i receive lots of emails asking about paul rand .
it seems many people want to know what it was like to have him as a teacher , or how many rand - designed items i have .
like so many of his students , i have my own personal stories to tell .
after leaving yale , I kept in touch with him and tried to visit often .
the videos you see on youtube — or the interview with steve jobs about working with him — give a pretty accurate picture of what he was like .
my association with him has engendered many stories .
here is one .
i once had the pleasure of interviewing with peter arnell .
this was in 1993 when he was still working with donna karan and i was an art director at bergdorf ’s .
( you may not know , but when apple did the “ think different ” campaign and chose paul rand as one of the featured artists , it was peter arnell 's photo they used .
i have always disliked that he made money from that . ) anyway , i walked into arnell 's office and sat down .
he did not open my portfolio .
he held up my resume and read it aloud .
" so , you went to yale ? " he asked .
" i did , " i replied .
“ it does n't bother you that i went to princeton and my partner went to columbia ? " " no , ” i said , “ not everyone gets into yale . "
( i already figured I was n't getting the job . ) " so you studied with paul rand ? " " i did . " " would he remember you ? " " um , i guess .
i would like to hope so . " at this point he yelled out to his assistant , " can you get paul rand on the phone ? " ok .
there is a first time for everything .
the only thing going through my mind was what mr. rand could possibly say .
and what if he did n't remember me ?
although i was pretty sure he would .
arnell put the phone on speaker and we listened together as it rang over and over .
arnell was watching me the whole time .
i remember this as if it were yesterday .
finally the answering machine came on .
arnell hung up without leaving a message .
i was n’t especially relieved , mostly just perplexed .
what would he have asked him ?
we then proceeded to discuss rand and his work .
what i liked about it , etc. the rest of the interview was pretty uneventful .
for my follow - up to the interview , i sent arnell one of my prize rand books , " leaved canceled , " a book he designed in 1945 for knopf .
i included a note of thanks and mentioned our shared enthusiasm for mr. rand .
my southern roots expected some sort of response .
it never came .
mr rand touched many people , even someone like peter arnell .
mr. rand ’s business card sits framed on my shelf , like so many other things he designed .
enjoy .
fyi : for privacy reasons I 've left the phone number incomplete .
On April 07 2010 17:29 lolaloc wrote :
Why does USA lack a third member ?
On April 07 2010 17:16 dacthehork wrote :
6 of the top players from each country , rosters being formed
On April 07 2010 17:16 dacthehork wrote :
rosters being formed
Well .
Kinda .
Yeah .
Read the post .
Maybe ?
Recently a team of mathematicians have been trying to republish the famous series of papers called “ SGA ” , or “ Séminaire de Géométrie Algébrique ” .
This was largely the work of Alexander Grothendieck , who had refused to let Springer Verlag republish the original version .
As the Wikipedia article explains :
In the 1990s it became obvious that the lack of availability of the SGA was becoming more and more of a problem to researchers and graduate students in algebraic geometry : not only are the copies in book form too few for the growing number of researchers , but they are also difficult to read because of the way they are typeset ( on an electric typewriter , with mathematical formulae written by hand ) .
Thus , under the impetus of various mathematicians from several countries , a project was formed of re-publishing SGA in a more widely - available electronic format and using LaTeX for typesetting ; also , various notes are to be added to correct for minor mistakes or obscurities .
The result should be published by the Société Mathématique de France .
Legal permission to reprint the works was obtained from every author except Alexander Grothendieck himself , who cannot be contacted ; it was decided to proceed without his explicit agreement on the grounds that his refusal for the SGA to be re-published by Springer - Verlag was an objection against Springer and not one of principle .
“ Cannot be contacted ” — because , as you probably know , in 1991 he burned thousands of pages of his own work and left home for an undisclosed location , making himself inaccessible , with a few exceptions .
However …
… recently Grothendieck has made his presence felt again .
On Yves Laszlo ’s webpage devoted to re-editing of the fourth volume of SGA , it now says ( in French ) :
Alexander Grothendieck unfortunately wished that work of republication of SGA cease .
The pages which were devoted to this are thus closed .
Anyone know more about this ?
Impossible .
Wrestling fans are way too mature to act like this .
The Blood Brothers were an American post - hardcore band from 1997 to 2007 , formed in Seattle , Washington .
The quintet released five albums , the last of which was produced by Guy Picciotto of Fugazi ; as well as its members numerous side projects ( including Head Wound City , Jaguar Love , Past Lives , Soiled Doves , Neon Blonde , Waxwing , and others ) .
The band reunited to play FYF Fest in 2014 .
View wiki
When I was seventeen , I wrote my very first shell script .
It was a Windows batch file , bits and pieces very carefully cargo - culted from various code samples on the web .
I had already had the exquisite pleasure of futzing with pear .
bat , and the thought of scripting was not something I relished ; " why not write the damn thing in a real programming language ! "
( The extra delicious bit was " a real programming language " was PHP .
Hee . )
Eventually I came around to an all - Unix environment , and with it I began to use bash extensively .
And suddenly , shell scripting made a lot more sense : you 've been writing the damn commands day in and day out , just write them to a script instead !
There was , however , still the pesky little problem that shell scripts are forever ; like it or not , they 've become pieces of maintained code .
Entire build infrastructures have been built on top of shell scripts .
They breed like rabbits ; you have to be careful about the little buggers .
Here are five tips and tricks to keep in mind when tossing commands into a shell script that will make maintenance in the long - run much more pleasant !
San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom will announce Friday that he is running for lieutenant governor , people who have been contacted by him say .
Newsom , a Democrat , has been busily lining up big - name support and donors to make the statewide run .
He has called elected officials and potential donors to inform them he is in the race .
Sources familiar with Newsom 's plans say he will unveil a list of endorsements that includes many of the state 's top Democratic leaders .
They requested anonymity to allow Newsom make the announcement .
Newsom has formed a fundraising committee for the run , and the first checks for his new statewide bid were reported Thursday .
He reported receiving nearly $ 18,000 from three donors Thursday .
He received $ 6,500 apiece from Mark and Susie Buell , owners of the Esprit clothing company and longtime backers .
He also reported receiving $ 4,950 from Peter Ragone , his former press secretary .
On Wednesday , Newsom took out papers to run for the office from the San Francisco County elections department and paid a $ 2,600 fee .
When asked if Newsom was planning to announce his candidacy Friday , spokesman Jason Kinney said , " You 'll just have to wait until tomorrow . "
-- Anthony York in Sacramento
Read this in : Čeština
Contents
Article Summary
In 1945 , Dr. Weston Price described “ a new vitamin - like activator ” that played an influential role in the utilization of minerals , protection from tooth decay , growth and development , reproduction , protection against heart disease and the function of the brain .
Using a chemical test , he determined that this compound — which he called Activator X — occurred in the butterfat , organs and fat of animals consuming rapidly growing green grass , and also in certain sea foods such as fish eggs .
Dr. Price died before research by Russian scientists became known in the West .
These scientists used the same chemical test to measure a compound similar to vitamin K.Vitamin K 2 is produced by animal tissues , including the mammary glands , from vitamin K 1 , which occurs in rapidly growing green plants .
A growing body of published research confirms Dr. Price ’s discoveries , namely that vitamin K 2 is important for the utilization of minerals , protects against tooth decay , supports growth and development , is involved in normal reproduction , protects against calcification of the arteries leading to heart disease , and is a major component of the brain .
Vitamin K 2 works synergistically with the two other “ fat - soluble activators ” that Price studied , vitamins A and D. Vitamins A and D signal to the cells to produce certain proteins and vitamin K then activates these proteins .
Vitamin K 2 plays a crucial role in the development of the facial bones , and its presence in the diets of nonindustrialized peoples explains the wide facial structure and freedom from dental deformities that Weston Price observed .
Main Article ( On the Trail of the Elusive X - Factor )
Read in : Czech
In 1945 , Weston Price published a second edition of his pioneering work Nutrition and Physical Degeneration , to which he added a new chapter entitled , “ A New Vitamin - Like Activator . ”
1
In it , he presented evidence of a theretofore unrecognized fat - soluble substance that played a fundamental role in the utilization of minerals and whose absence from modern nutrition was responsible for the proliferation of dental caries and other degenerative diseases .
Although Price quantified the relative amount of this substance in thousands of samples of dairy products sent to him from around the world , he never determined its precise chemical identity .
For want of a better means of identification , he referred to it as “ Activator X , ” also sometimes referred to as the “ Price Factor . ”
Price found the highest concentrations of this nutrient in “ the milk of several species , varying with the nutrition of the animal ” and found the combination of cod liver oil and high - Activator X butter to be superior to that of cod liver oil alone .
In the many butter samples he tested , Activator X was only present when the animals were eating rapidly growing green grass .
In most regions , this occurred in the spring and early fall .
A Sixty - Year Mystery
For over sixty years , all attempts to identify this elusive “ X ” factor have failed .
In the 1940s , Dr. Royal Lee , founder of the whole food supplement company Standard Process , suggested that activator X was the essential fatty acids .
2
In 1980 , Dr. Jeffrey Bland suggested more specifically that it was the elongated omega - 3 essential fatty acid called EPA.3
Although these fatty acids exert some effects on calcium metabolism , 4 neither the distribution of these unsaturated fatty acids in foods nor their chemical behavior corresponds to that of Activator X .
Cod liver oil is much richer than butter in essential fatty acids including EPA , and the oils of plant seeds are even richer in these fats , but Price found little , if any , Activator X in these foods .
Moreover , Price tested for Activator X by quantifying the ability of a food to oxidize iodide to iodine ; essential fatty acids , however , do not possess this chemical ability .
In 1982 , one author wrote to the Price - Pottenger Nutrition Foundation that after pursuing a number of false leads while attempting to identify the X factor , he had concluded that the “ peculiar behavior ” observed in Price ’s chemical test might be due to a “ special kind of oxygen - containing heterocyclic ring , ” and suggested a compound called 6 - methoxybenzoxazolinone ( MBOA ) as a likely candidate .
5
Although researchers first identified MBOA as an antifungal agent found in corn , 6 later studies showed that it was found in many other plant foods and acted as a reproductive stimulant in some animals by mimicking the hormone melatonin .7
Although it is present in young , rapidly growing grass , no research has ever established MBOA as an essential nutrient , attributed to it any of the physiological roles of Activator X , or demonstrated its presence in the foods that Price considered to be the richest sources of this nutrient .
MBOA , then , was just another false lead ; we will soon see , however , that the writer ’s observations about the chemical nature of Activator X were largely correct .
Vitamin K : Three Discoveries Converge
The test that Price used for Activator X , called iodometric determination , was traditionally regarded within the English language literature as a test for peroxides ( carbon - containing molecules that have been damaged by oxygen ) .
8,9 Since peroxides do not have any activity as vitamins , the relationship between the test and any nutritional substance remained a mystery .
Although researchers publishing in other languages were using the test to detect a class of chemicals called quinones at least as far back as 1910,10 it was not until 1972 that Danish researchers published a paper in the British Journal of Nutrition showing that the test could be used to detect biological quinones such as K vitamins in animal tissues .
12
K vitamins ( Figure 1 ) possess oxygen - containing ring structures that are capable of oxidizing iodide to iodine and would therefore be detected by Price ’s Activator X test .
The K vitamins are likely to go down in history as the most misunderstood group of vitamins of the twentieth century .
In many ways , however , modern researchers are now rediscovering properties of these vitamins that Price had discovered over sixty years ago .
It has now become clear that both Activator X and its precursor in rapidly growing grass are both members of this group .
There are two natural forms of vitamin K : vitamin K 1 and vitamin K 2 .
Vitamin K 1 , also called phylloquinone , is found in the green tissues of plants , tightly embedded within the membrane of the photosynthesizing organelle called the chloroplast .
As the chlorophyll within this organelle absorbs energy from sunlight , it releases high - energy electrons ; vitamin K 1 forms a bridge between chlorophyll and several iron - sulfur centers across which these electrons travel , releasing their energy so that the cell can ultimately use it to synthesize glucose .13
When animals consume vitamin K 1 , their tissues convert part of it into vitamin K 2 , 14 which fulfills a host of physiological functions in the animal that we are only now beginning to understand .
The ability to make this conversion varies widely not only between species 14 but even between strains of laboratory rats , 15,16 and has not been determined in humans .
The mammary glands appear to be especially efficient at making this conversion , presumably because vitamin K 2 is essential for the growing infant .
17 Vitamin K 2 is also produced by lactic acid bacteria,18 although bacteria produce forms of the vitamin that are chemically different from those that animals produce , and researchers have not yet established the differences in biological activity between these forms .
Although both K vitamins were discovered and characterized over the course of the 1930s , two fundamental misunderstandings about these vitamins persisted for over sixty years : the medical and nutritional communities considered blood clotting to be their only role in the body , and considered vitamins K 1 and K 2 to simply be different forms of the same vitamin .
The first vitamin K - dependent protein relating to skeletal metabolism was not discovered until 1978 .
It was not until 1997 , nearly twenty years later , that the recognition that vitamin K was “ not just for clotting anymore ” broke out of the confines of the fundamental vitamin K research community .
19
Since the amount of vitamin K 1 in typical diets is ten times greater than that of vitamin K 2 , 20 researchers have tended to dismiss the contribution of K 2 to nutritional status as insignificant .
Yet over the last few years , a growing body of research is demonstrating that these two substances are not simply different forms of the same vitamin , but are better seen as two different vitamins : whereas K 1 is preferentially used by the liver to activate blood clotting proteins , K 2 is preferentially used by the other tissues to place calcium where it belongs , in the bones and teeth , and keep it out of where it does not belong , in the soft tissues .
21 Acknowledging this research , the United States Department of Agriculture , in conjunction with researchers from Tufts University , finally determined the vitamin K 2 contents of foods in the U.S. diet for the first time in 2006.22
Perfect Correspondence
Because vitamin K 1 is directly associated with both chlorophyll and beta - carotene within a single protein complex and plays a direct role in photosynthesis,13 the richness of the green color of grass , its rate of growth , and its brix rating ( which measures the density of organic material produced by the plant ) all directly indicate its concentration of vitamin K 1 .
Animals grazing on grass will accumulate vitamin K 2 in their tissues in direct proportion to the amount of vitamin K 1 in their diet .
The beta - carotene associated with vitamin K 1 will also impart a yellow or orange color to butterfat ; the richness of this color therefore indirectly indicates the amount of both vitamins K 1 and K 2 in the butter .
Not only are the K vitamins detected by the Activator X test and distributed in the food supply precisely as Price suggested , but , as shown in Figure 2 , the physiological actions that Price attributed to Activator X correspond perfectly to those of vitamin K 2 .
It is therefore clear that the precursor to Activator X found in rapidly growing , green grass is none other than vitamin K 1 , while Activator X itself is none other than vitamin K 2 .
Ironically , Price discovered the roles of vitamin K 2 in calcium metabolism , the nervous system and the cardiovascular system more than sixty years before the vitamin K research community began elucidating these roles itself , while vitamin K researchers discovered the chemical structure of activator X several years before Price even proposed its existence .
Had Price been aware that his chemical test had been used for decades outside of the English language scientific community to detect quinones , a class to which the K vitamins belong , the two independent discoveries of this one vitamin may have converged sooner .
Instead , English - speaking researchers continued for decades to labor under the illusion that the iodometric method detected only peroxides ; by the time this illusion was corrected , better methods for detecting peroxides had already been developed , Activator X had been forgotten , and the opportunity to make the connection between these three discoveries was lost .
The twenty - first century , however , is already making radical revisions to our understanding of the K vitamins , which now make it clearer than ever that Activator X and vitamin K 2 are one and the same .
Synergy with Vitamins A and D
Price showed Activator X to exhibit dramatic synergy with vitamins A and D. Chickens voluntarily consumed more butter and died more slowly on a deficiency diet when the butter was high in both vitamin A and Activator X than when it was high in vitamin A alone .
Cod liver oil , which is high in both vitamins A and D , partially corrected growth retardation and weak legs in turkeys fed a deficiency diet , but the combination of cod liver oil and high - Activator X butter was twice as effective .
Likewise , Price found that the combination of cod liver oil and a high - Activator X butter oil concentrate was more effective than cod liver oil alone in treating his patients for dental caries and other signs of physical degeneration .
Vitamin K 2 is the substance that makes the vitamin A- and vitamin D - dependent proteins come to life .
While vitamins A and D act as signaling molecules , telling cells to make certain proteins , vitamin K 2 activates these proteins by conferring upon them the physical ability to bind calcium .
In some cases these proteins directly coordinate the movement or organization of calcium themselves ; in other cases the calcium acts as a glue to hold the protein in a certain shape .33
In all such cases , the proteins are only functional once they have been activated by vitamin K .
Osteocalcin , for example , is a protein responsible for organizing the deposition of calcium and phosphorus salts in bones and teeth .
Cells only produce this protein in the presence of both vitamins A and D;34 it will only accumulate in the extracellular matrix and facilitate the deposition of calcium salts , however , once it has been activated by vitamin K 2 .35 Vitamins A and D regulate the expression of matrix Gla protein ( MGP ) , 36,37 which is responsible for mineralizing bone and protecting the arteries from calcification ; like osteocalcin , however , MGP can only fulfill its function once it has been activated by vitamin K 2 .33
While vitamins A and D contribute to growth by stimulating growth factors and promoting the absorption of minerals , vitamin K 2 makes its own essential contribution to growth by preventing the premature calcification of the cartilaginous growth zones of bones .
38
Vitamin K 2 may also be required for the safety of vitamin D .
The anorexia , lethargy , growth retardation , bone resorption , and soft tissue calcification that animals fed toxic doses of vitamin D exhibit bear a striking resemblance to the symptoms of deficiencies in vitamin K or vitamin K - dependent proteins .
Warfarin , which inhibits the recycling of vitamin K , enhances vitamin D toxicity and exerts a similar type of toxicity itself .
Similarly , the same compounds that inhibit the toxicity of Warfarin also inhibit the toxicity of vitamin D. I have therefore hypothesized elsewhere that vitamin D toxicity is actually a relative deficiency of vitamin K 2 .39
The synergy with which vitamin K 2 interacts with vitamins A and D is exactly the type of synergy that Price attributed to Activator X .
Vitamin K2 and Dental Health
Weston Price was primarily interested in Activator X because of its ability to control dental caries .
By studying the remains of human skeletons from past eras , he estimated that there had been more dental caries in the preceding hundred years than there had been in any previous thousand - year period and suggested that Activator X was a key substance that people of the past obtained but that modern nutrition did not adequately provide .
Price used the combination of high - vitamin cod liver oil and high - Activator X butter oil as the cornerstone of his protocol for reversing dental caries .
This protocol not only stopped the progression of tooth decay , but completely reversed it without the need for oral surgery by causing the dentin to grow and remineralize , sealing what were once active caries with a glassy finish .
One 14 - year - old girl completely healed 42 open cavities in 24 teeth by taking capsules of the high - vitamin cod liver oil and Activator X concentrate three times a day for seven months .
Activator X also influences the composition of saliva .
Price found that if he collected the saliva of individuals immune to dental caries and shook it with powdered bone or tooth meal , phosphorus would move from the saliva to the powder ; by contrast , if he conducted the same procedure with the saliva of individuals susceptible to dental caries , the phosphorus would move in the opposite direction from the powder to the saliva .
Administration of the Activator X concentrate to his patients consistently changed the chemical behavior of their saliva from phosphorus - accepting to phosphorus - donating .
The Activator X concentrate also reduced the bacterial count of their saliva .
In a group of six patients , administration of the concentrate reduced the Lactobacillus acidophilus count from 323,000 to 15,000 .
In one individual , the combination of cod liver oil and Activator X concentrate reduced the L. acidophilus count from 680,000 to 0 .
In the 1940s , researchers showed that menadione and related compounds inhibited the bacterial production of acids in isolated saliva .
47 Menadione itself is a toxic synthetic analogue of vitamin K , but animal tissues are able to convert a portion of it to vitamin K 2 .
The ability of vitamin K- related compounds to inhibit acid production in isolated saliva had no relationship to their vitamin activity , and the most effective of these compounds had practically no vitamin activity at all .48 Researchers unfortunately assumed that because vitamin K did not have a unique role in inhibiting acid formation in saliva within a test tube that it had no nutritional role in preventing tooth decay within living beings .
In 1945 , American researchers conducted a double - blind , placebo - controlled trial of menadione - laced chewing gum and showed it to reduce the incidence of new cavities and cause a dramatic drop in the L. acidophilus count of saliva .
49
The next year , the Army Medical Department attempted to repeat these results but failed , and research on vitamin K and dental health in the United States was subsequently abandoned .
50
The authors of the original study assumed that the menadione exerted its effect simply as a topical anti-bacterial agent , even though it was highly unlikely to sustain a sufficient concentration in the saliva to exert this effect .
Ten years later , German researchers showed that injecting menadione into the abdominal cavities of hamsters more effectively prevented tooth decay than feeding it orally .
51 Although they could not rule out the possibility that some of this menadione was secreted into the saliva , their results argued in favor of a nutritional role for the vitamin K 2 that would have been produced from it .
Despite this finding , to this day no one has investigated the role of natural K vitamins in the prevention of dental caries .
Nevertheless , our continually expanding understanding of the physiology of both K vitamins and teeth now makes it clear that vitamin K 2 plays an essential role in dental health .
Of all organs in the body , vitamin K 2 exists in the second highest concentration in the salivary glands ( the highest concentration is found in the pancreas ) .
Even when rats are fed only K 1 , nearly all of the vitamin K in their salivary glands exists as K 2 .15 Both vitamin K52 and vitamin K - dependent proteins53 are secreted into the saliva , although their function is unknown .
We now know that the growth and mineralization of the dentin that Price observed in response to the combination of cod liver oil and Activator X concentrate would primarily require three essential factors : vitamins A , D , and K 2 .
There are three calcified tissues of the teeth : the cementum forms the roots , the enamel forms the surface , and the dentin forms the support structure beneath it .
Cells called odontoblasts lining the surface of the pulp just beneath the dentin continually produce new dentin material .
If a cavity invades the dentin and reaches these cells they can die .
The pulp tissue , however , contains stem cells that can differentiate into new odontoblasts that could regenerate the lost dentin if the right conditions were present .
54
Dentin is unique among the tissues of the teeth for its expression of osteocalcin , a vitamin K - dependent protein better known for its role in organizing the deposition of calcium and phosphorus salts in bone .
In the infant rat , whose teeth grow very rapidly , dentin manufactures much more osteocalcin than bone does , suggesting that osteocalcin plays an important role in the growth of new dentin .
Matrix Gla protein ( MGP ) , which is required for the mineralization of bone , is also expressed in dentin.55 Vitamins A and D signal odontoblasts to produce osteocalcin , 56,57 and probably regulate their expression of MGP as well .
Only after vitamin K 2 activates these proteins ’ ability to bind calcium , however , can they lay down the mineral - rich matrix of dentin .
The remarkable synergy between these three vitamins exactly mirrors the process Price observed .
Vitamin K2 and Bone Health
Price also believed that Activator X played an important role in bone health .
Butter oil concentrate cured rickets and increased serum levels of calcium and phosphorus in rats consuming a mineral - deficient diet .
In a four - year - old boy who suffered from rampant tooth decay , seizures and a tendency to fracture , the combination of a large helping of this concentrate and a meal of whole wheat and whole milk rapidly resolved each of these symptoms .
Although the small amount of vitamin D in the butter oil was probably sufficient to cure rickets and the combination of vitamins A and D most likely produced the rise in serum calcium and phosphorus,58 vitamin K 2 has a definite role in bone health .
There are at least two vitamin K - dependent proteins that fulfill important functions in skeletal metabolism : matrix Gla protein ( MGP ) and osteocalcin .
In 1997 , researchers from the University of Texas and the University of Montreal developed mice that lacked the gene that codes for MGP .
These mice appeared normal for the first two weeks of their lives , after which they developed faster heart beats , stopped growing and died within two months with the rupture of their heavily calcified aortas .
The disorganization of their cartilage cells not only produced short stature , but also produced osteopenia and spontaneous fractures .
38
The bones of mice that lack the osteocalcin gene mineralize just as well as those of mice that do not lack the gene , but the mineral deposits are organized differently .
This could mean that osteocalcin is important to the functional quality of bone and the ability to regulate its shape .59 Isolated human osteoblasts , the cells that lay down the calcified matrix of bone , secrete osteocalcin in response to vitamins A and D.34
The protein - rich matrix surrounding these cells will only accumulate this osteocalcin , however , if it is activated by vitamin K 2 .
Calcification of the extracellular matrix occurs in parallel with the accumulation of osteocalcin , but it is not clear whether this protein plays a direct role in laying down the calcium salts or if its accumulation simply reflects the higher amount of vitamin K 2 that is available to activate other proteins involved more directly in mineralization such as MGP.35
When there is an insufficient amount of vitamin K to keep up with the production of vitamin K - dependent proteins , many of these proteins are secreted into the blood in an inactive form .
Circulating cells then take up these useless proteins and destroy them .40
By drawing a person ’s blood and testing the percentages of circulating osteocalcin that are active and inactive , we can determine whether that person ’s bone cells have enough vitamin K to meet their needs .
People with the highest percentages of inactive osteocalcin are at a more than five - fold increased risk of hip fracture ,60 confirming the value of the test .
By using this test , we can also show that vitamin K 2 is the preferred K vitamin of the bones .
It takes one milligram per day of a highly absorbable pharmacological preparation of vitamin K 1 to maximally activate osteocalcin in human subjects ; 28 it appears , however , that humans are not capable of absorbing much more than one fifth this amount from whole foods .
24 By contrast , large amounts of vitamin K 2 are readily absorbed from foods .
26 Even when using highly absorbable forms of these vitamins , vitamin K 2 is much more effective .
Researchers from the University of Maastricht in the Netherlands recently showed that over the course of 40 days , vitamin K 2 was three times more effective than vitamin K 1 at raising the percentage of activated osteocalcin .
Moreover , the effect of vitamin K 1 reached a plateau after just three days , whereas the effect of vitamin K 2 increased throughout the entire study .
Had it lasted longer , the study may have shown an even greater superiority of vitamin K 2 .32
We can therefore regard the percentage of inactive osteocalcin primarily as a marker for vitamin K 2 status .
In the healthy adult population , one hundred percent of the vitamin K - dependent blood coagulants produced by the liver are in their active form .
By contrast , in this same population between ten and thirty percent of circulating osteocalcin is in its inactive form .
Researchers rarely encounter individuals whose osteocalcin is fully activated .
31
This suggests that vitamin K 2 deficiency is universal , and that variation in K 2 status within the population simply reflects varying degrees of deficiency .
Vitamin K 1 supplements produce modest decreases in bone loss in the elderly .
A number of Japanese trials , on the other hand , have shown that vitamin K 2 completely reverses bone loss and in some cases even increases bone mass in populations with osteoporosis .31
The pooled results of seven Japanese trials show that vitamin K 2 supplementation produces a 60 percent reduction in vertebral fractures and an 80 percent reduction in hip and other non-vertebral fractures .
61
These studies used extremely high amounts of vitamin K 2 and did not observe any adverse effects over the course of several years .
Since they used such high doses of K 2 , however , and no studies have tested lower doses , they do not constitute definitive proof that the vitamin activity rather than some drug - like action unique to the high dose produced such dramatic results .
The balance of the evidence , however , suggests that vitamin K 2 is essential to skeletal health and that it is a key substance that modern diets do not adequately provide .
Vitamin K2 and Heart Disease
Price analyzed more than 20,000 samples of dairy products sent to him every two to four weeks from various districts of the United States , Canada , Australia , Brazil and New Zealand .
Dividing the total area into many districts , each producing dairy products with different patterns of seasonal fluctuation in vitamin A and Activator X content , he found an inverse relationship in each district between the vitamin content of butterfat and the mortality from pneumonia and heart disease .
The role of vitamin A in the immune system is well established .
We do not currently know , however , whether vitamin K 2 plays an important role in the immune system .
Nevertheless , lymph glands and bone marrow accumulate large amounts of it62 and a vitamin K - dependent protein called gas6 plays a role in phagocytosis,33 a process wherein immune cells destroy and consume foreign cells or the body ’s own cells when they are infected or no longer needed .
It is therefore possible that K vitamins could play an important role in protecting against infectious diseases such as pneumonia .
Vitamin K 2 ‘s ability to protect us from heart disease is much more clearly established .
Research is in fact rapidly redefining heart disease largely as a deficiency of this vitamin .
While it is most clearly established that vitamin K 2 deficiency causes calcification of the cardiovascular system , vitamin K 2 appears to protect against the inflammation and accumulation of lipids and white blood cells that characterize atherosclerosis as well .
Cardiovascular calcification can begin as early as the second decade of life , and is nearly ubiquitous in the population by the age of 65.33
There are primarily two types : calcification of the heart valves and tunica media constitutes one type , while calcification of the tunica intima constitutes the second .
The tunica media is the middle layer of the artery ; it contains elastic fibers that allow the artery to stretch and accommodate varying degrees of pressure .
The elastic fibers of the tunica media and the valves of the heart calcify during diabetes , kidney disease and aging .
The tunica intima is the innermost layer of the artery and is the site where atherosclerosis develops .
In atherosclerosis , calcified deposits rich in lipids and white blood cells accumulate on the debris left behind by the blood vessel ’s smooth muscle cells once they have died .63
In healthy arteries , the vitamin K - dependent matrix Gla protein ( MGP ) congregates around the elastic fibers of the tunica media and guards them against the formation of crystals by the calcium that circulates in the blood .
The inactive form of MGP , which cells produce when they do not have sufficient K vitamins to meet their needs , does not exist in healthy arteries .
In early atherosclerosis , by contrast , most MGP exists in its inactive form and associates with calcified structures containing lipids , white blood cells , and the remnants of dead smooth muscle cells .
Inactive MGP also accumulates within the calcified deposits of the medial sclerosis that occurs during diabetes , kidney disease and aging .
Although blood tests for the percentage of inactive and active MGP are not available , patients with severe calcifications have high percentages of inactive osteocalcin , indicating a general deficiency of vitamin K 2 .63
Two other vitamin K - dependent proteins are likely to play a role in the development of atherosclerosis : gas6 and protein S. Gas6 promotes the survival of the smooth muscle cells that line the intima and the rapid clearance of those that die .
The rapid clearance of these dead cells may be important for preventing the accumulation of the calcified lipids and white blood cells that gather around them .
Protein S guides the immune system to clear away this debris from the intima gently rather than mounting a dangerous inflammatory attack against it .33
As these observations all predict , experimental and epidemiological evidence both show that vitamin K 2 is a powerful inhibitor of cardiovascular disease .
Mice that lack the gene for MGP develop extensive calcification of the aorta , aortic valves and arteries soon after birth and bleed to death within two months when their heavily calcified aortas rupture .
38 Warfarin , which inhibits the recycling of K vitamins40 and the conversion of K 1 to K 2 , 64 causes calcification of the tunica media in rats within two weeks , 21 increases arterial stiffness , decreases the ability of the artery to accommodate moderately high levels of blood pressure , and causes the death of the artery ’s smooth muscle cells .
65 Marcoumar , a similar drug , doubles the degree of aortic valve calcification in humans over the course of one to three years .
42
Large amounts of vitamin K 2 completely inhibit the ability of Warfarin to cause arterial calcification in rats .
Vitamin K 1 , by contrast , has no inhibitory effect at all .21 Researchers from the University of Maastricht recently showed that both K vitamins can reverse calcification that has already occurred in Wistar Kyoto rats .65
The K vitamins also reduced the number of dead smooth muscle cells after Warfarin treatment , showing that vitamin K - dependent proteins not only promote cell survival but also facilitate the safe clearance of cells that have died .
Although both K vitamins were effective , these rats convert vitamin K 1 to vitamin K 2 with great efficiency .
In the absence of Warfarin , two - thirds of the vitamin K in the blood vessels of the rats that consumed K 1 alone existed as K 2 .
In the presence of Warfarin , however , which inhibits the conversion , none of the vitamin K in these blood vessels existed as K 2 .
Apparently , vitamin K 1 is effective after but not during Warfarin treatment because it can only protect against arterial calcification insofar as it is converted to vitamin K 2 .
In the Nurses ’ Health Study , the risk of heart disease was a modest 16 percent lower for those consuming more than 110 micrograms per day of vitamin K 1 , but there was no benefit from consuming any more than this .
66
This small amount is equivalent to consuming only three servings of kale per month .
The Health Professionals Follow - Up Study generated a similar finding in men , although it lost significance after adjustment for other dietary risk factors .
67
It is n’t clear whether the slight increase in risk associated with only the lowest intakes reflects the possibility that only very small amounts of vitamin K 1 are absorbed , or simply reflects the association between K 1 intake and a healthy lifestyle .
People who consume more vitamin K 1 weigh less , smoke less , eat more fruits , vegetables , fish , folate , vitamin E and fiber ,68 and are more likely to use vitamin supplements .
67
The inverse association between heart disease and vitamin K 2 intake is more straightforward .
In The Rotterdam Study , which prospectively followed just over 4,600 men aged 55 or older in the Netherlands , the highest intake of vitamin K 2 was associated with a 52 percent lower risk of severe aortic calcification , a 41 percent lower risk of coronary heart disease ( CHD ) , a 51 percent lower risk of CHD mortality , and a 26 percent lower risk of total mortality .
Even though the study population consumed ten times more K 1 than K 2 , vitamin K 1 had no association with either the degree of aortic calcification or the risk of heart disease .
20
The profound effects of variations in such small amounts of dietary K 2 emphasize just how powerful this substance is in the prevention of degenerative disease .
Vitamin K2 and the Brain
Price supplied several anecdotes suggesting that Activator X plays an important role in the nervous system .
Price administered a daily meal of nutrient - dense whole foods supplemented with high - vitamin cod liver oil and high - Activator X butter oil to the children of impoverished mill workers who suffered from rampant tooth decay .
The treatment not only resolved the tooth decay without the need for oral surgery , but resolved chronic fatigue in one boy and by the report of their school teachers produced a marked increase in learning capacity in two others .
Price also administered the butter oil concentrate to a four - year - old who suffered from rampant tooth decay , a fractured leg and seizures .
A dessert spoonful of the butter oil served over whole wheat gruel with whole milk once before bed and five times over the course of the following day immediately resolved his seizures .
Rapid healing of his fracture and dental caries followed soon after .
The fact that these three symptoms appeared together and resolved following the same treatment suggests a common cause for each of them .
Sixty years later , modern research is now elucidating the essential role that vitamin K 2 plays not only in the dental and skeletal systems , but in the nervous system as well .
This strongly suggests it was the key unidentified factor in Price ’s protocol .
The brain contains one of the highest concentrations of vitamin K 2 in the body ; only the pancreas , salivary glands , and the cartilaginous tissue of the sternum contain more .
When male Wistar rats consume vitamin K 1 alone , 98 percent of the vitamin K in their brains exists as K 2 , demonstrating the overwhelming preference of the nervous system for this form .
The K 2 contents of these four tissues remain remarkably high on a vitamin K - deficient diet , suggesting either that the vitamin is so essential to their function that they have developed a highly efficient means of preserving it , or that it plays a unique role in these tissues that does not require as high a rate of turnover as is required by the roles it plays in most other tissues .
15
An analysis of three autopsies showed that vitamin K 2 makes up between 70 and 93 percent of the vitamin K in the human brain .
69
It is not clear why humans exhibit greater variation in this percentage than rats , although it could be that we convert K 1 less efficiently and are therefore more dependent on dietary K 2 .
Vitamin K 2 supports the enzymes within the brain that produce an important class of lipids called sulfatides .
The levels of vitamin K 2 , vitamin K - dependent proteins and sulfatides in the brain decline with age ; the decline of these levels is in turn associated with age - related neurological degeneration .
46 Comparisons of human autopsies associate the early stages of Alzheimer ’s disease with up to 93 percent lower sulfatide levels in the brain .70 Warfarin treatment or dietary vitamin K deficiency causes lack of exploratory behavior and reduced physical activity in rats that is suggestive of fatigue .
71
Animals that completely lack the enzymes to make sulfatides and a related class of lipids , cerebrosides , progressively suffer from growth retardation , loss of locomotor activity , weak legs and seizures .
72
These observations suggest that deficiencies in vitamin K , especially vitamin K 2 , could result in fatigue and learning difficulties in humans , and that rare , extreme deficiencies of vitamin K 2 in the brain could result in seizures .
If this is the case , it would explain why Price observed tooth decay , bone fracture , learning difficulties and seizures to share a common cause and a common solution .
Other Roles of Vitamin K2
Our understanding of the K vitamins is rapidly expanding and we are likely to discover many new roles for them as the twenty - first century progresses .
The highest concentration of vitamin K 2 exists in the salivary glands and the pancreas .
These organs exhibit an overwhelming preference for K 2 over K 1 and retain high amounts of the vitamin even when animals consume a vitamin K - deficient diet .
15
The high presence of the vitamin in both of these organs suggests a role in activating digestive enzymes , although its apparent role in the regulation of blood sugar could explain its presence in the pancreas .
76
The testes of male rats also exhibit a high preference for and retention of vitamin K 2 , 16 and human sperm possess a vitamin K - dependent protein with an unknown function .
77
The kidneys likewise accumulate large amounts of vitamin K 2 69 and secrete vitamin K - dependent proteins that inhibit the formation of calcium salts .
Patients with kidney stones secrete this protein in its inactive form , which is between four and twenty times less effective than its active form at inhibiting the growth of calcium oxalate crystals , suggesting that vitamin K 2 deficiency is a major cause of kidney stones .
77
The use of Warfarin during pregnancy produces developmental malformations of the face ; as the nasal cartilage calcifies , growth of the nose comes to an early end , resulting in a stubby appearance .
78 Vitamin K 2 therefore most certainly played a role in the development of beautiful faces with broad features that Price observed among indigenous peoples .
A number of cell experiments have shown that vitamin K 2 has powerful anti-carcinogenic properties that may make it useful in preventing or treating cancer in humans.79
Researchers have recently discovered a whole new class of vitamin K - dependent proteins called transmembrane Gla ( TMG ) proteins .
Their functions are unknown.33
The K vitamins perform all of their well understood roles in the part of the cell responsible for the modification of proteins .
Only a portion of the vitamin K within a cell exists in this area , however .
Even more exists in the inner membrane of the mitochondria where the cell produces its energy .
45
The greatest concentration exists in the nucleus , which possesses a receptor for vitamin K that may be involved in regulating the expression of genes .
44 Vitamin K 2 has a greater affinity than vitamin K 1 for both the mitochondrial membrane and the nuclear receptor .
We presently know virtually nothing about these functions of the K vitamins and the plot will only thicken as the story unfolds .
Vitamin K2 in Foods
Figure 4 shows the distribution of vitamin K 2 in selected foods .
Precise values for the organ meats that would be richest in K 2 are not available .
The pancreas and salivary glands would be richest ; reproductive organs , brains , cartilage and possibly kidneys would also be very rich ; finally , bone would be richer than muscle meat .
15,16,69 Analyses of fish eggs , which Price found to be rich in Activator X , are not available .
Commercial butter is only a moderate source of vitamin K 2 .
After analyzing over 20,000 samples of butter sent to him from around the world , however , Price found that the Activator X concentration varied 50 - fold .
Vitamin K-rich cereal grasses , especially wheat grass , and alfalfa in a lush green state of growth produced the highest amounts of Activator X , but the soil in which the pasture was grown also profoundly influenced the quality of the butter .
The concentrations were lowest in the eastern and far western states where the soil had been tilled the longest , and were highest in Deaf Smith County , Texas , where excavations proved the roots of the wheat grass to pass down six feet or more through three feet of top soil into deposits of glacial pebbles cemented together with calcium carbonate .
It was this amazingly vitamin - rich butter that had such dramatic curative properties when combined with high - vitamin cod liver oil and nutrient - dense meals of whole milk , whole grains , organ meats , bone broths , fruits and vegetables .
For over 50 years after Price described his discovery of Activator X , the medical and nutritional communities saw vitamin K merely as a requirement for blood clotting .
The poor understanding of the functions of the K vitamins within the body and the apparent lack of any relationship between Price ’s chemical test and the structure of any known vitamin made it impossible to determine the identity of this mysterious substance .
We now know , however , that vitamin K 2 and Activator X are one and the same .
Like Price ’s X factor , vitamin K 2 is synthesized by animal bodies from its precursor in rapidly growing grass .
Cereal grasses and alfalfa are rich in this precursor , and these plants accumulate it in direct proportion to their photosynthetic activity .
It is critical to the ability of teeth and bones to lay down mineralized tissue , and to the prevention of degenerative diseases of the cardiovascular and nervous systems .
It is the key factor that acts in synergy with vitamins A and D : these vitamins command cells to make proteins , but vitamin K brings these proteins to life .
It is an “ activator , ” then , in the truest sense of the word , and it is therefore fitting that we knew it for so many decades simply as “ Activator X . ”
Thank you to Michael Eiseike , a health researcher from Hokkaido Japan , for originally bringing the Rotterdam Study to our attention and suggesting that vitamin K 2 may be the X Factor of Weston Price ; and also to David Wetzel of Green Pasture Products for his input and advice .
Figures
Figure 1 : The Structure of K Vitamins and Their Chemical Behavior
Single lines represent single bonds between carbon atoms ; double lines represent double bonds between carbon atoms .
Hydrogen atoms are attached to most of the carbons but are not shown .
a. Vitamin K 1 .
The side chain extending to the right of the molecule is monounsaturated .
b. Vitamin K 2 .
The nucleus , composed of two ring structures , is the same as that of vitamin K 1 .
The side chain , however , is polyunsaturated rather than monounsaturated .
c. Either K vitamin would be expected to react with hydriodic acid ( HI ) by absorbing hydrogen atoms and liberating diatomic iodine ( I2 ) .
The side chain is abbreviated by the letter “ R . ”
d . If the mixture of the vitamin K and hydriodic acid is combined with a starch indictor , the diatomic iodine liberated by the reaction would turn the starch blue .
Figure 2 . Corresponding Characteristics of Activator X and Vitamin K2
Activator X .. Vitamin K2
Found in the butterfat of mammalian milk , the eggs of fishes , and the organs and fats of animals .
Found in the butterfat of mammalian milk and the organs and fats of animals .
Analyses of fish eggs are not available .
Synthesized by animal tissues , including the mammary glands , from a precursor in rapidly growing , green grass .
Synthesized by animal tissues , including the mammary glands , from vitamin K 1 , which is found in association with the chlorophyll of green plants in proportion to their photosynthetic activity .
The content of this vitamin in butterfat is proportional to the richness of its yellow or orange color .
Its precursor is directly associated with beta- carotene , which imparts a yellow or orange color to butterfat .
Liberates diatomic iodine from hydriodic acid during chemical testing .
Liberates diatomic iodine from hydriodic acid during chemical testing .
Acts synergistically with vitamins A and D. Activates proteins that cells are signaled to produce by vitamins A and D. Plays an important role in reproduction .
Synthesized by the reproductive organs in large amounts from vitamin K 1 and preferentially retained by these organs on a vitamin K - deficient diet .
Sperm possess a K 2 - dependent protein of unknown function .
Plays a role in infant growth .
Contributes to infant and childhood growth by preventing the premature calcification of the cartilaginous growth zones of bones .
Plays an essential role in mineral utilization and is necessary for the control of dental caries .
Activates proteins responsible for the deposition of calcium and phosphorus salts in bones and teeth and the protection of soft tissues from calcification .
Increases mineral content and decreases bacterial count of saliva .
Is found in the second highest concentration in the salivary glands , and is present in saliva .
Intake is inversely associated with heart disease .
Protects against the calcification and inflammation of blood vessels and the accumulation of atherosclerotic plaque .
Increases learning capacity .
The brain contains one of the highest concentrations of vitamin K 2 , where it is involved in the synthesis of the myelin sheath of nerve cells , which contributes to learning capacity .
Resolved chronic fatigue in one boy .
Deficiency induces fatigue in laboratory animals .
Resolved seizures in one boy .
Involved in the synthesis of lipids called sulfatides in the brain , an absence of which induces seizures in laboratory animals .
Figure 3 . Vitamin K- Dependent Carboxylation
a. )
A carbon dioxide molecule
b. ) a carboxyl group
c. ) Vitamin K-dependent carboxylation
The vitamin K - dependent carboxylase rearranges the chemical bonds within carbon dioxide molecules .
Carboxyl groups contain carbon and oxygen atoms and carry a charge of negative one .
Calcium carries a charge of positive two .
The side chains of the amino acid glutamate normally carry one carboxyl group ; the vitamin K - dependent addition of a second carboxyl group gives these side chains a charge of negative two and thus allows them to bind to calcium , which has the equal and opposite charge .
This process transforms glutamate into γ-carboxyglutamate , abbreviated Gla .
For this reason , many vitamin K - dependent proteins , such as matrix Gla protein ( MGP ) , contain “ Gla ” in their name .
Figure 4 : Vitamin K2 Contents of Selected Foods22 , 26
The percentage of vitamin K 2 present as MK - 4 represents that synthesized by animal tissues , while the remainder represents that synthesized by bacteria during fermentation .
FOOD VITAMIN K2 ( MCG / 100G ) Natto 1103.4 ( 0 % MK - 4 ) Goose Liver Paste 369.0 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Hard Cheeses 76.3 ( 6 % MK - 4 ) Soft Cheeses 56.5 ( 6.5 % MK - 4 ) Egg Yolk ( Netherlands ) 32.1 ( 98 % MK - 4 ) Goose Leg 31.0 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Curd Cheeses 24.8 ( 1.6 % MK - 4 ) Egg Yolk ( United States ) 15.5 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Butter 15.0 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Chicken Liver 14.1 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Salami 9.0 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Chicken Breast 8.9 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Chicken Leg 8.5 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Ground Beef ( Medium Fat ) 8.1 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Bacon 5.6 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Calf Liver 5.0 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Sauerkraut 4.8 ( 8 % MK - 4 ) Whole Milk 1.0 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) 2 % Milk 0.5 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Salmon 0.5 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Mackerel 0.4 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Egg White 0.4 ( 100 % MK - 4 ) Skim Milk 0.0 Fat - Free Meats 0.0
SIDEBARS
The Activator X Test
The chemical test that Price eventually came to use for the quantification of Activator X in foods was originally suggested as an indirect test for vitamin D by Lester Yoder of the Agricultural Experiment Station of Iowa State College in 1926.8
The basic principle of the test , called iodometric determination , was most commonly utilized in the United States for detecting the presence of organic peroxides .9
Since peroxides are capable of oxidizing ionic iodide to diatomic iodine , researchers can detect them by combining the test substance with hydriodic acid and a starch indicator .
Hydriodic acid releases iodide ions into a solution .
If peroxides are present , they convert these iodide ions to diatomic iodine , which then turns the starch blue or purple .
This is somewhat similar to the amylase test that is used as a demonstration in many high school or college biology classes .
In that test , however , preformed iodine is used ; in the absence of amylase , the iodine turns the starch blue , while in the presence of amylase , the starch is broken down into sugar and the color change does not occur .
At the time , the only way to test a food for vitamin D was to feed it to rats on a mineral - deficient diet , kill the rats , and analyze the mineral content of their bones .
The richer the food was in vitamin D , the more it would stimulate absorption of the small amounts of calcium and phosphorus in the diet and the higher the bone mineral content would be .
Yoder suggested , however , that there was a general correlation between the ability of an oil to peroxidize ( become rancid ) and its vitamin D content , and advocated testing an oil ’s ability to oxidize iodide as an indirect indicator of its level of vitamin D. Having no other convenient chemical test , Price adopted this as his test for vitamin D .
The test was far from perfect .
Yoder found peroxidation in substances with no vitamin D activity such as turpentine , a thirteen - year - old sample of cholesterol , and an aged sample of mineral oil .
He further found that irradiating foods to the point at which their vitamin D activity was destroyed actually increased their score on the test .
8
As Price used this test on over 20,000 samples of dairy foods sent to him from around the world , he realized that the physiological effects that correlated with a food ’s ranking were different from those attributable to isolated vitamin D , and began using the term “ Activator X ” to describe the nutritional substance that the test was measuring .
He observed that the vitamin content of these butter samples varied fifty - fold , and that the samples richest in Activator X were the most potent for controlling dental caries .
Clearly , Price ’s test was detecting something besides rancid oils .
While researchers who published in English language journals traditionally used this test to detect peroxides , researchers publishing in Russian and German language journals had been using it to detect the synthetic compound benzoquinone all along .
10,11 Benzoquinone belongs to a class of chemicals called quinones that includes biological molecules such as coenzyme Q 10 and the K vitamins .
These quinones possess oxygen - containing ring structures whose oxygens will steal electrons and hydrogen ions from hydriodic acid and thereby oxidize ionic iodide to diatomic iodine , causing the starch to become a bluish purple color ( see Figure 1 ) .
In the 1970s , researchers from Britain and Denmark were debating whether or not healthy rat tissues contained lipid peroxides .
The British researchers used the iodometric method to determine peroxide levels and argued that healthy rat tissues did contain peroxides , while the Danish researchers used a different method and argued that they did not .
In a 1972 paper published in the British Journal of Nutrition , the Danish researchers demonstrated that the iodometric method was not showing the existence of peroxides in the rat tissues , but rather the existence of coenzyme Q 10 and probably other quinones .
12
Price ’s test , therefore , was not specific to any one particular chemical compound .
When used for fresh oils , however , it would be able to detect a number of nutrients that include coenzyme Q 10 and the K vitamins .
As shown in this article , it is the K vitamins that we should expect to vary in direct proportion to the amount of richly green grass in the diet of the animals , while the physiological effects Price identified with Activator X are specifically attributable to vitamin K 2 .
Interactions between Vitamins A , D , and K2
Is Vitamin K2 an Essential Nutrient ?
Vitamins K 1 and K 2 are both effective cofactors for the enzyme that activates vitamin K - dependent proteins , 23 but the liver preferentially uses vitamin K 1 to activate clotting factors while most other tissues preferentially use vitamin K 2 to activate the other vitamin K - dependent proteins .
21
Although animals can convert vitamin K 1 to vitamin K 2 , 14 there are a number of lines of evidence strongly suggesting that humans require preformed K 2 in the diet to obtain optimal health .
Humans appear to have a finite ability to absorb vitamin K 1 from plant foods .
In the United States , where the mean intake of vitamin K 1 is less than 150 micrograms per day , blood levels increase with increasing dietary intake until the latter reaches two hundred micrograms per day , after which they plateau .
In the Netherlands , where the mean intake of vitamin K 1 is much higher ( 250 micrograms per day ) , plasma levels of vitamin K 1 have no relationship to dietary intake at all .
24
These results suggest that humans do not possess the ability to absorb much more than 200 micrograms of vitamin K 1 per day from vegetables .
This interpretation is also supported by feeding experiments .
Whereas the absorption of vitamin K 2 from natto , a fermented soy food , is nearly complete , the absorption of vitamin K 1 from servings of green vegetables ranging from two hundred to four hundred grams consumed without added fat is only between five and ten percent .
The absorption of similarly sized servings of vegetables with added fat is still only between ten and fifteen percent .
25 - 26 By contrast , smaller servings are absorbed more efficiently .
For example , the absorption from a 150 - gram serving of spinach is 17 percent and the absorption from a 50 - gram serving of spinach is 28 percent .
27
These results show that our absorption of the vitamin declines as the amount we consume increases and strengthens the interpretation that we might only be able to absorb about 200 micrograms per day .
When study subjects consume a highly absorbable pharmacological preparation of vitamin K 1 , a dose of 1000 micrograms per day is required to maximize the activation of proteins important to bone metabolism .
28
If we can only absorb one - fifth of this amount from vegetables , we cannot support our skeletal system with vitamin K 1 regardless of how efficiently we may be able to convert it to vitamin K 2 .
The ability to convert K 1 to K 2 varies widely between species and breeds of animals .
The German researchers who first reported this conversion found that rats made it poorly compared to birds and that pigeons made it most efficiently .
14 Every tissue tested in male Wistar rats is capable of making the conversion ,15 whereas the liver , kidneys and heart of male Lewis rats will preferentially accumulate preformed K 2 , but , unlike the pancreas and testes of these same animals , will not synthesize it from K 1 .16
The K 2 content of human breast milk increases when mothers consume pharmacological preparations of K 1 , but the K 2 content of their blood does not ; 17 since the conversion takes place in the target tissues rather than the blood , however , we do not know how efficiently other human tissues make this conversion .
Vitamins K 1 and K 2 share a common ring - structured nucleus but possess different types of side chains .
The first step in the conversion of K 1 to K 2 appears to be the cleavage of its side chain in either the liver or the gastrointestinal tract , yielding a toxic oxidizing agent called menadione ; much of this metabolite is detoxified by the liver and excreted in the urine , while the remaining portion can be used to synthesize K 2 in tissues .
29
After this cleavage takes place , menadione must be transported to its target tissues where cellular enzymes can add a side chain to it , completing the transformation to K 2 .
Because they are transported in different types of lipoproteins , vitamin K 1 is primarily sent to the liver , whereas vitamin K 2 is primarily sent to the other tissues ; 30 we know very little , however , about the transport of menadione in the blood .
We also know very little about the rate at which our cells are capable of adding side chains to these molecules ; presumably , if the supply of menadione exceeds the rate at which the cell can add these side chains , the menadione will exert toxic effects and cause oxidative damage within the cell .
Preliminary evidence indicates that doses of 1000 micrograms per day of supplemental K 1 may contribute to periodontal disease ,31 suggesting that our bodies ’ resistance to absorbing this much K 1 from vegetables may serve an important purpose .
The clearest demonstration that humans require dietary preformed vitamin K 2 for optimal health is that epidemiological and intervention studies both show its superiority over K 1 .
Intake of vitamin K 2 , for example , is inversely associated with heart disease in humans while intake of vitamin K 1 is not,20 and vitamin K 2 is at least three times more effective than vitamin K 1 at activating proteins related to skeletal metabolism .
32
This nutritional superiority makes it clear why the indigenous groups that Weston Price studied expended so much effort procuring foods rich in vitamin K 2 like the organs and fats of animals and the deeply colored orange butter from animals grazing on rich pastures .
The Vitamin K- Dependent Carboxylase
Most known functions of the K vitamins are mediated by the vitamin K - dependent carboxylase .
The carboxylase is an enzyme bound to the membrane of the endoplasmic reticulum , a cellular organelle involved in the synthesis and modification of proteins .
It uses vitamin K as a cofactor to add carboxyl groups to the side chains of the amino acid glutamate within certain vitamin K - dependent proteins ( see Figure 3 ) .
This gives them a negative charge , allowing them to bind to calcium , which carries a positive charge .
40
Vitamin K- dependent proteins must be carboxylated before they leave the cell or insert themselves into its membrane .
They may contain anywhere from three to thirteen glutamate residues ( amino acids are called “ residues ” when they are bound up within proteins ) that must be carboxylated ; the carboxylase binds to them only once , however , and carboxylates each of these before it releases the protein .
On the other hand , vitamin K can only be used for the carboxylation of a single glutamate residue and the carboxylase must release it after each carboxylation and allow it to be recycled and returned .
A different enzyme , vitamin K oxidoreductase , recycles the vitamin ; this enzyme is the target of the anticoagulant drug Warfarin and its relatives .
40 Since Warfarin targets the recycling of vitamin K rather than the vitamin K - dependent coagulation proteins themselves , it not only acts as an anticoagulant , but also causes arterial and aortic valve calcification in both rats21 and humans 41,42 and inhibits the mineralization of bone matrix .
35
The distribution of the carboxylase among species and among tissues within an organism can help us understand its significance and that of its cofactor , vitamin K .
With the exception of some microorganisms that have “ stolen ” the enzyme by incorporating the genetic material of other species , 43 the carboxylase is present only in multicellular animals , underscoring its importance to intercellular communication .
In the growing embryo , it is first expressed in skeletal and nervous tissue ; vitamin K is therefore almost certainly essential to the development of the skeletal and nervous systems from their very beginnings .
40
Vitamin K ’s activity as a cofactor for the carboxylase may only be the tip of the iceberg .
In osteoblasts , the cells responsible for bone growth , the greatest concentration of vitamin K 2 exists in the nucleus where the genetic material is ; the second greatest concentration exists in the mitochondria , the so - called “ power house ” of the cell ; finally , only the third greatest concentration exists in the endoplasmic reticulum where the carboxylase is found .
44
We do not currently have enough information to understand the role of the K vitamins in the mitochondria or the nucleus .
Osteoblasts possess a nuclear receptor for vitamin K 2 , suggesting it has a role as a nuclear hormone .
Vitamin K 2 has a higher affinity than vitamin K 1 both for the nuclear receptor44 and for the mitochondrial membrane .
45
There is also evidence that vitamin K 2 plays a role as an antioxidant within the cells that synthesize the myelin sheath , which forms the electrical insulation of nerves .
46
Although it took until the 1970s to define the function of vitamin K as a cofactor for the carboxylase enzyme , the twenty - first century may well ring in a new revolution in our understanding of this amazing vitamin with the recognition that it is , to modify a phrase coined by Tufts University ’s Dr. Sarah Booth , “ not just for the carboxylase anymore . ”
Vitamin K2 and the Brain : A Closer Look
The concentration of vitamin K 2 is higher in myelinated regions than in non-myelinated regions of the brain ( myelin is the sheath that forms the electrical insulation of neurons ) and it is correlated with the presence of important lipids such as sphingomyelin and sulfatides .
The small amount of K 1 , by contrast , is distributed more randomly , 73 suggesting that it may not be as functionally important .
These lipids are part of a broader class of compounds called sphingolipids that play essential roles in the brain as structural constituents of membranes , signaling factors , and promoters of cell survival .
Vitamin K 2 supports the activity of the enzyme that catalyzes the initial reaction for the production of all sphingolipids as well as the enzyme that catalyzes the final step in the synthesis of sulfatides .
Warfarin or dietary vitamin K deficiency cause marked decreases in the activities of these enzymes and of the levels of sulfatides in the brains of rats and mice , while the administration of either vitamin K 1 or K 2 restores them .46
In addition to the production of sulfatides and other sphingolipids , vitamin K 2 plays at least two other important roles in the brain .
The vitamin K - dependent protein gas6 promotes the survival of brain cells , 74 and K vitamins , by an unknown mechanism , completely protect against the free radical - mediated death of the cells that synthesize myelin .
Both an excess of glutamate and a deficiency of cystine can cause this type of cell death .
Although K 1 and K 2 protect against glutamate toxicity equally , K 2 is fifteen times more effective than K 1 at counteracting the harmful effects of cystine depletion .
Oxidative stress in the vulnerable infant brain can cause mental retardation , seizures , and cerebral palsy .
Adequate intake of vitamin K 2 during infancy may therefore protect against these diseases .
75
Bacterial Production of Vitamin K2
“ Vitamin K 2 ” actually refers to a group of compounds called menaquinones .
While vitamins K 1 and K 2 have different types of side chains , the side chains of the various menaquinones within the K 2 group are all of the same type but are of varying lengths .
Each of these forms is abbreviated MK -n , where “ n ” is a number that denotes the length of the side chain .
Animal tissues exclusively synthesize MK - 4 , but many anaerobic bacteria synthesize other menaquinones , which they use for energy production much in the way that plants use vitamin K 1 .80
We can therefore obtain vitamin K 2 by absorbing that which is produced by our intestinal flora or by eating fermented foods , in addition to eating animal foods which contain vitamin K 2 synthesized from vitamin K 1 found in grass .
Lactic acid bacteria mostly produce MK - 7 through MK - 10,18 while MK - 10 and MK - 11 accumulate in the human liver over time , presumably originating from bacterial production in the gut .
81
It was once thought that intestinal bacteria were a major contributor to vitamin K status : the menaquinone content of stools is high , antibiotics have been associated with defects in blood clotting that resolve with vitamin K supplementation , and autopsies show that the great majority of vitamin K in the liver is present as “ higher ” menaquinones of bacterial origin .
The balance of the evidence , however , challenges this view .
Most of the menaquinones produced in the intestine are embedded within bacterial membranes and unavailable for absorption .
Antibiotics produce vitamin K - responsive clotting defects not by reducing the intestinal production of K vitamins , but by inhibiting the enzyme within the human body that recycles them .
Finally , the liver appears to accumulate higher menaquinones not because it is supplied with them abundantly but because it does not use them efficiently .
Intestinal production of menaquinones therefore likely makes some contribution to vitamin K status , but one that is very small .
80
Fermented foods such as sauerkraut , cheese , and natto , a soy dish popular in Eastern Japan , contain substantial amounts of vitamin K 2 .
Natto , in fact , contains the highest amount of any food measured ; nearly all of it is present as MK - 7.26 MK - 7 is highly effective : one recent study showed that it increased the percentage of activated osteocalcin in humans three times more powerfully than did vitamin K 1 .32
There are no studies available , however , comparing the efficacy of MK - 7 to that of the MK - 4 found in animal products .
MK - 9 , and presumably MK - 7 , stays in the blood for a longer period of time than does MK - 4 , but this appears to be because tissues take up MK - 4 much more rapidly .
30 Whether the rapid uptake of MK - 4 or the longer time spent in the blood by bacterial menaquinones have particular benefits or drawbacks is unclear .
Future research will have to clarify whether the vitamin K 2 synthesized by animal tissues and by bacteria are interchangeable , whether one is superior to the other , or whether each presents its own unique value to our health .
Supplementing with Vitamin K2
The best sources of vitamin K 2 are fermented foods and grass - fed animal fats .
These foods contain a wide array of nutrients that may act synergistically with vitamin K 2 in ways we do not yet understand .
Price ‘s vitamin - rich butter and butter oil concentrate provided not only vitamin K 2 but also vitamin E , vitamin A , vitamin D , conjugated linoleic acid ( CLA ) and other nutrients .
Nevertheless , some people may wish to supplement with vitamin K 2 if they do not have access to high - quality food , wish to use a higher dose to treat a health condition , or want extra insurance .
Two forms of vitamin K 2 supplements are commercially available : menaquinone - 4 ( MK - 4 ) , also called menatetrenone , and menaquinone - 7 ( MK - 7 ) .
MK - 4 is a synthetic product that is believed to be chemically and physiologically identical to the vitamin K 2 found in animal fats .
This form has been used in most of the animal experiments and in the Japanese osteoporosis studies .
Although synthetic , it is effective , and there is no known toxicity .
MK - 7 is a natural extract of natto , a fermented soy food popular in Eastern Japan .
MK - 4 is much less expensive than MK - 7 , but no studies have yet compared the efficacy of these two forms .
Menaquinone - 4 Supplements : Thorne Research and Carlson Laboratories both offer cost - effective MK - 4 supplements .
Thorne ’s product is a liquid supplement .
The MK - 4 is dissolved in a medium - chain triglyceride base ( the fats found in coconut oil ) with mixed tocopherols ( vitamin E ) .
Carlson ’s product is less expensive than Thorne ’s , but comes in dry capsules primarily composed of cellulose and other fillers , and allows the user less control over the dose .
Menaquinone - 7 Supplements : Jarrow Formulas and Source Naturals both offer cost - effective MK - 7 supplements .
Source Naturals ’ product is less expensive , but Jarrow ’s contains fewer additives and certifies that the soy used to make the product is not genetically modified .
Vitamin K 2 supplements interfere with the activity of oral anticoagulants such as warfarin .
Patients who are using warfarin should only use vitamin K 2 supplements with the knowledge of the prescribing physician .
REFERENCES
Price , Weston A. Nutrition and Physical Degeneration .
Self - published , 1945 .
Lee , Royal .
“ Butter , Vitamin E and the ‘ X ’ Factor of Dr. Price . ”
In The Dr. Royal Lee Historical Archive Collection from Selene River Press .
Not Dated .
http://www.seleneriverpress.com/media/pdf_docs/39_butter.pdf
Accessed February 5 , 2006 .
Bland , Jeffrey .
“ Combating Cardiovascular Disease : The Search for Dr. Weston Price ’s Factor X. ” Price - Pottenger Nutrition Foundation .
1980 ; 5 ( 1 ) .
Baggio B. Fatty acids , calcium and bone metabolism .
J Nephrol .
2002 ; 15 : 601-604 .
Price Pottenger Nutrition Foundation , personal communication .
Whitney NJ , Mortimore CG .
Isolation of the antifungal substance , 6 - methoxybenzoxazolinone , from field corn ( Zeamays L. ) in Canada .
Nature .
1959 ; 184( Suppl 17 ) : 1320 .
Sweat FW , Berger PJ .
Uterotropic 6 - methoxybenzoxazolinone is an adrenergic agonist and a melatonin analog .
Moll Cell endocrinol .
1988 ; 57 ( 1 - 2 ) : 131- 8 . Yoder L. The relation between peroxidation and antirachitic vitamin .
J Biol Chem .
1926 ; 70( 1 ) : 297-307 .
Mair RD , Graupner J. Determination of Organic Peroxides by Iodine Liberation Procedures .
Anal Chem .
1964 ; 36( 1 ) : 194-203 .
Willstatter R , Majima R. Über die quantitative Bestimmung der Chinone .
Zurch - Ber. 1910 ; 43 : 1171-1175 . Malyshev AI , Iofe II .
Potentiometric titration of benzoquinone in maleic acid solutions .
J Anal Chem USSR ( Engl Trans ) .
1958 ; 13 : 427-429 . Glavind J. On the existence of lipid peroxides in rat tissue .
Br J Nutr .
1972 ; 27 : 19 -26 .
Chitnis PR .
Photosystem I : Function and Physiology .
Annu Rev Plant Physiol Plant Mol Biol .
2001 ; 52 : 593-626 .
Billeter M , Martius C. Über die Umwandlung von Phyllochinon ( Vitamin K 1 ) in Vitamin K 2 ( 20 ) im Tierkörper .
Biochem Z. 1960 ; 333 : 430-439 .
Thijssen HHW , Drittij - Reijnders MJ. Vitamin K distribution in rat tissues : dietary phylloquinone is a source of tissue menquinone - 4 . Br J Nutr .
1994 ; 72 : 415-425 . Ronden JE , Thijssen HHW , Vermeer C. Tissue distribution of K- vitamins under different nutritional regimens in the rat .
Biochim Biophys Acta . 1998 ; 1379 : 16 -22 .
Thijssen HHW , Drittij M- J , Vermeer C , Schoffelen E. Menaquinone - 4 in breast milk is derived from dietary phylloquinone .
Br J Nutr .
2002 ; 87 : 219-226 . Morishita T , Natsuko T , Makino T , Kudo S. Production of Menaquinones by Lactic Acid Bacteria .
J Dairy Sci. 1999 ; 82 : 1897-1903 .
Vermeer C , Hamulyak K. Vitamin K : lessons from the past .
J Thromb Haemost .
2004 ; 2( 12 ) : 2115 - 7. Geleijnse JM , Vermeer C , Grobbee DE , Schurgers LJ , Knapen MHJ , van der Meer IM , Hofman A , Witteman JCM .
Dietary Intake of Menaquinone Is Associated with a Reduced Risk of Coronary Heart Disease : The Rotterdam Study .
J Nutr . 2004 ; 134 : 3100 -3105 .
Spronk HMH , Soute BAM , Schurgers LJ , Thijssen HHW , De Mey JGR , Vermeer C. Tissue - Specific Utilization of Menaquinone - 4 Results in the Prevention of Arterial Calcification in Warfarin - Treated Rats .
J Vasc Res. 2003 ; 40 : 531-537 . Elder SJ , Haytowitz DB , Howe J , Peterson JW , Booth SL .
Vitamin K Contents of Meat , Dairy , and Fast Food in the U.S. Diet .
J Agric Food Chem .
2006 ; 54 : 463-467 . Buitenhuis HC , Soute BAM , Vermeer C. Comparison of the vitamins K 1 , K 2 and K3 as cofactors for the hepatic vitamin K - dependent carboxylase .
Biochim Biophys Acta .
1990 ; 1034 : 170-175 . McKeown NM , Jacques PF , Gundberg CM , Peterson JW , Tucker KL , Kiel KP , Wilson PWF , Booth SL .
Dietary and nondietary determinants of vitamin K biochemical measures in men and women .
J Nutr . 2002 ; 132(6 ) : 1329-1334 .
Gijsbers BLMG , Jie K-SG , Vermeer C. Effect of food composition on vitamin K absorption in human volunteers .
Br J Nutr .
1996 ; 76 : 223-229 . Schurgers LJ , Vermeer C. Determination of Phylloquinone and Menaquinones in Food .
Haemostasis .
2000 ; 30 : 298-307 .
Garber AK , Binkley NC , Krueger DC , Suttie JW .
Comparison of Phylloquinone Bioavailability from Food Sources or a Supplement in Human Subjects .
J Nutr . 1999 ; 129 : 1201-1203 .
Binkley NC , Grueger DC , Kawahara TN , Engelke JA , Chappell RJ , Suttie JW .
A high phylloquinone intake is required to achieve maximal osteocalcin gamma - carboxylation .
Am J Clin Nutr .
2002 ; 76 : 1055 - 60 .
Thijssen HHW , Vervoot LMT , Schurgers LJ , Shearer MJ . Menadione is a metabolite of oral vitamin K. Br J Nutr .
2006 ; 95 : 266 .
Schurgers LJ , Vermeer C. Differential lipoprotein transport pathways of K- vitamins in healthy subjects .
Biochim Biophys Acta . 2002 ; 1570 : 27-32 . Vermeer C , Shearer MJ , Zittermann A , Bolton - Smith C , Szulc P , Hodges S , Walter P , Rambeck W , Stocklin E , Weber P. Beyond deficiency : potential benefits of increased intakes of vitamin K for bone and vascular health .
Eur J Nutr .
2004 ; 43 : 325-335 . Schurgers LJ , Teunissen KJF , Hamulyak K , Knapen MHJ , Hogne V , Vermeer C. Vitamin K-containing dietary supplements : comparison of synthetic vitamin K 1 and natto - derived menaquinone - 7 .
Blood .
2006 ; [ Epub ahead of print ] .
Berkner KL , Runge W. The physiology of vitamin K nutriture and vitamin K - dependent protein function in atherosclerosis .
J Thromb Haemost .
2004 ; 2( 12 ) : 2118 -32 .
Oliva A , Ragione FD , Fratta M , Marrone G , Palumbo R , Zappia V. Effect of retinoic acid on osteocalcin gene expression in human osteoblasts .
Biochem Biophys Res Commun .
1993 ; 191(3 ) : 908 - 14 .
Koshihara Y , Hoshi K. Vitamin K 2 enhances osteocalcin accumulation in the extracellular matrix of human osteoblasts in vitro .
J Bone Miner Res. 1997 ; 12(3 ) : 431- 8. Farzanheh - Far A , Weissberg PL , Proudfoot D , Shanahan CM .
Transcriptional regulation of matrix gla protein .
Z Kardiol .
2001 ; 90 ( Suppl. 3 ) : 38 - 42 . Kirfel J , Kelter M , Cancela LM , Price PA , Schule R. Identification of a novel negative retinoic acid responsive element in the promoter of the human matrix Gla protein gene .
Proc Natl Acad Sci USA .
1997 ; 94( 6 ) : 2227 -32 . Luo G , Ducy P , McKee MD , Pinero GJ , Loyer E , Behringer RR , Karsenty G. Spontaneous calcification of arteries and cartilage in mice lacking matrix GLA protein .
Nature .
1997 ; 386 : 78-81 . Masterjohn C. Vitamin D toxicity redefined : Vitamin K and the molecular mechanism .
Med Hypotheses .
2006 ; [ Epub ahead of print ] .
Berkner KL . The Vitamin K- Dependent Carboxylase .
Annu Rev Nutr .
2005 ; 25 : 127-49 .
Schori TR , Stungis GE .
Long - term warfarin treatment may induce arterial calcification in humans : case report .
Clin Invest Med. 2004 ; 27 ( 2 ) : 107- 9 . Schurgers LJ , Aebert H , Vermeer C , Bultmann B , Janzen J. Oral anticoagulant treatment : friend or foe in cardiovascular disease ?
Blood .
2004 ; 104 : 3231-3232 . Rishavy MA , Hallgren KW , Yakubenko AV , Zuerner RL , Runge KW , Berkner KL .
The vitamin K - dependent carboxylase has been acquired by Leptospira pathogens and shows altered activity that suggests a role other than protein carboxylation .
J Biol Chem . 2005 ; 280 ( 41 ) : 34870 - 7 . Hoshi K , Kohi N , Yoshihisa S , Koshihara Y. Nuclear Vitamin K 2 Binding Protein in Human Osteoblasts .
Homologue to Glyceraldehyde - 3 - Phosphate Dehydrogenase .
Biochem Pharmacol .
1999 ; 58 : 1631-1638 . Konishi T , Baba S. Intracellular and Intramitochondrial Distribution of Vitamin K : Biochemical and Electron Microscopic Radioautographic Study .
Chem Pharm Bull .
1973 ; 21(1 ) : 2479-2487 .
Denisova NA , Booth SL .
Vitamin K and Sphingolipid Metabolism : Evidence to Date . Nutr Rev. 2005 ; 63 ( 4 ) : 110-121. Calandra JC , Fancher OE , Fosdick LS .
The effect of synthetic vitamin K and related compounds on the rate of acid formation in saliva .
J Dent Res. 1945 ; 24 : 31-37 .
Armstrong WD , Knutson JW . Effect of Quinones on Acid Formation in Saliva .
Proc Soc Exper Biol & Med. 1942 ; 52 : 307-310 . Burrill DY , Calandra JC , Tilden EB , Fosdick LS .
The effect of 2 - methyl - 1,4 - naphthoquinone on the incidence of dental caries .
J Dent Res. 1945 ; 24 : 273-282. Medical Department Professional Service Schools .
Bull YS. Army Med Dept. 1946 ; 5 : 265 .
As cited in Makila E. Salivary Vitamins .
Internat .
Z. Vit. Forschung .
1968 ; 38 : 260-269 . Gebauer H. Vitamin K als Cariesprophylaktikum .
Dtsch Zahnarztl Z. 1955 ; 10 ( 7 ) : 555 - 6 . Glavind J , Granados H , Hansen A , Schilling K , Kruse I , Dam H. The Presence of Vitamins in the Saliva .
Internat Z Vit Forschung .
1948 ; 20 : 234-237 . Zacharski LR , Rosenstein R. Reduction of Salivary Tissue Factor ( Thromboplastin ) Activity by Warfarin Therapy .
Blood .
1979 ; 53( 3 ) : 366-374 .
Huang GT -J , Shagramanova K , Chan SW .
Formation of Odontoblast - Like Cells from Cultured Human Dental Pulp Cells on Dentin In Vitro. J Endod .
2006 ; 32 : 1066 -1073 .
Trueb B , Taeschler S , Schild C , Lang NP .
Expression of phosphoproteins and amelotin in teeth .
Int J Mol Med. 2007 ; 19 : 49 - 54 .
Thaweboon S , Thaweboon B , Choonharuangdej S , Chunhabundit P , Suppakpatana P. Induction of type I collagen and osteocalcin in human dental pulp cells by retinoic acid .
Southeast Asian J Trop Med Public Health .
2005 ; 36 ( 4 ) : 1066 - 9 . Shiba H , Uchida Y , Kamihagi K , Sakata M , Fujita T , Nakamura S , Takemoto T , Kato Y , Kurihara H. Transforming Growth Factor - ß1 and Basic Fibroblast Growth Factor Modulate Osteocalcin and Osteonectin/ SPARC
Syntheses in Vitamin - D-activated pulp cells .
J Dent Res. 2001 ; 80 ( 7 ) : 1653-1659 .
Rhode CM , DeLuca HF .
All - trans Retinoic Acid Antagonizes the Action of Calciferol and Its Active Metabolite , 1,25 - Dihydroxycholecalciferol , in Rats . J Nutr . 2005 ; 135 : 1647-1652 .
Boskey AL , Gadaleta S , Gundberg C , Doty SB , Ducy P , Karsenty G. Fourier transform infrared microspectropic analysis of bones of osteocalcin - deficient mice provides insight into the function of osteocalcin .
Bone .
1998 ; 23( 3 ) : 187-96 .
Luukinen H , Kakonen SM , Pettersson K , Koski K , Laippala P , Lovgren T , Kivela SL , Vaananen HK .
Strong prediction of fractures among older adults by the ratio of carboxylated to total serum osteocalcin .
J Bone Miner Res. 2000 ; 15 ( 12 ) : 2473 - 8. Cockayne S , Adamson J , Lanham - New S , Shearer MJ , Gilbody S , Torgerson DJ. Vitamin K and the Prevention of Fractures .
Arch Intern Med. 2006 ; 166 : 1256-1261 . Konishi T , Baba S , Sone H. Whole - body Autoradiographic Study of Vitamin K Distribution in Rat. Chem Pharm Bull .
1973 ; 21(1 ) : 220-224 . Schurgers LJ , Teunissen KJF , Knapen MHJ , Kwaijtall M , van Diest R , Appels A , Reutelingsperger CP , Cleutjens JPM , Vermeer C. Novel Conformation - Specific Antibodies Against Matrix gamma-Carboxyglutamic Acid ( Gla ) Protein .
Undercarboxylated Matrix Gla Protein as Marker for Vascular Calcification .
Arterioscler Thromb Basc Biol .
2005 ; 25 : 1629-1633 .
Thijssen HHW , Drittij - Reijnders MJ , Fischer MAJG .
Phylloquinone and Menaquinone - 4 Distribution in Rats : Synthesis rather than Uptake Determines Menaquinone - 4 Organ Concentrations .
J Nutr . 1996 ; 126 : 537-543 . Schurgers LJ , Spronk HMH , Soute BAM , Schiffers PM , DeMey JGR , Vermeer C. Regression of warfarin - induced medial elastocalcinosis by high intake of vitamin K in rats .
Blood .
2006 ; [ Epub ahead of print ] .
Erkkila AT , Booth SL , Hu FB , Jacques PF , Manson JE , Rexrode KM , Stampfer MJ , Lichtenstein AH .
Phylloquinone intake as a marker for coronary heart disease risk but not stroke in women .
Eur J Clin Nutr .
2005 ; 59 : 196-204 . Erkkila AT , Booth SL , Hu FB , Jacques PF , Lichenstein AH .
Phylloquinone intake and risk of cardiovascular diseases in men .
Nutr Metab Cardiovasc Dis. 2007 ; 17 : 58 -62 .
Braam L , McKeown N , Jacques P , Lichtenstein A , Vermeer C , Wilson P , Booth S. Dietary Phylloquinone Intake as a Potential Marker for a Heart - Healthy Dietary Pattern in the Framingham Offspring Cohort .
J Am Diet Assoc. 2004 ; 104 : 1410 -1414 .
Thijssen HHW , Drittij - Reijnders MJ. Vitamin K status in human tissues : tissue - specific accumulation of phylloquinone and menaquionone - 4 . Br J Nutr .
1996 ; 75 : 121-127 . Han X , M Holtzman D , McKeel DW Jr , Kelley J , Morris JC .
Substantial sulfatide deficiency and ceramide elevation in very early Alzheimer ’s disease : potential role in disease pathogenesis .
J Neurochem .
2002 ; 82( 4 ) : 809-18 .
Cocchetto DM , Miller DB , Miller LL , Bjornsson TD . Behavioral perturbations in the vitamin K - deficient rat .
Physiol Behav . 1985 ; 34 ( 5 ) : 727-34 .
Bosio A , Binzeck E , Stoffel W. Functional breakdown of the lipid bilayer of the myelin membrane in central and peripheral nervous system by disrupted galactocerebroside synthesis .
Proc Natl Acad Sci USA .
1996 ; 93 : 13280-13285 . Carrie I , Portoukalian J , Vicaretti R , Rochford J , Potvin S , Ferland G. Menaquinone - 4 Concentration is Correlated with Sphingolipid Concentrations in Rat Brain .
J Nutr . 2004 ; 134 : 167-172. Shankar SL , O’Guin K , Cammer M , McMorris FA , Stitt TN , Basch RS , Varnum B , Shafit - Zagardo B. The Growth Arrest - Specific Gene Product Gas6 Promotes the Survival of Human Oligodendrocytes via a Posphatidylinositol 3 - Kinase - Dependent Pathway .
J Neurosci .
2003 ; 23( 10 ) : 4208-4218 . Li J , Lin JC , Wang H , Peterson JW , Furie BC , Furie B , Booth SL , Volpe JJ , Rosenberg PA .
Novel Role of Vitamin K in Preventing Oxidative Injury to Developing Oligodendrocytes and Neurons . J Neurosci .
2003 ; 32( 13 ) : 5816 -5826 .
Sakamoto N , Nishiike T , Iguchi H , Sakamoto K. Possible effects of one week vitamin K ( menaquinone - 4 ) tablets intake on glucose tolerance in healthy young male volunteers with different descarboxy prothrombin levels .
Clin Nutr .
2000 ; 19 ( 4 ) : 259-263 . Vermeer C , Soute BAM , Ulrich MMW , van de Loo PGF .
Vitamin K and the Urogenital Tract .
Haemostasis .
1986 ; 16 : 246-257 .
Howe AM , Lipson AH , de Silva M , Ouvrier R , Webster WS .
Severe Cervical Dysplasia and Nasal Cartilage Calcification Following Prenatal Warfarin Exposure .
Am J Med Genet.1997 ; 71 : 391-396 .
Tokita H , Tsuchida A , Miyazawa K , Ohyashiki K , Katayanaqi S , Sudo H , Enomoto M , Takaqi Y , Aoki T. Vitamin K 2 - induced antitumor effects via cell - cycle arrest and apoptosis in gastric cancer cell lines .
Int J Mol Med. 2006 ; 17(2):2355 -43 .
Unden G , Bongaerts J. Alternative respiratory pathways of Escherichia coli : energetics and transcriptional regulation in response to electron acceptors .
Biochim Biophys Acta . 1997 ; 1320 : 217-234 . Suttie JW .
The importance of menaquinones in human nutrition .
Annu Rev Nutr .
1995 ; 15 : 399-417 .
Follow Up Questions and Answers
Question :
How much K 2 is recommended for adults and for children ?
Answer : Unfortunately we do not have any solid numbers on the optimal or minimum intake of K vitamins , neither from modern scientific analysis nor from what people consumed in optimal traditional diets .
However , we do know that virtually all adults have some degree of deficiency , whether this is very small or very substantial , and a recent study suggests that children are much more likely to be deficient , so children may actually need more because they are growing .
The best thing to do would be to eat from the foods richest in vitamin K 2 : natto , cheese or goose liver , at least once a week and to eat from the other relatively rich foods — grass - fed butter , animal fats and fermented foods — on a daily basis .
If you choose to take any of the supplements listed in the article in addition to this , there is currently no reason to believe that it is necessary to take more than the minimum dose ( one drop of Thorne or one capsule of Jarrow ) .
In the years ahead , we should see much more definitive information coming out on this , and hopefully we will also see some research reopen the questions that Price had raised about the agricultural practices that lead to the highest levels of Activator X in foods .
Question :
What is the appropriate dose of vitamin K 2 for maintenance and therapeutic purposes ?
Answer :
We do not have adequate information on dosage requirements for vitamin K 2 .
I would think that for maintenance one should shoot for 100 mcg minimum , possibly more for children , but we will have to wait for further research to quantify this .
There are unpublished anecdotes according to which some people have found up to 5 - 10 milligrams useful for treating specific conditions , such as autism or spider veins .
At present , this is a matter that the individual must settle through experimentation .
Question :
Do we know the levels of vitamin K 2 in the indigenous societies studied by Dr. Price ?
Answer :
We have no quantitative information on K 2 as K 2 or as Activator X in indigenous societies or in Price ’s practice because Price did not have a means of quantifying the levels by mass — for example , how many micrograms were contained in a given food sample .
Price could only compare different foods based on the intensity of the blue color yielded by the test , which he then compared to standards made from numerous different dilutions of a blue dye .
So Price could say that one food was a richer or poorer source than another , but he could not determine the precise amount contained within the food .
Question :
Is the K 2 found in animal products or fermented foods affected by cooking ?
Answer : I have yet to see any hard data on cooking losses , but everything I have read indicates that vitamin K is very heat - stable ( though it can apparently incur losses from exposure to light ) .
Question :
Is the Wulzen anti-arthritis factor in butter a separate compound from K 2 ?
Answer : I do not know whether the Wulzen factor is a separate compound ; however , others have suggested that they are separate because Wulzen found this factor to be destroyed by pasteurization , whereas Price and maybe others found activator X to be heat - stable .
Question : Fermented foods are said to be good sources of K 2 but in your article you say that most of the vitamin K 2 produced by bacteria in the gut is now believed to be embedded in the bacterial membranes and unavailable for absorption .
One might think therefore that the vitamin K 2 produced in fermented foods is similarly unavailable .
Are the bacteria in fermented foods different ?
Does stomach digestion free up the K 2 ?
Answer :
Whether it is because some bacteria secrete the K 2 or because the acidic digestion of the stomach ruptures the membranes I do not know , but the absorption of K 2 from natto is near complete .
Question : Does yogurt contain vitamin K 2 ?
Answer : Yogurt has roughly the same amount of K 2 as milk , with just a tiny bit produced .
This is probably because commercial yogurt is only fermented for four hours , whereas hard cheese is fermented for at least two months .
Question : Can you calculate how much K 2 is in commercial versus grass - fed butter ?
Answer : I do not think this can be calculated .
The primary confounder is that commercial butter comes from cows in confinement operations fed massive amounts of menadione , a portion of which can be converted into K 2 .
We have no idea at what rate this is turned into K 2 and how it compares to K1 from grass as a precursor to K 2 , so we have no baseline from which to calculate .
Question : I ’d like to use natto as a source of K 2 , but I have an allergy to yeast .
Do you know which microorganisms ferment soy to create natto , and whether yeast is used in other parts of the process ?
Answer : Natto is fermented with Bacillus subtilus , subspecies natto .
Yeast is not essential to the process as far as I know , but I do not know whether the cultures tend to pick up yeast or whether for some reason some products may also deliberately use yeast .
You may want to inquire with a specific manufacturer or from whomever you buy the culture if you choose to make your own .
Editor ’s note : Natto is definitely an acquired taste , one usually not acceptable to westerners .
This article appeared in Wise Traditions in Food , Farming and the Healing Arts , the quarterly magazine of the Weston A. Price Foundation , Spring 2007 .
Read this in : Čeština
The Human Centipede
Two stranded young women are the missing pieces in a demented surgeon 's twisted plan .
CHICAGO – “ Jobs now ” echoed across a frozen Federal Plaza as hundreds of youth rallied to demand passage of federal youth jobs legislation and voice their anger over being left out of the legislative process .
The March 1 rally also symbolized growing frustration at the slowness of the Obama administration and Congress in addressing the jobless emergency , and outright Republican Party and right - wing obstruction .
“ I ’m angry because the federal government gave $ 800 billion to the banks to rescue them , but what do you have so far ? ” asked Brian Brady , director of the Mikva Challenge , the rally sponsor .
The crowd responded with an emphatic , “ nothing ! ”
The youth came from high schools , colleges and communities across the city to demand passage of the Youth Jobs Act of 2010 ( S2929 ) , introduced by Sen. Patty Murray ( D - Wash . ) and co-sponsored by Sen. Roland Burris ( D - Ill . ) .
“ We feel like we are being ignored in the current jobs bills , ” said Brittanie Corner , 18 , a freshman at Malcolm X College .
“ Youth need jobs too .
For those of us in college , we have college fees .
We want our voice heard . ”
Nearly the entire generation of African American teenagers in Chicago is out of work .
In 2008 even before the current economic crisis only 15 percent of African American teens were working along with 30 percent of Latinos and 33 percent of whites .
Among 16 - to 24 - year - olds , 27 percent of Blacks and 17 percent of Latinos were out of school and work in 2008 .
Across the country over 5 million youth are out of work and school .
In 2009 , 60 percent of those who lost their jobs were youth .
Senate Bill 2929 would create 450,000 summer and full - time jobs nationwide for youth ages 14 - 24 , at the cost of only $ 1.5 billion .
The act provides job training and resources for youth and is seen as an economic stimulator .
“ This bill wo n’t solve the problem , but it will be an important start , ” said Paris Britton , 19 , a sophomore at Daley Community College .
“ I go to school full time and work full time just to support my house .
Without a job I do n’t know where I would be . ”
Justyna Obrzut came to the United States from Poland four years ago .
She is a 19 year - old student at Loyola College , which is increasing tuition by 4 percent next semester .
“ I need a job to afford it , ” she said .
“ My friends are all looking for work .
It ’s a bad situation . ”
City Clerk Dorothy Brown , who called for federal action , joined the youth .
“ Let them hear all the way to Washington D.C. that we want jobs !
Having jobs for young people will help save lives .
We need to be able to save you so you have a wonderful future . ”
“ If we get jobs we can get youth off the streets and away from gangs , ” said Tony Astorga from Little Village Lawndale High School .
“ They will actually care about school , get a better job and help out their families .
We need jobs where we can use the skills we learn in school . ”
The youth marched to Illinois Sen . Dick Durbin ’s office to deliver hundreds of postcards asking for passage of the bill .
They will travel to Springfield to introduce a similar bill in the state legislature as part of an ongoing campaign .
The Mikvah Challenge is a nonpartisan , nonprofit organization that involves youth in the electoral and legislative arena .
It is working with the Chicago LIFE Campaign , a coalition of youth serving programs in community centers across the city to build the movement for youth jobs .
Photo : PW / John Bachtell
Today , Outcast was released on retro downloadable games service Good Old Games .
It 's only $ 6 , so I 'm going to recommend it to almost everyone .
And not because it 's a good game .
Advertisement
No , the thing that struck me after returning to Adelpha was how ahead of its time it was , something you can only notice having left the game on the shelf for over ten years .
You boot it up and yes , the graphics are a little crude .
But only a little .
The game was released in 1999 , do n't forget , so those rough , pixellated edges can be excused .
Look past those ( and the game 's slightly iffy character models ) and you 'll find a world that 's , well , beautiful .
What you notice almost instantly , though , even before the graphics sink in , is how modern it plays .
It 's world feels ( relative for the time ) as open as Oblivion 's ( well , maybe Fallout 3's ) .
It has a smooth , capable camera system to help you navigate that world , better than anything Rockstar has managed in the intervening years .
Advertisement
The AI of your enemies is often frightening , as they team up , using both sight and , more impressively , sound , to take you down .
There are even impressive little gimmicks that I 've - sadly - rarely seen since , like your map unit actively scanning the environment in front of you ( a green wave passes over the terrain , slowly adding your surrounds to your map ) and the game 's save system being built around sound ; you equip an inventory device to save , and when activated , it beeps , which will alert nearby enemies .
Sticking with aural delights , the game even had a streaming orchestral soundtrack , performed by the Moscow Symphony Orchestra , which - sticking with the theme for the day - blows away most soundtracks you 'll find in games today .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Now , this is n't a review .
I 'm not going to sit here now and break down every single thing I love and hate about the game .
I just thought I 'd point out that - ironically for a game based around the premise of travelling to parallel worlds - if you felt like playing a 1999 game that plays like it's from 2009 , Outcast is a good one to get .
It just goes to show that to make a " modern " game , you do n't always have to sit down and come up with new ideas .
You can always find an old game that was ahead of its time - and went on to be largely ignored - and use those instead .
Lord knows it 's the least this amazing deserves !
And because it reaches so many people , because it is always with you , because it is cheap and sharable and easily repaired , the cellphone has opened a new frontier of global innovation .
Image IN DEMAND
At an electronics market in Lagos , Nigeria , cellphones appear in great profusion , as they do throughout poorer lands .
Credit ...
George Osodi / Associated Press
Babajob , in Bangalore , India , and Souktel , in the Palestinian territories , offer job - hunting services via text message .
Souktel allows users without Internet or fancy phones to register by texting information about themselves .
A user who then texts in “ match me ” will receive a listing of jobs suitable to her , including phone numbers to dial .
In Africa , the cellphone is giving birth to a new paradigm in money .
Plastic cards have become the reigning instruments of payment in the West , but projects like PesaPal and M - Pesa in Kenya are working to make the cellphone the hub of personal finance .
M- Pesa lets you convert cash into cellphone money at your local grocer , and this money can instantly be wired to anyone with a phone .
These efforts arise from a shortage of bank accounts in Africa .
But they create the possibility of peer - to - peer finance that could be useful even in wealthy countries — for example , allowing small businesses in rural areas to collect money without credit - card systems .
I called Western Union , the Colorado - based money - transfer service , to ask if I could send money to a mobile phone .
“ Basically , we do not have that kind of option right now , ” the agent told me .
An American company , Obopay , does offer phone - to - phone payments .
Its founder , Carol Realini , got the idea when volunteering in Africa .
The phone has also moved to the center of community life in many places .
In Africa , urban churches record sermons with cellphones , then transmit them to villages to be replayed .
In Iran and Moldova , phones helped to organize popular uprisings against authoritarian governments .
In India , the cellphone is used in citizen election monitoring , and in equipping voters , via text message , with information on candidates ’ incomes and criminal backgrounds .
Recognizing the role of cellphones in developing nations , the White House last year made a point of releasing President Obama ’s speech to the Muslim world , in Cairo , in 13 languages over text message .
It has made no similarly publicized gesture in the United States , even though not everyone has Internet access .
( The administration proposes to remedy that by widening broadband access . )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Gordon Brown has said he is determined to focus on the economy ahead of the last live TV debate , a day after he was overheard calling a voter " bigoted " .
He said he understood concerns about immigration but added : " Yesterday was yesterday , I want to talk about the future of the economy . "
He has apologised to Gillian Duffy , 66 , who had challenged him on immigration .
David Cameron and Nick Clegg are also focusing on the economy ahead of the BBC 's debate in Birmingham at 2030 BST .
The BBC's Nick Robinson said he expected a feisty performance from Mr Brown , who would be fighting not just for himself but also for the future of the Labour Party , amid fears the gaffe will sap morale and persuade people not to bother to vote .
' Double dip '
Meeting factory workers in Halesowen ahead of the debate on Thursday , Mr Brown was again challenged on immigration by an employee who told him it was " way too high " .
Mr Brown said : " I understand the worries people have about immigration , I understand the concerns about what is happening to people , neighbourhoods , and I understand the fears that people have . "
PRIME MINISTERIAL DEBATE
David Dimbleby , debate host No-one predicted the effect of these TV debates on the election .
We are in uncharted territory , with the polls so close and just a week to go .
Tonight 's debate in Birmingham is the last chance to see the issues debated as the key players challenge each other .
The last time the spectre of a hung parliament loomed so large was February 1974 .
I was reporting from Downing Street the day after that election when the answer to the question posed in that election - Who Governs Britain ? - had never been less clear .
Today the question of who will govern Britain a week from tomorrow is as vexed as it has been for a generation .
We hope tonight helps you decide where to put your cross .
The debate is on BBC One at 2030 BST , the BBC News website , BBC News Channel and Radio 4
How the BBC is covering debate " But we have taken action with this new points system and net migration to the United Kingdom is now coming down . "
He said he wanted to talk about the future of the economy and the dangers of a " double - dip " recession and said the " election will be about the economy and about public services " .
Mr Brown said he had used the " wrong word " when talking about Mrs Duffy and said he was " concerned " about controlling immigration .
Home Secretary Alan Johnson told the BBC Mr Brown was " under a great deal of pressure " - from dealing with the demands of the campaign as well as being PM - and had made a " dreadful mistake " .
Mr Brown has apologised to Mrs Duffy , who challenged the Labour leader on a variety of topics - including immigration from eastern Europe .
In comments caught on a microphone afterwards , Mr Brown called her a " bigoted woman " .
Mrs Duffy said she was " very upset " at the time , and has not commented since Mr Brown visited her home to apologise .
' Restore your trust ' Both Lib Dem leader Mr Clegg and Conservative leader Mr Cameron avoided commenting on the gaffe and focused on the debate .
Campaigning in Birmingham , Mr Clegg said he would be arguing Britain needed to do things differently to create " an economy which will work for you , where there are jobs and prosperity for everyone " .
' BIGOTED ' JIBE COVERAGE
Nick Robinson : ' That was a disaster ' Profile of the woman behind row Transcripts :
All the exchanges Analysis :
Why it matters
Your views on Brown 's comment
In pictures : how it unfolded Eyewitness : PM 's day of horror Brown 's apology to activists Pundits react to gaffe
But in a heated exchange he was challenged by student Maya Black , 26 , who told him his proposal to give unemployed youngsters more training amounted to only " a glorified piece of paper " if there were not any jobs to go to .
Mr Clegg said " nothing is worse " for young people than to leave them sitting at home , getting depressed because they cannot find a job .
On a visit to Birmingham Children 's Hospital to highlight his party 's plans to create a £ 200 m cancer drugs fund , Mr Cameron said he was nervous and there was " a lot riding " on the debate .
" It 's a very important moment in the election and I want to try to get across how we can build a better , stronger economy , that 's what it 's really about - the future , how we get jobs going , how we get business going . "
Meanwhile , the Labour Party say more economists have signed a letter opposing Conservative plans to find an extra £ 6bn cuts this year - bringing the total to 108 .
' Fiscal austerity '
They say it could tip the economy back into recession .
But the Tories say their plans are backed by more than 1,000 businesses and would allow them to avoid the bulk of Labour 's planned National Insurance rise next year .
The independent Institute for Fiscal Studies has said that all three of the biggest parties have not come " anywhere close " to making clear where they would make cuts to meet their targets on reducing the deficit .
And US economist David Hale told Australian television that Bank of England Governor Mervyn King had told him " whoever wins this election will be out of power for a whole generation because of how tough the fiscal austerity will have to be " .
BBC economics correspondent Hugh Pym said the Bank of England said Mr King met Mr Hale in March - not last week as the report implied - and spoke to many economists but conversations were private .
On Wednesday , the Scottish National Party failed in a legal bid to stop the debate being broadcast in Scotland , if they were not represented .
SNP leader Alex Salmond told the BBC it was " unfair to the SNP " and " unfair for Scotland " .
The debate is on BBC One at 2030 BST , the BBC News website , BBC News Channel and Radio 4 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The fate of Goldman Sachs , at least for now , is in the hands of a federal judge who made a name for herself as a prosecutor pursuing mafia cases .
The SEC 's civil case against Goldman , in which it accuses Goldman of defrauding customers who bought investments tied to risky mortgages , was wheeled out to Federal Judge Barbara S. Jones in the Southern District , on Friday ( and it will remain with her , unless for some reason the case get reassigned ) .
In ...
Mexico has sought to reassure tourists that its drug war rarely affects holiday resorts but the number of visitors to Acapulco is already down by nearly a quarter so far this year .
You do not need to pay any fees or costs to hire a workers compensation lawyer .
It 's not the law firm , it 's the lawyer .
Do not mistake advertising for knowledge and experience .
You do not need to pay any fees or costs to hire a workers compensation lawyer .
Not only does a Florida injured worker have the ability to hire a lawyer for no upfront fees or costs , but at the appropriate time , if the lawyer is paid fees or costs , all fees are approved by the client and the Judge of Compensation Claims .
This provides each client with an easy way to assure that they are happy with their lawyer .
It is my job to make sure you know what is happening in your case , why , and what we can do about it .
Call for a free consultation anytime .
Ever wonder what makes Lisp so powerful ?
Now you can find out for yourself -
Anyone who has ever learned to program in Lisp will tell you it is very different from any other programming language .
It is different in lots of surprising ways -
This comic book will let you find out how Lisp 's unique design makes it so powerful !
This tutorial was adapted for Clojure , an exciting new dialect of Lisp running on the Java Virtual Machine .
Clojure 's syntax and API resembles Common Lisp , but there are enough differences to write a dedicated version of this book .
Most of the time , we will say " Lisp " instead of " Clojure " , since most of the concepts presented apply to Lisp in general - we will point out the places where Clojure handles things a little different .
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Look closely at this amazing footage of a guy getting too close to a jet engine .
( the full story )
Look closely at this amazing footage of a guy getting too close to a jet engine .
( the full story )
BOSTON , April 24 / PRNewswire -USNewswire / --
Complications from transgender procedures may be significantly minimized when treatment of a patient with severe gender identity disorder begins prior to puberty , according to expert opinion today at the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists ( AACE ) 19th Annual Meeting & Clinical Congress .
( Logo : http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20090324/DC88061LOGO-b )
The reason , according to Dr. Norman Spack of Children 's Hospital Boston , is that transgender people treated at a younger age often have a much easier time adjusting into society than those who undergo treatment later in life .
A pediatric endocrinologist can administer treatment to delay puberty , giving the patient the time to make a permanent decision later in their teens .
" The body is in a state of ' pubertal limbo ' while the patient undergoes psychological assessment to determine the best course of action , " Dr. Spack said .
" Their bodies can't run away from them . "
During this window of opportunity patients are subject to psychological evaluation .
With puberty delayed , the patient 's medical team has the appropriate amount of time to make the proper diagnosis of the patient .
" We are no longer rushing to beat the patient 's biological clock , " Dr. Spack said .
" With time to make the right diagnosis , it 's best for the patient . "
Dr. Spack , who is an advocate for patients with gender identity disorders , said that he had his own misgivings about this controversial work , but all concerns went away when he saw the devastation extreme gender identity disorder caused in the adult world compared with the successes of treating adolescents in the Netherlands .
He currently treats more than 100 patients at Children 's Hospital Boston .
" We are beginning to see great success , " Dr. Spack said .
" Patients are n't trying to commit suicide , they 're bullied less at school , relationships are better , and mammoplastic surgery may not be necessary . "
Despite this , Dr. Spack acknowledged major barriers for treatment still exist .
Few pediatric endocrinologists have clinical experience treating transgender children or have interdisciplinary relationships with psychologists to evaluate gender identity .
" It 's a minefield for most pediatric endocrinologists , " Dr. Spack said .
" After all the recent criticism about sex assignment / surgery in newborns , they 're terrified of being wrong . "
But Dr. Spack hopes these obstacles can soon be overcome :
" By identifying and treating appropriate transgender patients early , they no longer have to deal with the difficulty of adjusting to incorrect sex attribution based on their physical appearance , " Dr. Spack .
" They are no longer a hostage to their bodies . "
To read additional press releases about the AACE 19th Annual Meeting & Clinical Congress in Boston , please visit media.aace.com or follow the Twitter hashtag # AACE10 .
To download a brief bio and photo of Dr. Spack , please click here .
About the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists ( AACE )
AACE is a professional medical organization with more than 6,000 members in the United States and 91 other countries .
AACE members are physicians who specialize in endocrinology , diabetes , and metabolism .
For more information about AACE , visit our Web site at www.aace.com, become a fan on Facebook at www.facebook.com/theaace or follow us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/theaace.
SOURCE American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists
The clever hacking of online advertisements has quietly grown into a multi-million dollar criminal industry showing no signs of slowing .
The big losers : online advertisers .
One of the fastest growing forms of this type of thievery is click fraud , specifically bot - net generated click fraud .
To understand what a lucrative endeavor this has become requires a basic grasp of how “ contextual ” advertising — ads that chase certain keywords — appear alongside search results and on blogs and web pages .
Contextual advertising 101
Advertisers pay for each click to those “ sponsored ” ads that appear alongside Google search results .
( Microsoft Bing and YahooSearch use similar systems to generate ad revenues . )
The advertisers bid for placement next to “ keywords ” that relate to their product or service .
This same “ keyword ” bidding process delivers those Google adSense ads that appear on hundreds of thousands of blogs and websites .
It ’s this latter arrangement that cyber gangs are intensively targeting .
U.S. companies paid a record $ 14.2 billion for paid keyword - driven contextual ads in 2009 , with Google commanding 55 % of that revenue , Yahoo 9 % and Microsoft 6 % , says tech research firm IDC .
Meanwhile , click fraud rates rose to 17.4 % to 29.4 % in the first three months of this year , according to separate estimates by Click Forensics and Anchor Intelligence , respectively .
That ’s up from 15.4 % to 25.7 % in the final three months of 2009 , according to the two leading suppliers of click fraud detection and filtering technology .
( The click fraud rates are derived from the fraudulent clicks filtered out by Click Forensics ’ and Anchors ’ respective technologies . )
“ The click fraud rate is rising because there are more dollars available for the taking now , ” says Anchor CEO Ken Miller .
“ Online advertising is nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t cute and new anymore , itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s ubiquitous .
Consequently , this growth can also make the system incredibly vulnerable because it invites in new levels of sophistication and technology from the fraudsters . ”
The simplest type of click - fraud occurs when someone puts up a webpage , signs up to become a Google adSense affiliate , and then clicks on the ads to collect the affiliate revenue .
Another form occurs when someone repeatedly clicks on the ads of a business rival to maliciously waste the rival ’s ad budget .
Botnet - driven attacks
But the exponential growth of click - fraud is being driven by automated attacks .
Cyber criminals have become adept at putting up web pages designed primarily to carry contextual ads , with no other content .
They sign up to become Google adSense affiliates and begin posting ads .
They then hire cyber gangs in control of massive networks of compromised PCs , called botnets , to click on the ads triggering payments from the advertisers , routed through Google .
Advertisers typically pay 30 cents to as much as $ 10 per click , depending on the keyword , industry sector and popularity of the webpage on which their ad appears , says Kevin Lee , CEO of search consultancy Didit.com .
For each dollar the advertiser pays for clicks , the search engine gets the full dollar if the click comes from a sponsored ad on a search results page .
But if the click routes through adSense ads on a blog or other webpage , Google typically keeps 25 cents , and the webpage owner gets 75 cents .
“ There are lots of ways for fraudsters to generate clicks , but the ones most concerning to the industry are the highly sophisticated and automated ones that can generate huge volumes of clicks , and huge fees , ” says Paul Pellman , CEO of click Forensics .
Other ways include work - from - home schemes that pay workers to click on ads , and click - farms set up with rooms full of people clicking on ads , says Pellman .
Last July , Radar Research ran a test of 11 different “ run-of - network ” ad campaigns .
These are “ remnant ” ads that are not routed through Google , Microsoft or Yahoo , but through smaller ad networks .
Radar found an astounding 95 % of clicks were fraudulent .
“ The test was fairly wide - ranging and statistically significant in terms of looking at the incidence of click fraud across these ad networks , ” says Marissa Gluck , managing director of Radar Research .
“ Artificially boosting clicks means advertisers are paying much more than they should and getting literally nothing in return .
It ’s theft – plain and simple . ”
Google , Yahoo and Microsoft take the problem of click fraud very seriously and are working hard to mitigate it , says Didit.com CEO Lee .
“ It can be hard to tell the difference between bona fide click fraud , a click from an innocent searcher who decided not to convert on an advertiserÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s website , a robotic click , or even one from a bot / virus infested computer , ” says Lee .
“ All are forms of clicks that donÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t convert , costing advertisers money that wonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t bring returns . ”
Google uses automated filters and lets advertisers the ability screen clicks through a system called AdWords Report Center .
Advertisers can dial up “ the exact number of clicks we are filtering out on each advertiser campaign , ” says Google spokeswoman Rachel Nearnberg .
Highly motivated scammers
But stopping click - fraud is proving as difficult as stopping e-mail spam ; and click - fraud artists may be more highly motivated .
“ Spam generates a few cents per thousand emails sent , but a click - fraud criminal may make several dollars per thousand fraudulent clicks , ” says Gunter Ollmann , research director at security firm Damballa .
Botnets , both specialized and generic , are being used to conduct click fraud .
Here ’s how Ollmann describes it :
Criminals can rent or purchase an existing botnet ( with all of its centralized command and control already in place ) and then install a specialized click - fraud tool or agent on these bot - infected victims .
This specialized agent is designed to use either a predefined list of URLÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s or a series of customized scripts , and perform an automated sequence of virtual Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ clicksÃ¢â‚
¬
Â  on any advertising that may be on those pages .
Some click - fraud agents will simply replay a long list of HTTP GET requests without even using the Web browser present on the bot victims computer .
Many techniques have been developed by advertizing companies to detect click - fraud .
However there is an escalating arms - war between the fraudsters and the detectors .
This armÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s war parallels that of spam , with the criminals constantly switching to the next Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ low hanging fruitÃ¢â ‚ ¬
Â rather than a linear tit - for - tat progression ( as seen in malware evasion / detection ) .
This means that tactics change rapidly – probably faster than that of spam campaigns – because there appears to be more money involved .
While spam may generate a few cents per thousand emails sent , a click - fraud criminal may make several dollars per thousand fraudulent clicks .
Click fraud is just one way advertisers are getting ripped off , says Harvard professor Ben Edelman , an online advertising and privacy expert .
There is a whole cottage industry of “ typo- squatters . ”
These crooks intentionally register misspellings of popular website addresses .
So anybody who mistypes a URL trying to get to a major advertisers home page , will end up at the crook ’s page , generating a payment to the scammer .
Beyond that cyber criminals have developed ways to receive payments for pop-up ads , spyware and adware that really does n’t return any benefit to the paying advertiser .
“ Advertisers are buying through a channel that was promised to be highly accountable and transparent , ” says Edelman .
“ In fact , time and time again advertisers find themselves overcharged for things they never agreed to pay for . ”
By Byron Acohido
April 23rd , 2010 | For consumers |
For technologists | Imminent threats
Gulf of Mexico oil slick said to be five times bigger
Vessels swept some oil into a fire - resistant boom for a " test burn "
The US Coast Guard says five times as much oil as previously thought could be leaking from a well beneath where a rig sank in the Gulf of Mexico last week .
Rear Admiral Mary Landry said 5,000 barrels ( 210,000 gallons ) a day were now thought to be gushing into the sea 50 miles ( 80 km ) off Louisiana 's coast .
A third leak had also been discovered at the site , Adm Landry said .
One fire - fighting expert told the BBC the disaster might become the " biggest oil spill in the world " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Probably the only thing comparable to this is the Kuwait fires [ following the Gulf War in 1991 ] , " Mike Miller , head of Canadian oil well fire - fighting company Safety Boss , told BBC World Service .
" The Exxon Valdez [ tanker disaster off Alaska in 1989 ] is going to pale [ into insignificance ] in comparison to this as it goes on . "
If US Coast Guard estimates are correct , the slick could match the 11 m gallons spilt from the Exxon Valdez within less than two months .
Earlier , a coast guard crew set fire to part of the oil slick , in an attempt to save environmentally fragile wetlands .
The " controlled burn " of surface oil took place in an area about 30 miles ( 50 km ) east of the Mississippi river delta , officials said .
But Mike Miller warned that burning off leaking oil was not a long - term solution at all .
" The object of this game is to shut off the flow , " he said .
Engineers are believed to be working on a dome - like device to cover oil rising to the surface and pump it to container vessels but it may be weeks before this is in place .
ANALYSIS Andy Gallacher , BBC News , Venice , Louisiana Despite efforts to burn off the oil , the crews here are now battling against the odds .
The US Coast Guard 's discovery of another leak spewing oil from the collapsed rig has many here bracing for an environmental disaster on a huge scale .
An estimated 5,000 barrels of oil a day are now pouring into the Gulf of Mexico and forecasters say a new weather front could push the slick towards this coastline at an even faster rate .
The state of Louisiana is now asking for emergency assistance as the oil slick draws closer .
It now seems inevitable that Louisiana 's coastline will be hit and at least another two states could be affected .
Weather forecasters have meanwhile warned that changing winds could drive the oil slick ashore by Friday night .
Adm Landry said experts from the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) had increased their estimate for the leak based on aerial surveys , applying dispersants , studying the trajectory of the slick , local weather conditions , and other factors .
" This is not an exact science when we estimate the amount of oil .
However , the NOAA is telling me now they 'd prefer we use at least 5,000 barrels a day , " she told reporters in New Orleans .
Adm Landry also said she had been told of " a new location of an additional breach in the riser of the deep underwater well " , about 5,000 ft ( 1,525 m ) under the surface .
President Barack Obama had been briefed on the new developments , and the government had offered to have the defence department help contain the spill , she added .
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal has requested emergency assistance from the federal government .
" Our top priority is to protect our citizens and the environment .
These resources are critical to mitigating the impact of the oil spill on our coast , " he said in a statement .
The oil slick currently has a circumference of about 600 miles ( 970 km ) and covers about 28,600 sq miles ( 74,100 sq km ) .
Its leading edge is now only 20 miles ( 32 km ) east of the mouth of the Mississippi .
The first of the leaks causing it were found on Saturday , four days after the Deepwater Horizon platform , to which the pipe was attached , exploded and sank .
Eleven workers are missing and presumed dead after the worst oil rig disaster in almost a decade .
OIL SPILL DISASTERS 1991 : 520 m gallons were deliberately released from Iraqi oil tankers during the first Gulf War to impede the US invasion 1979 : 140 m gallons were spilt over nine months after a well blow - out in the Bay of Campeche off Mexico 's coast 1979 : 90 m gallons leaked from a Greek oil tanker after it collided with another ship off the coast of Trinidad 1983 : 80 m gallons leaked into the Gulf over several months after a tanker collided with a drilling platform 1989 : 11 m gallons were spilt into Alaska 's Prince William Sound in the Exxon Valdez disaster
Richard Black 's blog
In pictures : Efforts to contain leak On Tuesday Adm Landry , who is in charge of the clean - up effort , warned that work on sealing the leaking well using robotic submersibles might take months , and that the coast guard would attempt to set light to much of the oil .
With the spill moving towards Louisiana 's coast , which contains some 40 % of the nation 's wetlands and spawning grounds for countless fish and birds , she said a " controlled burn " of oil contained by special booms could limit the impact .
Environmental experts say animals nearby might be affected by toxic fumes , but perhaps not as much as if they were coated in oil .
On Wednesday afternoon , two vessels dispatched by the coast guard and the British oil company BP - which had hired the sunken rig - swept the thickest concentrations of oil into a fire - resistant boom .
They then towed it to a five - mile " burn zone " set up inside the slick , where it was set alight shortly before nightfall and allowed to burn .
If the test is deemed successful , BP is expected to continue the controlled burns as long as the weather conditions are favourable .
Possible solutions BP says it has not been able to activate a device known as a blow - out preventer , designed to stop oil flow in an emergency .
HAVE YOUR SAY People can prevent a number of environmental disasters .
Valeriia Doug Suttles , the chief operating officer for exploration and production at BP , said it had not yet given up on engaging the valve , but was considering other possible solutions .
The idea of placing a dome directly over the leaks has only been done in shallow water before and is still two to four weeks from being operational .
BP will also begin drilling a " relief well " intersecting the original well , but it is also experimental and could take two to three months to stop the flow .
Forty - nine vessels - oil skimmers , tugboats barges and special recovery boats that separate oil from water - were working to round up oil , BP said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Advertisements
On his radio show today , Glenn Beck finally seems to have gone off the cliff as he not only claimed that God has given him a plan , but also he is carrying out God ’s will and anger .
Beck told his listeners that they it is God ’s will that they get behind him and follow him .
He said , “ When we were starting the TV show there are things that I did that I would n’t do now because I had to be more of an entertainer . ”
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Beck asked , “ Are you here to relax and be entertained , or are you here , will you pick up the mantle left to you by the Founders to a guardian of man ’s freedom ?
Will you do it , because your children will ask you what did you do ?
I believe your God will ask you what did you do ?
… God is giving a plan I think to me that is not really a plan …
The problem is that I think the plan that the Lord would have us follow is hard for people to understand …
Because of my track record with you who have been here for a long time .
Because of my track record with you , I beg of you to help me get this message out , and I beg of you to pray for clarity on my part .
Advertisements
He then unveiled “ The Plan , ” The plan that he would have me articulate , I think to you is get behind me , and I do n’t mean me , I mean him .
Get behind me .
Stand behind me , I truly believe I have done years now of reading the Founders , the diaries , their letters , the Pilgrims , their diaries their letters .
I ’ve read the first hand letters .
I ’ve held them in my hand .
The exchanges between the Founders , I have held their actual letters in my hand .
I have seen it with my own eyes and I will tell you that God was instrumental and they knew it .
They knew that had very little to do with it .
They just stood where they were supposed to stand , and they said the things that they were supposed to say as he directed … but that ’s what he is asking us to do is to stand peacefully , quietly with anger , quiet with anger , loudly with truth . ”
Beck then disavowed his status as an entertainer , “ When we were , and I ’ve never told this story before , when we were starting the TV show , there were things that I did that I would n’t do now because I had to be more of an entertainer to get people to go what is this show at five o’clock ?
I never said anything I did n’t believe , but I may have said things in an entertaining fashion . ”
Beck also claimed that God led him to attack Van Jones .
Beck is correct .
He is no longer an entertainer .
Instead he is morphing into a political cult leader who is intent on overthrowing our government in the name of the Founding Fathers .
In typical cult leader fashion Beck starts out by claiming that although he is not God , he is doing God ’s will , which is why people should follow him .
Beck believes that the Founding Fathers were guided by God , but it is too bad that the Founding Fathers did n’t believe that they were being guided by God .
Thomas Jefferson said , “ Question with boldness even the existence of a god . ” ( letter to Peter Carr , 10 August 1787 ) .
James Madison said , “ During almost fifteen centuries has the legal establishment of Christianity been on trial .
What have been its fruits ?
More or less in all places , pride and indolence in the Clergy , ignorance and servility in the laity ; in both , superstition , bigotry and persecution . ”
The 1779 Treaty of Tripoli stated that , “ ” As the Government of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion ; as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws , religion , or tranquility , of Musselmen ; and as the said States never have entered into any war or act of hostility against any Mehomitan nation , it is declared by the parties that no pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption of the harmony existing between the two countries . ”
Beck ’s goal is to do away with the separation of church and state .
He appears to want nothing less than a Christian theocracy governing the United States .
He has been amping up his statements for months , and this is why it is foolish for the left to simply dismiss Beck as an entertainer .
He has other goals , lots of other goals , and every single one of them is bad for democracy and America .
All Founding Father quotes courtesy of http://www.sullivan-county.com/nf0/dispatch/fathers_quote2.htm
WSWS verifies Massey ’s threat to fire miners who took off work to attend funerals
By Samuel Davidson
21 April 2010
Coverage in the World Socialist Web Site of the April 5 disaster at Massey Energy ’s Upper Big Branch mine in Montcoal , West Virginia , which killed 29 miners , has aroused considerable interest and even controversy .
On April 12 , in an article on the first funerals held for the dead workers , the WSWS explained that miners told our reporters that Massey Energy had refused to allow miners at the company time off to attend the funerals of their co-workers .
The article reported further : “ Massey Energy told employees that if they miss work to attend the funerals they would be fired , workers said .
A Massey worker from another mine , who did not give his name because he is afraid of losing his job , said that his coworkers were outraged that they were not given time off to mourn their friends and brothers . ”
( See “ Families begin to bury 29 killed in West Virginia explosion ” )
Revealing that the tragic episode in West Virginia has evoked deep feelings in the American population , the WSWS article was widely circulated and reposted or linked on the Internet .
Many readers expressed outrage over Massey ’s blatant disregard for safety that led to the disaster , as well as the refusal of the giant company to give their employees time off to mourn .
Some commentators were especially shocked at Massey ’s threat to fire an employee if he or she did attend a funeral , and even questioned whether such a report could possibly be true .
Although we were quite confident in the story , based on the comments of miners , the WSWS has sought to confirm our report .
As part of that effort , we have attempted to speak with Massey Energy officials , without success .
On April 15 , Massey did issue a press release denying another news report that the company was meeting with families of the dead miners , offering them benefits in exchange for settling legal claims .
While the statement asserts the company is not requiring anyone “ to agree to any settlement ” to receive the benefits , it made clear that Massey ’s aim is to settle with miners ’ families without involving “ personal injury lawyers . ”
It appears that Massey may have hired a public relations or law firm to communicate with both families and the media .
When anyone now dials the main telephone number listed on Massey ’s web site , the switchboard operator gives him or her another number to call .
This reporter left several messages on both Monday and Tuesday , but no one has responded .
On the part of miners and their families , there seems to be no question about the truth of the WSWS report .
Those we spoke to — who did not want to be identified , for fear of victimization — confirmed that Massey would not allow miners at its other mines time off to attend the funerals .
Surviving miners from the Upper Big Branch ( UBB ) mine have been assigned to work in some of Massey ’s other operations in the area .
One young Massey miner , who initially worked at the UBB mine , but currently works at another company operation , explained to the WSWS that the miners had first been told that Massey would allow them to have the day off to attend funerals , but then were told they would n’t be given the time .
“ I knew a lot of men that worked in that mine .
I knew a lot of those who were killed .
They were the people that taught me how to be a coal miner .
“ I wanted to go to one of their funerals .
At first Massey said that we could go , but then they said that we could n’t .
They told us ‘ we ’ve got to run coal today . ’ ”
Another unemployed miner confirmed that his neighbor , a Massey miner whose uncle was killed in the explosion , was told that he would be fired if he took off to go to the funeral .
“ This is no surprise to me , ” he said .
“ This is how Massey treats its miners . ”
Every day , he said , a miner is told to do things that the company knows is not safe , or ‘ Get your bucket and get out . ’ ”
Another reader who has lived in the area for years , wrote “ This decision of Massey to NOT let miners take time off is a really big deal around here . ”
One reason why the WSWS reported Massey ’s policy on time off for the funerals , and other media outlets did not , is because our reporters actually spoke to miners and communicated what they had to say .
Moreover , as opposed to the establishment media , we report the truth .
( For a contrast , read the Charleston [ West Virginia ] Daily Mail ’s sycophantic interview with Massey CEO Don Blankenship , which essentially offers him a platform to boast about the company ’s generosity toward the dead miners ’ families . )
In any event , no one familiar with Massey ’s modus operandi could be shocked that company officials took such an inhuman position .
The Upper Big Branch mine in Montcoal had amassed more than 600 safety citations in the 18 months prior to the April 5 disaster .
Many of these violations involved improper ventilation , violations of escape plans , and unsafe build - up of coal dust .
Safety inspectors had found safety so poor that they ordered miners out of the mine , or parts of the mine , 54 times in 2009 , an average of more than once a week , and another seven times so far this year .
Mine Safety and Health Administration ( MSHA ) officials never attempted to place the mine on the “ pattern of violations ” list , which would have meant stronger enforcement .
In fact , a loophole written into the rules under the Bush administration , but left intact by the Obama administration , allows the company to appeal its citations to avoid paying fines or being considered as having established a “ pattern of violations . ”
“ All the company does is appeal the violations , ” said one miner .
“ When you do get an inspector who is very tough and demands the company fixes things , he gets transferred out of here . ”
Miners and others painted a picture of a company that operates without the slightest regard for its workers , or the people who live in the community .
All those we spoke to expressed concern that Massey would retaliate against them or against their relatives for going on record against the company .
The eight - hour day no longer exists at Massey .
Workers ’ normal shifts are 10 and 12 hours , and it is not uncommon for miners to be forced to work longer — if you refuse , you will be fired .
“ We are heading back to the portal , it is already the end of our shift , and the boss will stop us and say there has been a rock fall that needs cleaned up .
You just had the roof collapse and they make you clean it up , without any roof support or anything , ” said one miner .
“ Several times , ” said a young Massey miner who used to work at the UBB mine .
“ They made us work 16 - hour and 18 - hour shifts .
One time , the belt was covered with coal and we had to get the coal out of the mine .
So they just said that you had to work until the belt was clean . ”
A couple who live near the UBB mine said that every day after work they can see two or three cars parked on the side of the road with miners sleeping in them , “ They ’re just too tired to drive home . ”
There are often accidents on the road , they said , for the same reason .
Miners also reported that Massey routinely overrides gas warning devices and ignores alarms when they do go off .
“ I ’ve seen machines where the sniffers have been bridged , ” said one miner .
( A sniffer is a device that samples the air for methane and will shut a machine down if it finds too much .
Bridging it means the device has been bypassed . )
“ And others that have had a bag put over them . ”
Another miner described how his crew ’s spotters , devices miners carry to detect methane , all went off one time when they got out of the elevator , but were told to turn them off , so ‘ they do n’t bother you . ’
Behind each of these violations was the threat that a miner would be fired if he did n’t go along with the company .
Another common complaint is that Massey does not train young miners .
New miners are never hired directly by the company , but first must work for a contractor .
A miner has to prove that he will do whatever he is told before getting hired by Massey .
“ Massey is all there is around here , they own this place , ” said a company miner .
“ There are a few other mines , like ICG [ International Coal Group ] , but they are basically all the same .
That is all there is for people to work at around here .
“ It ’s crazy to work for them .
But what can you do ?
I went to live in North Carolina for a while , Ohio , and even Florida for a bit .
But you could n’t make a living .
When we were about to have our first baby , we moved back here .
“ I work , I have to support my family .
I roofed houses for a while when I was in North Carolina , I got paid $ 9 an hour .
After taxes and things , I was taking home $ 200 a week .
I could n’t support a family on that . ”
Massey ’s disregard for the safety of the miners extends to the people who live in the area .
Many residents complain that Massey ’s mining practices are poisoning the ground water and leading to a high incidence of cancer and other illnesses .
A WSWS reader wrote in about the danger represented by the slurry ponds in which Massey dumps its waste .
Massey owns the Brushy Fork Impoundment in West Virginia , which holds 8.2 billion gallons of toxic coal waste , the largest such impoundment in North America .
“ In their own words , 996 people would die , ” if the dam were to break , writes our reader , “ and the number could be much higher .
They are currently blasting within 200 feet of the impoundment . ”
Massey operates another slurry pond that sits over an elementary school .
Another day of volunteering at Rikers Island with the NYPL has come to a close .
Thursday I went to one of the male detention houses along with my mentor and two other staff members from NYPL .
We were there for " book cart service , " which is a little different than what I remember from Shawshank Redemption .
We delivered books to both solitary confinement and two different " houses , " which are the names of blocks within the building .
The inmates in solitary confinement are allowed to request books off a list , so we filled these requests from the " library " within this particular building , which was really just two tall shelves of paperback books in the back of the Chaplain 's office .
We felt like Indiana Jones capturing the golden statue when we found a book one of the prisoners had requested .
Usually the titles were listed on their slips of paper as Cold Moon .
That 's it .
No author , just words .
If we could n't find one of the prisoner 's specific books ( they can request three and we try to find one of them ) we will substitute something simliar , same author , plot , etc .
Two prisoners had requested Che Guevara 's Guerilla Warfare , so as a substitue I found The Motorcycle Diaries , complete with a picture of Gael Garcia Bernal on the cover .
All the books were piled up on a rolling cart that we first took to solitary confinement .
Solitary is also known as the " Bing , " although no one we talked to knew exactly how it got that name .
Along with an armed guard we delivered the requested books , one magazine , and some free newspapers from the city to each of the solitary cells .
Most of the men were sleeping , a few said thank you , and it was altogether less dramatic than I thought it was going to be .
The prisoner who requested Guerilla Warfare though , was less than happy with his substitution , and refused to take it .
Perhaps Gael Garcia
Bernal 's teen idol good looks were not the image of rugged rebel resistance he'd had in mind .
After our insistence that it was the same person and a reminder that we would n't be back for two weeks he decided to take the book , although I 'm not entirely sure he 's going to read it .
After the Bing , we took our cart to Houses 4 and 6 .
One thing that was very evident as we walked down the hallway was that the library service was well - liked , well - used , and in - demand .
Most of the prisoners who walked by us ( in between a red line painted on the floor and the wall ) asked if they could have a book , or if we were coming to their house or not .
Sometimes the decision to provide book service to a house is dependent on whether or not they have the desire to return books , but more often it is because there are over ten thousand prisoners on Rikers Island and one single Correctional Services Librarian .
That 's a pretty large patron base .
Getting books back from the prisoners and letting them pick out new ones is a bit of controlled chaos .
We stood outside the iron door to the house with our cart and had two prisoners come out at one time , check off their returned book , and pick out a new one .
Each prisoner is allowed one book and one magazine .
The most popular books are by far James Patterson 's novels , so popular in fact that we have to lock them up after book service because they tend to disappear .
I wonder if James Patterson has any idea .
National Geographic is the magazine of choice , and there is an entire box of them to choose from , some as far back as the early 80's .
Urban magazines and books were in high demand , with almost no supply .
Everything is done by hand .
The prisoners hand me their picture ID and I copy down their number along with the title of book they chose .
Later this will be printed up by one of the NYPL staff members and checked off as books are returned .
With zero Pattersons left on our cart and four houses served , we brought the book cart back to the Chaplain 's office , unloaded , locked the books up , and checked out of the facility before roll call .
One more day on Rikers Island left .
Shipping the premium beer farther away
Holger Görg , László Halpern , Balázs Muraközy
Why are the prices of exports higher for countries that are further away – even when transport costs are excluded ?
This column suggests that this is partly because firms choose to ship out their best quality goods , just like a brewery with its “ export ” brands .
Export prices are frequently interpreted as reflecting the quality of a nation ’s exports .
Hummels and Klenow ( 2005 ) , for example , showed that richer countries export the same good at somewhat higher prices than less rich ones .
More recently , we have seen that the same country charges different prices for the same product in different destination markets .
This variation is not random , Baldwin and Harrigan ( 2007 ) show that prices charged by a country for a particular good are positively related to distance between the exporting and importing country .
Naturally , this result would not be surprising at all for export prices including transportation cost – but these studies always build on “ free - on - board ” prices that exclude transportation , insurance costs and customs duties .
At first glance , it is not clear why these prices should be in any relationship with distance , let alone a strong positive correlation .
Why do export prices differ ?
There are two different theoretical explanations for this phenomenon .
The simpler one is that the same firm charges different prices in different markets because of , for example , the varying intensiveness of competition across markets ( for example Melitz and Ottaviano 2008 ) .
In particular , any exporting firm is in a disadvantaged position compared to local firms in a far away country ; the farther away the country , the larger this competitive disadvantage .
As a result , firms should absorb part of the transportation cost in their free - on - board prices to remain competitive in far away export markets .
This argument predicts a negative relationship between distance and within - firm export prices .
The second explanation starts from the idea of self - selection , in the fashion of the heterogeneous firm literature .
Firms producing higher quality ( and more expensive ) goods are more likely to export to distant markets .
This leads to a composition effect .
As on average higher quality goods are exported to more distant markets , the observed average price will also be increasing in the distance between the two trading countries even if all individual firms charge the same price across export markets , as Baldwin and Harrigan ( 2007 ) argue .
Within - firm price differences
Bilateral and country level trade data are not suitable to distinguish between these two explanations .
However , with the help of recently available firm - product - destination level trade datasets , it is possible to follow individual firms ’ export prices , and compare their characteristics to average export prices .
In recent research ( Görg et al. 2010 ) we exploit Hungarian customs data to shed light on this question .
This dataset includes both quantities and export receipts , so we can calculate export unit values which are interpreted as export prices .
We normalised unit values by using their mean for every product to make them comparable across products .
These normalised unit values show the price charged by a firm in a destination market relative to the average price charged for that product by all Hungarian firms in all export markets .
1
Before going down to the firm - level , we checked the aggregated pattern to relate our results to earlier works .
In Figure 1 we show the aggregate relationship between distance and these normalised unit values , averaged for each of Hungary ’s top 100 destination markets over all firms and products .
The positive relationship between distance and average export prices , documented for a large sample of countries by Baldwin and Harrigan ( 2007 ) is replicated .
A simple regression shows that export prices are 12 % higher when distance from Hungary is doubled .
Figure 1 .
The relationship between average Hungarian export prices and distance .
Note :
The size of the circles is proportional to total export volume .
This aggregated result does not allow to infer , whether it is an outcome of selection or within - firm price differences .
This requires a different normalisation , using the average price at the firm - product level .
Figure 2 shows how the price of the firm in one market differs from its own average price in all markets .
The pattern of these prices reveals whether firms charge different prices for the same product in different markets .
2
The relationship is clearly ( and significantly ) positive .
The slope of the fitted line , however , is only 5.5 % compared to 12 % for the aggregated data .
Given that firms charge higher prices for the same product in more distant markets , the difference between the slopes should be the consequence of selection .
Figure 2 .
The relationship between within - firm price differences and distance .
Note :
The size of the circles is proportional to total export volume .
A high quality beer might solve the problem
The positive relationship between within - firm export prices and distance calls for further investigation .
The Melitz - Ottaviano ( 2008 ) model mentioned above , where firms absorb transportation costs partly , predicts a negative relationship .
So how can our finding explained ?
One possibility is that firms ship the good apple out , as Alchian and Allen ( 1964 ) argued in a slightly different context .
If transportation costs are a function of the physical quantity of products rather than their value , then firms will export higher quality products than sold in the domestic market .
This requires that firms are able to differentiate their own goods even within quite narrow product categories .
Imagine a brewery .
It sells its low quality products to domestic consumers and exports them to nearby markets , and ships the premium brand to both nearby and far away markets .
This leads to a within - firm composition effect .
On average higher quality beer arrives to more distant markets .
The same brewery may try to build a different image for the same beer in different countries .
Maybe it is optimal to position it to a mass market category with its low marginal cost at home ; but the firm may try to present it as an exotic , high - value variety in far - away countries , where marginal cost includes high transportation costs .
This example may also fit with other research because we cannot exclude that some firms ’ free - on - board prices include a part of the mark - up on the transportation cost .
Moreover , within - firm price differences are not significant for homogeneous goods , what gives some credibility to the quality driven pricing .
Conclusions
Firms charge different prices for the same product in different international markets .
But while trade theorists are developing models that can reflect this diversity , current models at hand do not square with our empirical results either qualitatively or quantitatively .
The most intricate issue is how the geographical distance between countries – a proxy for transportation costs – affects export prices .
We have found that properly defined and measured within - firm export prices are in positive relation with distance .
This calls for new approaches and models to separate the effects caused by quality pricing and price discrimination .
Footnotes
1 Though the dataset consists of information for several years , we have chosen 2003 for this analysis .
The results are similar for other years .
Also , we have included only direct exports by manufacturing firms , as trade theories are most relevant for this sector .
One product in these data is a 6 - digit Harmonised System category .
2 This figure only shows firm - product combinations with at least 6 observations .
References
Alchian , Armen A and William R. Allen ( 1964 ) , University Economics , Belmont CA : Wadsworth Publishing Company .
Baldwin , Richard E and James Harrigan ( 2007 ) , “ Zeros , Quality and Space : Trade Theory and Trade Evidence ” , CEPR Discussion Paper 6368 .
Görg , Holger , László Halpern , and Balázs Muraközy ( 2010 ) , “ Why do within firm - product export prices differ across markets ? ” , CEPR Discussion Paper 7708 .
Hummels , David and Peter J Klenow ( 2005 ) : “ The Variety and Quality of a Nation ’s Exports ” , American Economic Review , 95(3):704-723 .
Melitz , Marc J and Gianmarco I P Ottaviano ( 2008 ) , “ Market size , Trade and Productivity ” , Review of Economic Studies , 75 ( 1 ) : 295-316 .
Quite often , I find myself in a situation where I need to figure out which files on my Web server were modified recently .
For instance , when I make updates to the development version of my Web site and decide I ’m ready to copy those changes over to the production site , I need to find out for sure which files I modified .
This is actually a very simple process when using a * nix - based Web server , assuming you have secure shell ( SSH ) access .
Obviously , these instructions apply to any * nix - based operating system ( I ’m assuming they also work on Mac , but have not tested ) , not just Web servers .
To do so , we ’ll use the “ find ” shell command .
Find is a pretty powerful and universal search command for Linux / Unix .
The Unix “ find ” command offers a lot of really nice options and switches to control what exactly you ’re searching for .
The main one we ’re going to use is the - mtime switch , which , as you would imagine , finds files based on their “ mtime ” property .
I found a nice tutorial that explains the differences between “ atime , ” “ ctime ” and “ mtime ” if you ’re looking for more information on those three terms .
As I said , though , for the purposes of this article , we ’re just going to focus on the “ mtime ” property for our files .
The - mtime ( likewise the - atime and - ctime ) switch expects the time interval you provide to be a number of “ days ” ( 24 - hour periods ) .
You can enter the parameter in one of three ways :
preceded by a plus sign (+ ) , which indicates that you are searching for files that were modified longer ago than the provided time interval .
preceded by a minus sign ( - ) , which indicates that you are searching for files that were modified more recently than the provided time interval .
not preceded by any symbol , which indicates that you are searching for files that were modified at exactly the time interval you provided .
For instance , if you wanted to search for files that were modified at least three days ago , you would use +3 as your - mtime value .
If you wanted to search for files that were modified within the last three days , you would use - 3 as your - mtime value .
Finally , if you wanted to find files that were modified exactly three days ago , you would just use the number 3 as your - mtime value .
Let ’s look at the full command you might use for each of those examples ( shown in the order they were mentioned above ) :
$ find / home / user / Documents / - mtime +3 $ find / home / user / Documents / - mtime - 3 $ find / home / user / Documents / - mtime 3
Now , let ’s say that you want to search for files that were modified within the last 30 days , and you want to save that list in a file that you can download and view on your computer .
That ’s where the STDIN and STDOUT concepts of Unix come into play .
You can redirect the output from the terminal into any file you choose by simply appending a right angle - bracket after the command , followed by the location of the file you want to store the output in .
Warning :
If the specified output file already exists , it will be overwritten with the output from this command .
For this situation , your command would look something like :
$ find / home / user / Documents / - mtime -30 >/home/user/find.log.txt
Now , let ’s examine a situation where you only want to find PHP files that have been modified in the last 30 days , and then save that list to your “ find.log.txt ” file .
That would look something like :
$ find / home / user / Documents / - iname " *.php " - mtime - 30 >/home/user/find.log.txt
You can find more information about searching for files according to their modification , access or change time , and some other neat things you can do with the “ find ” command in a blog post I found on nixCraft .
The Changelist
The changelist remembers the position of every change that can be undone .
You can move back and forwards through the changelist using the commands :
g ; g ,
You can view the contents of the changelist by running the command :
: changes
The Jumplist
Vim also maintains a jumplist , remembering each position to which the cursor jumped , rather than scrolled .
You can move backwards and forwards through the jumplist with the commands :
ctrl - O ctrl - I
You can view the contents of the jumplist by issuing the command :
: jumps
When you are browsing Vim ’s documentation , you can follow the link under the cursor with the command :
ctrl -]
Further reading
A vast carpet of underwater microbes that covers an area as big as Greece has been discovered on the seabed off the west coast of South America .
Scientists believe the microbes could be directly descended from some of the earliest life forms to have evolved on Earth .
The discovery is part of a series of astonishing finds made since 2000 as part of the decade - long Census of Marine Life , an international project by more than 2,000 scientists from 80 countries to explore the largely unknown life which inhabits the oceans .
The " microbial mat " lives in a deep layer of seawater that is deprived of both light and oxygen and seems to have survived by " eating " hydrogen sulphide and " breathing " nitrates .
It could represent a present - day community of organisms descended from primitive microbes which first evolved about 3 billion years ago , when there was no oxygen on the planet .
Scientists said they were taken aback by the spectacle when the first images of the microbial mat appeared on the television screens from video cameras on board a submersible robot , which had been lowered into the deep ocean to explore the continental shelf off the coasts of Chile and Peru .
" It was like a big carpet of white grass with filaments sticking out and waving in the water , said Victor Gallardo , a Chilean scientist on the expedition .
" It looks like a carpet lying on the seabed , separating the underlying sediment from the overlying water , " he added .
Initial tests showed the microbial mat is composed of a community of micro-organisms adapted to growing under extreme hypoxia , when there is little or no oxygen .
It is the same kind of conditions that existed before the evolution of the first photosynthetic algae , which were able to convert carbon dioxide into oxygen .
" The microbes in the mat play around with very simple stuff , such as hydrogen sulphide and nitrates .
They use nitrates in the water as we would use oxygen and they take the sulphide as their food , " Dr Gallardo said .
Scientists estimate that the mat extends over vast areas of the seabed in this region of the ocean , covering a territory roughly the size of Greece .
Explorers have found them off the central and northern parts of both Chile and Peru , and they have also been detected in sulphur - rich waters off the Galapagos islands , Ecuador and Panama .
The largest filaments of the mats are about half the width of a human hair and are composed of individual microbial cells organised into long multicellular strands that are white because of a build - up of sulphate salts in the living tissue .
The bacteria within the mats are some of the biggest known .
" For most of the time in the history of the world , most of the ocean was anoxic so these species probably dominated the planet for hundreds of millions of years , " said Professor Ron O'Dor , chief scientist on the Census of Marine Life and a marine biologist at Dalhousie University in Halifax , Canada .
" The DNA in these micro-organisms has probably been alive for longer than anything else on the planet , " he added .
The Census of Marine Life , which publishes its final report in October , has discovered that there are many more species of microbe living in the oceans than previously thought – in 2000 there was thought to be about 20,000 species of marine microbe but now the number is nearer to 20 million , Professor O'Dor said .
Marine biologists working on the Census have estimated that the total weight of marine microbial life – the biomass – is equivalent to 240 billion African elephants .
This is about 35 " elephants " of marine microbes per person living in the world .
" In no other realm of ocean life has the magnitude of Census discovery been as extensive as in the world of microbes .
Scientists are discovering and describing an astonishing new world of marine microbial diversity and abundance , distribution patterns and seasonal changes , " said Mitch Sogin , the leader of the International Census of Marine Microbes .
" The extreme diversity and curious distribution of deep - sea microbes are among the great mysteries of nature , and begs the question about the evolution of life on Earth , " he added .
In the 1950s marine biologists estimated that there were about 100,000 microbial cells inhabiting a single litre of seawater .
More recent estimates suggest the true number is nearer to 1 billion microbes per litre .
Samples taken from the deep seabed have revealed an astonishing variety of life .
" Far from being a lifeless desert , the deep sea rivals such highly diverse ecosystems as tropical rainforests and coral reefs , " said Pedro Marinez Arbizu , one of the scientists working on the Census .
" ( My kids ) all want me to keep on playing , but then , they want me to be home all the time .
They tell me , ' Dad , you 'd be crazy to retire , you 're doing so well . '
I look at my 14 - year - old and I realize in a couple of years that he 'll be going away , and that 's really scary to me . " -- Teemu Selanne
Scott Niedermayer Defense - ANA GOALS : 10 | ASST : 38 | PTS : 48
SOG : 168 | +/-: -9
Teemu Selanne Right Wing - ANA GOALS : 27 | ASST : 21 | PTS : 48
SOG : 173 | +/-: 3
ANAHEIM -- Chants of " One more year " rained down on Scott Niedermayer and Teemu Selanne as they led the Anaheim Ducks in a season - ending salute to the home crowd after a 7 - 2 victory over the Edmonton Oilers Sunday night at Honda Center . " ( My kids ) all want me to keep on playing , but then , they want me to be home all the time , " Selanne said .
" They tell me , ' Dad , you 'd be crazy to retire , you 're doing so well . '
I look at my 14 - year - old and I realize in a couple of years that he 'll be going away , and that 's really scary to me . "
" We thought we were better , " Niedermayer said .
" ( We were ) coming up a bit short , other teams were winning and you find yourself falling in the standings .
We hung in there and eventually figured out a way to play better , but it was a bit too late .
" Their respective tenures in Southern California are lined with both Stanley silver and uncertainty , but the sting of a non-playoff season will pale in comparison to their contributions to hockey in California .
For one , Selanne , Anaheim represented a chance to return to what became his NHL home earlier in his career .
For the other , Niedermayer , a return to family smoothed his signing .
Selanne returned to Anaheim at 35 years of age , after disappointing seasons in San Jose and Colorado .
Niedermayer joined just prior to his 32nd birthday .
The two led the charge as the Ducks became the first California team to win a Stanley Cup .
From there , uncertainty followed as the next fall the club started the season without both .
Niedermayer played just 48 games , Selanne , 26 , as both toyed with retirement in 2007 - 08 .
Like a soap opera , the saga of Selanne and Niedermayer moves slowly as they turn 40 and 37 , respectively , this offseason .
Summer is re-run season , to which Southern California hockey fans have grown accustomed .
With the Ducks going 9 - 3 - 3 over their last 15 contests , Selanne scoring 6 goals in his last five games , Niedermayer 4 goals and 7 assists in his last 18 contests , the decision over whether to return is a tough one .
"
If we were playing badly , it would be a lot easier , " Selanne said .
" A very , very easy decision .
Let 's see what happens .
" The subtractions of defensemen Chris Pronger and Francois Beauchemin did n't help , but Niedermayer says that the solution to the Ducks ' defensive woes had more to do with who was in the room than who had departed .
" I do n't feel that it impacted my game much , " Niedermayer told NHL.com .
" I had played with ( Beauchemin ) pretty much the whole time I 'd been here .
Going to a new partner is obviously a change .
All parts of hockey are team - oriented .
We lost some pretty important players , but we could have done our jobs better with the guys in this room . "
" Obviously , when you lose players the caliber of ( Chris ) Pronger and ( Francois ) Beauchemin off your back end , it 's going to have some form of an effect , " coach Randy Carlyle said .
" I 'm pretty sure ( Neidermayer 's ) coming back , " guessed Ducks ' TV Analyst Brian Hayward .
" He seems to be enjoying the game a lot more , his family is entrenched in Orange County , and he has actually really elevated his play since the Olympic break .
" The Ducks added defensemen Lubomir Visnovsky and Aaron Ward at the trade deadline just days after Niedermayer won gold in Vancouver .
Niedermayer finished the final 18 contests a plus - 8 .
" I know how disappointing it 's been for ( Niedermayer ) that this team is not in the postseason , " Hayward continued .
" He takes a lot of personal responsibility for that .
He does n't want to end it this way .
If he decides not to come back , there is an enormous void on the blue line , the team will have more dollars to spend but I do n't think you can replace a guy like that .
" Niedermayer says that unlike his fall 2007 hiatus , he 'll be quick with his current choice .
" It probably all is going to come down to a feeling , " Niedermayer said .
" I 've already had a bit of time to think about it and I 'm sure there will be a decision fairly soon .
" The 2004 Norris Trophy winner says that in fairness to his team , brevity is key .
" No one enjoys going through this , " Niedermayer said .
" It started when I did n't play that one year ( 2007 , limited to 48 games ) .
I 'd rather just make the decision and go from there .
It 'll be quicker ( this time ) .
" Brother Rob , to whom Scott first passed the 2007 Stanley Cup , is at the end of a one - year deal in New Jersey .
Niedermayer does n't put much stock into the possibility of a reunion .
" We had a good four years , " Scott said .
" I think things change , and he ended up somewhere else , but you can't take away the time we had here .
It was a good time .
" The talk surrounding Selanne 's potential return centers mostly around his tremendous numbers over the past five seasons .
From the age 35 on , Selanne has averaged .501 goals per game , which is shockingly similar to his career average of .51 .
Carlyle thinks he knows the key to Selanne 's success at an advanced age .
It 's not getting to the open areas , it 's not Selanne 's famous hands , not the timely goals , not the power play goals .
"
If you turn the mikes off , I 'll give you the real answer , " Carlyle said , then paused and smiled to set up the punch line .
" It 's coaching !
" Selanne enjoyed Carlyle 's suggestion .
" Funny , a couple of years ago , when my plus / minus was something like plus - 26 , he said that it was because of him .
I said , ' I did n't see you out there . '
He said , ' I was protecting you , playing ( Teemu's ) line against the line that can't score . '"
" It 's like a wife or a coach , " Selanne laughed .
" You try to make your coach or wife feel that they 're right , even if they are not .
" Ducks enforcer George Parros said that elite talents can't be replaced so easily .
"
You can go out and find elite guys , but to have them be in an organization like this for this long , there 's going to be a gap when ( they ) leave , " Parros said .
" Someone can come along and fill it because there 's a lot of skilled guys ( out there ) , but there 's a special feeling in the locker room that sometimes you lose .
" Selanne trails Dino Ciccarelli in two statistical categories .
His 606 career goals place him 17th , just two behind Ciccarelli .
His 220 power play goals are 12 behind Ciccarelli , good for ninth place .
" He has n't lost a step yet , " Hayward said .
" As all goal scorers will tell you , it 's the hands that go before the feet , and we 've seen with Teemu that the hands have n't lost much .
" " I never would have expected to play this long , " Selanne said .
" I would never have expected to score 600 goals in this League .
To be honest , in Winnipeg , I thought I 'd play three or four years in this League and go back to Europe .
I made a bet with Tomas Steen and Fredrik Olausson .
I totally forgot what it was .
Hopefully they do n't remember it , because I lost ( the bet ) . "
( Posted 5:00 a.m. EDT Tuesday , April 20 , 2010 )
By SKEETER SANDERS
Who 's afraid of the big , bad Tea Party movement ?
If you guessed the Democrats , you 'd be dead wrong .
On the contrary , it 's the Republicans who need to be worried .
A new demographic survey of the Tea Party movement released last week by The New York Times and CBS News confirms what many observers of Tea Party rallies have said anecdotally about the movement :
That it does not represent a broad cross-section of the American electorate , let alone a majority .
To the contrary , the movement more closely resembles the electoral base of today 's Republican Party : Overwhelmingly white ( 89 percent ) , predominantly male ( 59 percent ) , mostly middle - aged and older ( 75 percent ) and fiercely conservative ( 73 percent ) .
And while a separate poll by the Pew Center for the People and the Press released Monday shows that 80 percent of Americans overall are highly critical of government , a clear partisan divide exists over whether the public considers the government to be a threat to them .
More Republicans ( 30 percent ) than Democrats ( nine percent ) and independents ( 25 percent ) are angry with government , the Pew survey found , with 43 percent of Republicans , 18 percent of Democrats and 33 percent of independents believe the government is a threat to them .
Significantly , the Pew study found , independents who lean Republican are far more hostile toward government ( 37 percent angry , 50 percent feeling threatened ) than independents who lean Democratic ( 15 percent angry , 21 percent feeling threatened ) .
Tea Party supporters are by far the most angry and hostile toward government , with 43 percent of Tea Party supporters angry and a stunning 57 percent of them feeling threatened .
REPUBLICANS IN CONGRESS FARING WORSE THAN DEMOCRATS -- BUT NOT BY MUCH
Chief reasons for the ill feelings are economic fears wrought by the recession and high unemployment and frustration with the partisan gridlock in Washington -- the latter of which has resulted in record - high negative ratings for Congress .
Only 40 percent of Democrats have faith in their elected representatives in Congress , the lowest positive rating by the majority party in the history of the Pew survey .
But the GOP fares worse , with only 37 percent of Republicans expressing faith in their congressional representatives .
This is bad news for the GOP , for it means that the Tea Party movement , rather than pose a threat to Democrats in next fall 's midterm elections , is more likely to wreak havoc in the upcoming Republican primaries this spring -- most of which are closed to independent voters .
The likely result is a Republican Party going into the November election saddled with hard - line right - wing nominees sure , particularly in Senate races , to turn off moderate voters -- whose support is absolutely vital in order for the minority party to win back control of Congress .
Already , two GOP stalwarts -- Florida Governor Charlie Crist and Arizona Senator John McCain -- are in serious danger of suffering humiliating primary defeats at the hands of Tea Party - backed insurgents .
Crist has fallen behind conservative Florida House speaker Marco Rubio in the GOP primary and is reported to be seriously considering running as an independent in November .
McCain -- the 2008 GOP presidential nominee -- is fighting for his political life against right - wing radio talk - show host J.D. Hayworth , with a new Rasmussen Poll showing McCain leading Hayworth by only five points , 47 - 42 percent , down from a 48 - 41 percent lead in March .
SCORES OF TEA PARTIERS MOUNTING STIFF PRIMARY CHALLENGES TO GOP REGULARS
Crist and McCain are far from alone .
Scores of other GOP incumbents and party establishment - backed Republican candidates in open races are also confronting right - wing Tea Party - backed primary challengers .
In Kentucky , Tea Party - backed candidate Rand Paul , the 47 - year - old son of Representative Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) , is favored to win the state 's May 18 GOP Senate primary against GOP establishment candidate Trey Grayson , the Kentucky secretary of state .
" There 's a Tea Party tidal wave coming , and when it comes , it 's going to sweep a lot of people out , " Grayson told the McClatchy Newspapers .
In the Democratic primary , state Attorney General Jack Conway is battling Lieutenant Governor Daniel Mongiardo .
Recent polls show Conway and Mongiardo running neck and neck , while Paul holds a commanding 15 - point lead over Grayson .
State Republican leaders fear that a primary victory by Paul -- who 's considerably to the right of Grayson -- could lead to a loss of the Senate seat now held by the retiring Jim Bunning to the Democratic nominee in the fall election .
Bunning has endorsed Paul .
Grayson was endorsed by former Vice President Dick Cheney as " the real conservative " in the race .
Even Fox News -- now embroiled in a conflict - of - interest scandal involving talk - show host Sean Hannity 's open promotion of a Tea Party event he planned to participate in , only to pull out at the last minute on the orders of Fox News executives -- has , ironically , taken note of the growing Tea Party threat to the Republicans .
Appearing on Glenn Beck 's program in March , former Bush political guru Karl Rove said that " The Republican Party , like any party that does n't control the White House , will not have a single voice or a single leader until the 2012 presidential election , and frankly , I do n't want one person [ in that position ] now . "
Beck expressed his fear that the Tea Party movement could ultimately coalesce into a third major political party in its own right -- at the GOP 's expense .
Noting that independents now outnumber both Democrats and Republicans , " I think that having a third party -- it could be a nightmare [ for the Republicans ] , " he said .
" There are so many conservatives who are saying ' Please , Republicans , get your stuff together ! ' "
SURVEY FINDS NEAR - TOTAL LACK OF DIVERSITY IN TEA PARTY MOVEMENT
Only one percent of Tea Party members are African - American , Times / CBS News survey found -- a figure much lower than the four percent of blacks who identify as Republicans .
Ditto for Asian - Americans .
The survey did not specifically identify Latinos in the movement , instead listing six percent of Tea Party members as " other . "
Given the incendiary anti-Latino and anti-immigrant rhetoric by former Representative Tom Tancredo ( R- Colorado ) at the recent Tea Party convention in Nashville ( Not to mention a fiercely personal attack by Tancredo on President Obama at a Tea Party rally in South Carolina that 's been roundly condemned as racist ) -- as well as extremely inflammatory rhetoric and signs at other Tea Party protests in recent months -- it 's easy to see why blacks and Latinos are , for the most part , shunning the movement like the plague .
More than a third of Tea Party members hail from the Deep South -- where support for the GOP and opposition to Obama is strongest .
Not surprisingly , Tea Partiers are far more hostile toward the president than the electorate as a whole .
Only seven percent of Tea Party supporters approve of the president 's job performance ( compared to 50 percent of voters overall ) , while a whopping 88 percent of Tea Partiers disapprove ( compared to 40 percent of voters overall ) .
SURVEY REVEALS SHARP CLASS DIVIDE BETWEEN TEA PARTIERS , VOTERS IN GENERAL
Significantly , the survey found that Tea Party members are more affluent economically than the nation as a whole , with more than half earning more than $ 50,000 a year and a fifth earning more than $ 100,000 a year .
Twelve percent of Tea Party supporters earn more than $ 250,000 a year -- precisely the income brackets whose taxes are going up , while everyone earning less than that are seeing their taxes go down .
In sharp contrast , the survey found , voters in general were considerably less affluent than Tea Party supporters .
While 35 percent of Tea Partiers earned less than $ 50,000 a year , nearly half of voters in general ( 48 percent ) fall into that category .
Only 25 percent of voters in general earn more than $ 100,000 a year compared to the 32 percent of Tea Partiers in that category .
The Times / CBS News survey found several telltale signs of class bias :
While 54 percent of voters in general said that raising taxes on those earning more than $ 250,000 a year was a good idea , a whopping 80 percent of Tea Party supporters said it was a bad idea .
And while voters in general were evenly divided on whether the Obama administration favors the poor or treats all classes equally ( 27 percent each ) , Tea Party supporters were quite adamant ( 56 percent ) in their belief that the administration favored the poor .
Only nine percent of Tea Party supporters felt the administration was treating all classes equally .
OTHER SHARP DIFFERENCES BETWEEN TEA PARTIERS , GENERAL ELECTORATE
The figures stand in sharp contrast to voters in general in the Times / CBS News poll , 77 percent of whom identify as white , 12 percent black , three percent Asian and seven percent " other " ( presumably Latino ) .
Fifty - one percent of voters in general are women , while 49 percent are men .
In terms of age , the general electorate is evenly split , 50 - 50 , between those under 45 and those over 45 .
While 73 percent of Tea Party supporters identify as conservative , only 34 percent of voters in general do .
Thirty - eight percent of voters in general identify themselves as moderate ( compared to only 20 percent of Tea Party supporters ) and 20 percent of voters in general identify as liberal ( compared to only four percent of Tea Party supporters ) .
At Tea Party rallies across the country , activists have boldly asserted that their movement represents " the majority of the American people . "
But the Times / CBS News survey shows that only 18 percent of Americans identify with the Tea Party movement .
And with Tea Party supporters coming largely from the ranks of Republicans -- who themselves constitute only 23 percent of the electorate -- it 's difficult to see how this movement can pose a threat to the Democrats in November , especially if , for the rest of this year , the economy picks up and joblessness goes down .
# # #
Copyright 2010 , Skeeter Sanders .
All rights reserved .
The national Republicans know that with two Republicans on the ballot in November we have a great chance to elect a candidate who will actually work for the needs of everyday Floridians .
That 's why they urged Governor Crist to stay in the race as a Republican or drop out .
Why do I think our campaign is in such good shape ?
The numbers .
The base Democratic vote in Florida is 2.5 million strong and we are on the rise in Florida .
While the other side was locked in a battle over whose philosophy is more conservative , we were busy gathering over 145,000 petitions from Floridians to get on the ballot .
We 've been running a strong grassroots campaign for months and this effort will be key to turning out the vote in November , especially in a three - way race .
The overall voter turnout in 2010 looks to be about 6.2 million voters .
That means that in a race with Crist and Rubio on the ballot , we can win with 40 % of the overall vote , a number we can get to with the Democratic base alone .
Crist polls well now in a three - way race .
But that 's because our campaign is n't as widely - known at this point .
Almost everyone in Florida knows Gov. Crist and most know Speaker Rubio , meaning they have little room to grow their support .
I have a great opportunity to introduce myself to voters , tell them my story and what I 'm going to fight for as Florida 's next U.S. Senator .
I 'll stay around a while to answer questions in the comments .
Thanks for taking the time to read this and thanks for your support .
Kendrick
PS : Learn more about our campaign at kendrickmeek.com , by texting JOIN to 35736 , following us on http://twitter.com/... or on Facebook at http://facebook.com/...
PPS : See this article on Pollster.com : http://www.pollster.com/...
Mr Ramsden , who is enrolled on a foundation art and design course at Queen Elizabeth Sixth Form College and hopes to work as a designer for Lego , used Winehouse as his inspiration for a project on British Icons .
The highly - anticipated WordPress 3.0 its first beta release .
While the amazing core team of my favorite open source web app still have a long ways to go , I just could n’t resist taking the beta for a spin on my test server .
Below are my own first impressions of the new stuff - if you do n’t care about my opinion , check out the beta announcement .
Most of what I have to write about here is from the perspective of a site administrator who wants to properly manage their website content for their publishing needs , so please forgive me as I grossly overlook a lot of the more technical backend changes in 3.0 .
WordPress 2.0 came out in February 2005 .
Several of the “ point releases ” since then have been major revisions , but none that the WordPress team has determined worthy of an increment in the major version number .
When complete , WordPress 3.0 will accomplish a few major things that will take it into this new decade :
A new default theme
The merging of WordPress with the separate WordPress MU project , a complex customization of WordPress designed for sites hosting many users ’ blogs at once ( WordPress.com is a WordPress MU hosted blog service . )
Custom post types and menu editor
New default theme : “ Twenty Ten ”
WordPress has included a default theme based on Kubrick since 2005 .
To this day , Kubrick is a quite good starting point for a normal blog theme , and plenty of people more concerned with their blog ’s content than presentation have opted to keep the default theme .
WordPress has evolved to support a lot more than blogs over the years , though , and site managers have had to work hard to get the site to present their information in just the way they want it .
While custom themes make this a nonissue for anyone with enough resources to implement one , the new default theme in WordPress makes the app much more flexible out of the box for customization of unique websites .
“ Twenty Ten ” is widgetized to the brim , allowing WordPress widgets to be created and moved with drag - and - drop ease .
Widgets are great because it empowers even nontechnical content producers to control a large amount of their site ’s visual presentation .
Like Kubrick , Twenty
Ten also has a simple way to upload a custom header image .
The new theme also uses the HTML5 <! DOCTYPE html > doctype declaration , which will have all new WordPress installations using the new doctype unless they then implement a custom theme .
Menu editor
WordPress currently contains little out - of - box control over site navigation features , leaving publishers to either hardcode their site navigation into custom themes , or use third - party navigation plugins or theme features .
The 3.0 version will bring a menu editor into the core application :
The editor allows publishers to easily create multiple navigation menus with a mixture of internal WordPress pages , category listings , and external web links .
This feature is still undergoing heavy redesigns , and includes warnings of more improvements and UI changes to come .
Once finished , custom WordPress themes will need to add support for this new feature .
Old themes will work fine without it , but wo n’t enjoy the added functionality .
Custom post types
WordPress currently segregates all content into two classes : “ Posts ” for blog - like content usually presented in chronological order , and “ pages ” for more static content .
While WordPress started as a blogging web app , it developed more and more momentum as a legitimate Content Management System ( CMS ) for sites much more complex and customized than the traditional blog hierarchy and layout .
Sites wishing to present a lot of different kinds of pages have trouble adapting WordPress to their needs , often going to other CMS products better suited to complex page taxonomies .
WordPress publishers , groan no more !
The custom post types feature will allow custom post types instead of the default “ post ” and “ page ” types .
Unfortunately , I could n’t find any of this new functionality in the administrative UI – I assume that the feature must have yet to be added to the GUI .
( Or that I am an idiot who just overlooked it . )
Regardless , web developer Konstantin has a great preview of the current custom post functionality , which must be implemented at the PHP code level .
Other neat stuff
I noticed a few new lines in wp - config .
php ‘s unique keys section for salted hashes .
If you think a “ salted hash ” is something you ’d eat for breakfast , just trust me that it ’s a good thing for security with your WordPress database .
I do n’t know if previous WordPress versions did n’t salt their password hashes , or if this is just refactoring of existing functionality .
‘s unique keys section for salted hashes .
If you think a “ salted hash ” is something you ’d eat for breakfast , just trust me that it ’s a good thing for security with your WordPress database .
I do n’t know if previous WordPress versions did n’t salt their password hashes , or if this is just refactoring of existing functionality .
The “ Export ” feature can now filter exported posts by date , author , category , content type , or restricted status .
My current site theme , a rather complicated one , did n’t break at all with WordPress 3 – it just did n’t support some of the new features that require hooks into the theme files .
Initial setup now asks for a custom admin password .
Previously , there was a counterintuitive automatic generation of a password followed by prompts to change it .
What ’s missing / making me gripe
Most of the administrative interface is unchanged .
While it has become very usable overall , and I have trained plenty of nontechnical content managers to use it with ease , it still has some sections that need revision .
As I mentioned before , custom post types must be implemented at the PHP level – meaning only skilled developers can do so .
I would like to see an overhaul and extension of WordPress ’s really nice media library features .
Integrating custom forms and JavaScript is a real pain in WordPress , usually requiring the use of external plugins or tricky hacks .
Conclusion
WordPress has already been my favorite content publishing platform for a long time , and in the last few years it has become a legitimate and powerful CMS .
Recent updates from the team have brought some awesome enhancements and new features , and WordPress 3.0 looks like it ’s going to do even more of this than I ’ve come to expect .
I think that the custom posts and menu editor alone will propel WordPress to even higher popularity and usage on all kinds of websites .
US researchers have created a robot that can pick up a towel from a pile of laundry , fold and then stack it .
Pieter Abbeel , assistant professor at the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences at the University of California , Berkeley , spoke to the BBC's Evan Davies about the science behind his creation .
He was joined by Noel Sharkey , professor of artificial intelligence and robotics at the University of Sheffield .
Now that we know octopi like to play with cameras , it 's time to investigate other forms of animal play .
Did you know that rats laugh when you tickle them ?
This scientist has proof - and it's pretty damn cute .
Advertisement
Private Biotechnology company , Global Cannabinoids , acquires Sensiblewashington.org domain
Global Cannabinoids , a wholesale and bulk hemp cannabinoid company , specializing in 100 % Pure CBD
Oil including some of the most sought after CBD Products , recently announced they have acquired the Sensiblewashington.org domain which focuses on sensible marijuana legislation and the legalization of hemp - derived cannabinoids outlined in the 2014 Farm Bill .
This acquisition highlights Global Cannabinoids desire to be a leader in the health care revolution by supporting education regarding cannabis law and the medicinal benefits of cannabinoids , using fact - based information and resources .
Founded in 2015 , in Las Vegas NV , Global Cannabinoids has swiftly become a primary source of high quality , industrially derived hemp cannabinoids , for companies wishing to incorporate any variety of oils , hand sanitizers or isolates into their product line .
With options ranging from Full Spectrum CBD , Broad Spectrum CBD , and THC Free CBD options , in either distilled or non distilled formulations , their catalog encompasses a wide range of delivery methods and creations , while also allowing companies to select raw ingredients for custom blends .
Offering both White Label and Private Label CBD
Pricing programs , Global Cannabinoids seems to understand the fast - paced industry of cannabis and are experts in guiding newer businesses towards selection , manufacturing packaging , and distribution offered under their turn - key style services .
Global Cannabinoids ’ success revolves around meeting the needs of the market by providing in - house and third - party laboratory testing to ensure potency , consistency , and accurate label descriptions .
Transparency can be seen in the paperwork and documentation they offer , which shows strain - specific , non-GMO , organic hemp plants grown with no pesticides , chemicals , or solvents , bursting with naturally occurring cannabinoids like CBD .
Using these methods , and working closely with their certified hemp farms and farmers , Global Cannabinoids is able to capture some of the more “ rare ” cannabinoids , making materials like CBG Isolate , CBN Isolate and CBC Isolate , more readily available .
Indeed , the acquisition of Sensiblewashington.org will prove to be very positive for Global Cannabinoids , who could n’t be more excited to connect and encourage other people in the community to lobby for cannabis laws that benefit , not only medical patients but otherwise healthy Americans , who wish to truly understand the properties of pharmaceutical - grade cannabinoids and utilize them for general well - being and prevention .
Businesses searching for formulations such as CBD Gummies , CBD Tinctures , CBD Patches , CBD Capsules , wholesale sanitizers and / or CBD Soft - gels should contact one of the highly trained account representatives at Global Cannabinoids , so they can take part in the booming industry that is projected to be one of the most rapidly growing markets in the year 2020 .
Now that people are paying attention , the Astroturfers are coming out of the woodwork :
Jan Chen of Seattle writes to the Northwest Asian Weekly ( a small Asian paper serving the Seattle area ) :
As one listens to the Republican anger over health care reform , one can imagine an anti-government protester cheerfully paying premiums on insurance policies that drop you after you make a claim , or happily sauntering out of an emergency room that denied them treatment because of a coverage problem .
One can imagine a town hall sign - waver enthusiastically forking over most of their pay to bill collectors after suffering a catastrophic injury , thinking , “ Wow , the free market system is great . ”
Meanwhile , Gloria Elle writes to the Baltimore Chronicle — on the same page as Mark Spivey and Ellie Light :
As one listens to the Republican anger over health care reform , one can imagine an anti-government protester cheerfully paying premiums on insurance policies that cancel you for making a claim , or happily sauntering out of an emergency room that denied them treatment because of a coverage problem .
One can imagine a town - hall sign - waver enthusiastically forking over most of their pay to bill collectors after suffering a catastrophic injury , thinking , “ Wow , the free market system is great . ”
Jan Chen and Gloria Elle certainly have a similar writing style , do n’t they ?
To the word .
Thanks to liberrocky on Twitter for the find .
[ UPDATE : Greg McCoy e-mails to note that Cherry Jimenez of Bloomington had this exact same verbiage — and much more — in an essay at the Indiana Daily Student . ]
Freepers discovered another one : Janet Leigh . ( Cute . )
This one is explained here .
[ UPDATE :
To make it clear and explicit , the link shows that the very same pro-Obama letter was written by Janet Leigh to NewburgGraphic.com , and by Earnest Gardner to the Memphis Flyer .
She also finds Janet Leigh next to Mark Spivey in the Santa Barbara Independent . ]
The story is exploding .
There is Astroturf everywhere .
Go find some yourself .
Just take phrases from suspicious - looking letters and put the phrases into Google and see what you find .
Then report back here .
UPDATE : Liberrocky found another one : Jen Park and Lars Deerman writing the same letter to different publications .
Lars Deerman writes to the Deccan Herald :
I hear the Obama Administration talk of getting a health bill passed by compromise .
Maybe the so - called public option can be used as a bargaining chip to bring the Republicans to the table .
So what do the Republicans say ?
That Obama is not a U.S. citizen , and has no right to be President , that his plans are Socialist and contain death panels .
They hope the Obama Presidency fails .
I cannot think of a single nice thing that a Republican Congress member has ever said about Obama or his plans .
Not one .
Can you ?
Where does Obama get the idea that Republicans want to work with him ?
They clearly do n’t want to .
Lars Deerman
And Jen Park writes at the Baltimore Chronicle :
I hear the Obama Administration talk of getting a health bill passed by compromise .
Maybe the so - called public option can be used as a bargaining chip to bring The Republicans to the table .
So what do the Republicans say ?
That Obama is not a U.S. citizen , and has no right to be President , that his plans are socialist and contain death panels , and that they hope the Obama Presidency fails .
I cannot think of a single nice thing that a Republican congressmember has ever said about Obama or his plans .
Not a one .
Can you ?
Where does Obama get the idea that Republicans want to work with him ?
They clearly do n’t want to .
This is the very same Baltimore Chronicle page with letters from Ellie Light and Mark Spivey .
Oh — and there ’s also one from Lars Deerman .
Can we get a Big Media investigation yet ?
Anyone want to tell the Baltimore Chronicle that its “ representative letters ” page is filled with garbage from Astroturfers ?
UPDATE x2 : Another pairing : Jen Park and John F. Stott .
Jen Park writes in The Source Weekly :
So let ’s get this straight .
Obama ’s predecessor took America to war under false pretense , citing “ weapons of mass destruction ” that everyone agrees did not exist , and today ’s Republicans do n’t want Obama addressing children because of “ indoctrination ? ”
Our previous president preached war against Iraq to anyone who would listen , children , adults , young and old , making us partners in his blunder , and the Republicans dare talk of keeping their children safe from Obama ’s ideas ?
What are Obama ’s ideas ?
That the government can be an active partner in change , rather than a nuisance ?
And this notion is suppose to be bad ?
The Republican Party seems determined to be “ against ” everything Democratic .
[ UPDATE : A couple of readers expressed concern that the “ Source Weekly ” link is setting off anti-virus programs .
If you want to go to the link , be warned that it may have malware .
Here it is . ]
And at our favorite Baltimore Chronicle letters page , John F. Stott writes :
So let ’s get this straight .
Obama ’s predecessor took America to war under false pretense , citing “ weapons of mass destruction ” that everyone agrees did not exist , and today ’s Republicans do n’t want Obama addressing children because of “ indoctrination ? ”
Our previous president preached war against Iraq to anyone who would listen , children , adults , young and old , making us partners in his blunder , and the Republicans dare talk of keeping their children safe from Obama ’s ideas ?
What are Obama ’s ideas ?
That the government can be an active partner in change , rather than a nuisance .
And this notion is suppose to be bad ?
The Republican Party seems determined to be “ against ” everything Democratic .
Thanks to Mitchell B .
UPDATE x3 : wtfci on Twitter writes :
( I added the links . )
Mark Karlin & Associates is a Chicago - based public relations firm specializing in “ Media Relations , ” “ Issues Management , ” “ Strategic Positioning , ” “ Public Interest PR ” and “ Advocacy Campaigns . ”
For what it ’s worth .
UPDATE x4 : And still more , courtesy of astute reader James O :
First , we have a letter from Gordon Adams in Connecticut ’s Danbury News - Times , [ cached version ] , published on 11/20/2009 .
On Saturday , Nov. 7 , a bipartisan majority of the House of Representatives made history by passing H.R. 3962 , the Affordable Health Care for America Act .
After nearly a century of false starts , this was the first time a chamber of Congress has ever passed comprehensive health insurance reform .
This is a historic accomplishment .
Representatives who voted for this bill deserve thanks for resisting tremendous pressure from the insurance industry lobbyists and standing up for their constituents .
Those who did not vote for the bill have one last opportunity to reconsider and support reform in the upcoming final House vote — and they should do so .
A vote for this bill was a vote to provide secure and stable coverage for Americans with insurance , expand coverage for those who do not have insurance , lower costs for families and businesses , and begin to reduce the deficit .
Adams lists a home town of Newton , CT .
An identical letter appears in Texas ’s Baytown Sun , published on 11/10/2009 .
Author Joe Rodriguez lists a residence of La Porte , TX .
The final three paragraphs of this letter are identical to one published in the Austin - American Statesman by one Robert Stephenson of Austin .
See this search for many , many , many more .
[ UPDATE : Including Ron Avila in the San Francisco Chronicle ; Mary Acosta of Baldwin Park in the San Gabriel Valley Tribune [ cached version ] ; Nancy Speed of Tulsa in the Tulsa World ; Sheila Price of Valencia in the Santa Clarita Valley Signal , and Clarence Ndangam of Clarks Summit , PA in The Citizen ’s Voice .
Interestingly , Mr. Ndangam ’s unusual name allows us to learn that such a person really exists , as an Intelius search ( no link ) reveals . ]
[ UPDATE : Still more : Vernetta Mason in the Suffolk News - Herald ; Greg Mitchell of Fort Mitchell , OH in the Cincinnati Enquirer ; Ermelinda Giurato of Elk Grove Village , Illinois in Chicago ’s Daily Herald ; J. Scott Piper of Cape Coral , Florida in the Cape Coral Daily Breeze ; Robert Vander Molen of Camdenton , Missouri in Missouri ’s Lake News Online — and finally , Terri Reese of Vista , CA in the North County Times .
( Calling Bradley J. Fikes ! ) ]
If this is n’t an Organizing for America deal , I ’ll eat my hat .
[ Probably something very similar to this Organizing for American letter - writing campaign .
H/t : Reader Michele and the blog Because No One Asked . ]
[ UPDATE : I do n’t think I should have to eat my hat .
Michele at Because No One Asked figured this one out , and it ’s Astroturfing .
But it ’s not Organizing for America , it ’s The Democratic Party .
Nice job , Michele !
This may be worth a separate post .
And I will ask Bradley J. Fikes to ask his editors if they ’re embarrassed at reprinting this talking points nonsense . ]
Also ,
It ’s Only Words investigates a letter from a Bambi Lin Litchman in Tacoma , to the Seattle Times — and notices that it is identical to one from a Bambi Lin Litchman in Honolulu , to the Honolulu Star Bulletin .
UPDATE x5 : Ellie Light speaks further to the Cleveland Plain Dealer — but does not explain why she lied about where she lives .
No , you can't get herpes from pettiing a dog whose owner has herpes .
I think your question shows a lack of understanding of the prevalence and spread of herpes .
Most adults have oral herpes , which causes cold sores .
It is spread through skin - to - skin contact .
You are far more likely to get herpes from kissing your relatives at Thanksgiving than from anything else .
Last night Conan O’Brien continued his “ Legally Prohibited From Being Funny On Television Tour ” in Los Angeles , California at the Gibson Amphitheater .
Towards the end of the show he was accompanied by a special guest , the one and only Jim Carrey .
Jim sauntered onstage dressed as Superman ( cape and all ) to help Conan perform Five For Fighting ’s Superman ( It ’s Not Easy ) .
It was a fantastic performance .
Other guests at the show were Aziz Ansari , Jonah Hill , Jack McBrayer , Jon Hamm , Andy Richter , Nick Offerman and Craig Robinson .
Here are Jim and Conan ’s Tweets from the show :
And without further ado , here is the video of Superman ( It ’s Not Easy )
He should probably start labeling all the stuff in his fridge .
—
Hey everybody !
Buttersafe Expo 2010 was a blast !
Thank you to everyone who ate pizza with us , both in Pinole and around the world !
We hope you all had a great time and we hope to see you at the next BSX !
Also , if you have any BSX pictures that you ’d like to share , you can add them to our BSX Flickr Group !
- Ray
“ Name ten elements that have English names that do n’t start with the same letter as their symbol ”
This question was posed to one of the Nature Chemistry team over dinner this weekend , and then relayed to the rest of us over tea this morning .
We all got them eventually ( and without cheating by looking at the lovely Visual Elements Periodic Table – smuggled out of the RSC by someone who shall remain nameless – that adorns the wall behind us ) .
This puzzle was then set loose in the Twittersphere ( surely it ’s just a matter of time before that word ’s in the OED ! ) .
I wo n’t give away the answers just in case you want to play the game for yourself – and it ’s not exactly difficult to look them up anyway .
As a side note , you can find us on Twitter as @naturechemistry .
As the ball was well and truly rolling , we then decided to ask our followers to name the 12 ( or 13 ) elements named after people .
It was a team effort , but @LeighJKBoerner , @premjg , @SmallCasserole , @zatytom , and @ Fifi_T combined to get them all ( sorry if I missed anyone out ) .
Again , I ’ll not give away the answers here , but if you do n’t want to play , you can look on Wikipedia for them .
And more information on whether it is 12 or 13 elements named after individuals can be found here .
This whole exercise got us thinking about who does not have an element named for them – and who perhaps should in the future .
There was some musings on this topic in the blogosphere when the name of element 112 was being proposed and finalised – and we wonder what Sceptical Chymist readers think .
There are lots of very famous scientists without an element to their name , and quite a few of them are chemists .
Should Pauling have an element named in his honour ?
How about Boyle or Dalton ?
Let us know what you think – and whether it ’s all just physics anyway !
Stuart
Stuart Cantrill ( Chief Editor , Nature Chemistry )
Talk about dissonance .
On the day Microsoft crowed that it was letting its employees contribute code to an open - source project , Joomla , it fired another shot at Linux .
On Wednesday , Microsoft announced a patent agreement with phone maker HTC that provides " broad coverage " under Microsoft 's patent portfolio for HTC devices running Google 's Android .
Ironically , Microsoft stands to actually make a profit from Linux .
HTC will pay Microsoft royalties for each phone it ships with Google 's renegade operating system .
HTC is just the latest notch on Microsoft 's belt .
Amazon , Novell , Linspire , TurboLinux , and Xandros have all signed deals with Microsoft to protect themselves and their users against litigation over possible violations of Microsoft 's patents by Linux .
As with HTC , no patents were named .
Satellite navigation maker TomTom , which uses Linux in its devices , was taken to court by Microsoft in March 2009 over violations of eight patents in its implementation of the Linux kernel .
The companies settled , with TomTom promising to remove the offending functionality within two years along with some other , undisclosed , financial terms .
And now HTC .
Mobile is a rich target .
You can see a list of companies working with Linux here .
Nokia , Palm , Samsung and Panasonic are all there , as is HTC .
Consumer electronics manufacturers - some of whom are on that mobile device list - represent another big target .
They 've sucked in Linux for use on cameras , music players , DVD players , TVs , Blu-ray devices , and set - top - boxes .
Since 2007
Microsoft has claimed more than 235 of its patents are violated by Linux , but the company 's never come out and said what those patents are .
Instead , Microsoft 's strategy is to pick off company after company that 's implementing Linux .
The approach benefits Microsoft , because it plays to the overall goal of monetizing its portfolio of patents .
Naturally , Microsoft 's corporate vice president and deputy general counsel of intellectual property and licensing , Horacio Gutierrez , issued a statement pointing to the amicable nature of its agreement with HTC .
Today 's agreement is an example of how industry leaders can reach commercial arrangements that address intellectual property , " Gutierrez said .
But an open declaration would mean that potential violations could be removed or that the claims could be exposed or potentially disproved .
The failure to disclose the patents might benefit Microsoft in one sense , but the constant drip , drip of signing patent covenants will only serve to rile open sourcers and constantly eclipse any attempts by Microsoft to work with the community .
Articulating that mood , Linux Foundation executive director Jim Zemlin told The Reg : " Microsoft is once again demonstrating that it will attempt to use patents to muddy the waters about the viability of any competitive platform in order to maintain its Windows franchise . "
Zemlin has been noticeably business - like with Microsoft in recent years .
He 's hosted Microsoft executives at the company 's annual Linux Foundation Summit in San Francisco and stood up for the company when it was pilloried for donating thousands of lines of Linux driver code to the community because it had violated the GPL .
Reacting to the HTC lock down , Zemlin told us : " Developers will see this news for what it is and choose to innovate on open platforms as opposed to developing on locked - down operating systems from patent - wielding dinosaurs . " ®
Last week we asked if Christina Aguilera has a Lady Gaga problem ; now , we ’re wondering if Lady Gaga has an M.I.A. problem : Pop music ’s favorite Sri Lankan gave an interview to NME ahead of her upcoming album ( no name or release date yet ) in which she puts Gaga on blast .
All relevant bits after the jump .*
Here we go !
Do we still need record labels ?
Are they even interested in making money from music anymore ?
Lady Gaga plugs 15 things in her new video .
Dude , she even plugs a burger !
And …
Do you think those programmes [ X - Factor ] and the Internet have destroyed the mythology around popstars ?
I do n’t know .
Again , there ’d Lady Gaga — people say we ’re similar , that we both mix all these things in the pot and spit them out differently , but she spits it out exactly the same !
None of her music ’s reflective of how weird she wants to be or thinks she is .
She models herself on Grace Jones and Madonna , but the music sounds like 20 - year - old Ibiza music , you know ?
She ’s not progressive , but she ’s a good mimic .
She sounds more like me than I fucking do !
That ’s a talent and she ’s got a great team behind her , but she ’s the industry last ’s stab at making itself important - saying , ‘ You need our money behind you , the endorsements , the stadiums ’
Respect to her , she ’s keeping a hundred thousand people in work , but my belief is : Do It Yourself .
And …
How important are image and visuals to your music ?
Very .
But it ’s not like “ Haus of Gaga ” ( laughs ) .
Me blindfolded with naked men feeding me apples and shit .
A few spare thoughts .
1 . We are not , as of yet , tired of people pointing out that the novelty and inspiration behind Lady Gaga ’s visuals and general public persona greatly , greatly trumps the fairly uninteresting music she makes .
( Excuse us as we recycle this Grigoriadis quote : “ Gaga … throws in our face [ that ]
American celebrities have become very , very boring … the fact that she has done this at the same time that much of the actual music she makes herself is somewhat boring is another feat . ” )
2. People say Lady Gaga is similar to M.I.A.?
Are they saying this when we are not in the room ?
3 . “ Me blindfolded with naked men feeding me apples and shit ” is goddamn hilarious .
* And just so we do n’t come off like narrow - minded pop-culture obsessives , here ’s the much more troubling bit about how M.I.A. says the Sri Lankan government , of which she ’s been famously critical , has been targeting her : “ they ’ve been ‘ pulling the strings ’ recently to make life difficult : disappearing visa applications and hacking into her Twitter and email accounts , ‘ wishing all kinds of crazy illness on my baby and stuff like that . ’ ”
M.I.A. interview [ ONTD ]
When U.S. and Mexican soldiers fought May 8 , 1846 , on the prairie land of Palo Alto at the southern tip of Texas , it was the match that ignited a two - year war between the two countries .
The battlefield itself faded into American history , but not the legends .
In June 1992 , a law was passed creating Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park , preserving the 3,400 - acre scene of the fighting , ten miles north of the Rio Grande River in what is now Cameron County .
"
The battlefield itself is relatively intact , but the site has been gone over ever since the battle , " Rolando Garza , archeologist and chief of resource management at Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park , told .
" People would go out there and look for relics .
We had one farmer tell us that he used to toss cannonballs into the ( ravine ) because he would hit them and they would damage his plow blade .
" Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park has the unique distinction of being the only unit of the National Park Service with a primary focus on the U.S. - Mexican War .
With the creation of the park , all the relic hunting stopped , and in its place the park service has started an archeological survey of portions of the core battlefield area .
Garza and his team developed a plan to create a grid of the battlefield , and between Feb. 20 and March 3 , 2010 National Park Service archeologists from the Southeast Archeological Center ( SEAC ) , NPS VIP archeologists , and 30 volunteers wielding metal detectors joined company to conduct this year 's survey .
It was the first of a three - year effort .
Working on a shoestring budget , Garza was able to get funding for the survey work from the through the NPS cultural resources preservation program .
Because Palo Alto Battlefield is a relatively new park -" We opened the visitor center in 2004 , " Garza said - a lot of effort is being made to develop trails for the public to follow which will tell the story of the fighting .
Volunteer metal detector experts from as far away as Georgia and Florida joined local volunteers with experience in Mexican war sites to systematically cover approximately 100 acres of the battlefield in an effort to define battle lines , troop movements and reconcile the physical evidence with historic accounts .
All items were mapped by GPS and carefully bagged for later stabilization and preservation .
More than 1,100 volunteer hours were contributed to the project , and close to 700 battle - related artifacts were recovered .
" One of the things we 've been searching for is the site of the Mexican Army 's first flanking maneuver , " Garza said .
" We found some evidence , but it 's not overwhelming .
We do feel we are getting closer , however .
This year , among other artifacts , we found a US Army breastplate .
Its small , round and has an eagle on it .
" When the Mexican cavalry tried to do a flanking maneuver against the U.S. troops , they had a four - pound cannon with them .
" We found a cannonball , " he said .
On May 8 , 2010 , the park will observe the 164th anniversary of the battle , and will have a variety of living history and ranger programs to mark the occasion .
Additionally , on the first Saturday of each month , the park presents a living history program which includes demonstrations of weapons , tactics , and soldiers from the U.S. - Mexican
War era , along with demonstrations of musket and artillery firing .
Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park is located at the northeast corner of the intersection of FM 1847 ( Paredes Line Road ) and FM 511 , approximately five miles north of downtown Brownsville , Texas .
Visit the Web site at
Terminal Lance # 28 “ False Advertising ”
I do n’t think there ’s a whole lot to say about this strip , I think the joke is fairly self - explanatory .
In fact , I ’d say making fun of the cheesy recruiting commercials is one of the favorite pass times of Marines .
All of us remember the commercials with the fire demon or the dragon being slain by the NCO sword .
Since I ’ve been in , the commercials have started gearing toward the Silent Drill Platoon – while I will say is always awesome to watch –has virtually nothing to do with the real Marine Corps .
As much as I could focus this on making fun of the Silent Drill Platoon , I will refrain because honestly it ’s fucking cool to watch them–as utterly POG as they can be .
My old Company Gunny actually was a silent drill guy , Gunny Duprey , and he ’s probably one of the best Marines I ’ve ever met .
( In fact he even has his own Facebook fan page , not started by him . )
With that said , I think the commercials have their purpose in the world : to recruit new Marines .
All the jerk off tactics are in full effect here ; the image portrayed on TV is the one that everyone at home knows of us , after all .
I think making fun of the commercials is an easy target though , as all Marines are generally in universal agreement that they ’re straight bullshit .
This strip is actually recycled material .
You ’ve never seen it because it was never used until now .
This concept was actually the first Terminal Lance idea I ever had , though the wording was slightly different .
My original idea for the strip was a full vertical comic - page setup .
This ultimately was altered when I thought that the local paper had some intention of picking up the strip .
That obviously never happened , but the 3 - panel layout stuck well with me .
It ’s simple and to the point , and it ’s easier for me to get done with 2 strips a week .
Had I been doing full pages like that , odds are I ’d be able to do 1 a week at the most .
I mentioned before that I ’m looking for ways to monetize Terminal Lance a little bit .
I need a new computer and I ’ll be out of a steady paycheck here in a couple of weeks .
With that said , I will be auctioning off the ORIGINAL artwork to Terminal Lance # 15 “ SPECIAL EDITION ” , autographed by me on eBay .
When this happens , I will let you all know and I will put it up on the News portion of the site .
It will probably not be until next week , but I will keep you all informed here and on the Facebook fan page .
People have asked me about selling the original strip artwork .
The unfortunate thing with this idea is that the strips are very rough when I scan them in .
Using my WACOM tablet I draw in and touch up a lot of things , leaving the original artwork obsolete and not worth much ( not to mention it ’s all cut in extremely odd ways to fit in my tiny scanner ) .
The difference with Strip # 15 is that it is one solid piece of artwork , 10 ″ x15 ″ ( standard comic size ) .
It ’s all ink and it ’s all real , so I am comfortable offering it for sale .
In the meantime , expect some small additions to the site sometime soon .
Until next time gents .
Remember , if you tap it : wrap it .
ADDITION :
I promised I ’d look at the photos put up on the Terminal Lance fan page on Facebook .
Today , I will highlight my favorite one so far :
Submitted by Brett Bass .
This one made me laugh the most , because it ’s a simple observation that is pretty hilarious .
If you ca n’t tell , it ’s a guy named Tucker who ’s nametape looks a lot like “ Fucker ” .
I can imagine this guy has a pretty obvious knick name , which I think is well earned with this cammy slip - up .
A note on the photos , keep in mind that everyone is on Facebook .
Hell , it ’s even allowed on NMCI now , so if you ’re putting up a photo that could get you in trouble – do n’t do it .
I ’m not a blue falcon , but if you ’re SNCO or OIC see ’s a photo of you giving fellatio to a goat or something you ’re probably going to have a pretty awkward conversation with your battalion commander .
Keep it clean , gents .
Common sense .
Shortly after my post about speeding up Python with Cython , I was contacted by Mark Dufour , creator of ShedSkin , a Python - to - C compiler , who wanted to try my code with his compiler .
I had heard of ShedSkin before , but I chalked it up as something to try later , or something too hard to try ( C is not my forte ) .
After Mark contacted me , I decided to give it a go on the code of the post , and , to my great , surprise , it performed a bit better than Cython with no changes to my code .
ShedSkin does require that you program in a restricted subset of Python , but most of my scientific code is written in that style anyway ( it ’s not really that restricting ) .
After that point , I used ShedSkin for all my other assignments , and now I ’m writing about it .
A few days ago I had a bioinformatics assignment , and the goal was to recognize protein location from their structure .
I wrote an SVM to classify the proteins , compiled it with ShedSkin and ran it .
I will give you a sample of the Python code and the same code modified for ShedSkin .
Before :
def train_adatron ( kernel_matrix , label_matrix , h , c ) : tolerance = 0.5 alphas = [ ([ 0.0 ] * len ( kernel_matrix ) ) for _ in range ( len ( label_matrix [ 0 ] ) ) ] betas = [ ([ 0.0 ] * len ( kernel_matrix ) ) for _ in range ( len ( label_matrix [ 0 ] ) ) ] bias = [ 0.0 ] * len ( label_matrix [ 0 ] ) labelalphas = [ 0.0 ] * len ( kernel_matrix ) max_differences = [ ( 0.0 , 0 ) ] * len ( label_matrix [ 0 ] ) for iteration in range ( 10 * len ( kernel_matrix ) ) : if not iteration % 100 : print " Starting iteration %s ... " % iteration for klass in range ( len ( label_matrix [ 0 ] ) ) : max_differences [ klass ] = ( 0.0 , 0 ) for elem in range ( len ( kernel_matrix ) ) : labelalphas [ elem ] = label_matrix [ elem ] [ klass ] * alphas [ klass ] [ elem ] for col_counter in range ( len ( kernel_matrix ) ) : prediction = 0.0 for row_counter in range ( len ( kernel_matrix ) ) : prediction += kernel_matrix [ col_counter ] [ row_counter ] * \\ labelalphas [ row_counter ] g = 1.0 - ( ( prediction + bias [ klass ] ) * label_matrix [ col_counter ] [ klass ] ) betas [ klass ] [ col_counter ] = min ( max ( ( alphas [ klass ] [ col_counter ] + h * g ) , 0.0 ) , c ) difference = abs ( alphas [ klass ] [ col_counter ] - betas [ klass ] [ col_counter ] ) if difference > max_differences [ klass ] [ 0 ] : max_differences [ klass ] = ( difference , col_counter )
After :
def train_adatron ( kernel_matrix , label_matrix , h , c ) : tolerance = 0.5 alphas = [ ([ 0.0 ] * len ( kernel_matrix ) ) for _ in range ( len ( label_matrix [ 0 ] ) ) ] betas = [ ([ 0.0 ] * len ( kernel_matrix ) ) for _ in range ( len ( label_matrix [ 0 ] ) ) ] bias = [ 0.0 ] * len ( label_matrix [ 0 ] ) labelalphas = [ 0.0 ] * len ( kernel_matrix ) max_differences = [ ( 0.0 , 0 ) ] * len ( label_matrix [ 0 ] ) for iteration in range ( 10 * len ( kernel_matrix ) ) : if not iteration % 100 : print " Starting iteration %s ... " % iteration for klass in range ( len ( label_matrix [ 0 ] ) ) : max_differences [ klass ] = ( 0.0 , 0 ) for elem in range ( len ( kernel_matrix ) ) : labelalphas [ elem ] = label_matrix [ elem ] [ klass ] * alphas [ klass ] [ elem ] for col_counter in range ( len ( kernel_matrix ) ) : prediction = 0.0 for row_counter in range ( len ( kernel_matrix ) ) : prediction += kernel_matrix [ col_counter ] [ row_counter ] * \\ labelalphas [ row_counter ] g = 1.0 - ( ( prediction + bias [ klass ] ) * label_matrix [ col_counter ] [ klass ] ) betas [ klass ] [ col_counter ] = min ( max ( ( alphas [ klass ] [ col_counter ] + h * g ) , 0.0 ) , c ) difference = abs ( alphas [ klass ] [ col_counter ] - betas [ klass ] [ col_counter ] ) if difference > max_differences [ klass ] [ 0 ] : max_differences [ klass ] = ( difference , col_counter )
You might notice that the two snippets are identical .
That ’s how awesome ShedSkin is .
It did n’t need a single change , and on top of that , it gave me compile - time errors when I messed up my code .
The timings of the pure Python and ShedSkin compiled code are :
python shedskin -------------
------------ 4841.94 sec 103.30 sec
You can find my code in the ShedSkin repository .
That is a 47 x speedup ( not 47 % , 47 times ) , just by running two commands to compile my code to C and C to machine code .
Needless to say , I will be using ShedSkin a lot more in the future .
Rudi Spiller , CEO of Germany 's Leica Camera AG , has a square jaw and stands as though rooted to the floor .
His hair is closely cropped , and behind his rimless glasses his eyes are keen .
In opening remarks at a recent press conference trumpeting three new Leica products , Spiller described the company 's latest triumphs with the confidence of a supervillain proclaiming world domination .
After greeting the inhabitants of planet Earth with salutations in a dozen languages , he waxed poetic about Leica 's commitment to excellence , and included a simple summation : " Our precision .
Is. Perfect . "
The Leica M9 , which debuted that day last month , is the latest in a line of rangefinder cameras that stretches back half a century .
" This camera became an instant classic in 1954 , and is now perfectly designed , " says Spiller , causing listeners to wonder whether the world will ever need an M10 .
It has been three years since the much - heralded release of the M8 , the previous model in Leica 's M series , which was the first digital in the line ( the M8.2 , and updated version , arrived last year ) .
Wired.com visited the Leica factory in Solms , Germany , just before the M9 was released , and looked behind the scenes to see how Leica builds its renowned cameras .
Here 's a glimpse of the historic company , with photos of its meticulous manufacturing process and the looming digital crossroads that will determine its future .
- - -
Above : Here 's a Leica M8 in an early stage of assembly .
Many of the mechanical parts are in place , but the viewfinder , lenses and electronic components have not been added .
The Leica camera manufacturing facility is located in Solms , Germany .
Many of the employees who build Leicas have been with the company for decades .
Stefan Daniels , who currently heads the Solms facility and helped direct the development of the M9 , started with Leica at age 15 , and earned a technical degree through his work at the company .
Photos : Jock Fistick / Wired.com
No photograph is a true copy of its subject , or even of the image that strikes the camera 's lens .
But philosophical objections do n't stop photographers from pursuing the ideal image , which requires craft .
The right tool can make all the difference .
For generations of photojournalists working in the middle of the action , a Leica camera was that tool .
Korda 's portrait of Che Guevara ; the naked , wailing Vietnamese girl photographed by Nick Ut as she fled a napalm attack ; the sailor kissing the nurse on V - J Day in Times Square in 1945 by Alfred Eisenstaedt — all were snapped with Leicas .
In fact , the company can honestly claim to have made such photographs possible in the first place .
The cameras were compact , unobtrusive , reliable in the face of daily punishment and able to capture lifelike pictures without a second 's preparation .
- - -
Above : Technicians insert the CCD , the camera 's image sensor , into the M8 body .
The CCD is made to Leica 's specifications by Kodak .
Its surface is covered in tiny microlenses designed to shift incoming light rays so that they strike the sensor evenly , with one microlens in front of every pixel .
Each lens is roughly the thickness of a human hair .
Once the CCD is inserted , workers assemble the camera 's lightweight magnesium chassis , attaching the front to the back and securing top and bottom plates of heavy brass , designed to protect the delicate internal components .
The electronic components have now been installed and this Leica M8 can function at a basic level , allowing technicians to begin the extensive testing that Leica performs on each individual camera .
By the time it is completed , a Leica M8 will have roughly 1,800 individual parts .
Photos : Jock Fistick / Wired.com
At the turn of the 20th century , engineer and amateur photographer Oskar Barnack was working for Leitz , a maker of optical instruments based in Wetzlar , Germany .
Barnack enjoyed exploring the mountains nearby , but to document the vistas one had to lug a box camera and its permanent sidekick , a heavy satchel of glass plates .
He designed a pocket - sized device that used modified movie film — the result was the world 's first 35 - millimeter still camera .
Barnack 's employers dubbed the new product " Leica , " short for " Leitz camera . "
The initial model , now known as the Ur - Leica , went into mass production in 1925 , and the Leica legend seems to have rolled off the assembly line along with it .
As early as 1928 , Aleksandr Rodchenko , a master of Soviet propaganda , and André Kertész , the father of the photo essay , both owned Leicas .
Other giants of the field followed , including Henri Cartier - Bresson , whose work with a Leica popularized street photography and the impromptu style of postwar photojournalism .
- - -
Above : Leica technicians put every camera through a series of rigorous tests , checking each of the camera 's systems , including shutter timing , range finder and focusing - system accuracy , as well as the sensitivity and consistency of the CCD .
In this stage of quality control , a technician determines the accuracy of the camera 's viewfinder .
Every viewfinder has to be adjusted after installation , and Leica requires that the focus of an image seen through the viewfinder be no more than 0.0001 millimeters different than the image captured through the camera 's lens .
A workbench is set up to assemble analog cameras in the Leica assembly room .
The M8 and M9 are built in parallel with analog cameras using similar techniques — the entire process includes roughly 35 people and takes about eight hours per camera .
A tiny dust particle in the interior of the camera can cause major problems , so the Leica factory has some of the features of a clean room .
Employees wear low - static shoes to avoid tracking dust , and dust - absorbing floor mats are placed at the entrances to the assembly area .
All paper products on the assembly line are covered in plastic to make certain that even the small fibers that might break away from the pages can't escape into the air .
And employees wear the inevitable hairnets .
Photos : Jock Fistick / Wired.com
The Leica 's small size and quiet shutter allowed Cartier - Bresson and his contemporaries to take photographs in public while on the move and without calling attention to themselves .
In addition to allowing mobility , the Leica also boasted lenses of enviable quality , befitting a company with a deep knowledge of optics .
The combination of accuracy and portability opened the door to a new realism , or as Cartier - Bresson put it , the Leica " literally constitutes the optical extension of my eye . "
Cartier - Bresson 's sentiments have been echoed by photographers ever since , as Leica has continued to produce cameras descended from the Ur - Leica design .
- - -
Above : Boxes of M7 parts are ready to be assembled at the Leica factory .
According to Christian Erhardt , Leica 's vice president of marketing , one reason Leica 's technicians take such care in the manufacturing process is that almost all of them are avid users of the company 's products .
" Many of our employees , either they are photographers by trade or have studied photography , " says Erhardt .
" I would say pretty much everyone has photography as a hobby .
It 's something that is kind of in your blood when you work for Leica .
A custom - made Leica M7 is covered with ostrich leather .
Leica's " a la carte " program allows the consumer to choose the camera 's cosmetic details , such as the color of the finish , buttons and leather case .
Customers can also configure the viewfinder 's magnification and the location of its bright lines ( that little box that frames the image you see when you look through the viewfinder ) .
A technician makes minor adjustments to the camera 's rangefinder to ensure that it is in sync with the camera 's lens .
Much of the fine - tuning of Leica cameras is done with the human eye rather than computers or complicated optical instruments .
Here a technician checks and adjusts the rangefinder 's focusing mechanism manually using a pattern of framelines .
None of the M- series cameras has autofocus , and Leica prides itself on building manual - focusing technology that 's accurate and easy to use .
Photos : Jock Fistick / Wired.com
Leica 's M-series rangefinder cameras ( launched in 1954 with the M3 ) have a special place in the hearts of many famous photographers .
Jim Marshall used Leica M-series cameras to capture Jimi Hendrix torching a guitar at the Monterey Pop Festival and the Beatles taking the stage for their last concert .
" I have been using Leica exclusively for 50 years , " Marshall says , " From a technical standpoint , the sharpness of the lenses , they are so much better than anything else . "
- - -
Above :
The guts of a pre-production Leica S2 camera sit on an engineer 's table at the Leica factory .
The S2 is a large - format camera designed for the professional - photography market , with a 37.5 - megapixel CCD that captures a image of 30 x 45 millimeters ( 56 percent larger than the 24 x 36 millimeters of a 35 mm frame ) .
Its $ 22,000 starting price tag will keep the S2 out of your local Best Buy .
Ralph Hagenauer , Leica 's head of product communications , looks at the Leica family - tree display , in the headquarters lobby .
Leica 's executives often invoke the company 's long history , portraying the latest products as the heirs to over a century of research and development , starting with the monumentally titled Ur - Leica .
Invented by Leica engineer Oscar Barnack in 1913 , the Ur - Leica was the world 's first 35 - millimeter camera ( it did not enter mass production until the 1920s ) .
In later years , Leica produced other major innovations , including autofocus , though the technology was sold to Minolta early on .
Photos : Jock Fistick / Wired.com
Like other longtime M- series users , Marshall describes the rangefinder controls as " second nature , " adding , " It 's something that 's a part of me , I 'm a part of it . "
Kim Komenich , a Pulitzer - prize winning photojournalist says the rangefinder is " faster than autofocus … .
I could be within a pretty short tolerance of having it be in focus by the time I had it to my eye . "
This symbiotic relationship with the user is perhaps as important to Leica 's success as its inconspicuousness :
After mastering the camera , many report that it seems to vanish , leaving the photographer free to simply look .
- - -
Above :
They may look like giant cough drops , but these are pucks of raw glass destined to be ground and polished into elements for the Leica 21 mm f /1.4 lens .
Leica buys its glass from major glass manufacturers around the world , depending on optical purity , availability and price .
Much of the manufacturing equipment in the Solms factory is custom - built to Leica 's specifications , and often uses proprietary processes that the company keeps closely guarded .
Photos : Jock Fistick / Wired.com
But getting there is n't easy .
Marshall and others describe the rangefinder system as daunting to novice photographers — and so is the price tag .
The M8 , the first digital member of the M family , was released in 2006 .
The asking price — $ 4,800 , without a lens — was enough to make it a major investment for any photographer .
Despite its hefty MSRP , the M8 lacked a " full - frame " sensor capable of capturing a complete 35 - millimeter image , spurring even Leica lifers to reconsider .
" It 's a hell of a buy - in now , " says Komenich , who recently sold his Leicas .
" They lost a lot of guys like me with the smaller sensors . "
The introduction of the M8 was marred by technical glitches , including oversensitivity to infrared light that made the black parts of an image appear purple .
Many users said the M8 ’s shutter was too loud — a big disappointment to those who had long prized the camera 's quiet and unobtrusive operation .
Leica moved quickly to provide additional filters to M8 owners dissatisfied with the purples in their darker images , but it took until 2008 for the company to address some of the camera ’s other limitations .
- - -
Above : A puck of raw glass , which will eventually be an element of the Leica 21 mm f/1.4 lens , is ground in a computer - controlled grinding machine .
A technician monitors a row of polishing machines during the lens - production process .
Leica lenses are polished to a tolerance of around 1/2,000th of a millimeter , about a thousand times thinner than a human hair .
Photos : Jock Fistick / Wired.com
Leica has historically waited years between releasing successive M- series cameras , but in the digital age , the rest of the market is changing much more quickly .
Komenich pointed out that , for working photographers , keeping up is key : News " agencies have minimum standards for image size , " and due to its smaller sensor , " the M8 would have been unattractive to agency photographers , because it did n't have enough megapixels .
Some of the other cameras would fit right in , right off the shelf . "
The Leica M8.2 , which hit stores in September 2008 , offered a quieter shutter and a fully automatic mode .
- - -
Above : Rows of glass have been through preliminary grinding and polishing phases of the lens - productions process .
Inspection will determine whether they will get to the next stage of becoming a Leica lens .
The computer pictured above displays a graphical representation of the way light is transmitted through a lens .
The technician can manipulate the lens to check the light transmission from every angle and determine whether a part of the surface requires additional polishing .
Photos : Jock Fistick / Wired.com
With the release of the M9 , Leica has tried to remedy some problems and win back some of the professional market .
The 18 - megapixel , full - frame sensor puts the camera within the current news - agency standards — though at a sticker price of $ 7,000 before the lens , Leica is still banking on its mystique and legendary craftsmanship to lure customers .
- - -
Above : Leica lenses are covered with as many as 43 non -glass coatings , depending on the model .
The lenses are placed in an oven where the coating material is aerosolized and then baked onto the glass using a proprietary process .
Each layer is designed to improve the quality of the images the lens produces , correcting color distortions and other inaccuracies .
Despite Leica 's best efforts to source only the purest glass , there are no flawless materials .
According to Leica 's Erhardt , " Every lens , every piece of glass , is unique , we just need to make sure that the end result has always the same quality level . "
Photos : Jock Fistick / Wired.com
" I would love to come back , " says Komenich , but " it 's more of a business decision now than it was 20 years ago .
Then it was more of a camera , now it 's more of a computer .
There 's a much shorter shelf life for digital cameras . "
Though he is cautiously optimistic about the M9 , Komenich admits that it all comes down to the specs :
" What digital 's done is made it harder to be sentimental about a camera . "
Whether the handmade Leicas that have inspired fan clubs , historical societies and countless historic photographs can survive in photography 's cutthroat climate is now anyone 's guess .
- - -
Above : Finshed lens heads are destined for the Leica Noctilux - M 50 mm f/0.95 ASPH , which the company claims to be the fastest aspherical lens in the world .
Priced at $ 11,000 per lens , this tray represents more than $ 100,000 of prime Leica glass .
In one of the final stages of quality control , a technician projects a uniform pattern through the lens onto the wall .
He then makes a visual inspection of the pattern to insure that the image is sufficiently sharp .
It is rumored that if you let your eyes relax and look " through " the pattern , you will see a sailboat .
A tray holds finished Leica Summilux - M 21 mm f/1.4 lenses .
Photos : Jock Fistick / Wired.com
A funny thing happened on the way to the congressional switchboard earlier this week .
On Wednesday , Rush Limbaugh told his listeners to call Congress and tell them to vote no on health care reform .
That ’s no small thing .
With his millions of fans , this is the kind of advice that could crash the congressional phone system .
But Rush made a critical error in his activism and it revealed an insider trick about grassroots organizing and showcased the absolute hatred some of Rush ’s listeners feel about Democratic health care reform .
Stay with me here – I promise the payoff will be worth it .
FamiliesUSA , a pro-reform activist group , has a toll - free number on its web site , telling supporters : “ Call your elected officials at 1-888-876-6242 .
Tell them that Americans deserve better than the status quo .
We need quality , affordable health care NOW . ”
People who call this number , however , do n’t actually reach elected officials – at first .
They reach a recorded message that begins , “ Thank you for calling your representatives and your senators .
Please urge them to vote yes on health reform … ”
After the pro-reform message , the call is routed to the actual capitol switchboard .
The purpose of this is to two - fold :
To give callers a kind of script to say when they do reach members and senators and to spare them the cost of a long - distance call .
Unfortunately for Rush , he gave out the toll - free FamiliesUSA number on his show on Tuesday , which meant his anti-reform listeners got a pro-reform message when they tried to call Congress .
So many Rush fans called the FamiliesUSA number on Tuesday that it caused a massive spike in call volume , which was immediately noticed by the group ’s telephone re-routing vendor .
Not wanting to pick up the tab for anti-reform calls , of course , FamiliesUSA immediately shut down the number and got a new one , which is posted above and now functioning as intended .
( FamiliesUSA executive director Ron Pollack says the cost of that brief spike is in the thousands of dollars .
“ It ’s an ironic form of flattery , ” he quipped when I reached him earlier today . )
But Rush ’s callers did n’t understand this whole re-routing thing and many were absolutely and astoundingly enraged .
Many of them assumed the pro-reform message they got was a left - wing conspiracy to take over government .
Think this is a stretch ?
Here ’s a Youtube video posted by one such caller , who believed he had discovered a blatant case of “ Obama propoganda … Alert the patriots : Tyrants are ruining our country ! ”
He ’s not alone .
After FamiliesUSA turned off their original toll free number , it was bought by someone else who must have known about the mixup .
That new person put a pro-reform bulletin on an answering machine and recorded messages left by angry – and I mean very angry – Rush listeners .
WARNING : Many of the message contain obscenities – they can be accessed by calling 206-666-6666 .
If you ever had any doubts that there are people out there who truly believe the Democratic health reform plan is a communist conspiracy to take over America …
During our Sarek trip in Spring 1999 , we had to go through 7 airports just at the height of the Serbian war .
My films were subjected to tens of x-ray controls before I got pissed and called the airport police .
Indeed , the security thugs at the airports are lazy and often do n't want to hand check the films .
Here 's some guidelines :
PART 108 — AIRPLANE OPERATOR SECURITY
Sec. 108.17
Use of X - ray systems .
(e) No certificate holder may use an X - ray system to inspect carry - on or checked articles unless a sign is posted in a conspicuous place at the screening station and on the X - ray system which notifies passengers that such items are being inspected by an X - ray and advises them to remove all X - ray , scientific , and high - speed film from carry - on and checked articles before inspection .
This sign shall also advise passengers that they may request that an inspection be made of their photographic equipment and film packages without exposure to an X - ray system .
If the X - ray system exposes any carry - on or checked articles to more than 1 milliroentgen during the inspection , the certificate holder shall post a sign which advises passengers to remove film of all kinds from their articles before inspection .
If requested by passengers , their photographic equipment and film packages shall be inspected without exposure to an X - ray system .
[ Doc. No. 108 , 46 FR 3786 , Jan. 15 , 1981 , as amended by Amdt .
108-1 , 50 FR 25656 , June 20 , 1985 ; Doc. No. 26522 , Amdt. Nos. 107-6 and 108-10 , 56 FR 41425 , Aug. 20 , 1991 ; Doc. No. 26268 , Amdt. No. 108-11 , 56 FR 48373 , Sept. 24 , 1991 ]
Why did so many people die in Haiti 's quake ?
By Lucy Rodgers
BBC News
The devastating earthquakes that hit China on 12 May 2008 , Italy on 6 April 2009 and Haiti one month ago all measured above 6.0 and took many lives .
But why was the human cost so much greater for Haiti ?
When Pete Garratt , Red Cross head of disaster relief , received an alert on 12 January indicating a large quake had hit Haiti near its capital Port - au - Prince , he instantly recognised the seriousness of the emergency .
" I knew that meant deaths and injuries , " he says .
The reason he predicted the effects of the quake would be so grave , Mr Garratt explains , is that there are a number of critical factors , learned through years of experience , that contribute to the scale of devastation following such big shifts of the Earth 's crust .
One is , perhaps obviously , the size of the quake , but also how near it is to the surface , the density of the population near its epicentre , as well as whether there are any heavily urbanised areas nearby .
These all indicate a higher death toll - and were all features of the Haiti quake .
But poverty also plays its role , Mr Garratt explains , as it exacerbates a country 's or region 's vulnerability to such disasters .
In places such as Haiti , where 72.1 % of the population live on less than $ 2 a day , and in cities like Port - au - Prince , where many are housed in poor and densely - packed shantytowns and badly - constructed buildings , the devastation is always expected to be greater .
" These countries have less money to put into buildings and there is less governance ensuring building codes are followed , " Mr Garratt explains .
" Corruption can also be an issue and so , even when there are government structures to ensure building codes are followed , there are bribes that enable people to take short cuts .
" Put simply - there are the technical elements of the earthquake and then the social elements on top of that . "
Therefore , the fact that the Haiti quake hit close to a poorly - constructed , large urban area was crucial in reducing people 's chances of survival .
" In Italy it was one town , and a few surrounding villages - not a large urban area .
And in China , although it affected a large area and big towns , it was not a city , " says Mr Garratt .
" In Haiti , in a big city like Port - au - Prince , with so many structures coming down , this means more rubble will kill more people . "
The resulting scale of destruction - of infrastructure , of government and other official organisations - also made it much more difficult to respond once the earthquake hit and had an impact on the number of people rescued from the rubble .
Haiti , unlike China and Italy , simply did not have the resources to act quickly , and it took time to get outside help in .
" The Chinese government was able to mobilise a very military response .
Although some parts were hard to reach initially , " says Mr Garratt .
" The resources they had were very impressive .
" The problem in Haiti was the airport was only half - functioning and you had one road route that took a day to traverse . "
The dense urban environment in Port - au - Prince also made it a difficult place for rescue teams to work once they were there , he says .
" You could say that the resulting congestion in large cities meant there was less room for manoeuvre .
" But there were an enormous number of search and rescue teams there and considering the difficulties getting there , they did a good job . "
However , the statistics on rescues may not necessarily reflect the true number of victims freed in and around Port - au - Prince , he warns .
" The majority of people are pulled out of the rubble by their neighbours . "
Lessons learned The Red Cross , which had teams dealing with the aftermath of the China , Italy and Haiti earthquakes , believes aid agencies learn lessons from every disaster , although each - like Haiti - poses fresh questions .
" We are always getting better , " says Mr Garratt .
" But what is a challenge is that there is always something new . "
One of the problems in Port - au - Prince is the lack of space , he adds , as well as a constantly shifting and mobile population .
The task now for such organisations is to help the people of Haiti get back on their feet , given the inevitable crippling economic cost of such a quake .
And as the Red Cross and others admit , their success in responding to the Haiti emergency will be judged not just on the first weeks of emergency aid , but on whether communities are left more resilient and better equipped when the next disaster strikes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Three cousins from Hayward have been charged in San Francisco with a hate crime and assault for allegedly firing a BB rifle at the face of a man they believed was gay , an attack the men videotaped , authorities said Wednesday .
Mohammad Habibzada , Shafiq Hashemi and Sayed Bassam , all 24 , are scheduled to be arraigned today in San Francisco Superior Court .
They are free on $ 50,000 bond apiece .
The victim of Friday 's attack was walking on the 3200 block of 16th Street near Guerrero Street about 10 p.m. when a car pulled up and someone inside opened fire with a BB rifle , police said .
The man was hit in the face but refused medical treatment , said Lt. Lyn Tomioka , spokeswoman for the Police Department .
He reported the shooting to police , who pulled over a car that matched the assailants ' vehicle a short distance away and arrested the three Hayward men .
Investigators believe the assailants chose the victim because he appeared to be gay .
When the men were pulled over , police found a video camera that was used to film the shooting , investigators said .
Assistant District Attorney Victor Hwang , the prosecutor in the case , said the men are cooperating in the investigation .
Authorities are looking into whether the attack was isolated or whether there have been similar BB gun shootings elsewhere in the Bay Area .
Police have been unable to find victims to support any additional allegations , but Hwang said , " We believe we have the evidence to show that there was targeting of individuals who they believed to be gay . "
He added , " We know about this one case .
We want to know about if there are any other cases . "
For those of you who used to excited watching Mick Jagger ’s lips on the mic , not because you were a huge fan of his music , but because you loved how good his lips would be for sucking dick , but did n’t want to tell anyone , because despite being very tainty and flamboyant , Mick Jagger is still a dude … .
Well his daughter with Jerry Hall , Georgia May Jagger , seems to have inherited the lips you ’ve dreamt were on a girl and like all full lipped girls I am hooked … I do n’t even care how fat , ugly , awkward looking a bitch is , if her lips are jacked , I ’m ready to react in a dirty way …
Just yesterday I was stuck behind this pig of a woman at a coffee shop and I was looking at her wondering how a woman can end up that sloppy as she ordered her piece of cake and hot chocolate with extra whipped cream , then she turned around and I saw her face and her lips were as fat as her disgusting ass and I was in love …. not that it matters …..
Either way , she ’s another celebrity daughter who has decided to use her famous parents as leverage to become a “ model ” cuz being a model is apparently the best job in the world cuz you get paid large amounts of money for doing nothing …. and it ’s easy to get work cuz all the fashion designers book famous kids cuz it ’s affordable and makes them feel as high profile as booking the actual famous people … and none of that matters … what does matter is she ’s half naked .
They also have Video of the Shoot – To Check It Out Follow This Link
GO
Georgia May Jagger is the Body of Hudson Jeans of the Day
Posted in : Georgia May Jagger|Half Naked |Model
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
When you read this you ’ll see why I could n’t resist falling off the wagon .
Paul Krugman has again called for the US to pressure the Chinese to revalue the yuan .
The reasoning is even more puzzling than usual :
Some still argue that we must reason gently with China , not confront it .
But we ’ve been reasoning with China for years , as its surplus ballooned , and gotten nowhere : on Sunday Wen Jiabao , the Chinese prime minister , declared “ ” absurdly “ ” that his nation ’s currency is not undervalued .
( The Peterson Institute for International Economics estimates that the renminbi is undervalued by between 20 and 40 percent . )
And Mr. Wen accused other nations of doing what China actually does , seeking to weaken their currencies “ just for the purposes of increasing their own exports . ” 
As you may recall , back around 2005 a number of Congressman were insisting that the Chinese revalue the yuan by 27 % .
In fact , they did revalue their currency by 22 % over the next 3 years .
But now we are told they need to do another 20 % to 40 % .
And people wonder why the Chinese are so frustrated with the West .
Does this game ring any bells ?
I seem to recall that back around 1970 the US government kept insisting that the Japanese trade surplus was caused by an undervalued yen .
Then the yen was revalued 20 % , but the “ problem ” continued .
Then another 20 % , then another 20 % , then another 20 % , then another 20 % .
The yen has now gone from 350 to 90 to the dollar .
My math is n’t very good , but that sure seems like a lot of 20 % revaluations .
And the Japanese still run a current account surplus that is more than half the size of China ’s surplus , despite having less than 1/10th China ’s population .
I think it ’s fair to say that international economists have become increasingly skeptical of the notion that simply by manipulating nominal exchange rates you can eliminate current account imbalances that represent deep - seated disparities of saving and investing .
But I guess hope springs eternal .
Maybe this time it will finally work .
Krugman also repeats his argument that US monetary policy is paralyzed , and this time he rather bizarrely extends the argument to most of the major economies in the world :
Most of the world ’s large economies are stuck in a liquidity trap “ ” deeply depressed , but unable to generate a recovery by cutting interest rates because the relevant rates are already near zero .
China , by engineering an unwarranted trade surplus , is in effect imposing an anti-stimulus on these economies , which they ca n’t offset .
Does Krugman really think the US is “ stuck ” in a liquidity trap ?
Obviously not , otherwise why would he have started criticizing the Fed for what he claims is an excessively restrictive monetary policy ?
No his policy views depend on which audience he is addressing .
When talking to Bernanke , he suggests the Fed do much more , when talking to the Chinese he pleads that the Fed has done all it can .
I can just see the frustration in Chinese central bankers reading this NYT article : “ Those Americans must think we are a bunch of fools .
Do n’t they know we are Western - educated , and can read English newspapers ?
Do they really think that when they say one thing to their own Fed , and something completely different to us , that we wo n’t understand ? ”
But this time it ’s even worse , as Krugman now claims that “ Most of the world ’s large economies are stuck in a liquidity trap . ”
At least with the US you can sort of make the liquidity trap argument .
And perhaps with Japan , if you ignore that fact that the BOJ recently rejected their finance minister ’s request for a more expansionary monetary policy .
But who else ?
I do n’t think there is anyone who believes China , India , Brazil or Russia are stuck in liquidity traps .
Australia and South Korea have been raising rates .
Nor is there anyone claiming Germany , France , or Italy are stuck in liquidity traps .
The ECB raised its policy rate to 4.25 % in July 2008 , and then cut it to 3.75 % when the global economy collapsed in October 2008 .
Yes , rates have since gradually come down much further , but at no time in 2008 - 09 did it look like the zero bound was constraining the ultra - conservative ECB .
Indeed the ECB has frequently emphasized that it does n’t want to cut rates further and that it is focused on keeping inflation below 2 % .
So even if you wrongly believe that countries with zero percent interest rates are “ stuck ” with tight money , that condition only applies to a few countries .
So what does Krugman suggest we do ?
In 1971 the United States dealt with a similar but much less severe problem of foreign undervaluation by imposing a temporary 10 percent surcharge on imports , which was removed a few months later after Germany , Japan and other nations raised the dollar value of their currencies .
At this point , it ’s hard to see China changing its policies unless faced with the threat of similar action “ ” except that this time the surcharge would have to be much larger , say 25 percent .
This comment surprised me .
I had thought that nobody still believed the dollar was overvalued in 1971 .
I do realize that back in 1971 many of Krugman ’s fellow liberals believed that the US economy was suffering from an “ overvalued ” dollar , but I also thought that this view had been pretty well discredited by Mundell and others .
Keep in mind that in 1971 we had 6 % unemployment and 4 % inflation .
Does that seem like an economy that needs to devalue its currency ?
In any case , Krugman got his way ; the Europeans gave in and revalued their currencies .
And I suppose you could say the “ problem ” was solved .
By 1979 I do n’t recall too many people worrying about the dollar being overvalued .
Although come to think of it I do n’t recall that pesky Japanese current account surplus going away either .
There must be a lot of distinguished European economists who like reading Paul Krugman .
Imagine their reaction this morning upon reading where he appears to praise Nixon ’s crude attempt to force the Europeans to revalue their currencies in 1971 in order to solve America ’s 6 % unemployment problem .
Think about the following questions :
How many economists today honestly believe that America ’s economic problems in 1971 were due to the European currencies being 10 % undervalued ?
How many economists today honestly think that if the Chinese give us another 25 % revaluation that this will significantly improve America ’s economy ?
And how many of you think that 40 years from now , when we look back on the American economy in 2010 , that most economists agree with Krugman ’s argument that a significant part of our economic problems were due to an overvalued yuan ?
In contrast , how many people think that 40 years from now most economists will agree with Krugman ’s claim that our economic dilemma is due to the stubborn refusal of the Fed to set a higher inflation target ?
My claim is that in 40 years most economists will agree with Krugman .
I mean the good Krugman .
The guy who wrote Pop Internationalism .
Not the guy who says we ’re “ stuck ” in a liquidity trap and who ends his NYT editorial with the crude populist slogan “ It ’s time to take a stand . ”
BTW , I notice that Krugman often implies that those who oppose health care reform and unemployment comp .
extensions are just a bunch of cruel , heartless , right - wingers .
Does Krugman know that if his proposed 25 % tariff “ works , ” and does in fact sharply reduce Chinese exports , that millions of extremely poor Chinese workers will lose jobs in exports industries ?
Workers who are much worse off than even the bottom 10 % of American workers .
One final point .
If we do nothing the Chinese will probably revalue the yuan by about 5 % to 10 % this year , with vague assurances that further increases will occur as conditions allow .
If we threaten a trade war there will probably be some compromise in the end , and China will revalue the yuan by 5 % or 10 % this year , with vague assurances that further increases will occur as conditions allow .
But in the second case a lot of bad blood will be stirred up , financial markets will be depressed by uncertainty , and the world recovery might even slow down a little bit .
And that ’s the best case from his proposal .
If a trade war actually does occur I shudder to think what the effect would be on world markets , and the world economy .
If you go back another 40 years before Nixon ’s threats against the Europeans , there really was a trade war .
Krugman points out that the Treasury must make a decision by April 15th ( another reason to dread that date . )
Eighty years ago on April 17th , 1930 , the US stock market was up 48 % over post - crash lows , on hopes for economic recovery .
But as the Congressional debate over Smoot - Hawley became more acrimonious the market began dropping sharply .
The biggest drop of the year occurred the day after Hoover announced he ’d sign the bill .
Then other countries started retaliating .
By mid-June stocks were down more than 25 % from mid-April levels , and hopes for a recovery had been dashed .
Let ’s not re-enact that fiasco this spring .
Instead let ’s do what Krugman and I both agree should be done ; let ’s have our own Fed solve our own problems ( of inadequate AD . )
That would be a win - win - win - win policy .
Good for workers , good for investors , good for foreigners , and good for shrinking our budget deficit .
I wish more Americans would “ take a stand ” against our own monetary policymakers , not foreigners .
HT : Marcus
Update : Marcus just sent me this Ryan Avent post .
Last time I criticized Krugman on China I implied that he sounded like a Buchanan - like xenophobe .
A liberal blogger I respect pointed out that that was unfair .
I suppose he was right , so I held back a bit this time .
But here ’s what Avent had to say about Krugman ’s post :
The general tone of his column ” ” focused on toughness , insensitive to the internal politics of foreign nations , blind to potential negative outcomes , reckless and impatient ” ” is familiar .
It looks like nothing so much as the argumentation deployed by the Bush administration as it rushed to war in Iraq .
Mr Krugman was prescient and prudent in fighting back against that misguided policy .
He would do well to stop for a moment , take a deep breath , and think again before urging America to “ take a stand ” , damn the consequences .
Note there is no insinuation of racism , rather Avent points to a misguided overconfidence in America ’s ability and right to push other countries around .
I think Avent ’s criticism is completely fair .
Read the entire post , it ’s much better than mine .
I do n’t know whether progressives in America realize just how different our sabre - rattling looks to their fellow progressives who live outside of the “ big bully . ”
Update #2 : This Ryan Avent post is also very good .
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn
Tags :
This entry was posted on March 15th , 2010 and is filed under China , Exchange Rates , Misc. , Monetary Policy .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site .
A large group of lumberjacks are cutting down trees in a forest and doing a really good job of it .
Trees are falling left right and center , everyone is working with focus and tenacity .
During a lull , one of the lumberjacks climbs up to the top of the biggest tree still standing and sees that in all the confusion to get the work started , they ’ve made a bit of a mistake and should infact have been cutting down the forest next door to the one they ’re in .
So , he yells down to the rest of the team :
Hey guys , I think we ’re in the wrong forest !
To which the foreman yells back :
Shut up !
We ’re making progress !
I do n’t remember where I first saw this story ( _I guess that ’s the one downside to reading a lot of books :) _ ) .
But , this story ( or one very similar ) is actually a commonly used leadership metaphor .
It is often used to demonstrate the difference between leadership and management .
As interesting as that may be ( and it is actually interesting enough that I might look at it further at a later date ) , to me it also demonstrates another common phenomenon – that of the sunk cost fallacy .
You see the foreman , was n’t really an idiot , he knew the climbing lumberjack was right .
But the team had invested so much time and effort already , it would be a shame to waste it .
Then there is explaining the mistake to upper management – could get awkward , plus think of all the paperwork .
No , it is way too embarrassing and costly to admit the mistake , better to pretend that this is the way things were meant to happen all along , hopefully it might all turn out for the best and we ’ll be able to salvage the current situation .
The Sunk Cost Fallacy
The sunk cost fallacy , also known as the Concorde fallacy , is a very interesting phenomenon .
What it basically boils down to is the fact that it is human nature to throw good money after bad .
The more resources ( time , money ) we invest in something , the more likely we are to stick with it despite all the indicators of our venture being a failure ( I am not going to give generic examples ; you ’re welcome to check out the links above ) .
It is therefore no big surprise that when it comes to software development , we ’re not immune .
Infact we take the sunk cost fallacy to new heights of awesome :) .
In the world of finance , the sunk cost is accepted .
If the money is spent and ca n’t be recouped , it can no longer influence any further decisions .
On the other hand , in software , once we have spent any kind of effort / money on a feature / project , we just ca n’t let go .
We would much rather delude ourselves and everyone around us that we can still turn everything around and make it all come out for the better .
Developers do it , managers do it , it ’s an industry wide trend .
No matter how flawed the product vision turns out to be , we are much more likely to try to adapt the whole ecosystem to the flawed product / feature rather than starting over from scratch and building something that will better fit the ecosystem we have .
More than that , we will go to great lengths , bring in extra people , do overtime , whatever it takes , as if we can make an incorrect decision right by sheer force of will and sweat .
I am not just talking at the project level , even at the code level we ( developers ) will often stick with a technology / library choice through thick and thin long past the time we should have abandoned it and found something that fits our needs better .
There are always , good reasons to justify all this , but what it comes down to in the end is self - delusion – the sunk cost fallacy at work .
Lalalala , I Do n’t Want To Hear It
I once worked on a product that started out as an offshoot of a bigger project .
Initially it was only adapted to work as part of that bigger project .
But , after a while a decision was made to turn it into a framework .
There was nothing wrong with the idea .
This would have been a perfect point to abandon the existing code ; it was unwieldy and difficult to work with .
It would have made sense to merge it into the bigger project and start from scratch .
But noone was willing to make that decision , money had been spent on development , it was practically a framework already , just needed a little extra effort and then we’d be able to use it on all the other projects in the company and save all kinds of money .
A business proposition too good to refuse !
Except , in trying to munge the existing code into a framework , everything became even more unwieldy , no project really wanted to use it .
But , it was decided that the situation could still be salvaged , all we needed to do was turn the framework into a full - blown product .
Once again not a bad idea on its own , and had we started from scratch here , we may have come up with some cool stuff , but we could n’t just abandon all that ‘ good ’ code .
So , we went on another retrofitting exercise , building more code on top of ever shakier foundations .
At this point the ‘ product ’ had a terrible reputation within the company , noone except management wanted to have anything to do with it , but that just meant it was pushed even harder .
The company was n’t willing to make the necessary decision to either abandon the project all together , or to start over and build something solid .
The money that had already been invested was guiding all the decisions .
Recouping losses was the word of the hour and in pursuit of that goal even more money was sunk into a venture that did n’t deserve it .
If this were an isolated incident it would n’t be so bad , but this story probably sounds awfully familiar to many and there are more than a few horror stories that are way worse .
Delusion Industry Wide
How about an example of sunk cost self - delusion at an industry wide level ?
You need go no further than JavaScript .
I do n’t want to bad - mouth the language it has done some decent service and I wo n’t deny that it has some good parts .
But as that photo I saw a few weeks ago clearly demonstrates , there are good parts and then there is the rest .
People tolerate JavaScript but most developers do n’t really love it .
It can be unwieldy and hard to use , some things just do n’t make sense and yet it has become the de-facto language of web 2.0 .
It ’s not as if there are no better scripting languages around , and even if there were n’t , it ’s not like we ca n’t come up with anything better if we tried .
But , all the browsers already support it ( well , kinda , none in quite the same way ) and there are all the frameworks that make everything much better .
No , there is way too much invested in it , I am sure we can make it perfect eventually .
In the meantime it makes a lot more sense and is infact much easier , to put millions of developers through daily pain , rather than phasing out JavaScript in favour of something better ( anything would probably do ) .
Seems like sunk cost fallacy at its finest .
Admittedly though , I am no JavaScript guru , so if you are , please come along and tear my argument apart .
End of the day , there may not be much that each one of us , can do to affect grand change at an industry - wide level , but we CAN influence the projects we work on .
If you see the beginnings of the sunk cost fallacy rearing its ugly head , do n’t stay silent .
It is never too late to remove a technology or library if it was clearly the wrong choice .
Be ruthless , if it does n’t do the job the way it should , get rid of it , find something better , there are always alternatives .
For the management the advice is the same , just at a higher level .
Do n’t keep throwing good money after bad .
Remember if all the other lumberjacks ( including the foreman ) had just stopped and taken notice when the first one told everyone of their error ( regardless of the embarrassment and inconvenience ) , they could have avoided cutting down the rest of the magical woods – home of the unicorn ( cause that was what they were chopping ) .
Instead they could have started chopping the dark dreary forest , like they should have been doing in the first place and thereby made life better for everyone , including themselves .
Image by amateur_photo_bore
by Dean Worbois
No one disputes the faith of our Founding Fathers .
To speak of unalienable Rights being endowed by a Creator certainly shows a sensitivity to our spiritual selves .
What is surprising is when fundamentalist Christians think the Founding Fathers ' faith had anything to do with the Bible .
Without exception , the faith of our Founding Fathers was deist , not theist .
It was best expressed earlier in the Declaration of Independence , when they spoke of " the Laws of Nature " and of " Nature 's God . "
In a sermon of October 1831 , Episcopalian minister Bird Wilson said ,
Among all of our Presidents , from Washington downward , not one was a professor of religion , at least not of more than Unitarianism .
The Bible ?
Here is what our Founding Fathers wrote about Bible - based Christianity :
Thomas Jefferson :
I have examined all the known superstitions of the world , and I do not find in our particular superstition of Christianity one redeeming feature .
They are all alike founded on fables and mythology .
Millions of innocent men , women and children , since the introduction of Christianity , have been burnt , tortured , fined and imprisoned .
What has been the effect of this coercion ?
To make one half the world fools and the other half hypocrites ; to support roguery and error all over the earth .
SIX HISTORIC AMERICANS ,
by John E. Remsburg , letter to William Short
Jefferson again :
Christianity ...( has become ) the most perverted system that ever shone on man .
... Rogueries , absurdities and untruths were perpetrated upon the teachings of Jesus by a large band of dupes and importers led by Paul , the first great corrupter of the teaching of Jesus .
More Jefferson :
The clergy converted the simple teachings of Jesus into an engine for enslaving mankind and adulterated by artificial constructions into a contrivance to filch wealth and power to themselves ... these clergy , in fact , constitute the real Anti-Christ .
Jefferson 's word for the Bible ?
Dunghill .
John Adams :
Where do we find a precept in the Bible for Creeds , Confessions , Doctrines and Oaths , and whole carloads of other trumpery that we find religion encumbered with in these days ?
Also Adams :
The doctrine of the divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity .
Adams signed the Treaty of Tripoli .
Article 11 states :
The Government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion .
Here 's Thomas Paine :
I would not dare to so dishonor my Creator God by attaching His name to that book ( the Bible ) .
Among the most detestable villains in history , you could not find one worse than Moses .
Here is an order , attributed to ' God ' to butcher the boys , to massacre the mothers and to debauch and rape the daughters .
I would not dare so dishonor my Creator 's name by ( attaching ) it to this filthy book ( the Bible ) .
It is the duty of every true Deist to vindicate the moral justice of God against the evils of the Bible .
Accustom a people to believe that priests and clergy can forgive sins ... and you will have sins in abundance .
The Christian church has set up a religion of pomp and revenue in pretended imitation of a person ( Jesus ) who lived a life of poverty .
Finally let 's hear from James Madison :
What influence in fact have Christian ecclesiastical establishments had on civil society ?
In many instances they have been upholding the thrones of political tyranny .
In no instance have they been seen as the guardians of the liberties of the people .
Rulers who wished to subvert the public liberty have found in the clergy convenient auxiliaries .
A just government , instituted to secure and perpetuate liberty , does not need the clergy .
Madison objected to state - supported chaplains in Congress and to the exemption of churches from taxation .
He wrote :
Religion and government will both exist in greater purity , the less they are mixed together .
These founding fathers were a reflection of the American population .
Having escaped from the state - established religions of Europe , only 7 % of the people in the 13 colonies belonged to a church when the Declaration of Independence was signed .
Do not confuse Christianity with the founding of America , for our founding fathers at best were spiritually confused men , mostly unbelievers , who frequently voiced disdain and contempt for the Word of God .
Many of them were occult members , such as George Washington and Benjamin Franklin .
America was indeed founded by Freemasons who had the purpose of achieving a New World Order in mind .
This is amazingly and accurately evidenced in the book Legions of Satan by Jonathan Williams , 1781 , in which he quotes British General Cornwallis as having said to George Washington ( after losing the Revolutionary War to him ) ...
And so it is today !
The New World Order is here , being formed under the pretense of a bogus " War On Terror . "
Zionism is taught in most of our churches , and never a word of critic is spoken against the blasphemous Jewish religion of Judaism , or the vile Talmud which permits priestly sex with 3 - year old girls .
One need look no further than a one - dollar bill to find the all - seeing eye of the Grand Architect .
Cornwallis was correct !
The sad irony of all this is that 99.9 % of the American people are woefully ignorant of these truths .
Truth is certainly stranger than fiction .
During this most eccentric of British elections , I keep recalling a memo leaked way back in 2000 , in which New Labour 's polling guru Philip Gould contemplated the malfunctioning project .
" Something has gone seriously wrong , " he quoted Peter Mandelson as saying .
" But what is it ? "
These days , Labour might n't struggle to answer that question , but the fact that it is easy to imagine a version of this communique doing the rounds everywhere from Tory high command to Rupert Murdoch 's British HQ offers the tantalising possibility that this might be a " change election " in more ways than one .
It has already left the arch spouters of certainties mouthing flummoxed platitudes like " we live in interesting times " .
For those of us perfectly happy to concede we have n't a clue at the best of times , and merely hazard this sort of cobblers in exchange for beer tokens , the sense of discombobulation is delicious and thrilling .
But for those whose business is knowing best , it appears to be an infinitely less pleasant interlude .
Chief among these is Rupert Murdoch , everybody 's favourite unelected foreign billionaire , whose stranglehold on every British government in recent memory arouses approximately one thousandth as much vocal public ire as a duck house .
That the News Corp chief has affected to endorse Cameron as the " candidate of change " is one of the satirical jokes that are his speciality .
Obviously , Murdoch wants the opposite of change .
He wishes to carry on exactly as things have for decades , with him calling the shots .
To Murdoch , the Tory leader is nothing but a host organism , and a change of government merely the shuffling of junior personnel .
But something has gone wrong – or threatens to .
Murdoch is distressed , we must assume from news that his UK avatars – son James and News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks – barged into the Independent 's offices this week , incensed the paper had used the advertising slogan " Rupert Murdoch wo n't decide the election – you will " .
One can only sympathise .
This is the sort of coarse personal attack against which Rupert 's entire career has been the most noble of crusades .
And as former Sun editor David Yelland noted on these pages this week , Cameron failing to secure a majority would leave Murdoch locked out of No 10 for the first time in decades .
Yet Murdoch is far from the only one who has potentially wrong - footed himself in this strange new landscape .
As he prepared to assume the premiership , Gordon Brown stated that the core of his political message was his big vision of " an X Factor Britain " , a TV show he apparently misunderstood completely , believing it to be about meritocratic aspiration as opposed to selling disappointment and making Simon Cowell stupefyingly rich in exchange for debasing popular culture .
So there is a certain hilarity to the fact that Brown is now beginning to discover the meaning of his wish , with his spin doctors continually forced to defend his tone - deaf public turns with the words : " Look , this is n't the X Factor . "
Oh , but it is .
And for all our neophyte fascination with the uncharted territory into which the TV debates have ushered us , the concern should be that we have imported US presidentialism overnight without the bruisingly rigorous primary system that justifies it .
From where is the proper scrutiny to come ?
The one thing we can safely say after this week is that you can't trust the mainstream media to provide it .
And yet , and yet again … was the synchronised ferocity of Thursday 's smear attack on Nick Clegg a gift to the Tories – or might it go seriously wrong ?
Will these two - footed , hobnail - booted tackles prove the deadly weapons they once were , or in the changed landscape will the papers themselves look part of the same Punch and Judy politics for which a significant proportion of the electorate has clearly developed such a visceral loathing ?
I could n't begin to tell you .
All that seems clear is that elements of the press appears to have assumed that the election would be as easy to manipulate as a Cowell programme .
Yet they too misunderstood the shows , because they did not prepare for chaos .
Cowell always prepares for chaos , and he has found a way of turning it to his advantage , presiding over formats in which all possible outcomes benefit him .
The house always wins – as the House of Murdoch was wont to do before the advent of troublesome new variables like TV debates and the internet .
For those of us whose belief that Murdoch is the key issue in British politics is counterbalanced by the absolute knowledge that it is the last one ever to be raised on the doorstep , it is thrilling to observe that the old boy no longer has all the angles .
This sublimely unreadable election is giving us a brief and tantalising glimpse of a world of dislodged certainties .
Of course , bitter experience suggests that the window will slam shut on it – but somehow , even the not knowing feels like a progress of sorts .
Who knows , perhaps we shall wake to utter chaos on 7 May , and sense that something has gone seriously right .
Leeann Chin , who founded the Minnesota chain of Chinese restaurants bearing her name , has died in Seattle .
She was 77 .
Courtesy of Leeann Chin's family
Leeann Chin , who founded the Minnesota chain of Chinese restaurants bearing her name , has died in Seattle .
She was 77 .
Chin died Wednesday from complications from a long - term illness , her daughter Laura Chin told MPR News .
Chin was born in 1933 in Guangzhou , China , and moved to Minnesota in 1957 .
She became a seamstress , working at a couple of clothing stores in Minneapolis before selling clothes out of her home while raising five children .
Chin , who had always enjoyed cooking , started preparing meals for her customers to thank them for their business , Laura Chin said .
" Then they started asking her to cater parties and teach cooking classes , so that 's sort of how she got started in the business , " her daughter said .
Chin opened the first Leeann Chin restaurant in Minnetonka in 1980 .
At first , Laura said , it had more than 100 menu items .
Soon , however , Chin decided to make the restaurant a buffet so that it was easier to keep up with demand .
Your support matters .
You make MPR News possible .
Individual donations are behind the clarity in coverage from our reporters across the state , stories that connect us , and conversations that provide perspectives .
Help ensure MPR remains a resource that brings Minnesotans together .
Donate today .
A gift of $ 17 makes a difference .
A second restaurant opened in 1984 in the downtown St. Paul train depot .
General Mills bought her name and the restaurants a year later .
Chin 's business took back its independence in the late ' 80s , and Chin stayed involved in the business until the late '90s .
By that time the restaurants had evolved into fast food and takeout Chinese .
After leaving the business , Laura Chin said her mother continued cooking for family members and friends .
She also enjoyed teaching others how to cook .
" Even the day before she died , she was telling us how to cook soup , " Laura Chin said .
Chin came to the hospital with sticky rice -- her daughter 's favorite comfort food -- after Laura 's children were born .
Laura Chin also said she 'll remember how well her mother treated her employees and impressed people with her math skills .
" She would surprise the bankers , " Laura said .
" They would have all their calculators and all this stuff and she could figure out numbers faster than they could .
They would just look at her and say , ' Really ?
Wow , she 's right . ' "
Chin is survived by five children , including Laura Chin , the only one who still lives in the Twin Cities area .
Chin also has 11 grandchildren .
Her husband , Tony Chin , died earlier .
The restaurant chain bearing her name now has more than 40 locations mostly in the Twin Cities area .
The fiancé of Neda Agha - Soltan , who was killed during protests in Teheran following the Iranian elections last year , visited Israel as guest of Channel 2 , the station reported Friday evening .
Soltan ’s death was caught on a video widely disseminated through the Internet and on news outlets , and she has become a symbol of the Iranian opposition .
Caspian Makan was tortured by the Iranian government and escaped to Canada following Neda ’s death .
He had said his dream was to come to Israel .
Now , that Makan landed here , he will have the honor of meeting President Shimon Peres .
“ I have come here out of the brotherhood of nations , ” Makan told Channel 2 .
“ Neda was just a voice that yearned for freedom .
In the name of this cause she joined the protesters and this is why she was murdered by agents of the regime , ” Makan said .
“ I was arrested six days after Neda ’s murder , because I exposed crimes committed by the regime , ” a weary - looking Makan said .
In trembling voice , Makan said there was hope for change in Iran .
“ The Iranian people is aware of the rights its being denied .
Today the Iranian people is steadfast to achieve victory and to overthrow the current regime .
” Makan said he hoped for an Iran “ where no man comes against his fellowman , with no more executions , no more war , no more murder .
” Asked what he would tell Neda if he knew she could hear him , Makan said “ I will continue along her path .
Her path was the path of freedom , notjust for Iranians but for the whole world .
“ Love for mankind was part of [ Neda ’s ] being , ” Makan said .
LATEST ALBUM NOW AVAILABLE
Willy Blizzard ’s latest album Armadillo Road delivers their signature indie- roots sound in nine original songs written by lead vocalist John Hough .
The songs are diverse in theme and place in the way that a songwriter tends to wander , like the band itself .
You ’ll hear Southern influences here , as well as songs true to their Northern roots .
Includes guest appearances from Juno award winner Lester Quitzau , Jeffrey Hatcher ( Blues Shadows w/ Billy Cowsill ) , Adam Dobres ( Wailin ’ Jenny ’s guitar player ) all backing the warm three - part vocals of Willy Blizzard .
Listen to our new album here
So I have wanted to tackle this topic for a while and the final piece came into focus today as SBJ ( Sports Business Journal ) released some interesting numbers about fans and " avid fans "
There are two things that stick out to me , first is that growth of 7 % among men 18 - 34 over the last decade is exactly what so many of us have tried to say was happening .
To see that the 7 % is tops among all major sports is a huge factor that validates the investment of MLS owners and should speak loudly to both TV and league sponsors .
The numbers also show while the Hispanic market is important to MLS , the league is far less important to them , soccer is important to them , but it is clear that twice as many continue to support teams in Mexico over MLS .
This despite years of attempting to market the league to them .
After the jump we look at what I believe is the key to long term MLS success .
So for me the question is how to turn the 27.8 % of people who said they were MLS fans into a larger number of " Avid Fans " ?
No sport has a higher number of " Avid Fans " than the NFL that have 31.9 % using that title vs. 67.1 % who simply say they are NFL fans .
If MLS can convert a higher percentage ( currently 20 % ) then we will be moving in the right direction , if MLS were able to turn half of their fans into " Avid Fans " it would give them a higher percentage than NASCAR , the NHL , and have them close to the numbers of the NBA and College Basketball
So ask yourself what kind of fan are you , if your not sure click here to take the Octagon " Passion Driver " quiz , it is just 5 questions and could reveal something you did n't know about your passion level for the sport .
I like the list of the more detailed Octagon survey which measures passion by :
Team Devotion
All Consuming
Talk & Socializing
Personal Indulgence
Sense of Belonging
Nostalgia
Gloating
Player Excitement
Love of the Game
Active Appreciation
Player Affinity
TV Preference
There is a lot of research done on sports fans , I will be putting together a look at some of that data later in the week , but click the link above and take the survey .
Then come back a post your results in the comments .
OFF MY SOAPBOX
Lucia de Berk is a Dutch nurse who has spent six years of a life sentence in jail for murdering seven people in a killing spree that never happened .
She will hear about her appeal on Wednesday , and there is now little doubt that she will be cleared .
The statistical errors in the evidence against her were so crass that they can be explained in one newspaper column .
So will the people who jailed her apologise ?
The case against Lucia was built on a suspicious pattern : there were nine incidents on a ward where she worked and Lucia was present during all of them .
This could be suspicious but it could be a random cluster , best illustrated by the " Texas sharpshooter " phenomenon : imagine I am firing a thousand machinegun bullets into the side of a barn .
I remove my blindfold , find three bullets very close together and paint a target around them .
Then I announce that I am an Olympic standard rifleman .
This is plainly foolish .
All across the world , nurses are working on wards where patients die , and it is inevitable that on one ward , in one hospital , in one town , in one country , somewhere in the world , you will find one nurse who seems to be on a lot when patients die .
It 's very unlikely that one particular prespecified person will win the lottery but inevitable someone will win : we do n't suspect the winner of rigging the balls .
And did the idea that there was a killer on the loose make any sense , statistically , for the hospital as a whole ?
There were six deaths over three years on one ward where Lucia supposedly did her murdering .
In the three preceding years , before she arrived , there were seven deaths .
So the death rate on this ward went down at the precise moment that a serial killer moved in .
Even more bizarre was the staggering foolishness by some statistical experts used in the court .
One , Henk Elffers , a professor of law , combined individual statistical tests by taking p-values – a mathematical expression of statistical significance – and multiplying them together .
This bit is for the nerds : you do not just multiply p-values together , you weave them with a clever tool , like maybe ' Fisher 's method for combination of independent p-values ' .
If you multiply p-values together , then chance incidents will rapidly appear to be vanishingly unlikely .
Let 's say you worked in 20 hospitals , each with a pattern of incidents that is purely random noise : let 's say p=0.5 .
If you multiply those harmless p-values , of entirely chance findings , you end up with a final p-value of p < 0.000001 , falsely implying that the outcome is extremely highly statistically significant .
By this reasoning , if you change hospitals a lot , you automatically become a suspect .
One statistician — Richard Gill — has held the Dutch courts ' feet to the fire , writing endless papers on these laughable statistical flaws ( qurl.com / gill ) .
Alongside the illusory patterns he has identified , there was one firm piece of forensic evidence .
Some traces of the drug digoxin were found in one baby who died .
The baby had previously been prescribed digoxin , months previously .
Three court toxicologists now say the digoxin was not the cause of death .
Even the Dutch state prosecution now accepts Lucia should be acquitted and there was no evidence of any unnatural deaths , though her convictions for stealing two books from the hospital library – a charge she denies – will be upheld .
Now living with her partner while awaiting judgment , Lucia is penniless , denied benefits , and paralysed down one side following a stroke she had in 2006 in the week she was told her conviction would be upheld .
Watch what the Dutch legal system does next because it owes her a great deal .
Mr Taylor was found in the stadium 's South stand
No further action is to be taken over the death of a 30 - year - old Blackburn Rovers fan at Stoke City 's Britannia Stadium last month , police say .
John Taylor was found unconscious in the south stand concourse , being used by visiting fans , during Stoke City 's match against Blackburn on 6 February .
Mr Taylor , from Darwen in Lancashire , died in hospital from a head injury .
The Crown Prosecution Service said no further action would be taken against a man , 25 , arrested at the time .
' Brilliant dad '
The man , from Preston , was arrested after the incident and later released on bail , police said at the time .
Initial reports suggested Mr Taylor may have been hit on the head with a bin .
Staffordshire Police said it had handed a file to the CPS but now the matter would not be taken any further .
Mr Taylor 's family paid tribute to him last month , describing him as a " perfect and brilliant dad " .
They said he was a life - long Blackburn Rovers fan and " lived for his weekends , going to football " .
Your data is your life , and if you ’re not backing it up regularly , you ’re flirting with disaster .
Performing Backup of critical data should be a routine activity for a computer user .
Unfortunately , it does not happen this way and usually people do n’t care about it until something goes wrong .
There are many reasons which can Read More
An XML tutorial for iOS to help you choose the best xml parser for your iPhone project , complete with benchmarking and a sample project .
There are a lot of options when it comes to parsing XML on the iPhone .
The iPhone SDK comes with two different libraries to choose from , and there are several popular third party libraries available such as TBXML , TouchXML , KissXML , TinyXML , and GDataXML .
How is a developer to choose the best XML parser for their project ?
I have been recently taking a look at the various options out there , and ended up extending the XMLPerformance sample from Apple to try out each of the above libraries to learn how they worked and compare their performance .
I thought I ’d share what I ’ve learned thus far to others who might be searching for the best XML library for their iPhone project .
In this XML tutorial we ’ll give a detailed comparison of the features and performance of the most popular iPhone libraries , explain how to choose between them , and give a sample project showing how to read XML data using each of the above libraries .
SAX vs. DOM
Before we begin , I wanted to make sure everyone is aware of the most important difference between XML parsers : whether the parser is a SAX or a DOM parser .
A SAX parser is one where your code is notified as the parser walks through the XML tree , and you are responsible for keeping track of state and constructing any objects you might want to keep track of the data as the parser marches through .
A A DOM parser reads the entire document and builds up an in - memory representation that you can query for different elements .
Often , you can even construct XPath queries to pull out particular pieces .
Ok , now let ’s discuss some of the libraries !
The Most Popular XML Parsers for the iPhone
In my research , here ’s what seemed to me to be the most popular XML Parsers for the iPhone , and a brief description of each one :
NSXMLParser is a SAX parser included by default with the iPhone SDK .
It ’s written in Objective - C and is quite straightforward to use , but perhaps not quite as easy as the DOM model .
libxml2 is an Open Source library that is included by default with the iPhone SDK .
It is a C - based API , so is a bit more work to use than NSXML .
The library supports both DOM and SAX processing .
The libxml2 SAX processor is especially cool , as it has a unique feature of being able to parse the data as it ’s being read .
For example , you could be reading a large XML document from the network and displaying data that you ’re reading for it to the user while you ’re still downloading .
TBXML is a lightweight DOM XML parser designed to be as quick as possible while consuming few memory resources .
It saves time by not performing validation , not supporting XPath , and by being read - only – i.e. you can read XML with it , but you ca n’t then modify the XML and write it back out again .
TouchXML is an NSXML style DOM XML parser for the iPhone .
Like TBXML , it is also read - only , but unlike TBXML it does support XPath .
KissXML is another NSSXML style DOM XML parser for the iPhone , actually based on TouchXML .
The main difference is KissXML also supports editing and writing XML as well as reading .
TinyXML is a small C - based DOM XML parser that consists of just four C files and two headers .
It supports both reading and writing XML documents , but it does not support XPath on its own .
However , you can use a related library – TinyXPath – for that .
GDataXML is yet another NSXML style DOM XML parser for the iPhone , developed by Google as part of their Objective - C client library .
Consisting of just a M file and a header , it supports both reading and writing XML documents and XPath queries .
Ok , now let ’s start comparing all these libraries !
XML Parser Performance Comparison App
Apple has made an excellent code sample called XMLPerformance that allows you to compare the time it takes to parse a ~900 KB XML document containing the top 300 iTunes songs with both the NSXML and libxml2 APIs .
The sample allows you to choose a parsing method and then parse the document , and it keeps statistics on how long it took to download the file and parse the file in a database .
You can then go to a statistics screen to see the average download and parse times for each method .
I thought this would be an ideal way to test out how these various APIs performed against each other , so I extended the sample to include all of the above libraries .
You can download the updated project below if you want to try it out on your device .
It also serves as a nice example of how to use each of the above APIs !
Download Updated XMLPerformance Project
A note on the project : if the library included XPath support , I used it for a single lookup , because I felt it represented the way the library would be used in practice .
But of course XPath is generally slower than manually walking through the tree , so it adds to the benchmarks for those libraries .
So anyway – I ’ll discuss the results of how things performed on my device here with the sample written as - is – but feel free to give it a shot on your device , or tweak the code based on the actual XML data you need to parse !
XML Parser Performance Comparison
Here ’s some graphs that shows how quickly the various parsers parsed the XML document on my device ( an iPhone 3Gs ) :
As you can see here , NSXMLParser was the slowest method by far .
TBXML was the fastest , which makes sense because many features were taken out in order to optimize parse time for reading only .
I was surprised , however , to see that TBXML and some of the other DOM parsing methods performed faster than libxml2 ’s SAX parser , which I had thought would be the fastest of all of the methods .
I have n’t profiled it , but my guess as to why it is slower is because of the frequent string compares needed to parse the document in the SAX method .
However , do n’t discount libxml2 ’s SAX method by looking at this chart .
Remember that libxml2 is the only one of these methods that can parse the document as it ’s reading in – so it can let your app start displaying data right away rather than having to let the download finish first .
Ok , here ’s a graph that shows the peak memory usage by parser ( this was obtained through running the various methods through the Object Allocations tool ) :
Note that the DOM methods usually require more memory overhead than the SAX methods ( with the exception of TBXML , which is indeed quite efficient ) .
This is something to consider when you are dealing with especially large documents , given the memory constraints on an iPhone .
Also note that libxml2 ’s SAX method is the best option as far as peak memory usage is concerned ( and I suspect it would scale better than the others as well ) .
Finally , let ’s wrap up with a chart that summarizes the differences between the parsers and everything we ’ve discussed above :
NSXML libxml2 – SAX TBXML TouchXML KissXML TinyXML GDataXML libxml2 – DOM Included with SDK ?
Yes Yes No No No No No Yes Seconds to Parse 1.87 1.19 0.68 1.1 1.37 1.27 1.07 0.84 Peak Memory Usage 3.11 3.01 3.07 6.5 5.25 4.8 4.15 4.97 Parse While Downloading ?
No Yes No No No No No No Edit / Save XML ?
No No No No Yes Yes Yes Yes XPath Support ?
No No No Yes Yes Yes * Yes Yes C or Obj - C Obj - C C Obj - C Obj - C Obj - C C Obj - C C License Apple MIT MIT MIT MIT ZLib Apache MIT
* = with TinyXPath
Which To Choose ?
Which XML parser to choose really depends on what you want to do with the parser .
If you just want to read small XML documents , performance does n’t matter as much with small documents .
You probably want to pick something with XPath support and something that is written in Objective - C to make your job easier .
So I ’d recommend either TouchXML , KissXML , or GDataXML for this case .
If you want to both read and write small XML documents , again performance does n’t matter as much as functionality and ease of use .
You probably want to pick something with XPath support , written in Objective - C , with read / write capability .
So I ’d recommend KissXML or GDataXML for this case .
If you want to read extremely large XML documents , performance is the critical issue here .
You ’ll want to consider libxml2 SAX , TBXML , or libxml DOM for this , depending on what your exact situation is .
What about the ones I did n’t mention ?
NSXML is a decent choice if you ’re dealing with relatively small documents , and you do n’t feel like adding a third party library to the SDK .
TinyXML could be an OK choice for medium sized documents if you already have experience with the API and are comfortable with C as it ports quite easily over to the iPhone .
I took a look at two other XML libraries during the course of this investigation ( VTD - XML and Objective - XML ) , but I could n’t get them working .
If someone else has had more luck with these , feel free to extend the sample project to include them !
Where To Go From Here ?
If you ’re looking for some help using one of these libraries , check out my post on How to Read and Write XML Documents with GDataXML .
And if anyone has any additional feedback about these libraries or tips that may help other developers , please chime in below !
Jim Stingl In My Opinion SHARE Stingl Videos Periodically , columnist Jim Stingl hits the streets of Milwaukee .
To see his latest video columns , click the thumbnails below .
Loading ...
There are times when you need a cop , and other times when calling the police may compound your troubles .
Aidan Keyes just learned the difference .
The 18 - year - old was driving home to South Milwaukee from his girlfriend 's house in Shorewood late at night last week .
He was heading south on the Lake Parkway near Carferry Drive , and he was n't speeding , he said .
" There was a fox walking in the road .
I turned my wheel to stop myself from hitting it , and I hit my tire and wheel on the median , " said Aidan , who is a senior at South Milwaukee High School .
The impact blew out the left - front tire and ruined the wheel of the family minivan .
Aidan limped the vehicle to the side of the road and tried calling his parents .
Their cells were turned off .
Then he called his girlfriend , and her mother told him to call 911 .
So he did .
A Milwaukee County sheriff 's deputy soon showed up and , apparently unsympathetic to the part about the fox , slapped Aidan with a citation for failure to control his vehicle .
Thanks to Aidan , the fox walked away unhurt .
The punishment for Aidan 's good deed is a fine of $ 216 , plus four points off his license .
Hardly seems fair .
I hope this is n't how the county is turning a budget deficit into a surplus .
" I thought that was pretty ridiculous .
I 'm getting ticketed for not hitting an animal , " Aidan said .
By the way , Aidan did n't call me to complain about this .
He mentioned it to a teacher , who contacted me .
His father , Nick Keyes , now wishes he had left his cell phone turned on that night .
This tale offers one argument in favor of keeping your landline , I suppose .
" I told him , this is the sad truth .
If you 're not hurt and there 's no other vehicle involved , calling the police is merely an invitation for trouble .
They do n't appreciate being hauled out there , so they gave him a ticket , " Nick said .
" Maybe they did n't believe him that he saw a fox , but there 's plenty of foxes in Bay View . "
" If I had talked to him , I would have told him right away , I 'll be right there , " the father said .
The 2005 Toyota Sienna was towed that night to a lot at 83rd and National in West Allis , Nick said .
He and his son went to pick it up the next day .
That cost $ 132 .
They put on the spare tire and drove it to a Toyota dealer , where it remains still .
Damage to the suspension and steering turned out to be $ 4,000 , Nick said .
Insurance will cover most of it .
The ticket is an additional burden the Keyes family does n't need .
They also found it odd that the deputy gave Aidan a ride to the corner of College and Pennsylvania avenues but not the remaining mile or two to his home at 3 a.m .
Sheriff 's Department spokeswoman Capt .
Aisha Barkow said the deputy dropped off Aidan at a well - lighted gas station and was told he would get a ride home from someone else .
Aidan told me he walked the rest of the way .
Regarding the ticket , Barkow said it 's the deputy 's discretion , and in this instance he believed Aidan had over - steered and indeed failed to control the van .
Barkow said she 's not questioning Aidan 's story , but added , " We could have everyone saying they swerved to avoid some object . "
She also rejected the father 's view ( and mine ) that calling law enforcement was the wrong choice .
Safety is the most important consideration , she said .
A court date is set for May 5 .
If Aidan is able to appear in front of a reasonable traffic judge , there may be a way to outfox the Sheriff 's Department yet .
More Stingl online Go to www.jsonline.com/video to see Jim Stingl 's video columns .
Call Jim Stingl at ( 414 ) 224-2017 or e-mail at jstingl@journalsentinel.com
Dr. King ’s prophetic last speech
Not much to add , except when Dr King stood alone against the US government following his “ Beyond Vietnam ” speech where he condemned US imperialism it was n’t just the media and the politicians who turned against him .
According to polls cited by Tavis Smiley 55 % of Black people turned against him too .
Yet he never backed down .
He was only 39 years old when taken from us , autopsy reports indicated he had the heart of a man of 60 .
It was n’t easy , doing what was right .
But Dr King did it .
Interview conducted March 30 , 2010 .
Listen to the interview .
Scott ’s collection of OKC audio clips here .
Scott ’s collection of Jesse Trentadue ’s court files here .
For Antiwar.com and KAOS radio 95.9 in Austin , Texas , I ’m Scott Horton .
This is Antiwar Radio .
And our first guest on the show today is Jesse Trentadue .
He ’s an attorney from Salt Lake City , Utah .
Welcome to the show , Jesse , how ’re you doing ?
Jesse Trentadue : Thank you very much .
Scott Horton : I really appreciate you joining us here .
All right , so , I guess I ’ll give a short introduction to the story here , just to catch everybody up , and I ’ll try to make the long story short if I can : Jesse ’s brother , Kenneth Michael Trentadue , was tortured to death in federal custody in the summer of 1995 .
And it turns out the reason , the probable reason anyway that he was tortured to death in federal custody , was because it was a case of mistaken identity .
They were trying to get him to admit that he was a guy named Richard Lee Guthrie , who was one of the John Does suspected in the Oklahoma City bombing .
And Kenneth Trentadue , unfortunately , was just at the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong color hair , the wrong truck , the wrong dragon tattoo on his arm , and they were just convinced that he was Richard Guthrie , and he paid for it with his life .
And a massive cover - up commenced , but they did n’t realize that they were messing with Jesse Trentadue , who happens to be a lawyer in Utah and knows how to work the system to , well , approach a remedy and justice .
And so this is how Jesse ’s story has become one with the story , the true story , of what happened behind the Oklahoma City bombing .
And just in the last week Jesse has gotten refused by the court on some motions , some Freedom of Information
Act suits that he had filed against the Central Intelligence Agency for any files that they had about the Oklahoma City bombing , and even though the files that he was suing for were denied , the judge ’s decision on why he was denied was full of all kinds of extra interesting things itself .
So , do I have that basically right , Jesse ?
Please correct me if I went off the story anywhere there , and then maybe please let ’s get into what the judge ’s decision actually said here .
Trentadue : Nope , I think you ’re absolutely right .
And one of the things your listeners should know is , I did n’t start out to solve the Oklahoma City bombing .
I started out to find out who killed my brother , and as it happened , every lead I came across took me back to the bombing in Oklahoma City in April of 1995 , including a message I received from Tim McVeigh shortly before he was executed .
I mean they sent me a message that when he saw my brother ’s picture and heard what happened to him , he said that I want you to know that essentially the FBI probably killed him because they thought he was John Doe 2 , who was Richard Lee Guthrie .
Horton :
That ’s what McVeigh said in his letter to you .
Trentadue : Yes .
He sent a message out to me .
Horton :
And now , let ’s see , he was executed in the early summer , late spring , I guess , 2001 .
How much of your story had already been out at that point ?
I mean , was there already , for example , could he have read in the McCurtain Gazette J.D. Cash ’s writing about you and was just tagging along on that , or was this " there was no other way for him to know " ?
Trentadue :
There was no other way for him to know .
None of this story was out .
Horton :
When , at which point did JD Cash get in contact with you ?
Trentadue : I think it was about 2003 , 2004 .
Horton : Wow .
Trentadue : So , we had no knowledge .
We had no motive .
Horton :
Well what did you think when you got that letter from McVeigh ?
When did you get that letter from McVeigh ?
Trentadue :
It was shortly before he was executed .
It was n’t a letter , he sent me a message .
Horton : A message .
Trentadue : One of his contacts .
He said that he wants you to know this .
And I had never put it together before .
I could never understand why we was getting such a fight from the federal government over an obvious murder .
I could n’t understand why all the evidence was disappearing .
You know , crime scene photographs disappeared .
The logbooks disappeared .
Surveillance cameras supposedly did n’t work .
All my brother ’s bloodstained clothing was removed and destroyed before his body was turned over to the medical examiner .
The medical examiner was n’t allowed into the scene , it was cleaned and painted before he was allowed in .
All these things were happening and I could n’t understand why they were happening over the death of an ordinary person .
And shortly after he was killed , I received an anonymous call , probably December or January , December of ’ 95 , January of ’ 96 , and I did n’t pay much attention to it but the caller said your brother was killed by the FBI , it was a case of mistaken identity , they thought he was a member of this group who was robbing banks to get money to attack the federal government , and they said he fit a profile of someone .
And I , I of course just dismissed that as just some crank call .
And later that year , in the summer of 1996 , I read an article about the so - called suicide of Richard Lee Guthrie , who was a member of the Midwest bank robbery gang , and the article simply said that they were robbing banks to get money to attack the federal government , butâ € ”
Horton :
And he killed himself in prison , too .
Trentadue : Yeah .
Horton : Just like they tried to say about your brother .
Trentadue : And I had an eyewitness named Alden Gillis Baker , and a month before the trial was to start in 2000 , they found him hanging in his cell too .
All three , Guthrie , my brother , and Baker supposedly committed suicide by hanging themselves in federal custody .
Horton :
Well you know the last time we spoke you mentioned that the expert , who I guess was sent by the government to examine the videotapes of what happened on the cell block that night was ordered not to discuss what was in the tapes and then himself was found dead , but I did n’t ask the obvious follow - up then , which was , do you know how he died ?
Trentadue :
They claim he had a heart attack .
But this man was a world - famous videographer .
He had did the videotape analysis in the Rodney King trial .
And he called me up and told me , he said , the videographer said , I told the FBI that the tapes had been erased , and they immediately took the tapes back , the camera back , and told me not to write a report , not to talk about this , and he said I want you to know that that ’s what I found .
So he ended up dead about a month , two months before our trial too .
Horton :
To be specific there , he was saying , this expert videographer was not saying the cameras were off , the tapes were blank , he ’s saying these tapes have been erased .
Trentadue :
He said they had been erased .
Horton : Yeah .
All right , well , jeez .
And what was his name ?
Trentadue : Perle , if I remember , Norman Perle .
Horton :
All right , well , so , what do we find out this week ?
What ’s in these new documents ?
This judge told you , no , basically , your latest suit from Freedom of Information Act against the CIA has failed , correct ?
Trentadue :
It has , but , as you pointed out , [ the judge ] did a lot for me and he did a lot for the American people .
He told us things that otherwise we would never have known .
What happened is , I , in order to document the link between my brother ’s murder and the bombing , and the connection to Guthrie , I filed a number of Freedom of Information Act suits .
I sued the FBI .
This time I sued the CIA .
And it was sort of on a hunch , I said to the CIA I want all documents showing your involvement in the Oklahoma City bombing or prior knowledge of that attack .
And they came back and gave me 37 blank pages , 12 documents all together , 37 blank pages , and they were stamped Secret , National Security .
And they said , " Oh by the way , we have all these other documents that are so super secret we can’t even give you blank pages . "
So
Horton :
Do they say how many were the ones that they could n’t release in any form ?
Trentadue :
No , they said that would be disclosing how many they had .
Horton :
So 37 that you know about that they gave you blank pieces of paper .
Here ’s 37 blank pieces of paper , and there ’s another stack of pieces of paper that we can’t even tell you how high it is but you ca n’t have any of that either .
Trentadue :
And it ’s so secret we can’t even get any blank pages .
Horton : Heh .
And , so , what ’d the judge say ?
Trentadue :
Well , I sued them and said I want those documents , and the judge , of course , they came in , and it ’s the very first time anyone in my Freedom of Information suits has ever asserted national security and the exemption of producing .
And that ’s like , it ’s a rock that you ca n’t get around , once the government throws up national security .
And they did more than that .
They said to release these documents would pose a grave threat to the security of the United States of America .
And the judge ’s hands are tied at that point .
It ’s like a shield that he ca n’t go beyond , behind .
But what he did , and I think he did this intentionally , is he wrote his opinion to let me know and the public know that there was a foreign connection to the Oklahoma City bombing .
And he goes through it and he discusses the CIA ’s assistance in helping prosecute Tim McVeigh and Terry Nichols .
And he talks about the contacts with foreign informants , foreign witnesses .
He paints a very clear picture that there was foreign involvement , and of course there has to be because the CIA is a foreign intelligence agency .
By law it cannot operate within the borders of the United States unless , unless there is a foreign element here .
Horton :
So , to paraphrase , basically the judge is telling you , " We ca n’t give you these documents about the CIA ’s involvement with foreign informants that knew something about the Oklahoma City bombing . "
That ’s basically the way he ’s saying it to you .
Trentadue : Yes , he says , " But I want you to know they were there . "
Horton :
Well , now , do you have any real indication as to what he ’s talking about , if this is perhaps , you know , has to do with Andreas Strassmeir or whether this is , you know , along the lines of Jayna Davis and the American Enterprise Institute and trying to pin it on Middle Easterners ?
Trentadue : I think it , I think it was Strassmeir , a German national and a former Army officer and counterterrorist person from the Republic of Germany .
That ’s my opinion .
Of course he does n’t say who , but it ’s my feeling that ’s the person .
Horton :
There ’s no reference in there , is there , to foreign intelligence agencies , are there ?
Trentadue :
There are oblique references .
They talked about our ambassador in one of the documents being contacted by  I ’m trying to remember the exact language .
Oh yes , information a foreign official provided to a United States ambassador .
It talks about a cable relaying information about the Oklahoma City bombing that was provided to a United States ambassador by a foreign official .
Horton :
Well , now , so in a sense this is a dead end because the judge is telling you , " Sorry . "
But , so , do you see perhaps in here opportunities of a way around , based on anything that ’s in these ?
In this ruling ?
Trentadue : No , but I think it ’s significant , what he ’s done .
I mean , in one of the documents is talking about trying to extradite an organized crime figure from another country , that ’s part of the bombing prosecution .
And these things are , this is happening after , after the FBI says " We ’ve caught Tim McVeigh and Terry Nichols , they ’re the ones who did it , end of story . "
So , long after they ’re telling the American public that , the CIA is running down witnesses and suspects in foreign countries for the FBI and the Department of Justice .
But , I think this was important for a number of reasons .
It ’s the first time it ’s ever been documented , no one even suspected , that the CIA was involved in the Oklahoma City bombing .
And , more than that , one of the things that came out is they actually had the Geospatial Intelligence Agency involved .
Now I imagine very few if any of your listeners know what that is , and I certainly did n’t until the name came up in these CIA documents .
And that ’s the spy satellite program the CIA operates .
So you have not only the CIA involved , you have the spy satellite folks involved .
Horton :
Well , you know , I wonder , after all these releases , have you figured out who was running Strassmeir exactly ?
I mean , it seems like it would be kind of strange if the CIA was running him the whole time and then they go doing a big investigation about him after the fact , you know ?
Trentadue : I think it was a joint operation between the FBI and the German government .
You remember the people they targeted were the emerging neo -Nazi movement .
It came to life in the United States .
It was being exported back to Europe .
The German government was petrified that this would take root there .
And so I think it was a joint effort by the German government and the United States through the FBI to do this , infiltrate these groups .
And I ’ve come across a name that makes me believe that is so , because they refer to this operation as PatCon , the FBI did , P - A - T - C - O - N , which was an acronym for Patriot Conspiracy .
And I think the objective was to infiltrate the militia movement , and they targeted this group , a potentially dangerous group in eastern Oklahoma who lived in a compound called Elohim City .
Strassmeir worked his way into that compound as the explosives and weapons inspector , and I think he was an agent provocateur .
I think he ginned those folks up to bomb the Murrah building .
Horton : Yeah , it does seem to be a question of  well and I do n’t to get too far into speculation here because honestly after all these years , you know , my memory fails , and also I ’m not so sure anymore about some of the things I used to think I was more sure about , but it certainly seems as though , you know , Strassmeir was not the only FBI agent or informant in on this and that there ’s enough hard evidence to show , well for example , the last time we spoke we talked about how the ATF informant , Carol Howe , was reporting back on this group of , you know , terrorist plotters and even as admitted by her ATF handler under oath , she even went with them to case the building , and then the next day drove her ATF handler on the same route and said " That ’s the building we cased , " before the bombing ever even happened .
And , so it sure is , it sure seems pretty clear to me that , you know , there was some kind of infiltration , as you said , going on there , but then I guess the question comes down to , does n’t it , whether it was a sting that got out of control or whether this guy Strassmeir ’s mission actually was to get a bombing done .
I mean , after all , there was a bombing , killed 168 people .
Somebody built that bomb .
Trentadue : Carol
Howe reported that four months before the bomb went off .
In one of the documents reported this to the ATF , she went with Strassmeir and others to scout the target .
One of the documents that came out as a result of my suing the FBI was a teletype from FBI headquarters , then Director Louis Freeh , to his field office in Oklahoma City saying that two days before the bombing McVeigh had called Elohim City to speak with Strassmeir asking for more help to carry out the attack .
I mean , they clearly knew , clearly knew in advance it was going to happen .
Now this is something you struggle with and I struggle with , did it go south on them , was the plan to catch the people in the act , or did they really want it to happen .
I  God I had to think it  as much as I hate the FBI , I hate to think it ’s the latter .
You have to look at what they get when there ’s a terrorist attack .
They get all new funding , they get the Patriot Act , they get all these other laws that take away our rights .
Horton :
Well and there are plenty of indications that they really did want to stop it .
I mean , there were plenty of reports , I guess , three or four different reports that said that the bomb squad showed up at the Murrah building at about 7 o’clock that morning and stuck around till about 8 , 8:30 , and then finally I guess shrugged and left .
And then the bomb showed up at 9 .
Trentadue : I ’ve heard those reports and I have no reason to disbelieve them .
Horton :
So , somebody was zooming somebody , and maybe it was McVeigh was , well , let ’s go ahead , as long as we ’re down the rabbit hole here , Jesse , you got any documents showing McVeigh continuing to work for the US military or the US intelligence agencies in any form after he supposedly dropped out of the Army ?
Trentadue : He had …
Two things .
One is out and one , it ’ll be certainly be coming out .
The first one is Terry Nichols .
I got in to see him .
How I did I never understood , but he said that the FBI was work  I mean , that McVeigh was an operative of the FBI .
Now whether he went off the game plan or off the reservation , I do n’t know , but Nichols swears he was working for the government .
And there ’s an inmate named David Paul Hammer who spent about two years on death row with Tim McVeigh , and I speak with Hammer on occasion and help him in some legal matters and we ’ve become friends , I guess , over the years , and he has a book he ’s coming out with here in the not too distant future , by the bombing anniversary , I think , where he just lays out everything McVeigh told him about the bombing , what McVeigh did , who was working with him , where the bomb was built .
Horton : A second book .
Trentadue : A second book .
Horton :
Now what was the  what ’s the title of the first one ?
I forget , it ’s been a couple years .
Trentadue : Secrets Worth Dying For .
Horton :
And anybody , I think , can read that online .
I read the whole thing in PDF format online .
I ’ll try to find the link for it .
[ Sorry , no luck .
- editor . ]
Trentadue : His new one is Deadly Secrets .
And what he ’s done is , a lot of the stuff he told me that he could not document that McVeigh told him , he never bothered to put in the first book as speculation , but since then he ’s been able to confirm a lot of this stuff , and I think the approach he ’s going to take is , he does n’t know whether it ’s true or not , but he does say , and I believe him , that this is what McVeigh told him he did and who all was involved , and it was much more than just Terry Nichols and Tim McVeigh .
Horton :
Well , sure , you know , JD Cash , I forget now , I ’m going to have to go back and listen , Jesse , I forget whether he ever did name these guys .
Um , I think he did actually Now I ’m going to have to go back and look and maybe talk with his buddy Roger
Trentadue : Charles .
Horton : Roger Charles , right .
Um , but JD Cash before he died told me that the bomb was built not at Geary State Lake in Indiana , or if any bomb was built at Geary State Lake in In  er , uh , in Kansas , pardon me , that if any bomb was built there it would have been a decoy or something , that the actual bomb that was in the Ryder truck that went off that morning was built in a garage in Oklahoma City that morning by two Arizona gold miners , one of whom was an FBI informant .
Trentadue :
Well then that is highly likely , but I know David says it was built in a ware - it ’s consistent , was built in a warehouse down on Meridian Boulevard in Oklahoma City that morning .
Horton :
And do you know about the Arizona gold miner angle on that ?
Trentadue : I know it was , he was n’t a gold miner , he was a chemist , or he was a gold miner and a chemist too , I guess .
It ’s my understanding that he and McVeigh were hanging around in the desert near Kingman , Arizona , together .
Horton :
All right , now , for anybody who remembers back then who paid attention and tried to have an unbiased eye to what was going on , I think it was pretty apparent that the trials of McVeigh and Nichols both in Denver were ridiculous sham fake trials , the kind that you would expect to see in some Third World dictatorship or something .
They did nothing but bring witness after witness to talk about how sad they were and then they did nothing but exclude anybody who could shed light on what actually happened there .
And in fact , I have the clip here , I guess I wo n’t play it now , I might try to stick it on the end of the interview here , but there ’s a clip from " 60 Minutes " where one of McVeigh ’s jurors says , " Well , you know , if he did n’t do it , I would expect for someone to come in and testify that , you know , he was with me that day or something , and since that did n’t happen , I had to go ahead and convict . "
In other words , the state did not prove their case at all , the national government , the U.S. Attorney ’s office , did not prove their case beyond saying we ’re really , really sure it was McVeigh .
Now , I do n’t doubt that it was McVeigh , or not very much , I guess I got a 1 % doubt , but  maybe less than 1 %  but certainly there is no doubt whatsoever that they refused to put on a real trial because if they put on a real trial all this stuff about the prior knowledge and Andreas Strassmeir and Carol Howe and all the rest of it would have come out .
In fact , you know , if I ’m going to go as far as compare it to a Third World dictatorship , let me go ahead and add the detail , they indicted Carol Howe for having a pipe in her garage and white supremacist literature consistent with her costume as undercover informant and charged her with conspiracy to bomb people so that she would be under indictment at the time of the McVeigh trial and unable to testify .
And then as soon as the trial was over they dropped the charges against her , they did n’t even try to prosecute her .
It was just a scheme to keep her off the stand , even though Stephen Jones , the lawyer , tried to subpoena her over and over again , obviously .
Trentadue :
And the thing to focus on is Carol Howe .
There ’s that field transcript in federal court in Oklahoma where the ATF agent , I think her name was Finley Gram
Horton : Right , Angela Finley , and then I think there was a marriage thing with the two last names there .
Trentadue : who ’s testifying about Howe had reported that the plan to bomb the Murrah building four months in advance , had gone with Strassmeir and others to scout the target  the first thing the U.S. Attorney does when Graham stops testifying is ask the judge to seal the transcript , and the judge says why , and he says , " We do n’t want it getting out and mucking up the McVeigh trial : the fact that here an ATF agent , an informant , had gone to Oklahoma City to scout the Murrah building to be bombed with people other than McVeigh four months in advance . "
And the judge granted the order , and he ordered the transcript sealed .
Horton :
How do you like that ?
Now , you know , another thing was that there were videotapes that were seen by the Los Angeles Times and NBC News 4 in Oklahoma City , and I think I sent you that audio clip [ .m p3 ] , right ?
Where you were going to try to use that to prove to the judge that these tapes have been seen , the L.A .
Times saw them , and they show McVeigh sit in the truck , according to the News 4 in Oklahoma City , and it ’s John Doe 2 that gets out of the truck , opens the back , lights the fuse , and then they run away  John Doe 2 that does n’t exist .
Trentadue : … that does n’t exist .
And I have a tape , I have a fight now with the FBI over those tapes .
I ’d asked for the tapes taken on the morning of the 19th from the cameras located on the Murrah building and some of the buildings showing the access to the Murrah building .
They produced tapes from the buildings around the Murrah building , but strangely between 8:52 and 9:02 on the morning of April 19th , 1995 , these cameras at different locations go blank at different times as the vehicle passes .
Horton : Amazing .
Trentadue :
But the one they never produced were the cameras , the tapes made from the cameras at the Murrah building , which were recorded off location , so they were n’t damaged in that blast .
And so I now have a motion in front of the federal judge here in Salt Lake City to make them turn over those tapes .
And those are the tapes , the reenactment that you had sent me .
That ’s where I think those tapes that these other people saw came from , the cameras mounted on the exterior of the Murrah building .
And it gets …
Horton :
All right , now .
I ’m sorry , go ahead .
Trentadue :
And it gets more incredible , I mean , one of the things I have is I have affidavits from the people who knew how the surveillance system worked in the Murrah building including one from an Oklahoma City police officer who was on the scene immediately after the blast trying to find survivors and rescue them and they ’re ordered out of the building and the FBI takes the cameras down .
I mean …
Horton : Mmhmm .
Well , and you know there were three different bomb scares after the bombing where they said " We found an undetonated bomb , everybody run . "
And I guess I used to just be convinced that that meant that they found an undetonated bomb , but maybe there was something else going on there .
I guess JD Cash thought that there were not internal explosives but that the ATF , for example , had a tow missile up in their offices that they had to get rid of and maybe some other things .
And I guess you ’re saying it sounds like one of these bomb scares was about getting rid of the security cameras .
Trentadue :
It was .
They went in immediately and took the cameras down off the building .
And why , within minutes of the blast , when people are searching frantically due to rubble trying to rescue the people and save lives , would the FBI order the rescuers out and then remove the cameras ?
Horton :
Well and we also know that , and this , you know , was all over the Associated Press and everything else at the time , that when the ATF showed up in full battle gear a few minutes after the thing happened and admitted to people on scene that they had been warned on their pagers not to go to work that day , and when they got called out for that , they tried to lie , and one of the ATF agents said  made up this whole story about how he was in the elevator and it free fell and then he rescued a bunch of people and was a big hero , and the elevator repair companies , I think it was both elevator companies in Oklahoma City , came out and said that never happened .
And one of the elevator repair guys or the contractor said that is " pure fantasy " that this elevator was in free fall , whatever , and in fact that agent was not in the building .
That ’s why he had to make up the story .
Trentadue :
There is so much about this tragedy that ’s unknown , and yet 15 years later more and more comes out , and as you said , it ’s pretty clear now that the United States government had prior knowledge and failed to stop it , whether that was intentional or a screw - up , I do n’t know if we ’ll ever know , but they knew .
Horton :
How unprecedented is it , do you think , in a case like this  well I do n’t know how many cases there are like this , but  one of the things that the judge wrote in his opinion rejecting your Freedom of Information
Act suits against the CIA was , he really seemed to go to lengths to document the fact that they helped , the CIA helped the Department of Justice prepare their case , this is worse than the kangaroo trial or two that took place in Denver back in 1997 .
Trentadue : I think he wanted people to know that , and see the CIA is not a law enforcement agency .
They do n’t have the right to prosecute anyone .
They have no right to charge anyone .
Now they may torture and murder people abroad , but they ’re not law enforcement , so they should not be involved at all in the prosecution .
Yet the judge makes it clear they were all over that prosecution .
Horton :
Well and you are a lawyer , you ’re not just a brother .
You , you know , have actual legal experience , so I mean , is this , this kind of , I mean well look , let ’s say if it was the Moussaoui case , right , you ’d have the CIA helping the Department of Justice with that , right , because they got …
Trentadue : Because there was a foreign involvement .
Horton :
Although probably not helping them build the case , right , they would just give them intelligence maybe , but
Trentadue :
This looks like that what the judge says they were helping make the case .
Horton :
What do you know about current Attorney General Eric Holder and his involvement in the Oklahoma City bombing and / or the cover - up thereof ?
Trentadue : Well I know Holder was the one in charge of covering up my brother ’s murder .
He put together what they call a roll - out plan called the Trentadue mission , and it was to prevent any kind of inquiry into my brother ’s murder , no hearings in Congress .
I mean , he strong - armed Senator Hatch , Senator Dorgan , every other senator he could get a hold of to stop any kind of investigation into my brother ’s murder .
He did that personally .
Horton :
And how do you know that ?
Trentadue : Because I have a whole bunch of e-mails back and forth involving Holder and implementing " the Trentadue mission " he called it , documenting what he did and what his role was as Deputy Attorney General .
And I suspect he played the same role in keeping a lid on the bombing .
Horton :
So all those years that I was scratching my head trying to figure out how it could possibly be that Congress never convened a single hearing on any subcommittee in either house when it was run by either party on this case , it was because Eric Holder was doing the shuttle diplomacy there between branches of government preventing Dan Burton , Orrin Hatch , Arlen Specter , Patrick Leahy , people like that , from investigating this case .
Trentadue : Both my brother ’s murder and the bombing .
It ’s my understanding there ’s never been a hearing on the bombing .
Horton : Now , you mentioned Dana Rohrabacher before and how he was trying to do something and it ’d been shut down .
Has he given up ?
Trentadue : I do n’t know .
Horton : Because he was going to hold hearings I think .
Trentadue :
He tried to , but the FBI ignored his subpoenas and refused to produce documents , refused to produce witnesses , just told him to go pound sand .
Horton :
And I guess he would need a majority to vote to hold them in contempt of Congress , or something like that , is that how that works ?
Trentadue :
It would , and he would not get that vote , because I suspect that the others in Congress , the ones who chair the committees , knew very well that this story would go right to the highest levels of Justice in the administration .
And they were not going to let that happen .
Horton :
All right , now , what do you have , and you know , I just , I should n’t make this personal , but I guess I kind of am making it personal .
Every day I turn on TV and somebody from the Southern Poverty Law Center is saying that anyone who does not approve of whatever the administration is doing at any given time is basically a neo -Nazi , basically responsible for the Oklahoma City bombing .
If you ’re a member of the Tea Party movement , which I am certainly not and have not much in common with , but according to them , if you ’re a member of the Tea Party movement , then , well , you ’re basically John Doe No. 2 .
And , you know , it ’s extra frustrating to me since John Doe 2 apparently was an undercover FBI informant and they get to go ahead and continue to , you know , beat any dissent against a Democratic [ Party ] controlled government over the head with this bombing .
Um , but it ’s always somebody from the Southern Poverty Law Center who is the guest , the expert guest , who gets to tell us how many hate groups there are in America at any given time and conflate basically anybody to the right of Rachel Maddow together with Timothy McVeigh .
And so I ’m kinda curious to know what evidence you have , Jesse , that the Southern Poverty Law Center was in any way involved with the neo -Nazi / cops who did the Oklahoma bombing .
Trentadue :
Well it appears , and first of all , I agree with you , it ’s a sad state in our country ’s history where to voice an opinion means you ’re attacked from one side or the other .
It means you no longer discuss things as a nation or a people .
That we ’ve become so divided now that you ’re either one side or the other or forced into one side or the other .
But for the Southern Poverty Law Center , they had , and they ’ve had  they had apparently informants , another level of informant , at Elohim City at the same time that Strassmeir and Carol Howe and the other government informants were there .
These documents that I ’ve had them produce , and not widely reported on , refer to the Southern Poverty Law Center reporting to the FBI the information it was receiving from its informants at Elohim City about the bombing .
Horton : Now do you know who those informants were ?
Trentadue : I do not .
Horton :
Are there any indications whether …
Trentadue :
The names are blacked out .
The FBI pleaded with the judge not to turn over any of the documents because they said they had guaranteed five or six people anonymity and confidentiality and it would expose them to risk of their life if their names were disclosed , and the judge said " Well , black out the names but turn the documents over . "
So I have documents talking about the informants , but the informants ’ names are redacted or blacked out .
By their own admission they ’ve had five or six there that they had promised protection .
Horton : Hmm .
But I guess , are there any other … because , you know , I remember JD Cash talking about this back in the day and I forget whether he said there was any other indication as to the identities of the informants that were working with Morris Dees .
Trentadue : I suspect that Strassmeir was reporting to the Southern Poverty Law Center too .
Horton :
See that was something about this , right ?
 was Janet Reno ’s order restricting , I think this is what JD Cash told me , that there was a guideline from the Justice Department that went down that said or that in some way restricted the authority of the FBI to infiltrate groups .
Trentadue : A religious compound .
I talked to JD about that and he ’s absolutely right .
He believed that it was a cutout operation that the FBI was , that the Southern Poverty Law Center was a straw man being run by the FBI in this operation because the FBI could not , because it was a governmental entity , invade this religious compound .
And Elohim City claimed to be a right - wing Christian fundamentalist compound .
Horton :
Well but there ’s all kinds of other evidence that any number of these guys were actually working for the FBI as either cops or like perhaps Strassmeir paid informants , people who ’ve been , you know , threatened with prosecution and then turned state ’s witness and , you know , should we go down the list here ?
I mean there ’s quite a bit of FBI work going on at Elohim City .
Was it all being outsourced through the SPLC ?
Trentadue : I do n’t know , but I think a large part may have been , at least from the documents that I ’ve been given , I mean , or that the judge has ordered released .
They were very active there .
But I do n’t think it was all run through them .
The ATF for example had Carol Howe and probably others .
Horton :
Well that was certainly separate , yeah , the ATF ’s thing with Carol Howe .
Well now have you sued for any records of Andreas Strassmeir in any possible spelling inside FBI or CIA databases ?
Trentadue :
They take the position that it would be an invasion of his privacy to turn ’em over .
Horton : Well , but can ’t …
Trentadue : I am in contact  actually Strassmeir contacted me .
Horton : Really ?!
Trentadue :
Once the documents were starting to come out , and it was obvious to me he was worried about what I was receiving , and I did n’t hide anything from him .
I said sure , I ’ll send you the copies , but he was worried that there was something going to come out with his name on it .
And it did , ironically .
Horton :
Well , now , you ’re the lawyer here , so that ’s the  it ’s the government that says , oh , it would violate his privacy , but then you get to say , " No , but judge , that does n’t mean anything because we have this guy ’s name in these other documents , and so , come on ! "
Right ?
Trentadue : Right , the judge ordered one of them produced and it does have Strassmeir ’s name in it , for that very reason , he ’d already …
Horton :
But that ’s it , though .
You ca n’t use that and say , but look , so we want the rest , because look how important this one is ?
Trentadue : Well , it did n’t work that way .
But I asked Strassmeir if he would give me a waiver of his privacy right so I could get the documents , and he said no .
Horton : Interesting .
Well he certainly did plead his innocence to the BBC report that they did a couple of years back , I ’m not sure how convincing it was .
I ’ll tell you what is convincing to me .
Well , first of all , reading this pile of PDF files , which I promise to the audience I ’m going to try to get all of these titled without spaces so they can be easily linked to and get them all uploaded and continually update my stash of Trentadue documents , but kind of the , I guess the icing on the cake for me here is the fact that Rick Ojeda , a former FBI agent , told me on KAOS Radio that he was looking into leads that led him straight to Elohim City , the neo - Nazi compound there in eastern Oklahoma , and that his bosses called him off .
As far as he knows , nobody was ever assigned to follow up any more , that he knew that even after they admitted that they had withheld boxes and boxes of evidence from McVeigh ’s attorneys that the stuff he reported still was not in there .
And then also in that BBC special , Danny Colson , one of the five FBI agents running the case , says he wants a new grand jury .
He thinks that there ’s a lot more to this .
Which is amazing to me , how could he not know for a fact there ’s more to it if these guys were all FBI informants , like it seems .
But still .
Trentadue : I think it was run at a very high level .
People say how would you keep a lid on a conspiracy like this , and I think it ’s easy when only the people at the very highest levels of the Department of Justice know about it .
It ’s easy to do it then .
Horton :
All right , well , uh , listen , I really appreciate you joining us on the show today , Jesse , and I wish you the best of luck in your continuing efforts to uncover the truth .
I mean , you still do n’t know who killed your brother , do you ?
Trentadue : No .
No I do n’t .
Horton : And , uh …
Trentadue :
But I think I ’m closer now than I ’ve ever been .
This ruling puts this out there too , I mean , people are not paying attention to this but this judge made it clear that there was a foreign element involved in that attack and one the government has worked very hard to keep secret .
Horton :
Well , I noticed , uh , well I guess you sent me this , Homeland Security Today , hstoday .us , I guess , you know , this is basically read by cops throughout our country .
" CIA Aided DOJ Prosecutors in 1995 Oklahoma Bombing Case , Secret CIA Documents Withheld in FOIA Suit Raise More Questions Than They Answer , " is this headline , so let ’s … Come on , Washington Post and Associated Press !
Yeah right , let ’s see .
We ’ll wait and see .
Trentadue : Do n’t hold your breath .
Horton :
All right , well listen , best of luck to you , and I really appreciate you forwarding on all these documents too .
I ’m going to do my best to get a single folder uploaded where everyone can have access to these documents , and I hope we can talk about this again as the case develops further .
Trentadue : I appreciate you having me on .
Horton :
All right .
Thank you very much .
Trentadue : Thank you .
Horton : Everybody , that ’s Jesse Trentadue .
He ’s an attorney in Salt Lake City .
An international team of scientists has discovered striking similarities between the human brain , the nervous system of a worm , and a computer chip .
The finding is reported in the journal PLoS Computational Biology .
" Brains are often compared to computers , but apart from the trivial fact that both process information using a complex pattern of connections in a physical space , it has been unclear whether this is more than just a metaphor , " said Danielle Bassett , first author and a postdoctoral research associate in the Department of Physics at UC Santa Barbara .
The team of scientists from the U.S. , the U.K. , and Germany has uncovered novel quantitative organizational principles that underlie the network organizations of the human brain , high performance computer circuits , and the nervous system of the worm , known as nematode C. elegans .
Using data that is largely in the public domain , including magnetic resonance imaging data from human brains , a map of the nematode 's nervous system , and a standard computer chip , they examined how the elements in each system are networked together .
They found that all three shared two basic properties .
First , the human brain , the nematode 's nervous system , and the computer chip all have a Russian doll - like architecture , with the same patterns repeating over and over again at different scales .
Second , all three showed what is known as Rent 's scaling , a rule used to describe the relationship between the number of elements in a given area and the number of links between them .
Worm brains may seem to have very little in common with human brains and even less in common with computer circuits , explained Bassett .
In fact , each of these systems contains a pattern of connections that are locked solidly in a physical space , similar to how the tracks in a railway system are locked solidly to the ground , forming traffic paths that have fixed GPS coordinates .
A computer chip starts out as an abstract connectivity pattern , which can perform a specific function .
Stage two involves mapping that connectivity pattern onto the two - dimensional surface of the chip .
This mapping is a key step and must be done carefully in order to minimize the total length of wires -- a powerful predictor of the cost of manufacturing a chip -- while maintaining the abstract connectivity or function .
" Brains are similarly characterized by a precise connectivity which allows the organism to function , but are constrained by the metabolic costs associated with the development and maintenance of long ' wires , ' or neurons , " said Bassett .
She explained that , given the similar constraints in brains and chips , it seems that both evolution and technological innovation have developed the same solutions to optimal mapping patterns .
She explained that this scaling result may further explain a well - known but little - understood relationship between the processing elements ( neuronal cell bodies , or gray matter ) and wiring ( axons , or white matter ) in the brains of a wide range of differently sized mammals -- from mouse to opossum to sea lion -- further suggesting that these principles of nervous system design are highly conserved across species .
This work suggests that market - driven human invention and natural selection have negotiated trade - offs between cost and complexity in designing both types of information processing network : brains and computer circuits .
Bassett worked closely with Edward Bullmore , professor of psychiatry at the University of Cambridge .
He explained : " These striking similarities can probably be explained because they represent the most efficient way of wiring a complex network in a confined physical space -- be that a three - dimensional human brain or a two - dimensional computer chip . "
Vicky Ward , Vanity Fair Vanity Fair's Vicky
Ward jumps on another new fun fact around the alleged Goldman fraud ...
The former head of the ill - fated portfolio selection agent ( and CDO buyer ) ACA is married to ( or at least co-habitating with ) Goldman 's Deputy General Counsel :
Alan S. Rosenman [ Roseman ] took over ACA Capital as president and CEO in 2004 - because -- wait for it -- his predecessor Michael Satz had " personal income tax issues " -- ( how murky is this story going to get you must be asking ? )
According to a Business Week article dated April 3 by David Henry and Matthew Goldstein , Rosenman " immediately began to push ACA into CDO insurance , an area his predecessor , Satz , had only begun to explore . "
Rosenman 's wife , or at least partner -- they are listed as sharing a house together for which they paid $ 6.1 million in 2005 in New York -- is Frances " Fran " R. Bermazohn , who is managing director and deputy general counsel at ... Goldman Sachs .
Hmmmn .
I called Mr. Rosenman who gave me the illuminating statement : " I am not offering any comment at this time . "
Important ?
Who knows .
Vicky thinks this makes ACA 's claim that it did n't know that Paulson & Co. planned to bet against the securities in the Abacus CDO less plausible ( because Rosenmann and Bermanzohn would have been whispering all the sweet nothings to each other ) .
We 're not persuaded by that .
But it 's certainly another interesting sub-plot .
Disappearances are some of the coolest unsolved mysteries .
It is amazing to think of what might have become of some of the people on the list .
Was a former NBA player executed by firing squad in Uganda ?
Did Percy Fawcett go mad in the Amazon ?
Was the son of Nelson Rockefeller really eaten by cannibals ?
The world may never know .
The following is a list of people , some famous , some not , who disappeared without a trace .
The list is in no particular order .
10 John Brisker
John Brisker was an American basket ball player who played in the ABA and NBA in the early 1970’s .
Brisker averaged over 20 points per game and was considered a solid defensive player too .
But , his volatile personality and penchant for fighting caused him to be cut from the Seattle Supersonics at the end of the 1975 season .
According to a teammate , Charlie Williams
“ Was an excellent player , but say something wrong to the guy and you had this feeling he would reach into his bag , take out a gun and shoot you . ”
In 1978 Brisker traveled to Uganda , telling his family he was entering the import / export business .
What happened next is one of the enduring mysteries of the 1970’s .
The prevailing theory is that Brisker went to Uganda , not to become a business man , but as a guest of Ugandan strongman Idi Amin .
When Amin was overthrown in 1979 , Brisker was allegedly executed by firing squad .
His body has never been recovered .
9 William Morgan
William Morgan was a would - be author who disappeared near Batavia , New York in 1826 .
What makes his disappearance noteworthy was the involvement of local Freemasons in a conspiracy to silence him .
A failed business man , Morgan attempted to join the fraternal order of Freemasons in Batavia .
Angered by his rejection , Morgan declared his intention to reveal the secrets of the group in an upcoming book .
This action angered local Freemasons , who took out newspaper ads denouncing Morgan and even attempted to burn his newspaper office down .
Morgan was eventually arrested on charges that he owed money and was jailed in Canandaigua , New York .
Later that same night , an unknown man came to the jail claiming to be a friend .
He offered to pay the debt and have Morgan released .
Morgan left the jail with the man and was never seen again .
Three Masons were eventually convicted of kidnapping Morgan , but his body was never found .
The most widely accepted theory is that Morgan was drowned in the Niagara River .
Freemasons , of course , deny this is what happened and claim that Morgan was paid $ 500 to leave the country .
In 1827 , a badly decomposed body was found on the shores of Lake Ontario .
The body was thought to be Morgan ’s , but no positive identification could be made .
The disappearance of William Morgan created widespread anti-Masonic sentiment .
The Anti-Masonic party even fielded a presidential candidate in 1832 .
8 Bobby Dunbar
On August 23 , 1912 , Lessie and Percy Dunbar came face - to - face with every parent ’s worst nightmare , when their four - year - old son Bobby disappeared on a fishing trip near Swayze Lake in St. Landry Parish , Louisiana .
Eight months later , Bobby was found in the custody of William Cantwell Walters .
Walters was convicted of kidnapping and Dunbar was returned to his family .
But the story does n’t end there .
A woman named Julia Anderson , claimed this was case of mistaken identity and that “ Bobby Dunbar ” was actually her son , Charlie Bruce Anderson .
For some reason , Anderson ’s claim was dismissed and Bobby Dunbar was returned to his parents .
More than 90 years later one of Bobby Dunbar ’s grandchildren decided to put an end to the mystery once and for all .
A DNA test conducted on Bobby Dunbar Jr. and the son of Lessie and Percy Dunbar ’s other child , Alonzo , established there was no blood relation !
The child raised as Bobby Dunbar was n’t Bobby Dunbar !
It is now presumed that the real Bobby Dunbar either drowned in the swamp or was killed by an alligator .
The true identity of the fake Bobby Dunbar remains a mystery .
7 Percy Fawcett
Percy Fawcett was a British archaeologist and the inspiration for Indiana Jones .
In 1925 Fawcett , his eldest son Jack and Raleigh Rimell set off deep into the Amazon to find a mythical lost city Fawcett named “ Z ” .
They never returned .
They were last reported crossing the Upper Xingu River , a southeastern tributary of the Amazon .
It is assumed the trio was either killed by natives or simply succumbed to the elements .
Wilder theories have Fawcett going mad and living out his days as the crazed chieftain of a tribe of cannibals !
In 1927 , one of Fawcett ’s nameplates was found by locals and in 1933 a compass , of the type used by Fawcett , was found by Colonel Aniceto Botelho .
Over 100 people have died on numerous expeditions to discover the fate of Fawcett and his companions .
A set of bones , thought to be Fawcett ’s , were discovered in 1951 .
However , DNA testing proved they were not .
The ultimate fate of Fawcett , his son and Rimell , will probably never be known .
6 Charles Nungesser and Francois Coli
Charles Eugène Jules Marie Nungesser ( above ) and Francois Coli were French World War I pilots and rivals of Charles Lindbergh to make the first non-stop transatlantic flight .
On May 8 , 1927 , Nungesser and Coil set off from Paris in a modified Levasseur PL.8 bi-plane , named the White Bird .
The plan was to fly a great circle route over the southwestern part of England and Ireland , across the Atlantic to Newfoundland , then head south to a water landing in New York .
When the plane did n’t arrive , an international search was launched .
Nothing was ever found .
There are two popular theories as to the fate of the White Bird and its crew .
One theory holds that a sudden squall caused the plane to crash in the Atlantic .
A second theory maintains that Nungesser and Coil made it as far as Newfoundland or even Maine before crashing .
This theory is supported by numerous eye witnesses , including Anson Berry , who claimed to have heard a sputtering aircraft fly over his isolated camp at Round Lake , Maine , late in the afternoon of May 9 , 1927 .
Clive Cussler and the NUMA team even got involved in the search , sending divers to search Great Gull Lake .
To date , nothing conclusive has been proven , but small pieces of wreckage found in Maine suggest the plane did reach the coast .
5 Wallace Fard Muhammad
Wallace Fard Muhammad was the founder of the Nation of Islam .
Muhammad ’s life is shroud in mystery .
He was either born in Afghanistan , Mecca or New Zealand sometime between 1877 and 1896 .
Even his true name is disputed .
Alternative names on record include Wallace / Wallie Dodd Ford , Wallace Dodd , Wallie Dodd Fard , W.D. Fard , David Ford-el , Wali Farad and Farrad Mohammed .
What is known is that Muhammad preached in Detroit from 1930 to 1934 before vanishing without a trace on a trip to Chicago .
Numerous theories surround his disappearance .
Some maintain he was killed by police or possibly his successor , Elijah Muhammad .
Other theories have him returning to Mecca or even being called back to the so - called “ Mother Plane ” .
There is some evidence that Muhammad lived into the 1960’s .
An alleged former lover claimed he returned to New Zealand .
Despite disappearing in 1934 , the FBI maintained an open file on Muhammad until 1960 .
4 Heinrich Müller
Heinrich Müller was head of the Gestapo and played a leading role in the planning and execution of the Holocaust .
He was one of the last Nazi loyalists to remain in the Führerbunker as Soviet forces closed in .
He disappeared on May 1 , 1945 , the day after Hitler committed suicide .
Müller was one of the highest ranking Nazi party members to escape justice and CIA files reveal an exhaustive search to find him in the months after the war .
But , there were never any solid leads and the search was complicated by there being several Heinrich Müllers among the Nazi high command .
During the Cold War , it was believed by some in the CIA that Müller was being hidden by the Soviets .
But , a thorough examination of Soviet documents following the end of the Cold War found no evidence .
While his ultimate fate remains a mystery , it is now widely believed Müller died in Berlin shortly after the war .
3 Michael Rockefeller
Michael Rockefeller was the youngest son of New York governor Nelson Rockefeller and a fourth generation member of the legendary Rockefeller family .
While working for the Peabody Museum , Rockefeller developed a love for archaeology .
In 1961 , he took part an expedition to explore New Guinea , one of the last uncharted areas of the world .
On November 17 , 1961 Rockefeller was riding in a 40 - foot dugout canoe with Dutch anthropologist René Wassing , when the boat became swamped and overturned .
Wassing managed to swim to shore , but Rockefeller was not so lucky .
Despite an extensive search no trace was ever found .
It is presumed that Rockefeller either drowned or was killed by a shark or crocodile .
However , there is circumstantial evidence that Rockefeller may have met with a much stranger and far more gruesome fate .
Even in 1961 , New Guinea was home to tribes of headhunters and cannibals , some of whom lived not far from where Rockefeller disappeared .
It is entirely possible that he was captured and killed as revenge for several tribesmen who were killed by a Dutch patrol three years earlier .
An unsubstantiated claim by author Paul Toohey , holds that Rockefeller ’s mother hired a private investigator to discover what became of her son .
According to Toohey , the investigator brought back three skulls local tribesmen claimed were white men they had killed .
One of these skulls was supposedly Michael’s .
The Rockefeller family has never confirmed the story .
2 Ray Gricar
Ray Gricar has been missing for only five years , yet the circumstances surrounding his disappearance are as strange as any other on this list .
Gricar was the District Attorney for Centre County , Pennsylvania .
On April 15 , 2005 , Gricar took the day off to travel to Lewisburg , Pennsylvania and was never seen again .
His abandoned car was discovered in parking lot in Lewisburg .
Although Gricar was not a smoker , authorities discovered cigarette ashes in the car and a faint odor of smoke .
The discovery of Gricar ’s laptop , recovered from the Susquehanna River several months later , would yield even stranger clues .
The hard drive had been removed and damaged beyond repair .
In April of 2009 , police reported Gricar had made web searches for information on how to destroy a hard drive .
The investigation is ongoing , although authorities believe his death to be a suicide .
1 “ Sweet ” Jim Robinson
“ Sweet ” Jim Robinson was a boxer , best remembered for being one of Muhammad Ali ’s first professional opponents .
Robinson was not a very good boxer and was often used as an easy win for up - and - comers .
He fought Ali in February , 1961 , losing in the first round .
He retired after seven years , with a dismal 5 - 23 record .
In 1979 , Sports Illustrated reporter Michael Brennan interviewed Robinson at his home in the Liberty City district of Miami .
This was the last known interview with the former heavyweight .
ESPN reporter Wright Thompson spent six years searching the Miami area for any sign of the missing boxer .
Even famed Ali collector Stephen Singer , who has collected autographs from every Ali opponent except Robinson , has come up empty .
Although not officially considered a missing person , Robinson ’s current whereabouts are unknown .
In covering the uproar over the just - released NASA budget and its implications , the major media headlines have been trumpeting : " Lunar Program Cancelled " .
Yes , sadly the budget has cancelled the current lunar program , based on the NASA designed Ares boosters and Orion capsule .
However , as some other writers have pointed out , the Vision for Space Exploration program ( VSE ) , which was conceived by a true government consensus after the Columbia disaster , was in effect hijacked in 2005 by the last person anyone of us would have ever suspected , the greatly respected aerospace engineer , Dr. Michael Griffin .
That the VSE envisioned by the White House was hijacked is in little doubt , since the only representative of the space advocacy community specifically invited to attend the former President 's 2004 speech was Rick Tumlinson , no friend of business - as - usual in US space policy .
The White House shares no blame for picking Dr. Griffin , since many in the space community saw him as a very good choice .
Other writers have pointed out that the VSE and Constellation which supposedly implemented it are very different programs .
In an interview , Brett Alexander said " I was a primary author of the Vision for Space Exploration ..... But they chose the most expensive architecture ( for Constellation ) and they had cost and technical issues with it .
The cost overruns are astonishing .
" ( Amy Klamper - Space News 2-1-2010 ) .
Under Admiral Craig Steidle starting early in 2004 , the VSE was a forward looking program that was open to new ideas and the development of fundamentally new , innovative technology .
Griffin shut the door firmly on most of those new ideas in 2005 .
Instead , he looked backward at what had been stolen away from him and the space community by politics 40 years ago - a continuation of the Apollo Program , and tried to re-create it as " Apollo on Steroids " .
Any studies which had been underway involving re-usable rockets or spacecraft were apparently ruthlessly suppressed , so that the public and most outside experts never got to see the results .
Critical long - range programs were cancelled and their funds raided for the short - term goal .
Everything that possibly could be made expendable to save a few pennies was .
MIT Aeronautics and Astronautics professor David Mindell says in a Space and Earth article posted on physorg ( 2 - 5-2010 ) that " NASA is eating its seed corn for Constellation " .
The result was exactly what I warned about in 2005 ( Return to the Moon p. 137 - 2005 ) - the use of " giant expendable LEMS " ( Lunar Modules ) in the new program , itself only symptomatic of NASA 's institutional mindset under Griffin .
I have had the experience of being laid off and I know what an terrible impact this has on a person and his family .
I have also experienced the frustration of having a project taken away from me .
I thus totally commiserate with any and all of the employees who may lose their current NASA jobs , and who have expended herculean efforts on trying to make the Constellation program work .
But we need to think about the whole purpose of the space program .
The concept of NASA as a short - range jobs program has to end , since it is politically and economically unsustainable .
The unwillingness of Congress and the previous President to adequately fund the program that they superficially publically supported proves this beyond a doubt .
Dr. Griffin also consistently and massively underestimated the development and construction costs of all the single use vehicles that would be needed for any lunar program and the program 's annual operating costs .
All of the jobs currently about to be lost would have been eventually lost , but with even greater trauma and distress at the additional wasted effort .
Why has the announcement been received so negatively by many whose jobs are not at risk ?.
Newspapers and politicians of both parties from the affected areas uniformly responded negatively to the proposal , due to the loss of local jobs .
Reaction from national news outlets was mixed and more balanced .
It is also now clear from other writers that the announcement gave some of them the impression that the long - range intent was to end human spaceflight .
For example , Stephen Weinberg , a long - time opponent of manned space flight and supporter of the " look but do n't touch " viewpoint , threw contrary evidence to the wind with the title of his article " Ending Manned Space Flight Is The Right Thing For Science " .
As a result of this and similar opinions , fear grew that the budget announcement was intended to kill the current Constellation program but then not replace it with anything .
Even the Democratic Rep. Gabrielle Giffords echoed fears that " We may soon abandon our mission " ( of manned space exploration ) .
The current budget does remove the Constellation Lunar program without replacing it with any specific destination or goal .
( It is admittedly very hard to come up with a specific first goal without at least a year of discussion , and the Augustine Commission deliberately did not focus on a single first goal . )
The most obvious first goal for a human expedition would be a near earth asteroid , since it would not require the development of a lander .
One comment following a negative article by Astronaut Tom Jones ( Popular Mechanics 2-2-2010 ) made an excellent analogy to support the fact that we can't go very far yet since we do not have a space infrastructure in place : ( placing propellant depots in orbit in 2020 is the equivalent of building a road network and gas stations to enable auto travel in 1920 ) .
In addition , those of us who have watched with frustration as mankind was restricted to Low Earth orbit ( where we have now been stuck for about 38 years ) , were depressed at the thought of another whole decade stuck in Low Earth Orbit , even if the human program survives .
The justification for staying in LEO has been that we were preparing for further exploration beyond LEO .
Bolden 's honest press conference comment ( 2/6/2010 ) that we would not be flying the Heavy Lift Vehicle ( HLV ) needed for further exploration until after 2020 did not help .
Practically , though , to develop a really inexpensive and practical HLV would probably take about that long , and to develop payloads to put on it would also take about the same amount of time .
All of the serious , current , competing , expendable HLV plans are so expensive that very few would ever be launched .
One writer agreeing with Augustine Commission member Leroy Chiao 's blog of 2-4-2010 pointed out that what we need is " indefinitely affordable technology " to access the Moon and other destinations .
( Constellation would have been affordable only very temporarily at best ) .
If you would ask any of the older astronauts , many of them would tell you in effect , that " Space is about the future " .
It is not about the past .
While we greatly honor all of the past work that has been done on the program , if we only focus on the glories of the past , we miss the ultimate point of the program - the future and long term survival of the human race , and using space resources and energy to protect the Earth .
A one - planet species is eventually a dead end .
Many other individuals and groups have rallied to the defense of the new path , including Buzz Aldrin , the X - Prize Foundation , the Commercial Spaceflight Federation , the Space Frontier Foundation , The Planetary Society , The Economist , and Wayne Hale , who made an eloquent reference to Robert Heinlein and his writing in support of space ( NASA Blogs 2-2-2010 ) . ;
Lori Garver , NASA Associate Administrator , said " We 're not cancelling our plans to explore space : we 're cancelling Constellation " ( Leslie Mullen - Astrobiology 2-3-2010 ) .
There is also an article from someone who 's job is obviously NOT at stake , and who is a long - time friend of the space program , Director James Cameron ( Washington Post 2-5-2010 ) .
Cameron is a calm , clear and practical thinker and manager who knows how to pick good technical people , and how to use his resources and funds most effectively to make good movies .
He has directed the development of very advanced technical equipment which will soon be used to very good effect by many other producers and directors .
He ( with his picked staff ) , had to imagine what this equipment would do , why it was needed and how it would work , before they designed it .
He is also able to follow engineering arguments so that he has a respect for the opinions of engineers and does not order them to do the impossible or the dangerous .
Thus he has many of the exact skills that would be needed to make high - level decisions about a large technical program .
He is obviously far more competent in such matters than the NASA manager who so little respected engineers that on the day in 1986 before the Challenger exploded , he said the immortal , despised and ultimately deadly words " take off your engineer 's hat and put on your manager 's hat " .
About 10 years ago , Cameron attended one of the early Mars Society Conventions .
He sat in the audience with us , soaking up all the Mars technical lore for his projected Mars TV series which was probably cancelled by all the quickie competition from the cheap Mars movies that were made during that period .
Later , in a talk to the whole convention , he revealed a better pressurized manned rover design for the Moon or Mars than any that I have ever seen from NASA .
As a result of operating cameras in the Russian submersibles during the filming of the actual wreck of the Titanic , miles deep under the North Atlantic , he wanted to be able to reach out and pick up objects on the ocean floor , which was of course impossible due to the extreme pressure .
As a result , his rover design allows the entire rover to " kneel down " on its axles when a promising object on the surface is spotted .
A robot arm then can pick up the object and place it into a small airlock .
When the inner airlock door is opened , the rock can be immediately examined , without the hours required to " suit up " just to collect a single rock .
Some of the comments on Cameron 's article criticize him for expressing his opinion while not being a " rocket scientist " .
The answer to this may lie in what led Dr. Griffin astray .
Griffin is a world - class and magnificent engineer , but without casting aspersions on engineers , who I greatly admire for their technical skill , he is " only " an engineer .
Cameron ( as described here ) is thus in effect operating at a level " above " the level of the engineer .
He has to respect engineers , but also be more than an engineer .
If you ask a space engineer to design a space program , he will probably design it based on vehicles .
This is the famous " If you have a hammer - the answer is a nail " trap .
Before you ever start designing hardware , first you have to decide the overall purpose of the program - why are we doing this at all , then what that hardware should do and then how it should do it .
Only then should hardware design begin .
Griffin and his team instead began with hardware designs and created a program that partially fit those designs .
While the cancellation of the lunar program has made many of us depressed at the prospect of returning to the treadmill of going in circles in LEO for another decade or two , the actual choice is one of going in bureaucratic circles forever or not .
The basic question is ( if you work in the space industry ) : do you want to get to the point where large numbers of people can travel to and can work in space , or do you want space to be too expensive for that for decades to come ?
Do you want to build expendable rockets forever , or start building Mars landers and lunar mining equipment .
Government agencies by their very nature cannot and will not reduce operating costs .
Private companies have to do that to compete .
Without reducing operating costs dramatically , our space future will be left on the ground .
What will happen if the new program ( which once more opens NASA to new ideas ) is allow to proceed ?
It is even possible that with private enterprise handling the known hazards of transport to LEO , NASA will be able to re-focus its old genius on transport and exploration beyond LEO , so that we might even be able to return to the moon sooner than under the current program .
( That is , of course , if we can formulate a good scientific or economic reason to go back there immediately . )
So yes , we will not be going to the moon on impossibly expensive expendable rockets , with expendable crew capsules and expendable lunar ferries , and without even knowing why we are going back or what we would do once we return .
What we will be doing ( hopefully - if the politicians keep their promises , which no - one can guarantee ) , is beginning the transition to the expansion of the human economic sphere into space .
The so - called " flexible path , if it is followed properly , will open up access to multiple destinations and space activities .
For example the use of space for production of clean , continuous solar energy could be enabled ( although this option was unfortunately not mentioned in the announcement ) .
Reduced cost of access will also allow much more and better space science to be done .
Human and robotic expeditions to the Moon , Mars , its moons and to near earth asteroids would become possible and much safer .
How will we be able to tell if the program is going in the " right " direction ?
The government should go ahead and create launch contract guarantees with at least two companies for ground to LEO operations .
It should never develop or operate an earth to orbit vehicle again .
We ( the future - oriented space community ) will need to see actual funding supported and enacted to allow development of advanced and innovative technology , such as plasma rocket engines like the VASIMR for use in deep space , and hypersonic air - breathing engines for future launch vehicles .
We want several companies to be able to develop systems to safely , reliably and cheaply deliver cargo and passengers to low Earth orbit destinations .
We want the government to underscore the critical need for a heavy lift booster ( HLV ) , and encourage the private sector to develop one itself , preferably as a re-usable two stage booster ( no easy task ) .
We want to see the development of a truly and fully integrated space transportation system by NASA in conjunction with the private sector , one that will allow access to all areas within and including the Moon 's orbit ( cis- lunar space ) , as well as the nearby Earth - Sun LaGrange Points 1 and 2 .
This system should include both vehicles and nodes and incorporate delivery of propellants to orbit by private launch vehicles to be stored in large propellant depots ( nodes ) .
This would allow deep space vehicles to be launched without propellants in their tanks , greatly increasing the size of vehicles that can be launched .
We want to see the development of generalized , re-usable vehicles ( space taxis , space tugs , lunar ferries ) for transport of humans and cargo to points beyond low earth orbit and return to their starting point for re-fueling .
We need to see a long - range , realistic plan for actual exploration missions based on reduced transport costs and the actual funds available .
We want crew safety , redundancy and creation of self - rescue abilities and crew refuges to be a high priority .
We also need solid reasons and rationales for each exploration mission .
We also expect closer cooperative efforts in manned exploration between the US and other countries with less visible US domination .
In space , countries should cooperate and companies should compete for the benefit of all .
What can we do to make the current massive lurch in the space program palatable to its critics .
In the near term , exceptional measures should be taken to assist NASA and contractor employees to find new jobs with either orbit access service providers or within NASA to begin work on the new in - space transport system .
We would hope that the government would encourage the new companies to open facilities in some of the communities which stand to lose the most jobs , as Bolden suggested at his press conference .
Within just a few years , reduced costs could mean even more space - related jobs than there are now as cost savings spill over into the private sector and encourage more launches by both government and business .
Reduced access costs could thus mean more missions .
We should establish a clear path and timetable to the availability of a private HLV , and specific payloads for its manifest , such as giant space telescopes and propellant depots .
As soon as feasible , a logical sequence of human mission destinations with a rough timetable should be established , to show everyone that human exploration beyond LEO will continue .
Space is a very , very hard row to hoe .
Some of the projected entrepreneurial milestones will happen later than expected and expenses will initially be higher than expected .
Disasters will probably happen .
However , the benefits of space commerce and clean energy and being a multi-planet species far outweigh the risks and costs if they are accomplished by business methods .
Space must become economical before it is practical .
Give the new ( and old ) space entrepreneurs a real chance to accomplish this and I believe that the results will be truly amazing .
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook .
After the New Jersey Devils loss to Edmonton on Sunday , the Devils ’ were on a two - game slide and needed something to change their lethargic play .
Coach Jacques Lemaire cited one thing the Devils needed one thing to get back on track .
Practice .
After two physically intense days of practice , the Devils responded to the challenge with a win over their rivals , the New York Rangers , 6 - 3 , Wednesday night at the Prudential Center .
“ The last two days we ’ve been working on the team concept , ” Lemaire said .
“ The guys responded very well to it .
I think we played with more intensity .
We showed that we really wanted to win tonight , more than I ’ve seen lately .
We ’re headed in the right direction .
This is what we want . ”
Jamie Langenbrunner broke a 3 - 3 tie at 13:06 of the second period .
After a turnover by the Rangers in their own zone , Patrik Elias passed the puck to Andy Greene at the point .
Greene sent the puck cross-ice to defenseman Mike Mottau , who shot the puck toward the net .
Langenbrunner tipped the puck past Lundqvist and into the net for his 16th goal of the season .
That score would prove to be the decisive strike , as the Devils went on to score three more goals in the win .
Devils ’ center Rob Niedermayer scored the game ’s first goal at 4:16 of the first period .
Brian Rolston took an awkward angle shot , and the rebound came to Niedermayer in the slot .
The center blasted the puck off of Rangers ’ goalie Henrik Lundqvist ’s right shoulder and into the net for his eighth goal of the season .
The Rangers tied the game 57 seconds later to tie the game at one .
Vaclav Prospal set up near the side of the net , and Marian Gaborik found him with a pass .
Prospal , who was wide open , put the puck past a diving Martin Brodeur for his 15th goal of the season .
Bryce Salvador ’s goal at 18:17 of the first period restored the Devils ’ lead .
Salvador began the play by keeping the puck in the zone .
He took the puck and did a spin - o - rama , passing the puck behind the net to Niedermayer .
Niedermayer got knocked down , and Langenbrunner passed the puck to Greene at the right point .
Greene passed the puck to Salvador , who one - timed the pass .
The puck hit the stick of Ollie Jokinen in front and went in for Salvador ’s fourth of the season .
Erik Christensen pulled the Rangers even with the Devils at 5:01 of the second period .
Brandon Dubinsky carried the puck into the zone and found Christensen at the point alone .
Christensen received the puck and deked around a Devils ’ defenseman , putting him alone in the slot .
He whipped a shot past Brodeur for his sixth goal of the year .
The seesaw battle continued , with the Devils scoring again to take a lead , 3 - 2 . With Wade Redden in the
box for hooking , Brian Rolston took a shot on Lundqvist .
Both Dainius Zubrus and Travis Zajac crashed the net , bringing the defensemen with them .
The puck slid to the right side of the net , where Zach Parise came untouched and backhanded it into the empty net for his 31st goal of the year .
Just 37 seconds later , Brandon Prust scored to draw the Rangers even .
The Rangers ’ used their forecheck to force a turnover from Mark Fraser , who tapped a loose puck into the slot .
Jody Shelley took a spin -o - rama shot that Brodeur stopped .
But Prust worked his way to the front of the net and put the rebound past the Devil ’s goalie for his second goal of the year .
The Devils lost three leads , but they showed resiliency , continuing to pressure the Rangers and put shots on Lundqvist .
“ Three days ago we might have ( crumbled ) , ” said Langenbruner , who scored the eventual game - winning goal at 13:06 of the third period .
“ But we had a different mindset tonight .
We did n’t let those things affect us .
You could see it on the bench .
It was a tough break on the third goal that they tied it up on , but it was right back , ‘ We ’re still going to get it . ’
And that was n’t there the last little while when something goes wrong , we were like , ‘ Here we go again . ’
It was much - better mindset and it I think it showed in the way we played as solid a 60 ( minutes ) as we have in a long time . ”
Rolston extended the Devils lead to two at 15:19 of the second period .
After the Devils broke up a 4 - on - 2 Rangers ’ break , they started up ice with a 4 - on - 1 of their own .
Niedermayer passed the puck to Rolston , who held the puck and skated to the right circle .
Rolston tried to feed David Clarkson on the crease , but Rangers ’ defenseman Dan Girardi dove to deflect the pass .
The puck deflected off of Girardi ’s stick and went through the pads of Lundqvist and into the back of the net .
After that goal , Rangers ’ coach John Tortorella pulled Lundqvist , replacing him with backup Alex Auld .
The Ranger ’s goalie allowed five goals on 17 shots .
It was the first time in 29 career games against the Devils that Lundqvist was pulled .
Langenbrunner did n’t think chasing Lundqvist was the biggest accomplishment of the game .
“ I think the win is the accomplishment , ” Langenbrunner said .
“ I do n’t know how many of those you can fault him on .
There were a lot of deflections , a lot of going to the net , the way we need to play hockey .
I ’m sure that was some of them trying to shake things up a bit , too . ”
Zajac extended the Devils lead to three goals at 16:21 of the third period .
The play began with a turnover by Michael Del Zotto at center ice .
Zubrus stripped the rookie defenseman and sent the puck to Zajac , who entered the zone alone .
His shot was initially stopped by Auld , but the puck trickled through his pads for Zajac ’s 21st goal of the season .
Parise believed tonight ’s win was a complete turnaround from Sunday ’s disappointing loss .
“ It was definitely the opposite , ” Parise said of Devils ’ play tonight .
“ There was a lot better energy from everybody , support from the teammates and everybody .
It was just a better team atmosphere tonight . ”
Brodeur stopped 16 shots for the win .
The Devils won for the seventh time in the past 21 games ( 7 - 12 - 1 ) .
The team closed to within three points of Pittsburgh , who visits the Prudential Center Friday night .
*********************
Game Notes :
Each line and the powerplay contributed at least a point in tonight ’s victory .
The third line of Rolston – Niedermayer – Clarkson scored two goals … Langenbrunner recorded his 600th career point on Salvador ’s first period goal .
He added his 601st point on his game - winning goal … Devils ’ enforcer Pierre - Luc Letourneau - Leblond fought Shelley right after the Devils ’ second goal .
It was Letourneau ’s first game back from injured reserve … With the loss , Lundqvist is now 17 - 7 - 5 against the Devils in his career .
Quotes lifted from the Fire and Ice Blog by Bergen Record reporter Tom Gulitti
Preliminary results are in from the 2008 General Social Survey ( GSS ) , the gold standard for social science research , which asks about trust in the following institutions : the military , the scientific community , medicine , the Supreme Court , education , organized religion , banks / financial institutions , major companies , organized labor , the Executive Branch , Congress , television , and the press .
Since 1976 , trust in all these institutions ( other than the military ) has declined , many of them markedly .
And since 2000 , trust is down for all except the military and education .
Note : the polling was done prior to the financial crisis , which presumably has lowered trust in banks / financial institutions further , but nonetheless , trust in banks and financial institutions was cut by more than half from 1976 to 2008 .
Trust in government which was around 75 % in 1960 has plummeted , with the Executive Branch and Congress only having the trust of roughly one in 8 or 10 Americans , and the Supreme Court a bit more trusted ( with roughly 1 in 3 Americans trusting it ) .
My mother was a tea - partier in spirit , though not in fact .
By the time America ’s newest political vehicle for put - upon Caucasians made its debut on Fox News on Tax Day 2009 , she was far too advanced in years to hit the streets threatening secession .
It was n’t her style anyway .
Like many Americans , my mother preferred to study and critique current events from the comforts of a well - worn sofa .
The observations she gleaned from that post , as wars and soap operas and civil rights movements and political scandals unfolded on a series of television sets in our working - class North Carolina home , gave me some purchase on the tea - party mindset — on the always - fervent , always - frustrated desire to halt history in its tracks and then start nudging it backward .
I thought about this after my mother died from old - age disease , just hours shy of April Fools Day and less than a week before the 42nd anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr. ’s martyrdom in Memphis .
I was only 4 when King was gunned down , so it ’s not surprising that I have no vivid memories of the event or its aftermath .
But even if I ’d been 14 or 24 , I would n’t have seen it at home .
“ Yuck !
Turn off that filth ! ” my mother would have said , as she did whenever hippies , gay activists , Jesse Jackson , Cesar Chavez , Gloria Steinem or Soap threatened to leap through the TV screen and infect our good white Methodist home with their messages of change and chaos .
When I was in the 8th grade , I learned while watching a film of King ’s “ I Have a Dream ” speech that I had been born on the day he delivered it .
When I mentioned this interesting coincidence to my mother , she sighed .
Yes , it was true , she said , “ And I was so glad you spared me having to watch it . ”
My mother ’s reflexive aversion toward the non-white , the non-straight and the non-traditional made no sense to me .
It took many years and thousands of ferocious arguments to finally see that the root of it all was fear — the same fear you can detect behind the ferocious glares of many a tea-partier .
For folks like my mother , being white and “ respectable ” remained a primary source of self - esteem .
The idea that being a white woman in America who had raised four healthy children did n’t entitle you to a superior status was unfathomable to my mother .
The “ coloreds ” and queers and feminists were not “ filth ” because of who they were or what they wanted ; they were filth because they aimed to knock my mother off her pedestal .
And it happened to be the only pedestal she thought she had .
Nostalgia fueled the fear .
My mother had that dreamy Southern malady of longing for things to be the swell way they once were — or the way she imagined they were .
You know , back when everyone was a church - going Christian .
Back when nobody had a nasty mouth or smoked marijuana .
Back when blacks “ knew their place ” and Latinos were charming novelties .
When women were women and men were men and gays had not been invented .
Like my mother on her sofa , tea - partiers want nothing more than to seize the nation ’s collective remote control and make the last 80 years or so fade to black .
( In some cases , of course , nothing less than 180 years would do . )
The persistence of this longing for an America that never existed is , of course , one reason the Republicans , both nationally and in Texas , are banking on winning in November by simply saying “ No . ” Barack Obama ’s victory in 2008 was the closest thing to a pure national “ yes ” we ’ve seen in a long time .
The backlash naturally whips back to an emphatic “ no , ” a mass yearning to change the channel and get back to a fictive normality .
Like most of the tea -party people I ’ve met in Texas , my mother had a lot of good in her .
But when faced with threats to her fragile sense of unearned superiority , her finer qualities left the building .
My mother died in her mid-80s , though .
The thought that so many millions of Americans from later generations are still dedicated to the hopeless quest of reasserting the old white ways is mighty depressing .
Maybe I had somehow imagined that Gone With the Wind­ - style white Southern screwiness would expire along with my mother .
But American backwardness is apparently too hardy a strain to die .
We will just have to keep arguing with it .
LG is rumored to be working on a high - end Android device codenamed Aloha .
So far there have not been any pictures of the device .
The handset in the picture is the LG LU2300 and it is set for release in Korea .
Could this be the rumored Aloha ?
Most of the specs match the rumored specs except the product number , C710 is rumored to be the Aloha and this device is the LU2300 .
Specs :
* 1GHZ Snap Dragon
* Android 2.1
*AMOLED LCD 3.5 inch
* WVGA ( 800X480 )
* 5 Megapixel Camera
* GPS , Wi-Fi , DMB , augmented reality , Divx ( 720 p ) support
* Optical Trackball
Back in February we told you about the existence of the LU2300 and LG ’s plans to include an augmented reality browser .
This browser will likely be similar to the Layar app .
At that time there was no pictures of the device until now .
Could this Korean handset be renamed Aloha for a US launch ?
It has the QWERTY and all the specs match , I could n’t find any solid evidence that this has 802.11 n so guess we ’ll have to wait and see how this pans out .
On a man -made island in Tokyo Bay , garbage is getting a makeover .
Tons of waste are trucked here daily to a large industrial building .
What ca n’t be recycled is burned and filtered for toxins .
The ash is turned into building material , and the heat is converted into electricity -- enough to power 55,000 homes .
The process saves landfill space .
Air pollution is minimal .
The 4 - year - old firm , Tokyo Waterfront Recycle Power Co. , will turn its first profit this year , said President Ikuo Onaka .
But , he contends , the rewards are n’t purely financial .
“ We ’re making a social contribution , ” said Onaka , whose business is one of nine firms operating on Tokyo ’s waterfront to reuse the city ’s garbage instead of burying it .
Advertisement
These private - sector companies are part of a very public push by Tokyo ’s metropolitan government to turn this dense urban area , home to 13 million people , into the world ’s most eco-friendly mega-city .
In addition to reducing solid waste , Tokyo over the last few years has unveiled a slew of environmentally conscious initiatives .
Those include toughened environmental building standards , cash incentives for residents to install solar panels , and a plan for greening the city , including planting half a million trees and converting a 217 - acre landfill in Tokyo Bay into a wooded “ sea forest ” park .
This month Tokyo kicked off its most ambitious effort yet : a mandatory program for 1,400 of the area ’s factories and office buildings to cut their carbon emissions 25 % from 2000 levels by the end of 2020 .
The plan includes a carbon cap - and - trade system , the first ever attempted by a metropolitan area .
The mechanism sets limits on emissions and requires those who exceed their quotas to buy pollution rights from those who are under their caps .
Tokyo’s strategy is reminiscent of California’s .
The state ’s landmark legislation known as AB 32 requires polluters to curb their emissions significantly over the next decade .
But while opponents , including large oil refiners , are bankrolling a campaign to stall that effort in the Golden State , Tokyo is hitting the gas .
Advertisement
More than half the world ’s population now resides in cities .
Metropolitan Tokyo and its surrounding prefectures have about as many people as the entire state of California .
The way such teeming places respond to climate change will largely determine whether global warming can be slowed .
“ We recognize our role as big mega-city . . . to be a leader , ” said Teruyuki Ohno , director general for climate strategy for Tokyo ’s Bureau of the Environment .
“ It is because we are capable of doing it that we have the responsibility to do it . ”
Some say Tokyo does n’t have a choice .
Endowed with few natural resources , Japan has long been a champion in energy efficiency and clean technology .
But the nation is falling short on a commitment to cut greenhouse gases , which it made more than a decade ago , when it hosted the United Nations convention on climate change in Kyoto .
Japan ’s federal legislators so far have failed to agree on a cohesive national strategy .
Now some local officials , including Tokyo ’s maverick governor , Shintaro Ishihara , are taking up the slack .
Advertisement
Ishihara , best known in the U.S. as the author of the controversial book “ The Japan That Can Say No , ” is a conservative with a green streak .
His administration banned older diesel trucks from the city ’s roads and led Tokyo ’s failed effort to win the 2016 Olympics with a pledge to make the city ’s Games the most environmentally friendly ever .
While some businesses have grumbled about his administration ’s new carbon - cutting plan , others see it as an opportunity .
Masahiro Takeda , manager of sustainability for Mori Building Co. , one of Tokyo ’s largest commercial developers , said demand is rising for buildings that save energy and lower tenants ’ operating costs .
Large - scale recycling , greenery , rainwater reuse and waste heat recapture have become standard features in Mori developments .
At Roppongi Hills , a major shopping and office complex built by Mori in the heart of Tokyo , more than one - quarter of the 21 - acre site is covered with trees and shrubs -- including a rooftop rice paddy .
The plants absorb carbon dioxide and lower roof temperatures , which in turn cuts heating and cooling bills .
Advertisement
“ We want to stay internationally competitive , ” Takeda said .
Neighborhoods , too , are pushing for landscaping , to comply with Tokyo regulations enacted in 2001 requiring all new , large commercial buildings to devote at least 20 % of their surface area to greenery .
The effort was pioneered in the neon - lit Shibuya ward , best known for its youth - oriented shopping district , by officials looking to reverse the loss of trees , lawns and gardens to rampant development .
It has n’t been easy .
Rooftop gardens account for less than 0.5 % of the ward ’s green spaces , according to Noriyuki Matsushima , director of Shibuya ’s environmental efforts .
The total area covered by plants -- about 21 % -- is about the same as it was a decade ago .
Still , simply preserving what ’s there is a victory , Matsushima said , and essential in combating the so - called heat - island effect .
Heat - trapping concrete and asphalt have raised Tokyo ’s temperature by about 3 degrees Celsius over the last century , according to the government .
Green roofs , along with tree planting and community gardens , are a way to build community support to fight climate change , Matsushima said .
Advertisement
“ It ’s a visible environmental policy , ” he said .
“ Most of the people of Shibuya expect to have more greenery . ”
Tokyo rooftops are also sprouting solar panels .
To spur adoption of photovoltaics , the metropolitan government offers its homeowners a subsidy of 100,000 yen ( about $ 1,070 ) per kilowatt .
( A typical system is about four kilowatts . )
That comes on top of the federal subsidy of 70,000 yen ( about $ 750 ) per kilowatt .
The metropolitan government is also offering solar incentives to businesses .
Meanwhile , garbage is getting an afterlife .
Tough recycling laws over the years have produced results such as a 99 % reuse rate for asphalt and concrete and 72 % for paper .
What is n’t recovered is incinerated and the residue buried .
But with landfill space in short supply , the metropolitan government in 2006 launched an initiative known as Tokyo Super Eco Town to take recycling to the next level .
Built on the site of a former garbage dump in Tokyo Bay , the project is home to Tokyo Waterfront Recycle Power Co. and eight other private companies , including one that treats toxic chemicals known as PCBs , or polychlorinated biphenyls , and another that converts the city ’s food waste into animal feed .
Advertisement
Such efforts have attracted some big - name attention .
Rock star Bono stopped by in 2008 to plant a tree in nearby Umi - no - Mori , a wooded waterfront park that ’s also rising on the former landfill .
But not everyone is impressed .
Environmental activists have severely criticized Tokyo ’s administration for supporting housing on Minamiyama , a forested mountain near Tokyo whose trees are being felled by developers .
And places such as Aichi prefecture , home of the city of Nagoya , have been much more aggressive in their solar efforts .
Still , Tokyo is well ahead of other major cities on a variety of environmental issues .
Environmentalists are particularly enthusiastic about the government ’s willingness to push ahead with its cap - and - trade program in the midst of a sluggish global economy .
“ Tokyo is the first metropolitan area in the world to try this , ” said Tetsunari Iida , executive director of the nonprofit Institute for Sustainable Energy Policies in Tokyo .
“ They want to show it can work . ”
Advertisement
marla.dickerson@ latimes.com
Forget " Topeka " — as of yesterday , Topeka , Kansas will be referred to as " Google , Kansas " for the month of March .
Bizarre publicity stunt ?
Sure , but it's got nothing on the time in 1998 that Topeka became the US launch city for Pokemon games from Nintendo — and changed its name to " ToPikachu " ( groan ) for the day .
At least this time , the city has a serious goal : get Google to bring in a 1 G bps fiber - to - the - home network .
Topeka wants to be Google 's testbed for the new 1 Gbps network that the company announced last month .
Since that announcement , Google has been taking applications from cities around the country , and the grassroots response has been astonishing .
The city council supports the name - change idea , intended to show just how serious the city is about its bid .
Still , leave it to the lawyers to ruin the party .
According to the local paper , " City attorney Jackie Williams told the council that legally , the city could n't change its name to Google for a short time period and then change it back .
However , he said he saw no legal problem with Bunten 's issuing a proclamation calling for Topeka to be referred to as ' Google . ' "
From the official proclamation
It 's not just the city council that has Google fever ; interested citizens set up the Think Big Topeka website recently to push the city into action .
" Imagine Topeka as a technology hot spot , " says the site .
Indeed , behind that call to " imagine " is the reality that many of the cities currently hoping for the nod from Google are not technology hot spots .
The palpable excitement around the fiber project shows just how strongly many Americans believe that such a fiber network could do more than bring faster YouTube streaming — it could fundamentally rebuild their communities .
The less - wired
Look , for instance , at Greensboro , North Carolina , which is seeking the Google fiber bid .
" If you get Google Fiber , " said a resident who has already relocated , " I will move back to Greensboro . "
But Google wants only a testbed for its network , one that serves at most 500,000 people , and potentially many fewer .
Cities like Greensboro , which could certainly benefit from such a network , face unbelievable competition .
Down the road , Chapel Hill is also applying for the network .
Nearby Durham wants it too , and residents have already started the Hi Fiber Durham site to work on a proposal .
The city has backed the effort , and Sam Poley of the Durham Convention & Visitors Bureau plans to " get thousands of people onto the field of the [ minor league baseball ] Durham Bulls Athletic Park to spell out the words ' We Want Google , ' " according to the local Herald - Sun .
How would residents use a 1 Gbps network ?
No one seems quite sure yet , and in fact one of Google 's uses for the investment is to find out what can be done with truly high - speed networks .
Durham 's Hi Fiber group set up a Google Moderator page to take suggestions ; among them so far are mostly ideas that do n't need anything like 1 Gbps .
" I would watch Hulu and other streaming online content without interruption from buffering , " said one .
But Raleigh residents want the network , too , and are gathering signatures on a Facebook page .
If Greensboro hopes to entice people to move back to the city , it has serious competition — and that 's just within one region of a single state .
Greensboro is up against plenty of other cities not usually thought of as technology hubs , places like Grand Rapids , MI , Duluth , MN , and Columbia , MO .
The cities are all pitching their many strengths to Google .
" Grand Rapids owns about a third of the utility poles in the city .
We also have a significant amount of underground conduit and some dark fiber , " Sally Wesorick , an IT analyst for Grand Rapids , told a local website .
" Use of those assets and others that we might have available might be negotiable . "
Columbia residents have formed the ComoFiber group to bring fiber - to - the - home to their city ; if the Google bid does n't work out , " we aim to do it ourselves , " says the group .
And , really , why would n't Google choose Columbia ?
It 's " the most attractive city in the nation for this project .
The reasons are numerous , but the biggest reason is really quite simple : Columbia is on the knife ’s edge : the sweet spot between big , highly - developed cities and small , under - served towns . "
As for post - industrial Duluth , Mayor Don Ness issued a statement in which dropped all talk of what " Duluth can do for Google " and resorted to the " what Google can do for Duluth " argument .
The results were ... colorful .
" Providing Google Fiber to Duluth would be akin to giving Picasso his first paintbrush , Brett Hull his first hockey stick , or giving Brin and Page start - up capital , " he wrote on his blog .
" OK , so that may be overstating it a bit , but that ’s an indication of our ambition .
If Google chooses Duluth , they can be sure we will make the most of the opportunity . "
Reading through the various bids ( and there are many , many more from modestly sized cities across the country ) , one is struck by the extent to which local residents and leaders already know that serious broadband connectivity is the future .
There 's no need for convincing on this point , and yet it 's striking that it 's Google — not an ISP — rolling out this project .
Cities across the country are praying for fiber , and many are putting their trust in Saint Google .
Really , what choice do they have ?
If you 're not in FiOS territory , your chance of a telco running a fiber line to your home in the near future remains small ; prices for cable service , even at 50 M bps , remain high .
It was n't for nothing that Google pointedly plans to use the network to illustrate just how cheaply the entire project can be done ; the company wants to pressure ISPs to act .
The well - wired
Topeka , Columbia , Duluth , and the others are also up against a separate class of city — well - wired places such as Palo Alto , CA , which already has 40 + miles of dark fiber in the ground .
Located in Silicon Valley ( and just up the road from Google 's main office in Mountain View ) , Palo Alto has already given up on stimulus money from the US government .
Once it became clear that little cash would go to California , and that the priority would be rural and underserved areas , Palo Alto had to look elsewhere in its bid to wire the city with fiber .
According to the local paper , this led to the following City Council moment :
Council Member Sid Espinosa , who once lived at the famous Addison Avenue house where Hewlett - Packard began , made a rare direct appeal to the cameras that broadcast the council meetings online .
" If Google is out there listening , if any decision - makers are there and paying attention , we as a city are ready to move quickly to make this a reality , " he said .
" We have a commitment to this type of goal and program , and we have worked on this in a grassroots way and an organized way for many years . "
But touting its already - wired credentials puts places like Palo Alto in competition with cities like Seattle , which has also done its own homework and can offer more resources .
Palo
Alto might have a dark fiber ring in the ground , but Seattle is offering Google " an extensive existing fiber network of over 500 miles connecting every school , college and major government building in the City .
In Seattle , 88 % of residents have home computers , 84 % have Internet access and 74 % already have Internet access faster than dial - up ...
The city owns or co-owns 100,000 poles on which to construct the network .
City - owned electric and water utilities could use the network for energy management , smart grid , and other innovative uses .
Seattle has also extensively deployed technology in public safety — computers in every police and fire vehicle , video cameras in every patrol vehicle and laptops for every police officer .
This current deployment of technology could spur innovative public safety uses of a fiber network in the future . "
Madison , WI hopes to compete with the techies out West , stressing its own credentials as a technology - driven city ( " We are , big time , " says the mayor on his blog ) and offering Google " a good start on fiber with strands running under some streets and conduits already in place under some of our recently reconstructed major streets like East Washington Ave . "
And Madison hopes it has a trump card : " It does n't hurt that Google already has a foothold in Madison with an office right here . "
If Madison thinks it can win out by being a wired university town with a Google office , though , it still has to compete with towns like Ann Arbor , MI that boast the same credentials and are competing for the same prize .
In the end , there can be only one
The Google announcement set off a powerful rush of hope , longing , and even desperation across the US — and why not ?
Cities see high - speed connectivity as the future , they do n't feel like existing ISPs offer the needed innovation , and Google is offering to shoulder the cost of the network .
In Illinois , even the governor has gotten involved , calling on cities to " embrace Google ’s challenge . "
Cities have done so : Peoria recently hosted a Google Day in support of its bid , Evanston has already announced its submission , and even Quincy hopes to score the fiber network .
Watch a Quincy resident make his pitch to Google and realize just how much hope so many people have placed in the power of high - speed networking — and just how badly they feel let down by existing ISPs .
Quincy , IL makes its pitch to Google
It 's probably not helpful in the long run for cities this desperate for world - class connectivity to place so much hope in a single company , and the degree to which some city officials are willing to prostrate themselves before a multi-gajillion dollar international behemoth like Google is a bit unseemly — Topeka 's official " Google , Kansas " proclamation opened by praising Google for being a " corporation who maintains a small company feel . "
Talk about laying it on with a trowel .
But there 's no denying Google 's project is an important one , and there 's no denying that people want this badly .
When Bellingham , WA commissioned a survey of its residents a few weeks back , 95 percent of respondents wanted the city to apply for the Google project .
Terrific — but when Google makes its choice , there are going to be hundreds of disappointed cities who have no fiber network and few prospects of getting one soon .
One wonders if , after so many cities have given so much thought to the benefits such a network could bring , some might be willing to build one themselves .
Murray Siple 's feature - length documentary follows a group of homeless men who have combined bottle picking with the extreme sport of racing shopping carts down the steep hills of North Vancouver .
This subculture shows that street life is much more than the stereotypes portrayed in mainstream media .
The film takes a deep look into the lives of the men who race carts , the adversity they face and the appeal of cart racing despite the risk .
Shot in high - definition and featuring tracks from Black Mountain , Ladyhawk , Vetiver , Bison , and Alan Boyd of Little Sparta .
This film deals with mature subject matter .
Viewer discretion is advised
If you are a blogger you may be running several sites , which can take up most of your time .
There is more to each blog the just the writing of it .
You have to ensure that the content is up to date and correct , that it is interesting to your target audience and that it contains the best keywords for SEO optimization .
Then you have to deal with comments , both on the blog and on social media and spend time marketing the blogs so that you gain followers .
This can all be very time consuming , but there are some tools that can help to make it all a bit simpler .
Grammarly
Grammarly will check for spelling and grammar errors and underline any it finds in your blogging .
You can copy a blog into it or if you have WordPress , it will check your work as you type it into there .
You can also type straight into the Grammarly app .
It is easy to install and free of charge and can mean there will be far fewer errors in your work .
Yoast SEO
All bloggers will know how important SEO is and one of the best tools to help you get the best out of this is Yoast SEO .
It makes sure that your work covers all the basics , such as the word count , the links , the focus keywords and the Meta description among other things .
You simply put your work into WordPress and if this plugin has been installed , it will list all the important SEO tasks for you to see if the work needs adjusting .
Notepad ++
Alternatives
Although Notepad ++ is the most popular source - code editor for windows , it will not run the Mac .
If you are looking for something you can use on your laptop , What is the alternative to Notepad + + for Mac ?
– Setapp explains this in detail , and how several of the alternatives are better than the Notepad ++ app. CodeRunner , Espresso . and TeaCode are all suggestions that will make the job easier .
Revive Old Posts
This is a very easy to use tool that makes sharing your posts automatic .
It will also randomly pick a post from the past to be shared at whatever intervals you choose .
Unlike some of the other blogging tools , this one is not free but it can save you an awful lot of time and effort .
It will reduce the amount of time you need to spend on social media and save you the job of constantly having to update your feeds .
Broken Link Checker
Broken Link Checker is our favorite plugin for scanning posts and pages to check for broken links and then notifies via the WordPress Dashboard if there are any broken links found .
Revision Control
Revision Control is a WordPress plugin that gives the user more control over the Post / Page Revisions .
Organize Series
To write a post in parts that are published at different dates especially if the subject is too big to cover in just one post .
Organize Series is a useful WordPress plugin .
There are many other tools that will help bloggers , it just really depends on how much help you feel you personally need .
Apps such as Sumo , Canva , Ahrefs , My Stock Photos , and Design Hill are just a few of them and they are all designed to make blogging and running websites simpler .
Check them out and see which ones can free up more of your time so that you can concentrate on what you are best at and how you make your money – writing blogs .
( c)2005
nSFWComix ltd .
August 5 , 2005
Inspired by these comics and others .
" Ummm , this comic is n't intended primarily to offend Christians .
The opinions of the fictional characters portrayed herein do not necessarily reflect those of the author(s ) .
I mean , really , you 'd have to be a right headcase to believe that this comic is an attempt by the author to subvert the Christian youth and turn them against God so that the armies of Satan can grow in number until at last we may beseige the gates of Heaven and plunder all , wreaking war and doom throughout the Heavens and the Earth in the name of Beelzebub our Dark Lord and Master of All Things and ghost - writer of cartoons like this one .
I 'm just a cartoonist !
If I can make you smile , then my job is done .
No world domination for me .
No sir .
No joining the armies of Hell .
Nope .
That 's right .
And do n't you forget it .
Or I 'll put a hex on you . "
- Rev. Chuck T. Hack
It also demonstrates just how easy it is to twist the so - called " Word of God " towards whatever outcome you like .
Do n't worry though , Laura 's probably damned to eternal damnation for eternity for being a law student anyway .
XD
This week 's new NSFW movie : Little Red Riding Ho !
This report has laid out why we may be entering a near - term period of profound and abrupt change .
The temptation might be to ignore it , or to carry it awhile until some august personage assures and persuades us that such concerns are quite without foundation and that the experts are indeed in control .
Or we might wonder why we should stand out from our social group , initiate some actions , and risk the ridicule of those whose opinion we value .
There is an abundance of psychological literature exploring the diverse ways in which we as individuals and groups maintain cohesion and keep the frightening and uncomfortable at bay [ 67 ] .
Yet in acknowledging our fears and anxieties we are being true to ourselves .
Fear evolved to warn us that action must be taken , and for many , action is the means by which we surmount our fears .
Recently , a 55 page paper called Tipping Point : Near - Term Implications of a Peak in Global Oil Production ( PDF warning ) was published as the joint effort of two organizations : Feasta and The Risk / Resilience Network , with lead author David Korowicz .
We have recently published several excerpts from that paper , which can be found at this link .
This final excerpt gives the author 's view about the future .
There is much we can do .
Not to prevent or defer a collapse -- rather to prepare to some degree ourselves and communities for some of its impacts .
For example , despite the limitations of lock - in , planning for food insecurity is something in which everyone , from children to governments , has a role to play .
Other jobs , from monetary system collapse and reserve communication systems planning are more specialised , but in which we all have an interest in understanding .
And the reality is that this is the most important , meaningful , and potentially liberating work that we have ever had to do , and it must be done right now .
Our current employment status is immaterial , employed or unemployed , we can begin from where we are .
Part of the preparation is in the acknowledgement of our predicament , that we recognise it when we see it .
That as systems fail , we spend our efforts on positive change and adaption , rather than finding scapegoats or letting anger and loss drive the cannibalisation of our social fabric .
Putting a wise step forward increases the chance that the next step will be wise ; putting the foolish foot forward increases the chance that the next step will be foolish , or even initiates an evolving spiral of social breakdown .
By acknowledging the potential stresses and the demons in our nature , we can begin to protect ourselves from our own worst enemy .
What does seem clear is that those who , through fear or avarice , try and insulate themselves from the impacts by disproportionate hoarding or land grabs for example , will imperil not only their community 's security and wellbeing , but their own .
This will be a time when we really will need the cooperation and support of others , and where the idea of autonomous security through wealth and the market system will be revealed as a transient illusion .
What is important is wisdom and speed .
Our current political and social processes have not evolved to take quick and decisive action , in developed democracies .
Instead , they have evolved to manage competing interests for the spoils of growth , and the maintenance of general stability .
Constructive action must be taken at the limits of the possible , and this will require individual courage and the support of those who recognise the precarious status quo .
Finally , this is a personal story .
It will no doubt be a difficult time , and horrific for some .
We are likely to see a major increase in mortality .
But it will also be a time when many people will find a liberation in new social and personal roles ; in the new friends and connections they make ; in the skills and pastimes acquired ; in their ability to contribute to other 's welfare ; in their freedom from the subtle corrosion of positional consumption ; and in the pleasures gained from contributing to the most crucial of shared endeavours .
Reference
[ 67 ]
Cleary , S. Malleret , T. ( 2007 ) Global Risk : Business Success in Turbulent Times .
Palgrave Macmillan .
Introductory chapters review cognitive biases .
The third release of the Android Native Development Kit ( NDK ) is now available for download from the Android developer site .
It can be used to target devices running Android 1.5 and higher .
In addition to a few bug fixes and improvements , this release includes the following new features :
Toolchain improvement
The toolchain binaries have been refreshed for this release with GCC 4.4.0 , which should generate slightly more compact and efficient machine code than the previous one ( 4.2.1 ) .
Note that the GCC 4.4.0 C++ frontend is more pedantic , and may refuse to compile certain rare and invalid template declarations that were accepted by 4.2.1 .
To alleviate the problem , this NDK still provides the 4.2.1 binaries , which can optionally be used to build your machine code .
OpenGL ES 2.0 support
Applications targeting Android 2.0 ( API level 5 ) or higher can now directly access OpenGL ES 2.0 features .
This brings the ability to control graphics rendering through vertex and fragment shader programs , using the GLSL shading language .
A new trivial sample , named " hello - gl2 " , demonstrates how to render a simple triangle using both shader types .
Name simplification
This NDK release is just called " r3 " , for " Revision 3 " , to indicate that it is not limited to a specific Android platform / API level .
Some developers thought that the previous release 's name ( 1.6_r1 ) was confusing and indicated that it could only be used to target Android 1.6 , which was not true .
Enjoy !
Those who believe that the U.S. real estate crash is over are delusional .
The truth is that all the numbers point to the foreclosure crisis getting worse – not better .
Many of the talking heads on the major news shows want to make the American people feel better about the real estate market and are projecting that things will soon turn around , but a cold , hard look at the statistics tells an entirely different story .
Foreclosures are increasing and there is every indication that they will continue to increase .
According to RealtyTrac , initial foreclosure filings were reported on 367,056 properties in March , an increase of almost 19 percent from the previous month .
It was also the highest monthly total since RealtyTrac began issuing its report on initial foreclosure filings in January 2005 .
Banks also repossessed nearly 258,000 homes nationwide in the first quarter of 2010 , a 35 percent jump from the first quarter of 2009 .
Repossession is the final step in the foreclosure process , and according to Rick Sharga , a Realty Trac senior vice president , the total number of bank repossessions in 2010 could be absolutely staggering ….
“ We ’re right now on pace to see more than 1 million bank repossessions this year . ”
Not only that , but according to Realty Trac more than 4.5 million initial foreclosure filings are expected this year .
If you figure that there are approximately 4 people per household , that is another 18 million people that will be dealing with a foreclosure nightmare by the end of 2010 .
And even top financial analysts are admitting that things are not going to get any better for quite some time .
According to a report released last month by First American CoreLogic , homeowners in the U.S. that are currently “ underwater ” on their mortgages may not begin to see positive equity again until 2017 , possibly even later .
Millions of American homeowners have got to be jumping up and down for joy over that news .
But the truth is that people cannot afford to buy homes without jobs , and the IMF is projecting that unemployment will remain high for at least two more years .
Not only that , but almost all financial experts agree that interest rates are about to go up .
In fact , interest rates have already gone up significantly , and most experts forecast that they will continue to increase throughout the rest of 2010 and into 2011 .
That is going to make monthly payments on future mortgages much more expensive .
That will mean that potential home buyers will not be able to pay as much for houses that are on the market .
That means that home prices will continue to go down .
But was n’t Barack Obama supposed to step in and solve this foreclosure crisis ?
Well , it turns out that his efforts are not making much of an impact at all .
Only 168,708 homeowners had received long - term mortgage modifications under Barack Obama ’s plan as of the end of February , which represents only about three percent of the 6 million borrowers who are more than 60 days behind on their loans .
But even those who have received mortgage modifications are still struggling .
The number of homeowners who defaulted on their mortgages even after securing cheaper terms through Barack Obama ’s modification program nearly doubled in March .
So what does all of this mean ?
It means that the housing crash is NOT over .
It means that we are facing a foreclosure crisis unlike anything we have ever seen before in American history .
It means that housing prices are going to continue to come down .
Banks have tightened their lending standards .
Another huge wave of adjustable rate mortgages is scheduled to reset between now and 2012 .
Interest rates are heading upwards .
There is simply no way that housing prices are going to recover .
If you are waiting for a significant rebound in the real estate market you might as well stop waiting .
A lot more trouble is ahead for the U.S. housing market , and that is a reality that we all better get a hold of .
MONKEY GO HAPPY 2
The sequel to one of last year 's big hit puzzle games .
Have you ever wished you had a MONKEY ?
Well they 're hard work you know !
You have to spend all your time entertaining them doing anything you can ....
Why do n't you try if you have what it takes to make a Monkey GO Happy ?
Instructions
Try to make the monkeys happy and entertained .
Use your mouse to click on objects and locations on the screen .
Solve puzzles , shoot stuff and more !
The puzzles get more challenging later on in the game .
79
MONKEY GO HAPPY 2 WALKTHROUGH VIDEO
Monkey GO Happy 2 is an online puzzle game developed by Pencilkids , and has been played 1411336 times on Bubblebox.com . % of people have voted thumbs up
Check out our unfinished project cars for huge savings .
Auburn Boattail Speedster and Type 57s Bugatti kit cars stylized and inspired by Figoni and Falaschi
Description :
Huge boobs blonde amateur babe in tight dress sucks big cock to fake taxi driver then undresses and gets pierced pussy banged in different positions in public
Last week , Betanews reported on the discovery by two university researchers , made at a recent security conference , that security companies often deal with governments that can compel certificate authorities to produce SSL security keys for them .
Those keys can then be used to sign certificates as any other Web site , enabling a law enforcement authority -- hypothetically speaking , of course -- to spoof virtually any other site .
Today , Betanews heard from world - renowned security expert Kurt Seifried , author of numerous books on Linux system administration , network security , and cryptography .
In the May 2010 issue of Linux Magazine , Seifried reports on his own discovery , which goes one very critical step further :
You do n't need to be a government , he found , to compel a certificate authority ( CA ) to issue an SSL certificate for a major Web mail service of your choice .
You just need a valid credit card .
" Brief summary :
One way to get certificates for domains you do n't own : 1 ) Find a free Web mail provider .
2 ) Register an account such as ssladmin .
3 ) Go to RapidSSL.com and buy a certificate .
When given the choice of what e-mail address to use , simply select ssladmin .
4 ) Go through certificate registration process ( this takes about 20 minutes ) .
5 ) You will now have a secure Web certificate for that Web mail provider , " Seifried told Betanews this afternoon .
Advertisement
In his Linux Magazine article , Seifried lists several other permutations of generic - sounding e-mail account names that may be given to the guy in charge of administration , including the obvious postmaster , administrator , and root .
In his own tests , Seifried says , it usually took only a half - hour to acquire a perfectly valid certificate for a major Web mail service .
" The industry - accepted standard for confirming someone is who they say they are and that they control a domain is that ' the CA takes reasonable measures to verify , ' which is very ambiguous at best and meaningless at worst , " reads Seifried 's article .
" One CA proposed that customers could fax a signed letter on company letterhead as proof that they controlled a domain ( Have they not heard of word processors and image editing programs ?
Or online fax services ? ) .
CAs want to sell as many certificates for as little money as they can ; if this puts users at risk but does n't cost the CA anything , then there is no incentive to fix things . "
We asked Seifried , what can the general user do to protect himself against a possible authoritative spoof using a false certificate ?
We did n't like the sound of his answer : " Nothing .
User education has n't worked and wo n't work ... The only reason I know the difference is I investigated this a while back ; I 've been writing about how broken SSL is off and on for a decade now . "
Seifried credits Mozilla Firefox for at least giving the user good visual clues as to the validity of a signed certificate -- for instance , using the color - coded bars next to the HTTPS : address in the upper bar .
But ask everyday folks what those colors mean , he said , and they would n't be able to tell you .
Are there further steps Mozilla , or any other browser maker , could take to make " Trust " more meaningful to the user , and less likely to be something else for him to ignore ?
" Well there would be one possibility , but it 'll never happen , and that would be to boot out all the CAs that do n't do a good job verifying domains / etc. and only have root CAs that do a good job , " Seifried responded .
" Basically right now , when a CA checks ' ownership ' of a domain , it checks one e-mail address , which is trivial to bypass especially with , say , a free Web mail provider , " he continued .
" If it were to add more checks -- i.e. , the CA generates a random string ( say an MD5 sum ) and requires you to place 8987a978d987e987c978.html or whatever in your webroot at www.yourdomain.com to prove you have control over the Web server as well ; and maybe a DNS check , like requiring you to create a DNS record of iugasdcviuoba .
yourdomain.com to prove that you have control over the DNS -- that would greatly help , because in that case , you either are a legit domain owner , or the attacker has such a degree of control over your domain that any checks wo n't matter .
The funny thing is , Google used to do this for some of its services like Google Analytics .
Also making the e-mail check more stringent -- i.e. , only [ email protected ] domain listed in WHOIS , or well - known and typically controlled e-mail address such as [ email protected ] , would also help greatly .
" But then buying a certificate would take time and the verification process would fail more often ( waiting for DNS propagation / etc. ) , so it 's very unlikely to happen .
Once you get a certificate in the root CA store , you basically have a license to print money . "
U.S. investigators are homing in on the likely perpetrators of the attacks on Google and as many as 33 other companies , with evidence pointing to an Asian hacking group that is likely Chinese , according to people familiar with the investigation .
Initial forensic investigations of several of the companies affected have revealed the e
lectronic ...
I ’m fairly proud of my entertainment set - up , nice big screen , everything calibrated properly to give a nice clean image ( there not as nice as these , but not bad ) .
No matter how great your system maybe , nothing seems to ever compare to the movie theater experience .
Sitting on chairs , eating the popcorn , and watching events unfold on that nice big screen , it ’s a great time that is hard to beat .
But if you want to make it even better than that , perhaps you should try watching movies in one of these theaters :
According to the Guinness World Records the Starium Theater in Seoul Korea boasts the largest movie theater screen in the world .
Could you just imagine what that must be like to watch films on .
I mean , King Kong would be life - sized !
If you ’re deaf this is definitely the place to go , as a whopping 50 speakers are crammed into the theater as well .
And you thought your movie theater had comfy seats .
Village Roadshow ’s new Gold Class Cinema is the brand of this theater chain and is geared especially towards an upscale feel .
Hosting large lounging chairs , 5 Star restaurant menu , and even a $ 700 bottle of wine , normal ticket prices for a screening start at $ 32 a seat .
There are only a couple of these right now in the US ( Seattle and Chicago ) but Village Roadshow hopes to open up 10 more within the next couple years .
I do n’t think I could do this one .
As comfortable as those things look , I swear I ’d be more likely to fall asleep than pay attention to the film .
This dandy theater can be found in Bangkok , and features an all inclusive ticket .
Food , drink and the film are all combined into the one price .
Be prepared to pay homage if you visit this theater however , this is actually owned by the King !
Believe it or not , this is actually an AMC theater …located in Hong Kong ( really , did you think we would have something this sleek here ? ) .
This uber stylish design exudes modern and is just downright sexy .
But by far the best thing about it , the tickets are only about $ 7 .
I ’m just excited when my local theater changes their stand - up displays .
I ’m not sure what I would do if I ever went to theaters like these .
Chances are I ’d probably never leave .
- Jordan
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - Shares of companies that provided services or operated the sunken Deepwater Horizon drilling rig , including Halliburton Co HAL.N and Transocean Ltd RIGN .
SRIG.N , fell on Friday as worry about liability from a growing oil spill in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico mounted .
But some shares rebounded or trimmed earlier losses , bouncing back after several days of big declines .
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange Index of oilfield services company .OSX , which includes Halliburton and Transocean , fell 2.3 percent in afternoon trading .
“ This direct liability concern is valid , but longer term concern for disruption to activity in deepwater Gulf of Mexico and ( and potentially elsewhere ) is an incremental worry , ” energy research firm Tudor Pickering Holt & Co said in a note to clients on Friday .
“ ( Exploration and production ) companies generally indemnify the oil service companies and drillers against well control issues . ”
Transocean owned the Deepwater Horizon , which sunk last week after an explosion that likely killed 11 workers .
Oil gushing from the ocean floor is heading toward the Louisiana shore , threatening wildlife and commercial fishing operations .
The rig was contracted to BP Plc BP.
LBP.N , which bears the cost of clean - up from a widening oil spill .
Anadarko Petroleum Corp APC.N had a 25 percent interest in the well .
Halliburton provided a variety of work on the rig , while Cameron International Corp CAM .N supplied the blowout preventer for the rig .
Shares of BP traded in the U.S. fell 0.5 percent while shares of Transocean on the New York Stock Exchange skidded over 7 percent .
Halliburton was down almost 3 percent and shares of Cameron rose 2.6 percent .
Anadarko shares were down over 6 percent .
The latest amendment on State Security Law was submittend to the National People 's Congress ( NPC ) Standing Committee for review yesterday .
The drafted law requires telecom operators and Internet service providers to cooperate with public security and State security authorities on investigations of possible State secret leaks .
According to existing practice , Telecom operators and ISPs have been providing the public security and state security authorities users ’ information for facilitation investigations of crimes such as criminal libels , rumors , subversive activities and state secrets .
For example , Yahoo ! provided information on Shi Tao 's case in 2005 and Tan Zuoren 's case last year 2009 .
The former was sentenced to 10 - year imprisonment under the charge of leaking state secret while the latter was sentence to 5 - year imprisonment for defaming the Communist Party of China in email comments about the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 .
International Internet operators , such as Google has criticized the lack of legal bases and transparency in the implementation of law in China , the latest amendment will legitimatize current practice .
In the draft law , according to China Daily 's report , rather than identifying a clear list / scope of secrets , such as budgetary , finance and military informations , a State secret is defined “ as information concerning national security and interests that , if released , would harm the country 's security and interests ” and the confidentiality of files is defined by the expiration dates set by the government .
China Daily quotes law experts and explains the rationality and context behind the law amendment :
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News
Marine turtles drown when trapped in fishing gear Millions of marine turtles have been killed over the past two decades through entrapment in fishing gear , according to a global survey .
Described as the first global synthesis of existing data , the study found especially high rates of " bycatch " in the Mediterranean and eastern Pacific .
Six of the seven sea turtle types are on the Red List of Threatened Species .
Writing in the journal Conservation Letters , researchers advocate much greater use of gear safe for turtles .
These include circular hooks rather than the conventional J - shaped hooks on long fishing lines , and hatches that allow the reptiles to escape from trawls .
Turtles must come to the surface to breathe .
When they are caught in a net or on a fishing hook , they cannot surface , and drown .
Lead researcher Bryan Wallace said the state of the world 's turtles was an indicator of the wider health of the oceans .
We conservatively estimate that the true total is probably ... in the millions of turtles taken as bycatch in the past two decades
Dr Bryan Wallace " Sea turtles are sentinel species of how oceans are functioning , " he said .
" The impacts that human activities have on them give us an idea as to how those same activities are affecting the oceans on which billions of people around the world depend for their own well - being . "
Dr Wallace works in the global marine division of Conservation International and at Duke University in the US .
Off target
The raw material from the study came from records of bycatch - incidental catches in fishing gear - from different regions of the world .
Over the period 1990 - 2008 , records showed that more than 85,000 turtles were snared .
However , those records covered a tiny proportion of the world 's total fishing fleets .
" Because the reports we reviewed typically covered less than 1 % of all fleets , with little or no information from small - scale fisheries around the world , we conservatively estimate that the true total is probably not in tens of thousands , but in the millions of turtles taken as bycatch in the past two decades , " said Dr Wallace .
The green turtle , like most others , is on the threatened species list
Three types of fishing gear are identified in the survey - long - lines , gillnets and trawls .
Modern long - line boats trail strings of hooks that can be 40 km long , usually in search of high - value species such as tuna and marlin .
Gillnets are usually stationary , and use mesh of a set size in an attempt to target certain species of fish .
The researchers suggest that several areas of the world account for particularly high levels of bycatch - the Mediterranean Sea and the eastern Pacific Ocean for all types of gear , together with trawling operations off the west coast of Africa .
Catches cut Modifying fishing gear can have a dramatic impact on the size of bycatch .
Shrimp trawls fitted with turtle excluder devices ( TEDs ) catch markedly fewer of the reptiles .
A grid prevents anything large from entering the back portion of the net , and a hole above the grid allows accidentally snared animals such as turtles to escape .
Shell from the critically endangered hawksbill is used for souvenirs A number of countries now require that shrimp boats must use nets fitted with TEDs .
The circular long - line hooks also reduce bycatch of birds such as albatrosses .
However , some fleets have resisted adopting selective gear because fishermen believe it will reduce their catch .
In many parts of the developing world , the gear is not available .
Marine turtles face other significant threats .
Debris in the oceans , such as plastic bags , can also cause drowning , while development in coastal regions can affect nesting and reproduction .
Some turtles are still targeted for meat , and their shells used for tourist souvenirs .
Numbers of adult leatherbacks - the largest species , growing to more than 2 m long and capable of journeys that span entire oceans - are thought to have declined by more than 75 % between 1982 and 1996 .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( Natural News )
As many as 2,500 people per year die in the United Kingdom each year from stomach bleeding , a well - known side effect of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) such as aspirin and ibuprofen .
NSAIDs function by blocking the action of bodily chemicals known as prostaglandins , which produce inflammation in response to illness or injury .
This causes a reduction in pain , inflammation and fever symptoms in those who take the drugs , and has made them among the most popular over - the - counter drugs in the world .
But prostaglandins also play important roles in protecting the stomach 's lining from being corroded by its own digestive juices .
This is why use of NSAIDs can cause ulcers and dangerous stomach bleeding , and are meant to be avoided by people at high risk of the conditions -- such as those with a prior history of stomach bleeding .
Medical guidelines also suggest that in people at above average risk of severe bleeds , such as those over the age of 65 or already taking another NSAID , NSAIDs be given only in conjunction with a prescription drug to protect the stomach lining .
Yet in the United Kingdom , three - quarters of this population takes NSAIDs without a prescription for omeprazole , the favored anti-bleeding drug , says Dr. Mark Potter , writing in the LondonPotentially fatal stomach bleeds can set on without any prior warning symptoms .
Potter notes that while bleeding may be the most infamous NSAID risk , interfering with the body 's prostaglandins can have other severe consequences .
The chemicals also play an important role in ovulation and the implantation of fertilized eggs .
As a consequence , NSAID use can interfere with conception and is not recommended in women who are trying to or already have become pregnant .
When taken during pregnancy , NSAIDs can also delay and lengthen labor , and may interfere with the development of a child 's respiratory or circulatory system , causing lifelong health problems .
NSAIDs also cause the body to retain fluids , which may lead to kidney damage .
They also increase the risk of heart attack and stroke .
Sources for this story include : www.timesonline.co.uk
Two roosters and their owners face off in the ring at an abandoned warehouse in souther Kabul on Friday .
Some Afghans are bothered by the sport 's popularity .
Enlarge By Alan Gomez , USA TODAY Mohammad Aman , right , admits it is hard on the animals and hard to watch .
KABUL 
As the sun rises over Shar-e Naw Park , hundreds of men walk onto the dirt - covered grounds with elaborately decorated cages carrying chukar partridges they have raised .
The men gather in circles , exchange money and one by one open the cages .
With winter yielding to spring , it is one of the first days of bird - fighting season , and the men are excited .
" Last year , it beat seven birds , " Haji Sher Alam , who runs a private high school , said , pointing to his prized bird .
It looks something like a tall , fat pigeon .
Just like some people in the United States , some Afghans pit dogs and roosters in bloody , violent matches while betting big money .
In Afghanistan , where it is legal , they also fight birds , horses , rams and , in some parts of the north , camels .
Haji Faiz Mohammad , 76 , who came to watch Friday 's bird fights , said animal - fighting has become part of the Afghan culture after decades of nearly non -stop war .
He said people have grown to appreciate the art and nature of fighting .
" I 've grown up in war , " Mohammad said .
" So anything that involves a fight , I love . "
Alam sees it the same way .
" Since the people of Afghanistan have always been fighting , " he says , " what else can we love except fighting ? "
Even when families gather on windy hilltops to fly their ubiquitous kites , they do it to fight them .
Despite a strong thunderstorm Friday , hundreds showed up at a hill in central Afghanistan to battle .
" It 's boring if you 're not fighting , " said Mohammad Akmal , snapping his line to try to take down a competitor 's kite .
Kite fighting is a source of national pride , popularized by the 2003 novel The Kite Runner .
Some Afghans , though , do n't like the idea of having their identity characterized by vicious animal fighting .
Fazel Ahmad Manawi , a member of the government 's council of religious scholars , said the fighting and betting involved in animal fights are against Islamic law .
Such fights were banned under the Taliban rule of the 1990s , and he is upset that the government in power since then has ignored the issue .
" We will propose ( a ban ) to the government again , " he said .
" Only one fighting is legitimate and that is to defend ourselves and our homeland . "
Habiburahman Saleh , a spokesman for the Ministry of Religious Affairs , said his office has received no complaints , but he has encouraged mullahs to preach against the practice .
Proud tradition of competition Hundreds of men gather weekly in an abandoned Soviet factory in southern Kabul for a full day of cockfighting .
They pay an entrance fee , about 50 cents , and break only to pray , eat lunch , refill their cups of tea and negotiate wagers .
Owners explained how they spent the winter preparing .
Mohammad Aman said owners take meticulous care of their roosters , walking them for at least an hour each morning to build up their strength .
Several times a week , they wrap the birds in cold , wet fabric followed by hot fabric .
" This hardens their muscles , " Aman said .
Sheerim Agha , a fruit seller , was looking to buy a new fighting rooster , which he said can cost the equivalent of $ 2,000 for a respected pedigree .
" As Afghans are brave and courageous , our roosters are brave and courageous too , " he said .
Ajmal Rasuly has three birds that he bought from a dealer across the Pakistani border in Quetta .
One of his birds lost Friday morning , but the others should do well this year , he said .
One is named John Cena , after the U.S. professional wrestler .
" My daughter named that one , " he laughed .
A question of animal rights Aman said he recognizes the cruelty involved in the fights .
He said it 's difficult watching his birds torn apart .
He shows off the spurs , sharpened to a fine point , growing on the back of the bird 's legs .
Aman , an elderly man who does n't remember exactly how old he is , threw his hands in the air when asked why he still participates .
" I know it 's bad , " he said .
" But it 's my passion .
How can I stop ? "
At a nearby field , several men said they hoped dog- fighting season had not come to an end .
They do n't fight the dogs when it gets too hot because it takes too long for them to recover from injuries .
Mohammad
Aref said he understands that the fights can be dangerous , and not just for the animals .
He said some owners are considering building a fence to keep spectators from getting too close . "
It 's hard to control the crowd , " he said .
" Sometimes , the kids get too close and get bitten . "
Under the midday sun ,
Aref realized nobody else was showing up to fight his huge mutt , Gomzy .
" A few friends have told me to stop .
They say there 's a lot of sin in the fighting , " said Aref , 48 , a tailor .
" How can we stop one of our loves ? "
Aref recalls as a boy his uncle taking him to the national stadium to watch government - sponsored animal fights .
Looking around the barren field , he hopes the sport can regain that prominence .
" If it was in the Olympics or some good organized dog - fighting league , that would be best . "
Contributing : Ali Safi Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Above all other reasons , voters who oppose ObamaCare cite their fear over costs :
They think it will cause their insurance premiums to soar and result in far higher taxes to fund a vast new entitlement .
The public is right on both counts , which is why White House smokejumpers have been dispatched to put out this fire as the final votes approach .
Let 's take their claims one by one , as a public service while everyone else focuses on the whip count .
•...
Freaky Thursday - Foreclosures and China GDP Hit Records
" I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies .
If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their currency , first by inflation , then by deflation , the banks and corporations that will grow up around [ the banks ] will deprive the people of all property until their children wake - up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered .
The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the people , to whom it properly belongs . "
- Thomas Jefferson
Poor Jefferson must be rolling over in his grave today one in 138 American homes ( 932,234 ) received a default or auction notice , or were repossessed by banks in the firs quarter of this year .
That is an annualized pace of 3 % of all homes ( i.e.. one in 33 ) , which means THIS YEAR , someone on your block is having their home taken from them …
Foreclosure filings in the U.S. rose 16 percent in the first quarter from a year earlier and bank seizures hit a record as lenders stepped up action against delinquent homeowners , according to RealtyTrac Inc.
Unemployed and “ underwater ” homeowners , or those who owe more than their property is worth , are driving foreclosures .
The U.S. jobless rate was 9.7 percent in March , unchanged for a third month , the Labor Department reported April 2 .
More than a fifth ( 20 % !!! ) of mortgaged homes were underwater in the fourth quarter , according to real estate data firm Zillow.com .
Bank repossessions climbed to 257,944 in the quarter .
Scheduled auctions totaled 369,491 , also the most since RealtyTrac began releasing data .
Please read that again .
3 % of the homes in America are being foreclosed on NOW .
20 % of the homes in America are underwater , 10 % of the population is unemployed , 25 % of the population is " underemployed . "
These numbers will not just go away because the S&P hits 1,200 !
Foreclosure prevention efforts such as the U.S. Treasury ’s Making Home Affordable Program may have “ slowed down the normal foreclosure timeline , ” James J. Saccacio , Realty Trac ’s chief executive officer , said in today ’s report .
The number of homes seized by lenders rose 35 percent from a year earlier , Realty Trac said .
Auctions increased 21 percent from the same period in 2009 .
Nevada has the worst rate in the nation with 1 in 33 homes getting a notice in Q1 - an annual rate of 12 % of all homes - PER YEAR !
This is exactly what Jefferson was worried about over 200 years ago …
Note from the chart on the right and as we ’ve discussed previously , there is a 10 - month gap between missing your mortgage payment and losing your home .
Right now , there are MILLIONS of Americans somewhere in this loop , effectively living rent - free for as long as it lasts .
This is putting over $ 40 Bn a month into the consumer spending pool that otherwise would be chewed up by mortgage payments so we are pretty much boosting retail spending at the banks ’ expense but , of course , nothing really comes at the banks ’ expense since they hide all their losses until the government papers it over so this is all just a part of the overall free money party being thrown by the Fed at the eventual expense of the taxpayers .
And who , ultimately , benefits from the confiscation of the people ’s property ?
Who are the banks and the corporations that grow up around them that Jefferson warned us about ?
If you ’ve been reading my columns , it ’s an easy answer and I ’m not going to get into it here because many of those companies will be appearing on this weekend ’s new Buy List ( which I just updated for Members this morning ) as those who have money get to buy your old property for 50 cents on the dollar - maybe less .
This is the game that ’s been going on since long before Jefferson ’s time , ever since 1215 when the English Barons ( not the people ) forced King John to grant them lasting property rights which they in turn used to turn their former serfs into wage slaves by dangling the carrot of property ownership in front of the working man .
It ’s a simple method of buying low and selling high .
The landowners play a long game since they start the game with money and can afford to be patient ( like poker ) .
They keep available land scarce and drive up the prices , and they drive up demand by lending money ( to buy their own properties ) until the value reaches a point at which they begin to dump land on the open market , which then decreases the price and drives the borrowers to default .
At the same time they stop lending money , meaning no new buyers will come on the market at which point the peasants who need to sell their land are totally screwed and are forced to lose substantial amounts - often their life savings - in order to get out of the constant debt burden of home ownership .
Once the properties crash back to very low levels , the Barons ( who still wo n’t lend to others to keep out competition ) begin to confiscate what properties they can and buy back the rest .
Once they have their land back - they begin the cycle again .
Is n’t capitalism great ?!?
Speaking of Capitalists who have lots of money - China ’s economy is growing at an 11.9 % pace and that sort of news used to take down the markets as it indicated they would put on the brakes but China is doing a neat trick by keeping consumer price inflation way down at 2.4 % while the manufactures eat the rest of the 5.9 % increase in Producer Prices - is n’t that nice of them ?
Some investors , including hedge fund manager Jim Chanos , already see a property bubble in China that could reverberate around the world if it bursts .
“ The case for policy tightening remains intact given the risks of China ’s economy overheating , ” said Brian Jackson , a Hong Kong - based strategist at Royal Bank of Canada .
“ The additional measures announced today suggest policy makers remain reluctant to use the blunt instrument of higher interest rates , but it is unlikely that extra fine - tuning will be enough to slow down the property market .
Residential and commercial real - estate prices in 70 cities climbed 11.7 percent in March from a year earlier , the most since data began in 2005 . ”
The Hang Seng was pretty much flat on this news and , in fact , fell from 22,338 at the open to 22,158 at the close but that still counts at a +36 day so we put that in the win column for the Honorable Trade - Bot of China .
Shanghai could n’t hold it together but did run up 30 points into the close and finished down just 0.04 % for the day - not too bad after spending most of the day falling 50 points ( 1.5 % ) .
The Nikkei celebrated the usual dollar spike back to 93.5
Yen which , as usual , reversed once the Nikkei closed in what is perhaps the biggest joke in all of investing ( buy Yen at 9 pm , sell yen the next morning ) .
Europe is flat this morning wondering what we are going to do and Greece is off again - scrapping their bond issue due to a seeming lack of demand .
This is the kind of thing we would be worried about if we had n’t switched our brains off and gone bullish and we will keep our brains switched off as long as we are over our levels .
Sure we dropped 484,000 jobs last week and sure that was 10 % more than expected and sure continuing claims are up to 4,639,000 , which is 59,000 more than expected and up 70,000 from last month .
Who cares about that , Cramer says to ignore all those funnymentals and we ’re sticking with Cramer !
Capacity Utilization remains an anemic 73.2 % but that makes sense as 25 % of the population is underemployed and 10 % have no jobs at all so why turn the machines on ?
See - we ’re saving energy !
Industrial Production was up 0.1 % vs 0.5 % expected but that ’s just an 80 % miss so we ’re not going to worry about that are we ?
The Empire Manufacturing Index was a legitimate bright spot at 31.86 , up from 22.86 last month and blowing away expectations ( and all logic ) of 24 .
Do we believe that Manufacturing ramped up 25 % in a single month ?
Sure , why not - we believe the economy is recovering , we believe inflation is under control and we believe housing is coming back so why the hell would n’t we believe this - do n’t forget , we ’re just 8 months away from our Santa rally too !
So ho - ho - ho we ’re going to party like it ’s 1999 for another day at least , the Nasdaq will punch through 2,500 today and the NYSE is over 7,700 and we ’ll get our Russell 720 too .
All that ’s left now is SOX 400 and it ’s the perfect top - oops , I mean mid-point … silly brain , must have had too much coffee this morning …
By Phil
www.philstockworld.com
Philip R. Davis is a founder of Phil's Stock World ( www.philstockworld.com), a stock and options trading site that teaches the art of options trading to newcomers and devises advanced strategies for expert traders .
Mr. Davis is a serial entrepreneur , having founded software company Accu- Title , a real estate title insurance software solution , and is also the President of the Delphi Consulting Corp. , an M&A consulting firm that helps large and small companies obtain funding and close deals .
He was also the founder of Accu- Search , a property data corporation that was sold to DataTrace in 2004 and Personality Plus , a precursor to eHarmony.com .
Phil was a former editor of a UMass / Amherst humor magazine and it shows in his writing -- which is filled with colorful commentary along with very specific ideas on stock option purchases ( Phil rarely holds actual stocks ) .
Visit : Phil's Stock World ( www.philstockworld.com)
© 2010 Copyright PhilStockWorld - All Rights Reserved Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Get your dream Research Paper Professional : Help for US / UK Academics
Author : Randy Levy Designation : Senior Writer at Essay Academia Date Published : 1 April , 2010
Knowledge is power .
Without a deep and proper knowledge base , no student from US or UK can ever dream of securing the dream marks in the final assessment .
Besides the regular studying and understanding the , concepts , there are various inherent factors , which eventually determine the final tally of the marks , in any particular subject matter .
The contemporary education system has been developed and formulated , keeping in view these crucial facts and pointers .
The main emphasis is always laid on the knowledge foundation , and to see and observe , how this can help the student to prepare for the practical implementations in life .
And for this very reason , the concept of Research Paper has been devised by the custodians of modern educational system in both UK and US universities and colleges .
The importance of Research Paper can be easily gauged from the fact that in UK colleges , more than 20 % of the final marks at the end of the academic year is calculated on the basis of the Research Paper submission .
The quality , and the adherence to the various rules while submitting the Research Paper is scrutinized , against the back drop of the actual marks scored , and the level of confidence of the student .
This trend is not only visible in UK , but also in US and other western world universities and colleges .
Research Paper writing involves some close analysis of the chosen subject matter , and then replicating the efforts in terms of words and sentences into a physical storage medium like file or a book .
This collection of thesis and essays is presented to the panel of examiners , who are eventually going to award the marks for the Research Paper .
Developing such high quality and plagiarism free Research paper writing is never easy .
And , most of the students fail to obtain good mark , only because their Research Paper was not up to the mark .
Inside UK and UK , you can easily find this trend .
So , how can one get good marks with the help of the Research Paper ?
Welcome to Essayacademia.com .
It is a unique writing service wherein the students can get high quality Research Paper written and optimized as per their own requirements .
Also called online customized writing service , it is a big hit among various cross-sections of educationists , academicians as well the students .
If the Research Paper submitted by you is excellent and a cut above the average , there is a good deal of chance that you may be among the highest grosser of marks in your final year assessment .
Thousands of students from both UK and US are benefitting immensely from this unique service , and now it is your turn to experience it .
Research paper writing is much more than just writing .
It involves an in - depth analysis and observation of the subject matter , and then designing the whole structure as per the official guidelines of the UK and US universities .
With our expert and experienced panel on - board to serve you , you can be dead sure that the product which you are getting is just the perfect .
And the Draft offer which we are providing is just the icing on the cake .
Have a free sample on any topic of your choice , before making the final order through us .
Try us once , to feel the difference it makes to your academic career and your future .
If we were truly created by God , then why do we still occasionally bite the insides of our own mouths ?
Apple Computer co-founder and philanthropist Steve Wozniak speaks in San Francisco , California , on February 1 . US national security leaders and top cyber warriors from around the world are gathering here to plot defenses against criminals and spies that increasingly plague the Internet .
US national security leaders and top cyber warriors from around the world are gathering here to plot defenses against criminals and spies that increasingly plague the Internet .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and White House Cyber Security Coordinator Howard Schmidt will take part in this week 's RSA conference along with computer defense companies and technology icons such as Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak and Craigslist creator Craig Newmark .
" We have before us more data moving into the cloud and more sophisticated cyber criminals , " said Qualys chief executive Philippe Courtot , who is among the keynote speakers at the premier event that kicks off on Monday .
" We need corporations , government and community working closer together . "
Social networking and applications being hosted as services in the Internet " cloud " are among hot Internet trends presenting opportunities for hackers and challenges for those guarding networks .
Gone are the days when protecting computers meant building virtual fortress walls to keep attackers out and then hunting down software viruses by simply matching codes to lists of known offenders .
Conference topics will include finding ways to let workers visit online social networking sites or let employees or partners access business networks safely from distant spots without opening computers to infections .
Legitimate websites must remain vigilant against being booby - trapped by hackers .
Computer defenses have broadened to include automated systems on constant watch for suspicious behavior , such as online bank account log - in information being entered faster than humanly possible .
Cyber crooks use programs that enter data quicker than fingers can type .
Organized crime and espionage themes promise to dominate at RSA , in part thanks to a slick online assault on Google and the recent discovery of some 75,000 computers worldwide woven into a " Kneber botnet " by malicious code .
" Malware has become important as the sophistication of the attacks has increased , " said Courtot , whose company was founded in France in 1999 and later moved to California .
" That is underscored by the Google Aurora attack .
Now we know for a fact more than a hundred companies were compromised in very targeted attacks of industrial espionage , " Courtot said .
FBI chief Robert Mueller will detail cyber threats ranging from identity theft to how extremists and hostile foreign powers abuse the Internet .
Former Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff and Richard Clarke , former chief counter - terrorism adviser at the National Security Council , will discuss dealing with cyberspace threats " without creating Big Brother . "
Napolitano is to focus on how online threats hit society .
Schmidt will take part in a " town hall " talk .
Technology firms ranging from big guns such as Microsoft , Cisco , IBM , Symantec will join smaller cyber warriors specializing in fields including biometrics , encryption , and online behavior .
" There are so many security topics high on the agenda , " Cellcrypt chief executive Simon Bransfield - Garth told AFP .
" Certainly one of the topics is how mobile devices are becoming more like computers with the benefits and drawbacks as well . "
A hacker organization recently released online open - source computer code for capturing mobile telephone conversations , according to Bransfield - Garth , whose company specializes in smartphone defenses .
RSA is expected to be rife with releases of studies highlighting threats , and rich with launches of products or services pitched as defensive weapons .
Startup XyberSecure will challenge those gathered to hack into a website to prove the prowess of its " behavior - based " security .
RSA was created in 1991 for cryptographers to share advances in Internet security but has evolved with the times , according to conference general manager Sandra Toms LaPedis .
" Our mission to drive the worldwide information security agenda , " LaPedis said .
Explore further Cisco offering computing cloud protection
( c ) 2010 AFP
( CNN ) --
The British government has apologized to Pope Benedict XVI for a Foreign Office memo suggesting that he could launch Benedict - brand condoms or bless a gay marriage when he visits the United Kingdom later this year .
Many of the ideas in the document are " clearly ill - judged , naive and disrespectful , " the Foreign Office said in a statement Sunday .
The writer of the memo " has been transferred to other duties .
He has been told orally and in writing that this was a serious error of judgment , " the Foreign Office said .
The Vatican is steadfastly opposed to the use of condoms for any reason and to gay marriage .
The memo also includes suggestions that the pope ordain a female priest or launch an abortion clinic -- both of which are forbidden by Roman Catholic doctrine .
The document was leaked to the Sunday Telegraph newspaper .
The Foreign Office confirmed to CNN that it is genuine .
It contains a number of references to the child abuse scandal sweeping the Catholic Church , such as proposals for the pope to launch a child - abuse hotline and to announce he's " sacking dodgy bishops . "
Vatican says sex abuse lawsuit lacks merit
The Vatican had little reaction .
" The UK government has already clarified the matter and I have nothing to add , " spokesman Federico Lombardi said .
But Jack Valero , a spokesman for the Catholic Bishops ' Conference of England and Wales , called the memo a " joke that 's gone out of control . "
" It was somebody trying to be funny in an offensive sort of way , " he said , adding it was " not important " and that " Catholics are used to forgiveness . "
Benedict is making a four - day state visit to England and Scotland in September .
There was a small protest against the planned visit at Westminster Cathedral in London last month .
About 50 demonstrators called for the pope to resign over allegations he " protected " child abusers .
Richard Dawkins , the British scientist and noted atheist , has threatened to try to have the pope arrested when he visits the UK .
Benedict said Sunday he wanted to " thank above all thank and encourage all of those who are dedicated to the prevention " of violence against and exploitation of children .
CNN 's Hada Messia and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .
Parachute designs have been around since the 15th century , but in the 1880s , they were still a rare sight , so it ’s hard to say what inspired 10 - year - old John Murray , a poor boy in Grand Rapids , Michigan , to design his own parachute .
According to a later account in the San Francisco Examiner , the boy took “ a piece of tissue paper , some twine , and an exceedingly disgruntled cat , undesired in the neighborhood ” and fashioned a parachute , then dropped the surly aeronaut off a high bridge .
As the tissue canopy filled with air and the parachute glided off for half a mile , the boy could see his future .
At 13 , Murray made his first ascent with a hot - air balloon .
He planned to ride the balloon down as the air cooled .
But once in the sky , he found the balloon was ablaze , most likely due to a spark from the wood fire that supplied the hot air .
The boy climbed up the balloon and used his coat and a sand bag to put the fire out .
He landed unharmed , but the close call must have reinforced his respect for a dedicated method that would bring someone down safely from a great height .
By age 16 , he had taken the stage name Charles Broadwick , and was performing in venues like fairs and resorts , and entertaining crowds with an act in which he would ascend with a balloon and float back down with a parachute .
The preparation was as much a part of the show as the ascent and drop .
A crowd watched as the 90 - foot - high balloon , filled with hot smoke , fought to rise .
A dozen or more strong men held down its tethers .
Meanwhile , Broadwick inspected his parachute rig , stretched on the ground .
The apparatus was simple , and weighed about 40 to 45 pounds .
The canopy was made of heavy muslin strips that were stitched together lengthwise to form a dome .
The rim of the dome was connected by suspension lines to a trapeze , which the parachutist would grasp .
The limp canopy was suspended from the bottom of the balloon by a rope , which ran through a mechanism with a blade embedded in it .
When the aeronaut was ready to cut the parachute free , he would tug on a long cord attached to the blade , severing the rope and releasing the parachute from the balloon .
Once the parachute was inspected and the balloon filled , Broadwick would duck into his nearby tent and don his spangled tights .
He would then ring a loud bell , dash out to the balloon - and - chute rig , grasp the trapeze bar , and shout , “ Let go ! ”
The men released the ropes and the balloon shot up , with Broadwick running briefly until the balloon pulled the parachute and him aloft .
Upon reaching a height sufficient to ensure the parachute would fill with air as it dropped , Broadwick would cut himself and his parachute free .
Relieved of its weight , the balloon would twist over , belching out black smoke , and fall to the ground .
Briefly , Broadwick would plummet — eliciting gasps from the pompadoured ladies and bowler - hatted men .
But as the chute filled with air , his speed would slow , and the canopy would waft him — usually gently — to the ground .
Although aeronauts ballyhooed the risks , sometimes parachuting from a hot - air balloon really was “ death - defying . ”
In fact , in 1905 , Broadwick watched his beautiful companion , known as Maude Broadwick , fall to her death after getting caught up in the balloon ’s tethers .
Another common danger was ascending in a closed area .
The aeronaut — suspended 30 or 40 feet beneath the balloon — could be slammed against nearby buildings or trees , and seriously injured or killed .
In 1906 , Broadwick demonstrated an ingenious solution he had devised to protect the parachutist from such dangers .
He simply folded the canopy and its suspension lines into a pack , which he then strapped to his back .
Broadwick ascended while tethered directly to the balloon — just 12 feet below it , rather than 40 .
What deployed the parachute was a lightweight cord called a static line .
One end of this line was attached to the balloon , and the other to the peak of the parachute canopy .
As the jumper left the balloon , his weight would pull the static line taut , and yank the parachute from the pack .
The line would then snap , and the canopy , filled with air , would float the aeronaut to earth .
글로벌 교육의 미래 , 해커스 교육그룹이 만들어갑니 다
By Sean Coughlan
BBC News education correspondent
Students say the political parties are failing to connect with their concerns Students say their campaign against higher tuition fees in England could decide the outcome of the election in dozens of university seats .
The National Union of Students says 1,000 candidates have signed its pledge against voting for higher fees if they are elected .
Students count for between 10 % and 30 % of voters in 45 seats , it says .
" Students look set to swing the election in a number of key seats , " says NUS president Aaron Porter .
The NUS says that political parties are struggling to connect with the two million student voters - with almost no debate over tuition fees .
' Unprecedented '
" It is still all to play for in this general election and all indications show that the student vote is still there to be won , " says Mr Porter .
Students have accused political parties of hiding behind a review into university funding that will not report until after the election .
They were supported in this claim by the Institute for Fiscal Studies which published an analysis of manifesto promises for education .
" An issue as important as university funding should be part of the electoral debate , not kicked into the long grass , " the report concluded .
The Labour manifesto promises extra places , but makes no commitment on how much students will have to pay - referring instead to the funding review .
The Conservatives also promise extra places and say that they will " consider carefully " the outcome of the funding review .
The Liberal Democrats are promising to phase out tuition fees over the next six years - at a cost rising to £ 1.8 bn a year .
The NUS is mobilising the student vote to campaign against raising fees in England above the current level of £ 3,225 per year .
' Unprecedented influence '
It has been pressing candidates to sign a pledge against raising the level of fees - and says that it has so far gained the support of 200 Labour , 13 Conservative , 400 Liberal Democrat , 200 Green and 200 UKIP candidates .
Among the prominent candidates signing the pledge are Phil Woolas , Tony McNulty , Nick Clegg and Vince Cable .
An earlier survey from Endsleigh insurance and the NUS suggests the student vote is waiting to be persuaded - with none of the parties so far having made much of an impression .
It claims that 75 % of students intend to vote , but 81 % " say they have never been contacted by any of the political parties " .
According to this survey , two thirds of student voters could be swayed over the issue of tuition fees .
" As students prepare to vote in record numbers , the influence that we could have on this general election is unprecedented , " said Mr Porter .
" With more than 45 vital constituencies around the country containing large student populations , the candidates who can effectively engage with this group are sure to reap the rewards on election day .
No party can take the student vote for granted . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
First the state was pulling the ol ' Fake Prom grift on Constance McMillen , and now it 's removing a butch - ish lesbian from her high school yearbook , entirely .
That 's what happened to Ceara Sturgis of Hazlehurst , MS , anyway .
Ceara is a graduating senior at the Wesson Attendance Center ( " attendance center " being the most depressingly — and , for Mississippi , aptly — reductive and simplistic description of a high school we 've ever heard ) and by all accounts a good student .
At the top of her class !
And yet the school banned her photo from the yearbook because she was sporting both a tuxedo and Justin Bieber hair in her senior picture .
After that became an issue , the dang school just completely removed any mention of her , from the entire book .
Sturgis ' mother says :
It 's like she 's nobody there , even though she 's gone to school there for 12 years .
They mentioned none of her accolades , even though she 's one of the smartest students there with wonderful grades .
They 've got kids in the book that have been busted for drugs .
There 's even a picture of one of the seniors who dropped out of school .
Terrific !
It 's not already hard enough to be a lesbian teenager in Mississippi , peer wise .
Now the grownup , adult , mature - people administrators at these Just Please Show Up centers are actively trying to ruin these kids ' prom and yearbook experiences because they 're gross weirdos .
Next they 'll be taking your driver 's license the day you get it and punching you in the face during your first kiss .
But at least everyone else 's important Sitting There Daily Center memories will be untarnished , blessedly protected from the hideous Lesbo Tux Teen menace .
That 's what 's truly important here .
[ Queerty ]
Poland 's parliamentary Speaker has set June 20 as the date for an early presidential election after the death of President Lech Kaczynski in a plane crash 11 days ago .
Bronislaw Komorowski , who is the acting president and will be a candidate , set that date for the first round of voting .
If no candidate wins at least 50 per cent , a second round will be held two weeks later , on July 4 .
Elections were originally to have been held this autumn but had to be moved up due to Kaczynski's death April 10 in a plane crash in western Russia .
The crash also killed his wife and 94 others , including many of the country 's civilian and military leaders .
Bright .
Bold .
Electric .
That ’s the Sounders FC ’s new third kit , revealed Tuesday at the Sounders FC Pro Shop at Pacific Place .
Jhon Kennedy Hurtado , Fredy Montero and Steve Zakuani sported the new jerseys while owner / GM Adrian Hanauer talked about the benefits of the addition to the Seattle jersey realm .
“ It ’s another opportunity to make a statement about our brand , ” Hanauer said .
“ We ’ll use them , not exclusively , but largely in the friendlies and potentially in the Open Cup or Champions League . ”
Hanauer did n’t limit the possibilities to non-league games though .
“ I would n’t put it past Sigi to mix it into a league game if he thought there was the potential to get points by putting a different color jersey on , ” he laughed .
“ I think everyone knows we ’re a rave green team , but it ’s nice to add another palette and a little bit of fun . ”
With over 100 fans on hand for the unveil , the jerseys have already hit the streets .
And while the reaction was somewhat mixed , the general response from those who saw them in person was positive .
“ I like it .
I ’m all for trying something different .
It ’s a bold statement and it still has the rave green , ” said Alliance Council member Greg Roth .
“ When we launched our rave green kit that was a pretty bold statement , too .
It ’s right in alignment with the philosophy of creating an international brand . ”
Added fellow Council member Jason Evilive , “ It ’s not bad .
I was expecting something else , so when I saw it I thought it was n’t too bad .
I actually think it ’s kind of cool in person .
I ’m definitely excited to see it on the field . ”
Steve Zakuani said that he liked the kit , but the results on the field will help shape his long - standing impression .
“ It ’s like Brazil , he said .
“ So if we can play like them when we wear it , it ’s perfect . ”
The first chance to see them will likely come in the club ’s friendlies , which are expected to be announced soon .
The performance design cues carry over with adidas FORMOTION and CLIMACOOL .
FORMOTION technology allows the uniforms to move naturally with the athlete 's body resulting in ideal comfort while in motion .
CLIMACOOL technology combines moisture wicking fabric with strategically placed mesh material in the player 's heat zones to keep the athlete at optimum temperature .
Fans can purchase the third kit at the Pacific Place and Qwest Field Pro Shop 's or through the team 's website .
For more information on Sounders FC merchandise visit http://proshop.soundersfc.com.
We 're not easily shocked by entertainment industry overreaching ; unfortunately , it 's par for the course .
But we were taken aback by the wish list the industry submitted in response to the Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator 's request for comments on the forthcoming " Joint Strategic Plan " for intellectual property enforcement .
The comments submitted by various organizations provide a kind of window into how these organizations view both intellectual property and the public interest .
For example , EFF and other public interest groups have asked the IPEC to take a balanced approach to intellectual property enforcement , paying close attention to the actual harm caused , the potential unexpected consequences of government intervention , and compelling countervailing priorities .
The joint comment filed by the Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) , the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) and others stands as a sharp contrast , mapping out a vision of the future where Big Media priorities are woven deep into the Internet , law enforcement , and educational institutions .
Consider the following , all taken from the entertainment industry 's submission to the IPEC .
" Anti-infringement " software for home computers
There are several technologies and methods that can be used by network administrators and providers ... these include [ consumer ] tools for managing copyright infringement from the home ( based on tools used to protect consumers from viruses and malware ) .
In other words , the entertainment industry thinks consumers should voluntarily install software that constantly scans our computers and identifies ( and perhaps deletes ) files found to be " infringing . "
It 's hard to believe the industry thinks savvy , security - conscious consumers would voluntarily do so .
But those who remember the Sony BMG rootkit debacle know that the entertainment industry is all too willing to sacrifice consumers at the altar of copyright enforcement .
Pervasive copyright filtering
Network administrators and providers should be encouraged to implement those solutions that are available and reasonable to address infringement on their networks .
[ This suggestion is preceded by a list of filtering methods , like protocol filtering , fingerprint - based filtering , bandwidth throttling , etc . ]
The entertainment industry loves widespread filtering as a " solution " to online copyright infringement — in fact , it has successfully persuaded Congress to push these technologies on institutions of higher - education .
But this " solution " is full of flaws .
First , even the " best " automated copyright blocking systems fail to protect fair use .
Worse , these techniques are unlikely to make any lasting dent on infringing behavior , but will instead just invite the use of more encryption and private " darknets " ( or even just more hand - to - hand sharing of hard drives and burned DVDs ) .
But perhaps the most pernicious effect may be that copyright protection measures can be trojan horses for consumer surveillance .
In an age of warrantless wiretapping and national censorship , building more surveillance and inspection technologies into the heart of the Internet is an obviously bad idea .
In the words of the Hollywood movie , " if you build it , they will come . "
Intimidate and propagandize travelers at the border
Customs authorities should be encouraged to do more to educate the traveling public and entrants into the United States about these issues .
In particular , points of entry into the United States are underused venues for educating the public about the threat to our economy ( and to public safety ) posed by counterfeit and pirate products .
Customs forms should be amended to require the disclosure of pirate or counterfeit items being brought into the United States .
Does that iPod in your hand luggage contain copies of songs extracted from friends '
CDs ?
Is your computer storing movies ripped from DVD ( handy for conserving battery life on long trips ) ?
Was that book you bought overseas " licensed " for use in the United States ?
These are the kinds of questions the industry would like you to answer on your customs form when you cross borders or return home from abroad .
What is more , this suggestion also raises the specter of something we 've heard the entertainment industry suggest before : more searches and seizures of electronic goods at the border .
Once border officials are empowered to search every electronic device for " pirated " content , digital privacy will all but disappear , at least for international travelers .
From what we 've learned about the fight over a de minimis border measures search exclusion in the latest leaked text , ACTA might just try to make this a reality .
Bully countries that have tech - friendly policies
The government should develop a process to identify those online sites that are most significantly engaged in conducting or facilitating the theft of intellectual property .
Among other uses , this identification would be valuable in the interagency process that culminates in the annual Special 301 report , listing countries that fail to provide adequate and effective protection to U.S. intellectual property rights holders .
Special 301 could provide a focus on those countries where companies engaged in systematic online theft of U.S. copyrighted materials are registered or operated , or where their sites are hosted .
Targeting such companies and websites in the Special 301 report would put the countries involved on notice that dealing with such hotbeds of copyright theft will be an important topic of bilateral engagement with the U.S. in the year to come .
( As noted above , while many of these sites are located outside the U.S. , their ability to distribute pirate content in the U.S. depends on U.S. - based ISP communications facilities and services and U.S. - based server farms operated commercially by U.S. - based companies . )
Some background : the Special 301 process is a particularly unpleasant annual procedure by which the United States Trade Representative ( USTR ) pressures other countries to adopt tougher intellectual property laws and spend more for IP enforcement .
In the Special 301 report , the USTR singles out particular countries for their " bad " intellectual property policies , placing them on a watch list , and threatening trade sanctions for those that deny " adequate and effective protection " for US IP rightsholders or restrict fair and equitable market access for US intellectual property .
Before this year , the US Trade Representative only sought input from the entertainment and pharmaceutical industries for these rankings , resulting in unbalanced assessment criteria .
Countries have been listed for failing to sign on to controversial international treaties or for not mirroring certain parts of US law .
For example , Chile was named for considering fair use - style exceptions to its copyright law ; Canada was listed for requiring that its customs officers have a court order before seizing goods at the border ; and Israel was highlighted for refusing to adopt DMCA - style anti-circumvention provisions after legislative debate concluded that anti-circumvention laws would have no effect on copyright infringement .
The creative communities ' proposal imagines that the US Trade Representative should become a glorified messenger for Big Media , using its resources to pressure countries that " harbor " websites and Internet services that facilitate copyright infringement .
In other words , they believe that the USTR should put US IP rightsholders ' interests at the center of its foreign policy , ignoring other foreign policy goals such as regional security , and promoting innovation and competition .
Federal agents working on Hollywood 's clock
The planned release of a blockbuster motion picture should be acknowledged as an event that attracts the focused efforts of copyright thieves , who will seek to obtain and distribute pre-release versions and / or to undermine legitimate release by unauthorized distribution through other channels .
Enforcement agencies ( notably within DOJ and DHS ) should plan a similarly focused preventive and responsive strategy .
An interagency task force should work with industry to coordinate and make advance plans to try to interdict these most damaging forms of copyright theft , and to react swiftly with enforcement actions where necessary .
This is perhaps the most revealing of the proposals : big Hollywood studios deputizing the FBI and Department of Homeland Security to provide taxpayer - supported muscle for summer blockbuster films .
Jokes have been made about SWAT team raids on stereotypical file - sharers in college dorm rooms — but this entertainment industry request to " interdict ... and to react swiftly with enforcement actions " brings that joke ridiculously close to reality .
What next ?
Of course , these comments are just an entertainment industry wishlist , an exercise in asking for the moon .
But they reveal a great deal about the entertainment industry 's vision of the 21st century : less privacy ( with citizens actively participating in their own surveillance ) , a less - neutral Internet , and federal agents acting as paid muscle to protect profits of summer blockbusters .
It is not clear whether this case marks a move against police brutality
Seven Angola police officers have been sentenced to 24 years in jail each for killing eight men - in a rare case of police brutality being punished .
After being told the men in the Sambizanga township were criminal suspects , the officers told them to lie down and then shot them in the back .
One of those shot managed to identify two of the plain clothes officers before dying of his injuries .
A US government report says police in Angola killed 23 people in 2009 .
They took my son's life .
They should be locked away for life
Woman in court
The weekly newspaper Novo Jornal said it was the first time that Angolan police had ever been convicted of such a serious crime , reports the AFP news agency .
But analysts say it is not clear whether this case marks a new determination from the government to tackle police brutality .
" Although the defendants may have believed that the young men were criminals , their actions are unjustifiable , " said Judge Salomao Filipe .
He said the sentence of 24 years was the maximum he could pass .
Reuters news agency reports that some family members demanded a tougher sentence and refused to leave the court .
" They took my son 's life .
They should be locked away for life , " one woman shouted .
WATCH : ' Reporting Tonight : Thomas Roberts , ' First Out Gay Man To Anchor Network News
The out MSNBC anchor was flawless as he anchored the newscast that made Lester Holt , Brian Williams , Tom Brokaw and others legends at NBC .
NBC News pulled out its Nightly News anchor chair Saturday night for Thomas Roberts , the rugged and dashing MSNBC host who came out when it was still considered career suicide .
With millions watching , Roberts made history , as the first out anchor of an evening newscast on any of the major TV networks .
When contacted by The Advocate , Roberts , 42 , was modest about his place in history , and deferred official comment to NBC brass .
But in a private , on the record conversation with this reporter , who is a personal friend , Roberts confided that it was a “ huge honor . ”
His lead story was the controversial remarks by Donald Trump , insulting the war record of the 2008 Republican presidential nominee , Sen. John McCain of Arizona .
Flawless , with his steely blue - eyes matching a trim - fitted pinstriped suit , Roberts waltzed through the 30 - minute newscast with a firm but casual ease that attests to his experience both behind the anchor desk and as a journalist .
“ He made it look easy , ” one fan commented online .
In 2012 , Sam Champion was the first to come out on a morning network news program , followed by Robin Roberts .
Thomas Roberts ’s usual home , on the cable network MSNBC , boasts Rachel Maddow as its groundbreaking host ; CNN has Anderson Cooper , and The Weather Channel has Champion as both host and managing editor .
In an interview earlier this year , Roberts told The Advocate how he came out to his mother when he was 27 .
He is married and has a huge following on social media , where accolades and well wishes poured - in .
In addition to hosting MSNBC Live With Thomas Roberts , he also anchors OutThere , a weekly broadband program on MSNBC ’s Shift website that focuses on LGBT issues .
Roberts was asked in March if he was being groomed for this chance at the big chair , and he told The Advocate then : “ They have n’t called yet .
It would be historic , and I am willing and able ...
I ’m working in the land of opportunity . ”
It looks like that call finally came , and Roberts certainly gave NBC viewers a reason to watch .
Watch NBC Nightly News with Thomas Roberts reporting below .
Una pareja denuncia la detención ilegal que seis agentes realizaron en Querétaro
QUERÉTARO
Dellonce Miles Pérez González pensó que las seis personas que descendieron de una camioneta y se dirigieron a su vehículo con el rostro cubierto y armas en mano querían secuestrarlo .
Mientras su novia Lanka Ixchel Juárez quedó esposada y bajo vigilancia de uno de los maleantes , él fue encañonado .
Supo que sus captores eran policías , del grupo especial K - 9 , hasta que los llevaron a las instalaciones de la Secretaría de Seguridad Pública Municipal y fueron presentados como narcotraficantes ante los medios de comunicación .
Durante la detención — frente a la entrada del Club Campestre de Querétaro — , ninguno se identificó , no le informaron por qué los arrestaban y tampoco les mostraron una orden de aprehensión .
De ahí los trasladaron a la Policía Municipal y luego a la delegación de la PGR , en donde el Ministerio Público consignó a Dellonce Miles por delitos contra la salud .
Para ejercer esa acción , el ministerial se basó sólo en los testimonios de dos de los seis policías ; no les practicaron examen médico ni les tomaron declaración .
“ Nos destruyeron la vida ; acabaron con nosotros ” , dijo Lanka Ixchel .
Ella recuerda que cuando fueron detenidos , el 26 de agosto de 2009 , las personas encapuchadas llevaban un perro raza pastor alemán , al que subieron en tres ocasiones al automóvil para que detectara alguna droga , pero el animal no dio señales de haber encontrado estupefacientes .
No obstante , narró Lanka , uno de sus captores subió al auto a revisar , después de que el perro había olfateado el interior del vehículo , y encontró , según dijo , dos bolsas con cocaína .
El policía Juan Carlos Loza Zaragoza , con número 19197 y quien presumiblemente localizó la droga en el auto , aceptó en su declaración que no usó guantes para manipular la evidencia ; además , afirmó que para transportar la droga hasta la Secretaría de Seguridad la guardó en una bolsa de plástico que le dieron horas antes , cuando compró una torta .
Dellonce Miles dijo que al momento de su detención , uno de los encapuchados lo encañonó con un arma larga en la sien ; lo tiraron al piso y lo esposaron .
Incluso , uno de los elementos se le paró encima , mientras que a Lanka Ixchel la subían a la camioneta y sobre su regazo dejaron que se sentara el perro .
“ Estaba llorando por lo que me hacían y les decía que quitaran al perro , pero en lugar de eso , me gritaban que me callara porque si no me iba a morder ... cuando retiraron al animal , uno de ellos se sentó encima de mí y entre más me quejaba , más presionaba ” , narró Lanka Ixchel .
Los seis policías involucrados declararon que todo eso era falso ; que ellos realizaron el operativo vestidos de policías , a bordo de la patrulla M - 821 y que se identificaron .
Sin embargo , en las declaraciones — copias que tiene EL UNIVERSAL — hay diversas contradicciones .
Los elementos son Juan Carlos Zaragoza Loza , Sergio Arturo Jiménez Guerrero , Juan Pablo Robles Campos , Gustavo Martínez Guardiola , Gustavo Olvera Jiménez y Carlos Eduardo Espinoza Martínez .
En las declaraciones , Espinoza Martínez , por ejemplo , dijo que muy seguramente habían llevado , ese día , a un perro entrenado para olfatear narcóticos ; pudo haber sido Logan o Dandy .
También aceptó que “ normalmente ” usan pasamontañas cuando actúan , “ sobre todo en un reporte de esta magnitud ; tratándose de drogas sí cubrimos nuestro rostro , por razones de seguridad ” .
De igual manera , unos aseguran que se estacionaron atrás del vehículo ; otro dice que fue al frente y un tercero dijo que a un costado .
Lanka y Dellonce pidieron a la Secretaría de Seguridad que presentara la grabación de la cámara que se encuentra instalada a no más de 100 metros de donde los detuvieron .
La respuesta no les dejó dudas : no había filmación , porque ese día el sistema de vigilancia con que cuenta la ciudad tuvo problemas técnicos .
RIO DE JANEIRO —
The indigenous leaders had a plan .
They would unite for a last , desperate stand against the mammoth dam threatening their lands in the Amazon , vowing to give their lives , if necessary , to prevent it from being built .
“ This will be our last cry for help , ” said the chief of the Arara tribe , José Carlos Arara , after a meeting of leaders from 13 tribes last month .
“ We are not here to kill .
We are here to defend our rights . ”
For a moment this week , it looked as if they had won an unexpected reprieve .
On Wednesday , a federal judge in Para State , where the third largest dam in the world would be built , halted the government ’s April 20 auction to award contracts for its construction , saying the project could cause “ irreparable harm ” to indigenous peoples .
But by Friday , the dam was back on the table .
A judge in the capital , Brasília , overturned the ruling and said the auction would take place as scheduled .
Only the porbeagle shark received protection today from the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) .
Seven other shark species failed to win international protection despite plummeting populations due to overfishing .
Once again , Japan led the opposition to regulating the trade in white - tipped sharks and scalloped hammerheads , including two look - alike species : the great hammerhead and the smooth hammerhead .
Japan has dominated the CITES meeting , successfully leading resistance to banning the trade in the Critically Endangered Atlantic bluefin tuna and against monitoring the coral trade .
“ The devastating result this morning sees hammerheads and oceanic whitetip sharks join the Atlantic bluefin , and red and pink corals , as victims of short - term economic interest winning out over efforts to save species from extinction at this CITES meeting , ” Greenpeace International Oceans Campaigner Oliver Knowles said .
Oceanic whitetip shark loses vote for protection today at CITES .
Photo by : Peter Koelbl .
Sharks are increasingly targeted for shark fin soup , a delicacy in many Asian countries , including Japan .
The trade has decimated some species , for examples the scalloped hammerhead has dropped by 98 percent in some regions while the oceanic whitetip sharks has decline by 90 percent in the central Pacific Ocean and 99 percent in the Gulf of Mexico .
The measures to protect the sharks was put forward by the US , the EU , and the tiny Pacific nation of Palau .
Stuart Beck , Palau ’s Ambassador to the United Nations , said the fight to save sharks is not over : “ We will continue to pursue our efforts to protect sharks from eradication by the decadent and cruel process of shark - finning ” whereby sharks ’ fins are cut off while the animal is still alive , and the sharks is thrown back into the ocean to die .
Beck added , “ I am sure that , properly prepared , bald eagle is delicious .
But , as civilized people , we simply do not eat it . ”
“ The shark fin trade which is responsible for the killing of up to 73 million sharks each year remains largely unregulated , ” said Matt Rand , director of global shark conservation for the Pew Environment Group .
“ Today ’s votes only help porbeagle populations .
Even with scientific data showing that many shark populations are plummeting , international fisheries management bodies and now international conservation forums mostly favor commerce over protection .
Individual nations need to answer the call to protect threatened species if sharks are to remain in our oceans . ”
The only winner today , the porbeagle shark , is caught both for its prized - meat and its large fins .
The species is a cousin to the great white shark .
The spiny dogfish also lost a vote for protection .
This shark has a two year gestation making it incredibly vulnerable to overfishing .
The porbeagle was the only shark to gain protection at CITES .
Photo courtesy of NOAA .
“ Sharks have been on our planet for more than 400 million years , ” Rand said .
“ But if governments do not act , many shark species will not last — even iconic species like the hammerheads .
Most species reproduce late in life , have few young and simply do not have the capacity to recover from commercial overfishing and global trade . ”
Two other shark species — the sandbar shark and the dusky shark — were removed from proposals before reaching the voting stage .
“ Governments at CITES have in the past had a good track record of protecting rare species , but can they rise to the challenge of protecting species which are now seriously depleted , and simultaneously worth a lot of money ?
Sadly , the signs from this meeting are not good .
It ’s clear that more and more governments attending CITES are not trying to protect species , but safeguard what they see as ‘ commodities ’ that they can continue trading , ” concluded Knowles , adding that “ proposal after proposal designed to protect massively overfished marine species have failed to pass at CITES .
It ’s an appalling result , the impacts of which will effect our marine environment for generations to come . ”
While CITES has largely failed the world ’s marine species , the international body voted yesterday to against allowing sales of ivory from Tanzania and Zambia , fearing that it would worsen the current poaching crisis against the world ’s elephants .
Marine biologist , Jennifer Jacquet , recently said in her blog , Guilty Planet that CITES failure to protect marine life was “ another failure to see fish as wildlife . ”
UPDATE : On the last day of the CITES meeting the probeagle shark lost its recently - gained protection .
Pushed by Asian countries , a re-vote overturned the previous votes on the porbeagle shark .
Not a single marine species gained protection from the meeting .
Related articles
Sharks lose out at UN meeting
( 03/17/2010 )
An effort to bolster conservation measures for plummeting shark populations was defeated yesterday at the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) , according to the AP .
The nonbinding measure would have increased transparency in the shark trade and produced research on illegal fishing for sharks .
Sharks swim safe around the Maldives
( 03/11/2010 ) Sharks that dwell in the Maldives can breathe a sigh of relief : the island nation has declared 90,000 square kilometers of the Indian Ocean a safe - haven for sharks , banning shark fishing as well as any trade in shark fins .
UN to protect seven migratory sharks , but Australia opts out
( 02/17/2010 )
One hundred and thirteen countries have signed on to an agreement to protect seven migratory sharks currently threatened with extinction byway of the Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals ( CMS ) , according to the UN Environment Program ( UNEP ) .
The agreement prohibits hunting , fishing , or deliberate killing of the great white shark , basking shark , whale shark , porbeagle shark , spiny dogfish , as well as the shortfin and longfin mako sharks .
However , Australia has declared it will ignore certain protections .
Actions taken to save sharks ‘ disappointing ’
( 11/15/2009 ) Environmentalists say that the International Commissions for the Conservation of Atlantic Tuna ( ICCAT ) did not do enough in their yearly meeting to protect the ocean ’s sharks .
Over 30 percent of open ocean sharks and rays face extinction
( 06/25/2009 )
The first global study of open ocean ( pelagic ) sharks and rays found that 32 percent of the species are threatened with extinction largely due to overfishing and bycatch , making pelagic sharks and rays more threatened than birds ( 12 percent ) , mammals ( 20 percent ) , and even amphibians ( 31 percent ) , which are considered to be undergoing an extinction crisis .
The situation worsens when only sharks taken in high - seas fisheries are considered : 52 percent of these species are threatened .
This page has been archived .
It might not look like it used to .
See its history in the Wayback Machine .
Texas Census Participation
This interactive map shows response rates to the U.S. Census Bureau questionnaire .
Mouse over a county to view the percentage of households that mailed in forms before the April 15 deadline .
Darker shades represent higher participation rates .
Texas ' mail participation rate was 69 percent .
The national rate is 72 percent .
Source : U.S. Census Bureau | Developed by Matt Stiles | Download .csv | Updated 4/28/10
" A lot of big companies think that entrepreneurs want to just keep doing their thing and be left alone — that 's not necessarily the case , " Lore said .
From January 2012 , all cigarettes will be sold in plain packages .
No logos , no shiny finishes , no bright colours , no pretty pictures .
Instead of reassuring and persuasive brand imagery , graphic health warnings will dominate the pack .
The tobacco industry has long acknowledged the huge importance that packaging has within the marketing mix .
In 1995 , a tobacco industry executive summed it up perfectly , " . . . if you smoke , a cigarette pack is one of the few things you use regularly that makes a statement about you .
A cigarette pack is the only thing you take out of your pocket 20 times a day and lay out for everyone to see .
That 's a lot different than buying your soap powder in generic packaging . "
Plain packaging is nothing short of a triumph for health promotion and chronic disease prevention .
In studies with young people , plain packs were perceived as dull and boring , cheap - looking and reduced the flair and appeal associated with smoking .
Conversely , the industry has invested heavily in researching and designing packages that serve to increase the appeal of smoking .
In the industry 's own words , packs aimed at younger women should be " slick , sleek , flashy , glittery , shiny , silky , and bold " .
A brown box featuring a diseased lung can hardly be seen as fitting this glamorous description .
An example of what the new plain cigarette packets will look like .
Investment firm Citigroup has already issued a response on Australia 's move to implement plain packaging , viewing it as the " biggest regulatory threat to the industry , as packaging is the most important way tobacco companies have to communicate with the consumer and differentiate their products " .
This is a ringing endorsement that plain packaging is a public health winner .
The tobacco industry and their think - tank allies will argue that plain packaging is in violation of intellectual property rights and an unfair acquisition of valuable trademarks .
While it is true that plain packaging legislation would regulate the use of tobacco trademarks , the federal government would not be acquiring the exclusive use of these trademarks or banning tobacco companies from using these trademarks in other communications .
So you all should know that it 's possible ( nay , ENCOURAGED ) to buy prints of our comics .
They are 16 " wide and printed in the sexiest possible way , all matte and gorgeous .
Also if you 're so inclined , you can be our ' fan ' on facebook , so as to find out about all the fun shit we do , AS IT HAPPENS .
The city had retreated indoors .
In the lonesome alleyway , I stumbled around in the snow and ice , battered by the wind .
It was a red night .
The sky was black and the lamps overhead shone a dark crimson light – a warning sign , perhaps .
Stay off the streets .
The red - tinted lamps gave the snow and ice that covered the ground and building sides a bloody , criminal appearance .
In the sinister half - light of the red lamps , the door I emerged from was barely visible , nothing more than a rough shape cut into the wall .
Fearful of perishing on the frozen red landscape , I panicked and jammed my fingers into the outline of the door , straining , pulling , and trying to find a way back in , until my fingertips tore and bled .
No re-entry .
As the wind howled past , I pushed my back into a shallow alcove and let out a huge breath .
In the red light , it looked like a cloud of blood vapor .
The wind blew the cloud down the alleyway .
My face and hands were already numb from exposure , my fingers felt like blunt icicles .
I began to shake uncontrollably .
My cold , leaden hands could barely work the collar and the fasteners to the jacket , as I tried to pull it tight around my shivering frame .
My thumb found the cuff of my jacket and the embedded thermologic controls that activated the heating elements .
I pressed the activator until the coat came alive .
I pulled the hood over my head and jammed my hands into the coat pockets .
Warmth .
For the time , I would survive .
In these elements , however , continued exposure meant death .
For the first time , I was able to look up and around at the city that had consumed me .
I scanned the dark red landscape and architecture .
Bellingshausen .
The city stood tallest at the center and cascaded downward as the buildings spread out into regions of concentric circles to the furthest border .
I saw all manner of concrete and stone , wood , glass , metal , and strange composite materials .
The buildings were laid out with unexpected twists and turns .
There were sharp angles and rounded corners .
This was an ill - planned collision of architectural styles and forms and materials .
No sane planning , designing , and construction process would have given rise to this architectural madness .
From my location the tall towers at the center looked like a soaring ice sculpture , with shooting spires and jagged edges that towered impossibly into the sky and loomed ominously over the lower regions .
Around the central towers were organic glass and metal shapes that appeared to bubble up from the ground .
In the outer regions , no two buildings were alike .
The entire city was an abnormality , strange but beautiful .
I tried to imagine myself living in this place , under the greenish - gray thumb of the LMOs .
Unacceptable .
This was Antarctica , no place to be .
If the LMOs wanted it , they could have it .
But before I left this place , I had a small score to settle with one LMO in particular .
In the distance , a faint thrumming noise came from above the howling wind .
I peeked out of the alcove and looked up .
The sky was anguished .
White torrents and leaden streaks blew rapidly above the sanguine confines of the red lamps .
I drew a slow breath and pulled the heated coat tighter around me .
The noise grew louder .
As it neared , it became a distinctly mechanical , pulsing sound .
I squinted against the wind - swept snow and ice particles and saw six electric - blue spots descending from the sky .
They crackled with power .
I drew back .
From the size and formation , they could only be part of an anti-grav vehicle , skimming the rooftops of the city .
A patrol vehicle .
The pulsing and crackling noise erupted into a high , whining blast from above , as a small transport craft dropped into a slow course over the tops of the buildings above me .
I made myself small , pushing deep into the alcove .
I watched as the craft came to a hovering position over the alleyway fifty or sixty meters away , kicking up a whirling flurry of snow and ice on the ground below .
A powerful beam of light erupted from the bottom of the vehicle and prowled across the ground , searching .
My heart thumped .
A nervous churn started in my guts .
I heard a confusion of voices and shouting .
The craft continued to hover and the beam of light centered on the ground directly below .
A series of quick mechanical barks sounded .
An alarm .
From the bottom of the craft , a line with three figures descended to the street level .
Two of the figures were big , human shaped – LMO sentries .
They carried rifles .
The third figure was four - legged , an animal – large , muscular , and dark .
Fear seized me .
Only sixty meters away were two large LMOs and one hunting animal .
I buried my mouth in the coat collar and fought to control my breathing , for fear that the cloudy vapor would give away my position .
In this lonely stretch of the city , at this time of night , the only person of interest was me .
I watched them , sizing them up , listening .
The two LMOs stood in the light .
I could see that they wore much the same tight - fitting tactical gear as the LMO squad that pulled me from the ship .
They also wore headgear .
In this environment , they probably had enhanced communications , audio and vision .
They stood for a time , holding on to the line from the ship for support against wind .
They appeared to be speaking , coordinating movements .
They pointed up and down the alleyway .
I shuddered with anxiety .
I could not fight all three without a weapon .
Overhead , mechanical barks sounded again and the light beam from the craft flickered out .
The hovering vehicle cycled up the propulsion engines with a whine and streaked off into the dark sky .
One of the LMOs let the animal loose .
The creature made a series of throaty , guttural cackling noises followed by a high - pitched scream and began dashing from one side of the alleyway to the other , oblivious to the punishing blizzard around it .
It made my skin crawl .
One LMO took off after the beast , tracking its movements , walking away from my location .
The other lone LMO raised a rifle to its shoulder and began scanning the alleyway with long sweeps as it advanced down the alley toward my hiding spot in the alcove .
The hunt was on .
I pushed into the alcove as tightly as I could manage and turned off the heating elements in the jacket .
I pulled back the hood and unfastened the front , allowing the cold air to rush in and envelop my body .
I fought the urge to shiver .
If the hunter came for me , I wanted to be cold , dark , and invisible until the last moment .
The LMO swept the alleyway cautiously and I marked his pattern .
The sweep he was using would bring him within a few meters of the shallow alcove .
When he saw the darkened space , he would have to treat the recessed area as a potential threat .
I slid to the ground .
Just inside the shadows , I made myself into a tight ball and waited .
If trained well , the LMO would approach the side of the alcove “ rifle first ” and sweep from the far end to just over my head .
From that vantage point , I would be quick and lethal .
I heard the footsteps .
I heard his breathing .
The sound grew both nearer and softer .
The LMO was cautious .
I took a long quiet breath .
The barrel of the rifle appeared and I flew into action .
From my crouched position , I sprung out , left hand pushing the rifle barrel up and away .
The rifle came loose and tumbled through the air .
The LMO instinctively looked up , showing me his throat .
Mistake .
With fingers curled under , I twisted my upper body forward and delivered a brutal knuckle strike to the front of the throat , crushing the windpipe .
The LMO bent forward , and let out a sharp gurgle .
Without hesitation , I stepped in and slid my hand underneath his jaw up to the crook of my arm .
I locked my arm into a tight hold with my free hand , jerked savagely upward and fell backwards into the alcove .
The weight of the LMO ’s body snapped its neck as we hit the ground .
The LMO shuddered once and a breath escaped its mouth with a low wheeze .
I held on tightly , squeezing as firmly as I could .
The body stopped moving , beating , breathing .
It was done .
Dead .
I released my grip , pushed the body to the side of the alcove , and got to my feet .
My heart pounded and I took a few deep breaths .
Cold as I was , I could feel the perspiration beading up under my clothes .
The LMO ’s head rested at an unnatural angle to the shoulders .
Disgusted , I spat at it .
After a moment to breathe and gather my wits , I pulled the LMO ’s body to rest tightly against the back wall of the alcove .
The remaining hunting party would return soon .
Dressed as they were , this could be no prolonged sweep and the patrol transport craft would also be back for a coordinated pick - up .
I had to leave this area .
I ran into the alley and seized the fallen rifle .
I had never seen one like it .
It was a short - range energy or pulse rifle of some sort .
I slung the weapon over my shoulder and went back to the alcove .
The dead LMO carried communications , enhanced vision technology , and a set of earbuds .
I pulled everything of tactical value off the creature .
I stripped it of the blade it carried as well .
In the distance , I heard the beast returning .
The guttural cackling noises followed by the high - pitched scream gave me a prickly sensation up and down my spine .
My fear began to swell again .
The body would be discovered .
I could n’t outrun the animal .
I scanned the dark alleyway for anything , anywhere .
In the distance , up the alley from the advancing hunting animal , was a flickering light that caught my eye .
It was a dim bulb , pale green , pulsing softly in the dark .
It was maybe twenty or thirty meters away .
It was n’t there before .
As I stared at the green light in the distance , I heard more noise from the beast .
Closer .
I took my chance , moving swiftly across the alleyway to the far wall .
The wind gusted suddenly , tearing through the alley .
The last fifteen meters were a struggle against the blowing wind and shards of ice .
As I moved toward the flickering light , the wind changed directions and I was blasted into a rolling , tumbling scramble , almost overshooting the target .
I slammed against a short barrier in front of the entryway .
My ribs took a beating but the hot pain felt oddly comforting .
I grabbed the top of the barrier and flipped over .
I could now hear the animal and the shouts of the LMO behind it .
They were too close .
I looked up and saw that the green bulb was part of an access panel outside a small rounded doorway .
The pale green light shone steady .
Unlocked .
Getting to my knees , I pressed myself against the wall and put my hand out to the pale green light .
It was round and warm .
I pushed the bulb into the face of the panel and a door in the wall slid open with a long grinding sound .
Beyond , there was nothing but darkness .
I crawled through and the door shut automatically behind me .
A light on the interior access panel turned from dim green to red .
Locked .
Was I safe ?
Or was I trapped ?
I got to my feet and put my ear to the door .
The walls were thick .
I could n’t even hear the howling of the wind .
If the hunting party moved past the doorway , I heard nothing .
If the discovery of the body elicited shouts or gunfire , I still heard nothing .
My eyes adjusted to the darkness illuminated only by the dim red light from the access panel .
I could see that the room was a maintenance facility .
Pipes and ducts and wiring emerged from dozens of areas across the ceiling and walls .
There were numerous terminals and panels and instruments .
All were dark .
The air smelled of dust and electricity .
A low hum came from seemingly everywhere .
The unlocked room was a mystery … but it was warm and dry and seemingly safe .
I flexed my fingers and felt sensation return as sharp tingling .
I felt my way across the room to a far wall , put my back against a warm pipe , and slid to the floor .
Physically and mentally exhausted , I wanted to keep my eyes open and focused on the door and any further danger that might appear .
I shook my head and blinked several times .
To stay alert , I played through the new knowledge I had gained since landing at Bellingshausen .
A world gone strange .
People enslaved .
Spegg in charge .
Anger swelled .
Frustration .
Unbelievable .
I had been told that Bellingshausen was the last habitable place on Earth .
My home , Japan , and all that I knew … was gone .
Here , the crawlers chasing us through the underground were biologically - engineered horrors .
The city above was a hostile environment , patrolled by armed LMOs and hunting animals .
The people here , perhaps the last of the humans , groveled and cowered under the vile machinations of Spegg and all his filthy transgenic conspirators .
Spegg – that deranged creature – helped devise and construct this horrible place .
The madness that covers the plains , fills the city , and crawls deep below is all part of his disturbed mind .
But Spegg , crafty and crazy as he may be , had help with all this .
I looked at the dead LMO ’s blade and turned it over in my hands .
Dark , dense carbon … fantastically sharp .
Perfect .
Whoever the Director and Wayne Robertson were … they too shared in the blame .
Along with Spegg , they too would soon be called to a harsh reckoning .
This , I decided , was to be true .
Soon , the exhaustion overwhelmed the anger and I slept … the dark blade gripped tightly in my hand .
[ Communication Relay : 10 APR2086 Alexander Island , Antarctica ]
At this bicycle - friendly hotel by Philip Modest Schambelan and Anton Fromm , all inclines are limited to 12° to accommodate weary velophiles .
This hotel ( where you can wheel your bike into every room ) is a snapshot of tomorrow 's tourist industry .
Schambelan and Fromm 's hotel - which overlooks Italy 's Lake Garda - may only exist on paper , but these renderings make us look forward to the utopian velocracy , where millions of gerbil wheels satisfy our energy needs and every teenager receives Leonardo da Vinci 's flying machine on his or her sixteenth birthday .
Advertisement
[ via Designboom ]
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
A federal judge has ruled that Johnny Kimble , a longtime supervisor in the state ’s Equal Rights Division , was subject to discriminatory behavior at the hands of the division ’s former administrator , J. Sheehan Donoghue .
Credit : Rick Wood
By of the
Johnny Kimble spent a career helping others address employment discrimination as a staffer and supervisor at the state 's Equal Rights Division in Milwaukee .
But it did n't save him from becoming a victim of illegal race and gender bias within that very agency , a federal judge has found .
" I guess it 's ironic ; I 'd been protecting rights of other people and could n't protect my own , " Kimble said .
Late last month , a federal judge in Milwaukee ruled that Kimble , who is African - American , had been improperly denied years of raises because of his race and gender .
The judge found the state Department of Workforce Development and the former administrator of the Equal Rights Division , J. Sheehan Donoghue , guilty of discrimination .
" I feel vindicated , " said Kimble , 61 , who retired in 2005 after 33 years of service .
Now he awaits either a settlement , or further litigation , regarding the level of back pay and damages he is due .
Bill Cosh , a spokesman for the state Department of Justice , said attorneys for the state are " considering whether an appeal is appropriate . "
U.S. District Judge Lynn Adelman heard the case in July .
On Feb. 25 , he released a 22 - page ruling that found Donoghue essentially ignored Kimble for the 12 years she served as administrator ; though he was a member of her management team , she never met with him one - on - one , not even to award the single $ 300 bonus he received during that time .
On some occasions , however , she blamed him for problems that were actually associated with the Madison office .
Kimble was section chief in Milwaukee for 29 years .
Meanwhile , Donoghue gave Kimble 's peers base pay raises , and upped her executive assistant 's pay to nearly what Kimble earned for supervising the Milwaukee office of the Equal Rights Division , which included about 18 investigators and support staff .
She gave out the raises without consulting the workers ' evaluations or direct supervisors .
Appointed in 1991
Donoghue , 66 , of Sayner in Vilas County , was a member of the state Assembly when Gov. Tommy Thompson appointed her to the Workforce Development post in 1991 .
She left the agency in 2003 .
She did not return a call Monday .
Her explanation that Kimble did n't do his job well enough to merit a raise was unconvincing , Adelman found .
" Donoghue was not a credible witness , " the judge wrote .
" In almost every major area of her testimony , she contradicted herself and / or was contradicted by other witnesses .
In addition , she was frequently evasive and sometimes defensive .
And , the other evidence in the record does not support her testimony . "
Adelman cites several law review articles in explaining how some bosses with very subjective employee evaluation can fall into making judgments based on stereotypes , " of which they may or may not be entirely aware , " including those concerning black males .
He concludes that here , Donoghue " seemed to regard plaintiff as if he were ' veiled with images of incompetency . ' "
Testimony showed that if the Milwaukee office was successful , Donoghue credited the team .
If it was Madison , she credited the section chief .
When Kimble said they needed technical support , it was dismissed .
When a white peer made the observation , Donoghue promised help .
Kimble 's suggestion of a newsletter was ignored until someone else repeated it .
Then Donoghue called it a good idea .
Told of raise
Kimble had already had his exit interview in 2005 when he went to have lunch in Madison with longtime colleague Bob Anderson , who held the position between Kimble and Donoghue .
Anderson remarked that he was surprised that another agency worker , who Anderson felt did n't do as good a job as Kimble , had recently gotten a raise .
That got Kimble doing some more research about pay and led to his lawsuit .
" I think he just wanted me to know , maybe even just subconsciously , so he spoke up , " Kimble said .
His attorney , Arthur Heitzer , noted that the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission declined to find probable cause when it first investigated Kimble 's complaint .
The decision was made by an EEOC employee from Indiana , Heitzer said , because the EEOC in Milwaukee has a work - sharing agreement with the state Equal Rights Division .
Heitzer also pointed out that none of the findings impugned the work of the front - line staff at the Equal Rights Division , but were focused squarely on Donoghue , a political appointee .
Now , Kimble lives on his state pension , he said , " though it 's substantially less than it should have been . "
He estimates that , just based on the raises they know about now , without full research into payroll records , his current pension of about $ 25,000 a year would have been about $ 7,000 a year more now .
He remains surprised the case took so long , and that the state went to trial .
" I just hope it sends a warning out to people , and cautions them about their behavior , " Kimble said .
A Canadian woman being held against her will in Saudi Arabia says the Canadian government is not taking her plight seriously .
Nazia Quazi was taken to Saudi Arabia by her father in November 2007 .
Because of that country ’s archaic gender laws , women of any age are subject to male “ guardianship . ”
In the 24 - year - old Quazi ’s case , her father has taken her passport , and refuses to sign an exit visa allowing her to leave the country .
“ In this country , it ’s all about the father , ” she says over the phone from Riyadh , Saudi Arabia .
“ Whatever he does , he does n’t need his daughter ’s permission ; she does n’t have to be there when he does certain things .
My father used all the laws to his advantage .
And so , I ’m here --- I ca n’t move , I ca n’t travel , I ca n’t open a bank account , I ca n’t go to hospital .
I ’m really not in a position to do anything .
I do n’t have my freedom , I ca n’t do anything , which basically sucks .
It ’s really frustrating , because it ’s been over two years and no one ’s taking me seriously , that ’s the thing . ”
Quazi , who holds a degree in computer science from the University of Ottawa , wants to return to Canada , complete a master ’s degree and resume a normal Canadian life .
“ I ’ll never leave Canada after I come back , ” she says .
Canadian government slow to act
Quazi says that throughout her life she has been beaten and abused , and that her father has put a knife to her throat .
Her family moved to Canada in 2001 , although Quazi says her father has maintained a residence in Saudi Arabia , where he works for a bank , for 25 years .
Quazi went to high school in Canada and became a citizen in 2005 .
In 2007 she traveled on holiday to Dubai to visit her boyfriend .
But when her parents learned of the trip , they flew to Dubai to intervene .
Her father took her to India , and then to Saudi Arabia on a three - month visa .
But , without her knowledge or consent , Quazi ’s father changed the visa to a permanent visa .
Ever since , she says , she has been pleading with the Canadian embassy to intervene , but has gotten next to no response .
“ When I try to contact them , I do n’t get a positive response of any kind .
They always say , ‘ we ’re still trying , we have n’t heard anything yet , but when we do we will let you know . ’
There ’s never a real straight - up answer to me , to my face .
I ’m just waiting for them to do something , waiting for something to happen .
“ I have to call them , or I have to email them , to get any sort of response , ” she continues .
“ There ’s never an initiative from them .
It always has to be me .
It ’s frustrating .
I feel like they do n’t think my situation is serious enough for them , and they could just keep delaying it , and delaying it and I could wait and wait and wait . ”
In the meanwhile , Quazi says she has health problems and is suffering from stress .
Citing privacy law , a spokesperson with the ministry of foreign affairs declined to comment specifically on Quazi ’s case , but said the Canadian consulate in Saudi Arabia is aware of a Canadian citizen ’s request for help and is “ taking steps ” to provide that help .
But a two - year - plus wait for resolution to Quazi ’s case has raised accusations that the Harper government is not supportive of women generally .
“ How far have women come if a democratic , secular country like Canada permits a father to imprison his adult daughter in the cage of Saudi laws ? ” writes journalist Katha Pollitt , who has been the most vocal media supporter for Quazi , in The Nation .
Conservative indifference
“ I do n’t know , ” says Quazi , when asked if her situation reflects Conservative Party attitudes toward women .
But she does understand that small - c conservatives talking on Canadian talk radio shows she listens to over the internet do not support her quest for freedom .
“ I really do feel that a lot of conservatives , sometimes they blame me for my own situation , saying ‘ you moved to Saudi Arabia , you did n’t have to go there in the first place , ’ ” she says .
“ Or , ‘ You should ’ve known better --- you know your dad more than anybody else , so why would you take the risk of doing this to yourself ? ’
“ When conservative people talk like this , it really hurts me .
Because you ’re not in my position , you have never gone through something like this , so how can you make a statement , or judge me based on things like that ?
You do n’t even know ; you can not put yourself in my situation and think about it , so you have no right to judge me .
“ So I really feel very hurt , but you know , I do n’t really care at this point , because I have a lot of other issues to deal with .
I do n’t really care what people think , what people do n’t think about me --- my situation is serious , and I know for a fact that Canadians are taking it seriously now .
But how serious , and how fast , and how slow --- that just depends on them .
I ca n’t do anything more . ”
Using her sexuality against her
Quazi ’s father ’s has attempted to control not just his daughter ’s country of residence , but also her sexuality .
He took her to Saudi Arabia in the first place because he did not approve of her boyfriend .
“ He ’s very much still in the picture , ” says Quazi , when asked of the boyfriend .
“ He ’s the only one who ’s been supporting me from Day One .
I really have to thank him for that .
I know a lot of people would leave me halfway through , you know , this is your life , whatever … but he ’s stood by me . ”
Last summer , Quazi ’s father arranged a marriage for her , to someone she had never met .
Rather than marry , Quazi fled her father ’s house .
A family friend has been attempting to broker a reconciliation , and has provided her a job at a clinic ; she works as an IT specialist and is rooming in accommodations the clinic provides for foreign nurses .
Quazi has access to the internet and a cell phone , but otherwise is captive in a society that has no social space for her .
“ It ’s work - home - work - home , like this , ” she says .
She has no credit cards , she cannot drive or travel without a male escort , she enjoys none of the freedoms taken for granted in Canada .
Recently , the family friend has arranged two face - to - face meetings between Quazi and her father .
He has offered to allow her to leave the country , under one condition : she first marry her boyfriend , in Saudi Arabia .
Quazi , however , finds that condition unacceptable .
First , her boyfriend and his family fear travelling to Saudi Arabia , and there ’s no guarantee her father will live up to the bargain .
But more to the point , Quazi does n’t want to get married .
“ Marriage is not supposed to be the answer for me to get out of this country , ” she says .
“ I do n’t want to get married right now .
I ’m not ready for it --- I ’m only 24 years old .
There ’s lots of time , I have my life ahead of me , I still want my master ’s degree , I still have a lot of things I want to do , which I wo n’t be able to do after I get married . ”
Navigating between two worlds
“ My father and my mother , they ’re both conservative , ” explains Quazi .
“ They ’re not open - minded people at all .
For them , me falling in love is the biggest sin in the world .
They think , ‘ how could you ?
How dare you ? ’
They tell me that ‘ we know the world better than you , and we are the ones who are going to decide who you ’re going to live with , how you ’re going to live your life . ’
“ But the new generation does not think like that , ” she continues .
“ I ’m from the new generation and I ’ve explained to them ever since I was a little kid that I will be the one to decide my life .
You will support me for that --- you will not tell me you have to do this , your have to do that .
So it has come down to this , and they do n’t like what I have done , so they ’re causing so many problems for me , and they think I ’m going to back down and fall into their steps .
What they told me before was really frustrating --- they always kept torturing me , they always kept threatening me ---‘ no matter what , you are never going to go back to Canada .
You do n’t deserve it .
You disobeyed us , you did this to us , you did that to us , you ’re the baddest daughter in the whole world . ’
It really disheartens you , but I did n’t commit any crime .
Why do I have to go through this ?
“ It ’s just love , you know ?
My parents never had that in their life , which I understand .
But it ’s the new generation ; it ’s 2010 , for God ’s sake .
They do n’t understand it , but I would just feel there is something missing in my life .
I would n’t be happy . ”
To help Nazi Quazi regain her freedom , contact the ministry of foreign affairs and Saudi officials at the email addresses listed here , and join the “ Help " NAZIA QUAZI " Come back to Canada ! ” Facebook page .
A cosy circle of American regulators and Wall Street executives operated a " too clubby to fail " policy of protecting huge investment banks at the expense of high street players , according to a bitter attack on the US government 's conduct by the former boss of the ill - fated savings bank Washington Mutual .
Seattle - based Washington Mutual , widely known as WaMu , was seized by regulators at the height of the financial meltdown in September 2008 , becoming America 's biggest commercial banking failure on record .
But its former chief executive , Kerry Killinger , claimed to Congress that its closure was an unjustified act by a self - serving elite .
In aggressively worded testimony to a committee of lawmakers , Killinger insisted that WaMu , which had assets of $ 307bn ( £ 199bn ) , could have survived independently if it had been given the same treatment as top Wall Street banking names .
The bank had 2,200 branches , employed 43,000 people and was bought for a pittance by JP Morgan .
Killinger said WaMu was left off a " do not short " list that protected Wall Street banks from investors seeking to bet on failure , and was shut down shortly before new rules came into play providing cheap liquidity from the Federal Reserve and extended guarantees of customers ' accounts .
" The company was similarly excluded from hundreds of meetings and telephone calls between Wall Street executives and policymakers that ultimately determined the winners and losers in this financial crisis , " said Killinger .
" For those that were part of the inner circle and were ' too clubby to fail ' , the benefits were obvious .
For those outside the club , the penalty was severe . "
Killinger left WaMu a few weeks before the bank 's seizure , which happened ten days after the global financial system was shaken by Lehman Brothers ' bankruptcy .
He maintains that at the time of his departure , deposits were stable – although after Lehman 's demise , customers began withdrawing money at a rate of more than $ 1bn a day .
" In my view , the actions taken by policymakers reflect a vision of a banking industry dominated by large Wall Street banks , " said Killinger , in remarks likely to chime with critics who have suggested that the Bush administration 's treasury secretary Henry Paulson 's actions were coloured by his career as a former head of Goldman Sachs .
The account of the WaMu boss was given short shrift by Carl Levin , the Democratic chairman of the senate subcommittee on investigations , who released evidence detailing years of reckless lending by the bank 's sub - prime mortgage business .
A memo from one WaMu audit team found that 62 % of loans written by a California mortgage office contained suspected fraud .
Levin pointed out that Killinger left with a $ 25 m payoff for " overseeing shoddy lending practices that pumped billions of dollars of bad mortgages into the financial system " .
You saw last week ’s Glee promotional poster , posted here by s. e. smith .
In that poster , Sue the cheerleading coach sprays spray paint across the Glee club – hitting most of the singers in the chest or abdomen , but spraying Artie , who uses a wheelchair , across the eyes .
Here ’s the latest :
Look at those singers !
They ’re so happy !
They ’re jumping for joy !
They ’re smiling !
Life is good !
Well , except for Puck , who chooses to stand with his arms crossed , looking cool .
That ’s his version of happy .
And , oh , except for Artie .
Who ca n’t jump , because , LOL , he ’s totally confined to a wheelchair , y’see .
So he ’s falling out of his chair .
Looking terrified .
What fun !
Worst of all ?
Fox loved this branding so much – they made three versions .
From beetles to barnacles , pikas to pine warblers , many species are already on the move in response to shifting climate regimes .
But how fast will they -- and their habitats -- have to move to keep pace with global climate change over the next century ?
In a new study , a team of scientists including Dr. Healy Hamilton from the California Academy of Sciences have calculated that on average , ecosystems will need to shift about 0.42 kilometers per year ( about a quarter mile per year ) to keep pace with changing temperatures across the globe .
Mountainous habitats will be able to move more slowly , since a modest move up or down slope can result in a large change in temperature .
However , flatter ecosystems , such as flooded grasslands , mangroves , and deserts , will need to move much more rapidly to stay in their comfort zone -- sometimes more than a kilometer per year .
The team , which also included scientists from the Carnegie Institute of Science , Climate Central , and U.C. Berkeley , will publish their results in the December 24 issue of Nature .
" One of the most powerful aspects of this data is that it allows us to evaluate how our current protected area network will perform as we attempt to conserve biodiversity in the face of global climate change , " says Healy Hamilton , Director of the Center for Applied Biodiversity Informatics at the California Academy of Sciences .
" When we look at residence times for protected areas , which we define as the amount of time it will take current climate conditions to move across and out of a given protected area , only 8 % of our current protected areas have residence times of more than 100 years .
If we want to improve these numbers , we need to both reduce our carbon emissions and work quickly toward expanding and connecting our global network of protected areas . "
The team calculated the velocity of global climate change by combining data on current climate and temperature regimes worldwide with a large suite of climate model projections for the next century .
Their calculations are based on an " intermediate " level of projected greenhouse gas emissions over the next century ( the A1B emissions scenario from The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ) .
Under these emissions levels , the velocity of climate change is projected to be the slowest in tropical and subtropical coniferous forests ( 0.08 kilometers per year ) , temperate coniferous forests ( 0.11 kilometers per year ) , and montane grasslands and shrublands ( 0.11 kilometers per year ) .
The velocity of climate change is expected to be the fastest in flatter areas , including deserts and xeric shrublands ( 0.71 kilometers per year ) , mangroves ( 0.95 kilometers per year ) , and flooded grasslands and savannas ( 1.26 kilometers per year ) .
The vulnerability of these respective biomes depends not only on the average velocity of climate change they will experience , but also on the sizes of the protected areas in which they are found .
For instance , while the velocity of climate change is expected to be high in deserts , this threat is mediated by the fact that protected areas for deserts tend to be larger .
On the other hand , the small size and fragmented nature of most protected areas in Mediterranean temperate broadleaf and boreal forest biomes make these habitats particularly vulnerable .
What does this mean for beetles , barnacles , and other groups of species ?
The researchers note that their index estimates the velocities and residence times of climates , not species .
Individual species that have a wide tolerance for a range of temperatures may be able to adapt in place as the climate around them shifts .
However , for species that can only tolerate a narrow band of temperatures , the velocity estimates in the study are a close approximation for the migration speeds needed to potentially avoid extinction .
Nearly a third of the habitats in the study have velocities higher than even the most optimistic plant migration estimates , suggesting that plants in many areas will not be able to keep up with the shifting climate .
Even more problematic is the fact that natural habitats have been extensively fragmented by human development , which will leave many species with " nowhere to go , " regardless of their migration rates .
The team 's results not only underscore the importance of lowering greenhouse gas emissions -- they also provide data for conservation managers who must now plan for the impact of global climate change .
The research was funded by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation and the Stanford University Global Climate and Energy Project .
Everyone has a theory about the financial crisis .
These theories range from the absurd to the plausible  from claims that liberal Democrats somehow forced banks to lend to the undeserving poor ( even though Republicans controlled Congress ) to the belief that exotic financial instruments fostered confusion and fraud .
But what do we really know ?
Well , in a way the sheer scale of the crisis  the way it affected much , though not all , of the world  is helpful , for research if nothing else .
We can look at countries that avoided the worst , like Canada , and ask what they did right  such as limiting leverage , protecting consumers and , above all , avoiding getting caught up in an ideology that denies any need for regulation .
We can also look at countries whose financial institutions and policies seemed very different from those in the United States , yet which cracked up just as badly , and try to discern common causes .
So let ’s talk about Ireland .
As a new research paper by the Irish economists Gregory Connor , Thomas Flavin and Brian O’Kelly points out , “ Almost all the apparent causal factors of the U.S. crisis are missing in the Irish case , ” and vice versa .
Yet the shape of Ireland ’s crisis was very similar : a huge real estate bubble  prices rose more in Dublin than in Los Angeles or Miami  followed by a severe banking bust that was contained only via an expensive bailout .
Ireland had none of the American right ’s favorite villains : there was no Community Reinvestment Act , no Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac .
More surprising , perhaps , was the unimportance of exotic finance : Ireland ’s bust was n’t a tale of collateralized debt obligations and credit default swaps ; it was an old - fashioned , plain - vanilla case of excess , in which banks made big loans to questionable borrowers , and taxpayers ended up holding the bag .
A former East Bay priest with a long record of sexually abusing children remained in the clergy for years while then - Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , now Pope Benedict XVI , bucked pleas from the Oakland Diocese to defrock him in the 1980s , according to an Associated Press report citing church documents .
A 1985 letter signed by Ratzinger delayed a decision on the Rev. Stephen Kiesle , citing concerns for “ the good of the Universal Church . ”
The correspondence , obtained by the AP , is the strongest challenge yet to the Vatican ’s insistence that Pope Benedict played no role in blocking the removal of pedophile priests during his years as head of the Catholic Church ’s doctrinal watchdog .
The news comes as the Vatican said Friday that Pope Benedict XVI would meet with more abuse victims and that transparency in dealing with abuse allegations is an “ urgent requirement ” for the church — a sharp turnabout in Rome ’s previously defensive response .
On Monday , it also will post on its Web site a guide for the layman on how the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith handles sex abuse allegations .
In the letter , Ratzinger directed Oakland Bishop John Cummins to provide Kiesle “ as much paternal care as possible ” while awaiting the Vatican ruling , according to a translation of the letter from Latin .
That was a way of saying the bishop was responsible for ensuring Kiesle did n’t reoffend , Vatican attorney Jeffrey Lena said .
Lena said there were no known cases of abuse by Kiesle between 1981 , when the diocese first recommended he be defrocked , or laicized , and 1987 , when Kiesle was removed from the priesthood .
The letter came five years after Kiesle himself requested removal from the priesthood , and the diocese recommended it to the Vatican , following Kiesle ’s no -contest plea in 1978 on a misdemeanor charge for tying up and molesting two preteen boys in the rectory of Our Lady of the Rosary Church in Union City .
He was born in Indianapolis but at an early age moved to San Jose , where he attended Sacred Heart Church .
He was 13 when he entered St. Joseph ’s Seminary in Mountain View , where he was the youngest student .
He was one of three 1972 graduates to be ordained in the Oakland Diocese .
Kiesle , now 63 and recently released from prison , lives in the Rossmoor senior community in Walnut Creek and wears a Global Positioning System anklet .
He is on parole for a different sex crime against a child .
Numerous accusers have said he abused them as children at Our Lady of the Rosary , Santa Paula ( now Our Lady of Guadalupe ) in Fremont and Saint Joseph in Pinole , where he served in the mid-1970s , then returned in 1985 to volunteer as a youth minister .
The Rev. Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman , declined to address the 1985 letter other than to confirm Ratzinger ’s signature .
“ The press office does n’t believe it is necessary to respond to every single document taken out of context regarding particular legal situations , ” he said .
In the letter , Ratzinger says the arguments for removing Kiesle are of “ grave significance ” but adds that such actions require careful review and more time .
Any decision to defrock Kiesle must take into account the “ good of the Universal Church ” and the “ detriment that granting the dispensation can provoke within the community of Christ ’s faithful , particularly considering the young age of the petitioner . ”
Kiesle was 38 at the time .
In his earliest letter to Ratzinger , Cummins warned that returning Kiesle to ministry would cause more of a scandal than stripping him of his priestly powers .
“ It is my conviction that there would be no scandal if this petition were granted and that as a matter of fact , given the nature of the case , there might be greater scandal to the community if Father Kiesle were allowed to return to the active ministry , ” Cummins wrote in 1982 .
California church officials wrote to Ratzinger at least three times to check on the status of Kiesle ’s case .
At one point , a Vatican official wrote to say the file might have been lost and suggested resubmitting materials .
Diocese officials considered writing Ratzinger again after they received his 1985 response to impress upon him that leaving Kiesle in the ministry would harm the church , the Rev. George Mockel wrote in a memo to the Oakland bishop .
“ My own reading of this letter is that basically they are going to sit on it until Steve gets quite a bit older , ” the memo said .
“ Despite his young age , the particular and unique circumstances of this case would seem to make it a greater scandal if he were not laicized . ”
Mike Brown , spokesman for the Oakland Diocese , said Kiesle was removed from the active ministry in 1978 when the allegations arose from Our Lady of the Rosary .
He ultimately was defrocked in February 1987 , but for more than a year continued working with children at the Pinole church , according to a complaint letter written in May 1988 by Maurine Behrend , who worked in the diocese ’s Office of Youth Ministry .
The Associated Press , staff writer Roman Gokhman and Bay Area News Group correspondent Rob Dennis contributed to this report .
Protein diet not bad for bones A protein rich diet does not mean bone problems , according to an animal study from the Canadian University of Manitoba , published in the Journal of Nutrition .
But a protein - rich diet does n't strengthen the skeleton either .
Protein , diet & bones
More and more people are turning to a protein rich diet as a way to lose weight .
Whereas the average western diet consists of about fifteen percent protein in terms of energy , in a typical protein diet that percentage rises to around 35 percent , replacing fats and above all carbohydrates .
You are less likely to feel hungry on a protein rich diet , so you eat less .
What ’s more it increases your muscle mass and raises your metabolism rate .
As a result of these two factors , your body burns more calories .
Researchers are not entirely sure whether a protein - rich diet is safe in the long term .
There are studies in which an increased protein consumption led to a decline in bone mass .
A protein - rich diet increases the production of acid in the body , and that may reduce the amount of calcium in your bones .
Every gram of protein costs you 1 milligram of calcium , according to a popular theory put about by the anti-protein lobby .
That 's why the bones of vegetarians are supposed to be super strong .
Many vegetarians eat less protein than normal .
Supporters of high - protein diets think that vegetarians have stronger bones because they eat more whole grains , vegetables and fruit , and as a result consume more bioactive substances that strengthen their bones .
Study
The researchers ' animal study was intended to provide more insight into the effect of a protein - rich diet on the skeleton .
They gave female rats a diet consisting of 35 percent protein [ HP ] for 17 months .
The extra proteins came mainly from egg protein and milk .
A control group was given a diet from which 15 percent of the energy was derived from protein [ NP ] .
Results
The HP animals had a tiny amount more lean body mass and about 50 percent less body fat after 17 months .
There was no effect on the amount of minerals in their bones – the bone mineral content .
In fact , because the HP animals had become lighter , their bones contained more minerals per kg bodyweight .
The table below provides data on the femur bone in the rats .
BMD = bone mineral density .
The researchers also did tests to determine the strength of the bones from the dead rats .
They found out that the HP rats ' bones broke slightly less easily than the bones of the NP rats .
The differences were not statistically significant .
Conclusion
" The high mixed protein consumption was associated with reduced weight , fat mass , and higher LBM , but no deleterious effects to bone " , the researchers conclude .
This may be because they used egg and dairy protein , they think .
Meat contains more amino acids , which the body converts more easily into acids , which in turn draw calcium out of the bones .
So strength athletes or low - carbers who get their extra protein mainly from shakes , eggs or dairy products do n't have to worry about their bones , you might conclude from this study .
But strength athletes that eat lots of meat do n’t need to lose sleep either : strength training enhances the formation of bone tissue .
Source :
J Nutr. 2009 Nov ; 139 ( 11 ) : 2099 - 105 .
More :
Ecdysterone repairs cartilage in joints 22.03.2010
Creatine makes bones stronger 15.03.2010
Two glasses of soya milk a day maintains bone mass 04.02.2010
We admit -- we are huge nerds for maps .
Whether we were poking through the U.S.S.
Enterprise schematics that teched the tech or following Frodo 's path through Middle Earth , we have always been way , way down with maps that enable us to get even more immersed in the fantasy worlds we enjoy .
Which is why when we heard about Comic Book Cartography , a website devoted entirely to cool maps from comics , we clicked on the hyperlink as hard as one can .
We 've got some of our favorites after the jump , but for more -- and bigger versions , hit the site itself , where you can learn more than you imagined about the Avengers mansion and the exact contents of Batman 's utility belt .
TOKYO — Seeking to bring its spiraling debt under control , Japan has undertaken an unlikely exercise : lawmakers are forcing bureaucrats to defend their budgets at public hearings and are slashing wanton spending .
The hearings , streamed live on the Internet , are part of an effort by the eight - month - old government of Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama to tackle the country ’s public debt , which has mushroomed to twice the size of Japan ’s $ 5 trillion economy after years of profligate spending .
Greece ’s debt crisis , which has panicked investors and forced the rest of Europe to put together a multibillion - dollar bailout , has fed fears in Tokyo that if spending is unchecked , Japan could become the center of the next global financial crisis .
Mr. Hatoyama and his ruling Democratic Party are also trying to wrest control of Japan ’s economy from the country ’s powerful bureaucracy .
Filibustering the legislative process
As it looks like all 41 Republicans will filibuster financial reform today , it 's worth being clear about what , exactly , they 're filibustering .
First , they 're not filibustering the bill itself .
The Senate has n't looked at the bill .
In fact , it has n't even seen the version that combines Dodd 's proposal with Lincoln 's derivatives language .
This filibuster is n't preventing a vote on anything .
Rather , it 's standing in the way of debate and amendment .
The specific motion being filibustered is the motion to move to debate the legislation .
That is to say that Republicans who want to see the bill debated and changed are filibustering the process in which the bill can be debated and changed .
They 're not filibustering legislation so much as the legislative process itself .
It 's a strange move , as letting the bill be amended and debated does n't preclude a filibuster against a vote on the legislation .
But Republicans have gotten so used to filibustering everything that they filibuster whether it makes sense or not .
As it turns out , filibusters are a bit like Pringles :
Once you pop , you just can't stop .
PARIS ( Reuters ) -
The debate about fixing the financial crisis seems to be missing a key factor -- a broad ethical discussion of what is the right and wrong thing to do in a modern economy .
David Randall from Bournemouth sits outside the Financial Services Authority offices in London 's Canary Wharf financial district September 15 , 2009 .
Randall , who lost 25,000 pounds ( $ 41,224 ) in the collapse of Lehman Brothers , was protesting about being sold high risk financial products .
REUTERS / Kevin Coombs
This omission stands out at a time when a survey by the World Economic Forum , host of the glittering annual Davos summits of the rich and powerful , says two - thirds of those queried think the crunch is also a crisis of ethics and values .
Voters in western countries may have a gut feeling that huge bonuses and bank bailouts are somehow unfair , but politicians seem unable to come up with a solid response that reflects it , according to a group trying to kickstart an ethics debate .
“ People have strong emotions about right and wrong - that sense of justice is hard - wired into the way we view the world , ” Madeleine Bunting , one of three founders of the Citizen Ethics Network launched in London last week , told Reuters .
“ Our politics have lost the capacity to connect with that kind of emotion , ” said Bunting , associate editor of Britain ’s Guardian newspaper .
“ Politics has become very technocratic and managerial , all about who ’s going to deliver more economic growth . ”
The backlash against bank bail - outs has forced several chief executives of major banks to lose their bonuses this year .
Despite this , the Royal Bank of Scotland RBS.L , 84 percent publicly owned , announced bonuses of 1 million pounds each to over 100 bankers last week .
U.S. President Barack Obama has proposed tighter regulations on banks but also said he did n't begrudge the $ 17 million bonus awarded to JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM.N CEO Jamie Dimon or the $ 9 million for Goldman Sachs Group Inc GS.N CEO Lloyd Blankfein because " they are very savvy businessmen " and some athletes earned more .
ENDURING VIRTUES
Perhaps not surprisingly in Britain ’s pre-election period , the Network -- organized by Bunting , Adam Lent of the Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) and writer Mark Vernon -- had no problem getting top British politicians to contribute to the debate .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said people wanted a return to the “ enduring virtues ” of accountability , responsibility and fairness .
“ These values must infuse our response , ” he wrote in the Network ’s pages on the Guardian website .
“ Politicians have shied away from these questions , for fear of seeming judgmental , ” wrote Conservative opposition leader David Cameron .
“ It ’s vital we find a way of talking about these issues without people feeling preached at . ”
Although the Citizens Ethics Network started in Britain , where the financial crisis and an expense account scandal in parliament has fanned popular discontent , the mood it reflects seems to be much more widely spread .
The World Economic Forum survey showing widespread concern about ethics in business and politics polled 130,000 people in France , Germany , India , Indonesia , Israel , Mexico , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , Turkey and the United States .
There have been countless calls for more ethical standards in business and politics , many from religious leaders , but the fact they do n’t gain traction in the political debate is what spurred the Network ’s founders to take their initiative .
Contributors to a pamphlet outlining the Network ’s arguments saw the decline of religion leaving a moral vacuum in many western societies .
“ A terror of old - fashioned moralize has driven all talk of morality out of the public sphere , ” philosopher Alan de Botton wrote .
ARISTOTLE WOULD SEE IT
The market - driven consumer society , with its focus on satisfying and even creating individual desires , has also broken down the community ties and trust that helped people in the past to also consider the common good , others wrote .
Trade unions and politics used to provide secular frameworks for values such as solidarity and sacrifice , wrote Adam Lent of Britain ’s Trade Union Congress , but these were swept away by the rapid transition from a manufacturing economy to one dominated by services .
Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams and Muslim intellectual Tariq Ramadan both contributed to the Network pamphlet , but the organizers stress they neither want to bring back religion nor return to any supposed earlier “ golden age . ”
“ The problem is that nothing new has replaced them , ” Lent said .
“ The time is ripe to start developing new perspectives . ”
Bunting said the best way to do that is to “ go back to the really fundamental questions of political and moral philosophy and start the argument again .
“ That argument is not solved by the market , nor is it solved by socialism .
This is about getting back to some arguments that have been central to most human societies , ” she said .
“ Aristotle would have recognized all these problems . ”
A sophisticated text editor for code , markup and prose .
Use Goto
Anything to open files with only a few keystrokes , and instantly jump to symbols , lines or words .
Make ten changes at the same time , not one change ten times .
Multiple selections allow you to interactively change many lines at ...
" What good is knowledge if it just floats in the air ?
It goes from computer to computer .
It changes and grows every second of every day .
But nobody actually knows anything . "
-- Don DeLillo
Multitasking .
Spell check ( like on the iPad ) .
Bluetooth keyboard support ( again , on the iPad ) .
User - defined wallpaper ( a jailbreak favorite ) .
Tap to focus when recording video , just like with photos , and a 5 x digital zoom for the camera .
Playlist creation and nested playlists .
App folders for sorting apps !
You can even put an app folder in the dock .
for sorting apps !
You can even put an app folder in the dock .
Enhanced Mail !
You can have a merged inbox view , switch between inboxes quickly , and sync to more than one Exchange account .
There 's also threaded messaging ( at last ! ) and in - app attachment viewing .
You can have a merged inbox view , switch between inboxes quickly , and sync to more than one Exchange account .
There 's also threaded messaging ( at last ! ) and in - app attachment viewing .
iBooks , just like on iPad , only smaller .
You can wirelessly sync books between platforms , a la Kindle .
, just like on iPad , only smaller .
You can wirelessly sync books between platforms , a la Kindle .
Enterprise features , including remote device management and wireless app distribution .
features , including remote device management and wireless app distribution .
Game Center .
It 's like Xbox Live , but for iPhone games .
Includes achievements , leaderboards , and match making .
It will be available as a " developer preview , " and out for consumers later this year .
New SDK , available today .
1,500 new APIs .
Background audio ( think Pandora ) .
Background VoIP ( think Skype ) .
Background location data , both with live GPS for backgrounded turn - by - turn , and cell tower - based for lower power draw .
Local notifications .
Like push notifications , but sends a notification straight from the app without needing a push notification server , perfect for an alarm , for instance .
Fast app switching .
Saves the state of an app and resumes it from where you left off , without dwelling in memory .
iAd .
Apple says it's for keeping " free apps free . "
The ads keep you in the app , while also taking over the screen and adding interactivity -- using HTML 5 for video -- up to simple gaming in - ad .
Apple will offer a 60 / 40 split on revenue , and users can even buy apps straight from an ad .
.
Apple says it 's for keeping " free apps free . "
The ads keep you in the app , while also taking over the screen and adding interactivity -- using HTML 5 for video -- up to simple gaming in - ad .
Apple will offer a 60 / 40 split on revenue , and users can even buy apps straight from an ad .
In - app SMS .
Map overlays .
Quick look for previewing documents .
Photo Library access .
Calendar access .
Full access to the camera .
Video playback and capture .
Date and address " data detectors . "
Automated testing and performance / power analysis ( the same tools Apple uses ) .
Just a bit more than a year after we first laid eyes on iPhone OS 3.0 , Apple is back with the latest big revision of the OS that powers the iPhone , iPod touch and iPad .
iPhone OS 4 is shipping this summer ( iPad in the fall ) , and the developer preview will be out today .
i Phone 3GS and new - gen iPod touch will get all the features , but some features wo n't make it to the iPhone 3G , original iPhone , and older iPod touches .
The biggest new feature is multitasking , which Apple says is going to be the " best " implementation in the smartphone space , though it 's obviously not the first .
App switching is activated by double tapping the home button , which pulls up a " dock " of currently running apps , and Apple claims it can do this without hurting battery life or performance for the front app .
Unfortunately , this multitasking .
Multitasking is just one of seven different new " tentpole " features , including Game Center , enhanced Mail , and more ...
Grab it on the App Store .
The Japan Food Addict app is here !
Fried rice is typically very easy to make but a little hard to make it taste great .
But the more you make it , the better it gets !
Beef and pickled ginger is my favorite fried rice combination , but if you do n’t like or cannot find pickled ginger , try regular pickles .
It may sound strange but tastes great !
Yield : 2 servings Time : 10 minutes Ingredients 3/ 4 lb sliced , chopped beef
2 bowls of steamed rice ( about 2 cups )
1/2 onion ( chopped )
1/4 cup chopped green onion
1/2 oz pickled ginger ( minced )
Some pickled ginger on the side
1 egg ( beaten ) Spices 1 tbsp soy sauce
1 tbsp mirin
1 tbsp sake
dash salt and pepper Preparation Heat oil in a frying pan , cook beef for 30 seconds over medium heat Add onion and green onion , and cook 2 minutes over medium heat Add egg , mix , then add rice and ginger .
Cook for 2 minutes ( turning rice to keep it separated )
Add mirin , sake , soy sauce , and stir for 1 minute then sprinkle salt and pepper Serve and enjoy !
JapanFoodAddict.com : Beef
" From their mouths , anything can come out – pieces of iron as long as a finger , but also rose petals , " said Father Amorth , who claims to have performed 70,000 exorcisms .
" When the possessed dribble and slobber , and need cleaning up , I do that too .
Seeing people vomit does n't bother me .
The exorcist has one principal duty - to free human beings from the fear of the Devil . "
A leading Pakistani cleric has issued a religious ruling in Britain condemning terrorism , saying suicide bombers are destined for hell .
Dr Muhammad Tahir - ul - Qadri's 600 page religious ruling , or fatwa , is a very different message to the interpretation of Islam in which martyrs go to heaven .
Dr Qadri says there is nothing written in the Koran that could be used to justify suicide bombings , rather , he warns that Islam condemns such acts .
" These kind of activities will lead them to hellfire and they are not involved in any kind of martyrdom operation , " he said .
" Rather they are doing an act which is an act of disbelief . "
Dr Qadri preaches in Pakistan , but says he wanted to spread his message in the western world where youths are being brainwashed and misguided on the concepts of Islam .
Judge them by their enemies .
More evidence that Barack Obama might be shaping up as a good president is that Norman Podhoretz hates him so much .
In a Wall Street Journal column Monday the guru of the neoconservatives declared : “ I would rather be ruled by the Tea Party than by the Democratic Party , and I would rather have Sarah Palin sitting in the Oval Office than Barack Obama . ”
I know that does not properly address all of the serious questions raised about the Obama presidency by progressives , myself included , and as of today we must now add offshore oil drilling to the list .
But it is somewhat reassuring that the surviving father of the neocon movement should be left so totally unglued .
He is joined in this embrace of the Palin rage by Bill Kristol , whose late father , Irving , was Podhoretz ’s comrade in the long march from the far left to the far right .
That shift brought the neoconservatives to the pinnacle of power in the Bush administration before they flamed out over the distortions of fact and logic they peddled as justification for the invasion of Iraq .
Among other things — and this was particularly important for Podhoretz , who for 35 years had edited Commentary , a leading journal in the Jewish community — the elimination of Saddam Hussein was supposed to leave Israel more secure .
Instead , just the opposite has occurred as a consequence of the vastly increased power of Iran in the region thanks to the elimination of its most feared local adversary .
Any effort to contain the power of Iran has been compromised by the leading role of the disciples of the Iranian ayatollahs in the politics of Iraq .
Obama had opposed that war , but he has certainly done his bit to carry on the Bush policy and has furthered it in Afghanistan as well .
There is no sign of Obama abandoning those failed adventures , and his fitful efforts to contain Iran while negotiating a much needed settlement of the Israel - Palestine conflict are quite consistent with those of previous administrations .
Indeed , the U.S. policy agenda for the region seems to be set by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who , as her warm reception at the recent AIPAC conference indicates , has long been regarded as a fervent friend of Israel .
Indeed , from health care , the banking bailout and on to Mideast peace , it is difficult to find a single policy proposal from Obama that Bill and Hillary Clinton had not both previously embraced .
So why the particularly strident animus toward Obama ?
The answer lies in that fear so common to the tea party core — that Obama is a false prophet leading the good God-fearing folk astray .
Since Podhoretz claims to be writing out of the Jewish tradition he does not embrace the possibility of Obama being the Antichrist , but his language is as descriptively bizarre .
In a WSJ article from last September headlined “ Why Are Jews Liberals ? ” which is also the title of his latest book , Podhoretz complained bitterly , “ One of the most extraordinary features of Barack Obama ’s victory over John McCain was his capture of 78 % of the Jewish vote . ”
What followed was a self - hating tirade against his own : “ Jews are by far the most liberal of any group in America . ”
In support of that view he quotes the sociologist Nathan Glazer , who argued that Jews , as opposed to any other immigrant group in America , have ignored their improving economic status and instead consistently supported “ increased government spending , expanded benefits to the poor and lower classes , greater regulations on business , and the power of organized labor . ”
What a great testament to the enduring decency of Jewish values that they have proved so capable of embracing social goals that transcend narrow class interest .
What a wonderful refutation of historical anti-Semitism that Jews so consistently ignore personal economic gain to serve the larger good .
Not so in the eyes of Podhoretz , who was immensely disappointed that the commitment of Jews to those enlightened views did not dissipate with the nomination of Obama but rather increased somewhat .
He bemoans the fact that the vast majority of Jews did not share his fear that Obama was too liberal or anti-Israel , but instead of chalking that up to an honest disagreement he invokes the language of the devil ’s deception : “ I am hoping against hope that the exposure of Mr. Obama as a false messiah will at last open the eyes of my fellow Jews to the correlative falsity of the political creed he so perfectly personifies and to which they have for so long been so misguidedly loyal . ”
So what does that make Sarah Palin — the true messiah ?
New York ’s medical marijuana bill has already passed the State House and now has favorably cleared a key Senate Committee as part of the state budget .
Millions in license fees are at stake , but proponents say that ’s not the reason it should be approved .
This is coming only months after New Jersey passed a similar law .
Patients suffering from neurological and muscular diseases report tremendous relief from smoking pot and as a muscular dystrophy patient , Rich Morosky told lawmakers it ’s a godsend .
Morosky was in Albany Tuesday describing life before marijuana .
“ I would literally have to straighten my arms out , untangle my fingers , ” he said .
“ Once I got up to therapeutic dosage in my bloodstream , it ’s not like I ’m getting all wacky and having a good time .
I ’m medicated , and this medicine works . ”
With medical marijuana already legal in 14 states , opposition to the bill is weakening , but it still makes a lot of people nervous .
“ We ’ve seen it in California .
It does n’t work in California .
We believe , I believe personally that it ’s a gateway drug and it will open up for more usage of marijuana amongst kids , and lead to further drug use across our state , ” said Sen Martin Golden ( R - Brooklyn ) .
The New York law would limit prescriptions to seriously ill patients and there be no home grown weed .
Licensed growers and distributors would generate $ 15 million annually for the state , according to the bill ’s sponsors who said the time has come .
“ The New York Law would be the most restrictive of any medical marijuana law in the country , ” said Assemblyman Richard Gottfried ( D - Manhattan ) .
Advocate Jim Miller said New York could learn from New Jersey ’s legislative experience .
“ How dare we ask sick and dying people to come and beg their legislators for relief they know could be had ” he said .
The law , as written , would put the State Health Department in charge of the New York medical marijuana program .
Opponents point out the Health Department has a hard enough time preventing Medicaid fraud without taking on a controlled substance .
– Article from CBS News .
Caroline Lucas and co need to retain their following of committed environmentalists while trying to rebrand their organisation as a fully rounded political party
It is a cold , bright day on the Brighton seafront , and , in a modest , low - ceilinged function room at the Metropole Hotel , history is being made .
It is an amiable , unpretentious , occasionally slightly amateurish kind of history , as befits the Green party , and there are only about 35 people there to witness it , but it 's history nonetheless : this election , the bookmakers reckon , will be the one at which the party finally gets its first Westminster MP – perhaps even three of them – and the manifesto launch is an unprecedentedly slick affair .
There are multiple camera crews and TV lights and constant , clicking shutters , and a manifesto document with graphic design that rivals Labour 's and outshines the Tories ' .
There are several designer suits in evidence , and very little facial hair .
The function room in question is part of something called the Osbourne Suite , which is a bit awkward , but still .
" Put it like this , " says a member of the party 's media coordination team .
( They have a media coordination team ! )
" Comparing this to the 2005 [ manifesto launch ] – well , so far , the dog has n't arrived , and neither has the one man . "
The 2010 incarnation of the Green party , under its upbeat leader Caroline Lucas – the MEP who opinion polls suggest will win Brighton Pavilion on 6 May – is engaged in an energetic attempt to have its cake and eat it too .
It must retain its following of committed environmentalists while trying to rebrand itself as a fully - featured political party , offering answers to problems that voters perceive as economic , not environmental .
And it must persuade voters in its three target constituencies – Lewisham Deptford , Norwich South and Lucas 's own – that Green candidates really can win , without making it too obvious that , elsewhere , they almost certainly can't .
" A green vote sends an incredibly powerful message , " is how Lucas tries to walk this tightrope .
" Even under this hugely undemocratic electoral system , which has been expressly designed to keep out smaller parties ... we now believe we are on the edge of breakthrough . "
The resulting manifesto features a suitably contemporary language - mangling slogan – " Fair is worth fighting for " – and an overwhelming focus on the economy , specifically the argument that job creation , rather than " savage cuts " , is the route to recovery .
Despite far higher taxes on the wealthiest , the party insists that 87 % of people would be better off under a Green administration .
The weekly state pension would be raised to £ 170 , and the minimum hourly wage from £ 5.80 to £ 8.10 .
( The motorway speed limit would be reduced , incidentally , to 55 m ph . )
It is n't the Greens ' fault , of course , that our electoral system requires the deployment of fantasy concepts such as " a Green administration " , as if voters were fervently wondering about how , exactly , that first Lucas - Obama summit might unfold .
( They 'd probably disagree on nuclear power , for a start . )
But , this time round , disillusionment with the main parties means that more voters might at least be willing to entertain the fantasy – while a few , such as the locavore recyclers of central Brighton , have the opportunity to go a step further .
" There is a sense of ' a plague on all their houses ' , " says Lucas , appearing alongside the Lewisham candidate , Darren Johnson , and 28 - year - old Adrian Ramsay , the deputy leader who is running in Norwich South .
It has been " really quite moving , " she adds , to see voters in the target constituencies realise they might have an alternative .
" A party of the left - plus , " she calls it , once again suggesting the simultaneous possession and consumption of cakes .
" Look , " says Johnson afterwards , over coffee and individual portions of plastic - wrapped shortbread , " it was bloody hard work , years of slog , to break through to the council .
A bloody hard slog .
But , once we did it , we built on it .
And , if we can break through to Westminster with three seats this time , I 'd expect dozens of Green MPs at the election after that . "
The party still suffers , of course , from the eternal curse of the single - issue party : nobody much cares about your single issue , so people do n't vote for you – until eventually everybody cares about it , or claims to , in which case it's hard to make the case that people should vote for you , as opposed to bigger , government - forming parties .
But it surely can't hurt Green chances that the single issue is arguable the single most important issue of all , and that the three main parties are , relatively speaking , so indistinguishable on it and other matters .
The immediate political future of Britain is n't going to be bright green : even the party itself uses a washed - out , half - hearted shade of green in its publicity materials , as if it is wary of insisting too much .
But the House of Commons is likely to get its first member whose politics match the colour of the benches .
Mexico City , Mexico ( CNN ) --
The Mexican government has apologized to the families of two students killed early Friday who officials initially said were drug gang members .
Jorge Antonio Mercado Alonso , 23 , and Javier Francisco Arredondo Verdugo , 24 , were mechanical engineering graduate students at the Technological Institute of Higher Learning of Monterrey , the Mexican Interior Ministry said Sunday in its apology for the shootings .
Mexican soldiers chasing criminals who had fired on an army patrol shot and killed the students , the Interior Ministry said .
Some of the criminals had fled onto the college campus .
" The Mexican government expresses its most deeply felt condolences to the families , " the Interior Ministry said in a release on its Web page .
The federal government will intensify its investigation to find out what happened , the ministry said .
On Friday , Mexican officials had said the two dead men were part of the criminal gang that shot at the soldiers .
University officials also said Friday that all students were safe .
That account changed Saturday , when Mercado 's mother tried to call him after finding out about the campus shootout .
When she could n't reach him , she traveled to Monterrey , where she identified her son's body , said the campus rector , Rafael Rangel Sostman .
" I 'm certain he is with God , " said the mother , Rosa Elvia Mercado Alonso .
The school 's rector blamed himself for the mix - up in identities .
" I offer a public apology and take responsibility for having given information that ended up not being correct , " Rangel said .
" I want to offer my most deeply felt condolences to the family of our two students and offer them our support in this difficult situation . "
Both men were scholarship students , the college said .
Monterrey is in Nuevo Leon , one of two states in northeastern Mexico where drug cartel members blocked roads with hijacked vehicles Thursday and Friday to prevent military reinforcements from arriving .
The criminals also set up roadblocks in neighboring Tamaulipas state .
Three presumed gang members and one soldier were killed in various skirmishes over the two - day period , officials said .
The area , which borders Texas , has seen bloody fighting between the Zetas and Gulf cartels after a recent gangland slaying .
Hours - long gun battles are common , and U.S. officials were recently forced to temporarily close the consulate in the city of Reynosa .
Mexico has been gripped in massive drug- related bloodshed since President Felipe Calderon declared war on the cartels shortly after coming into office in December 2006 .
Much of the violence has taken place around Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas .
There are no official government tallies , but more than 16,000 people are estimated to have died in the drug wars .
The vast majority of the deaths are among reputed criminals , with some police and military also being killed .
Relatively few of the deaths have been civilians .
Even so , the United States and Canada have issued travel warnings , particularly along the border area .
The Texas Department of Public Safety took the unprecedented step this year of recommending that students on spring break not go to border areas inside Mexico .
News of the violence and the travel warnings apparently have had an effect .
Mexicans say tourism along the border has declined significantly this year .
Women in Tech : 20 Trailblazers Share Their Journeys
An excellent guide for students considering STEM courses , graduates pondering job choices , and career changers at any stage in life .
A useful tool for school and career counselors , recruiters , and HR pros eager to diversify their workplaces .
Get the Kindle or Paperback .
Spend a few minutes at Microsoft 's Hohm Web site , enter a few details about your house , and it will spit out a series of recommendations about how best you can reduce your energy consumption , and maybe save some money in the process .
Next year , it will be able to help some car owners to manage the power consumption of their vehicles , as well .
Ford and Microsoft are partnering to bring the Hohm application to electric vehicles , beginning with the Ford Focus , the companies announced Wednesday .
While details are sketchy , the companies say Hohm will help owners figure out the cheapest time to recharge .
The system should also help utilities concerned about increased demand from the coming generation of plug - in hybrids .
The application 's vehicle interface is still under design , but information such as estimated electricity rates , cost to charge and time to charge are the sorts of details likely to be included .
It 's unclear whether the application will let users manage the charging process remotely .
Emphasis on Conservation
The announcement comes at a time of increasing focus on getting more electric vehicles on the road in the U.S. , as well as increasing focus on using technology to help energy consumers conserve .
President Obama has set a goal of having 1 million electric vehicles in use by 2015 , and he has championed the idea of a smart grid that allows consumers greater control over their energy consumption .
Applications such as Hohm are on the vanguard of that effort .
Hohm and Google 's PowerMeter are energy information display applications that allow homeowners to track their consumption , spot anomalies , and find ways to reduce what they use .
Both offer customers of a select few utilities a way to get automated feeds of their energy usage .
More such partnerships are supposed to be on the way .
In Hohm 's case , consumers whose providers do n't offer automated feeds can enter their monthly consumption manually -- information that Hohm uses to make recommendations on reducing energy use , such as adding insulation and properly configuring computers to use low - power states when not in use .
E- Vehicles Big Power Users
Applications designed to help save money on electricity are popular with consumers , according to Pike Research , which studies green technology issues .
Fifty - two percent of survey respondents said they would be interested in applications such as Hohm or PowerMeter , the company found , and 66 percent said they'd be willing to pay for such a service .
Finding ways to wring the most juice of out electric vehicles will be an important consideration for owners and utilities alike .
Owners are likely to pay a premium to purchase electric cars , and they will immediately become one of the top electricity consumers in their homes -- in some cases , more than the summertime power draw of the air conditioner and water heater combined , according to the Electric Power Research Institute , a utility - funded organization .
The upcoming Chevy Volt , for instance , is expected to increase the energy draw of the average U.S. home by 13 percent .
The Nissan Leaf comes in at 19 percent , according to EPRI , which did n't provide figures for the Focus .
That would come to an annual cost of between US $ 190 and $ 278 to consumers .
That compares to $ 151 to run a refrigerator for the year or $ 228 to run the air conditioner , according to EPRI figures .
Utilities Have a Stake , Too
Finding ways to delay charging those cars until late at night will be a win for both consumers and power generators , EPRI Senior Project Manager Marcus Alexander told TechNewsWorld .
" You come home at six and want to watch TV but it 's not charged up until midnight -- you 're not going to be happy , " Alexander said .
" But the nice thing about electric vehicles , and especially plug - in hybrids , is they do n't need to be charged immediately . "
That 's good for utilities , he said .
Charging vehicles late at night will generate demand during what is typically a slack period for power generators , helping them keep expensive plants humming around the clock and potentially reducing electricity costs .
It also could cause problems , though , at least in the long term .
Plug - in vehicles will require lots of energy over a long time -- more than double the peak demand of the average household in summertime San Francisco , according to EPRI .
That could result in blown transformers if several neighbors bring home electrics .
It 's not likely to tax overall power generation capacity , however , as Microsoft and Ford suggested in announcing the Hohm iniative .
" The demand is widely distributed , " said Alexander .
" It 's not as big of a problem as often stated . "
At least two US citizens were killed in their own homes by American police enforcing the war on drugs in a 48 - hour period late last week .
One was a 52 - year - old white grandmother ; the other was a 43 - year - old black man .
Both allegedly confronted home - invading officers with weapons ; both were shot to death .
No police officers were injured .
The combination of widespread gun ownership in the US with aggressive drug war policing is a recipe for tragedy , one that is repeated on a regular basis .
Gun owners commonly cite protecting themselves from home - invading robbers as a reason for arming themselves , while police cite widespread gun ownership as a reason they need to use SWAT - style tactics , breaking down doors and using overwhelming force against potential shooters .
That homeowners would pick up a weapon upon hearing their doors broken down is not surprising , nor is it surprising that police are quick to shoot to kill “ suspects ” who may pose a threat to them .
The first killing came Thursday morning in North Memphis , when a Bartlett , Tennessee , police narcotics squad serving a search warrant for drug possession — not sales , manufacture , or possession with intent to sell — shot and killed Malcolm Shaw , 43 , after breaking into his home .
Police said they knocked on Shaw ’s door several times and identified themselves as police before entering the home .
Police said Shaw emerged from a room and pointed a gun at plainclothes officer Patrick Cicci .
Cicci fired once , killing Shaw .
Cicci is on administrative leave pending an internal investigation .
While the Bartlett Police investigation is ongoing , that did n’t stop the Shelby County District Attorney ’s Office from announcing Monday that Cicci will not be prosecuted .
Cicci ’s killing of the homeowner was “ apparent justifiable use of deadly force in self defense , ” a spokesman said .
Bartlett police said that while the Bartlett narcs conducting the raid were not in uniform , their gear clearly identified them as law enforcement .
They wore “ high - visibility vests ” marked “ POLICE ” in several spots , police said .
The killing of the well - known neighborhood handyman led to the formation of a crowd hostile to police outside his home .
Bartlett police on the scene had to call Memphis police to do crowd control .
Memphis police complained that the Bartlett narcs had not followed law enforcement protocols requiring them to notify the local agency when they were operating in its jurisdiction .
They said they were notified only as the raid commenced , and that moments later , they got a request for an ambulance at the address , and moments after that , they got a request that they send a couple of police cruisers for crowd control .
Timothy Miers , who said he was Shaw ’s brother accused police of being trigger - happy .
“ How you gonna go in serving a warrant and shoot somebody ? ”
Miers asked .
“ They already had their finger on the trigger . ”
The sense of disbelief over the killing was shared by members of the crowd gathered outside Shaw ’s home .
Many complained about the officers ’ actions .
“ My heart fell to the ground , ” one neighbor said .
“ We ca n’t believe it , ” said another .
“ Malcolm out of all people . ”
Family members expressed confusion about the shooting , saying Shaw was not a person they would have expected to threaten officers .
“ They say he had a gun , ” said Miers .
“ My brother does n’t have no gun . ”
Friends of Shaw said the same thing .
“ I ai n’t never seen him with no gun , ” said Arvette Thomas , a friend of Shaw .
Shaw never bothered anyone , neighbors said .
“ I think it ’s wrong to just kill him like they did , ” said a neighbor , “ because he would n’t hurt a fly . ”
Less than 48 hours later , members of a Broward County Sheriff ’s Office SWAT team and its Selective Enforcement Team in Pompano Beach , Florida , shot and killed Brenda Van Zweiten , 52 , during a drug raid on her home .
Police had developed evidence that drugs were being sold from the residence , and obtained a search warrant .
After allegedly identifying themselves as police , they broke through a sliding glass door to a bedroom and arrested Van Zweiten ’s boyfriend , Gary Nunnemacher , 47 , on charges of possessing less than 20 grams of marijuana .
Van Zweiten was in a different bedroom , and was shot and killed by deputies when she emerged holding a handgun .
According to police , she refused to put down her weapon , so they shot her .
Police reported finding one gram of heroin , four grams of crack cocaine , marijuana , marijuana plants , 40 generic Xanax tablets , $ 550 cash , two shotguns , and a rifle .
Family members said Van Zweiten had a prescription for Xanax , but was not a drug dealer .
But police had earlier in the day arrested three people leaving the home who they say had bought drugs there — although police did not say from whom .
After Van Zweiten ’s killing , police were unrepentant .
“ When you approach a police officer with a loaded weapon and do n’t put the weapon down , there ’s going to be consequences , ” sheriff ’s spokesman Mike Jachles said .
“ It ’s unfortunate , but I ’d rather be talking about a dead suspect than a dead cop . ”
Van Zweiten ’s brother , Bill George , said his sister had recently received threats and was afraid of break - ins .
“ It was an unlawful shooting , ” he said .
“ She ’s 98 pounds .
She was just trying to protect herself .
I would come out of my room with a gun too . ”
As news of Van Zweiten ’s death spread , friends , neighbors , and family members expressed dismay and disbelief .
They called the incident a “ set up ” and said the blonde grandmother was affectionately called “ Mom ” by many who knew her for using her home as a neighborhood hangout to keep kids off the streets .
Dozens of people gathered in her yard near a flower - bedecked cross put up as a memorial .
“ Look at these people , ” said George .
“ She helped so many of these young people . ”
“ She was like a second mom to me , ” said Michael Miller , 18 .
“ She would take in anybody . ”
“ There was no reason for this , ” said son Rob Singleton , 32 .
Van Zwieten had no criminal history involving drugs or violence , state records show .
George said that Van Zweiten had reason to fear intruders because she had been threatened recently by a man accused of stealing watches and rings that were part of a shrine to two of her four sons , who had died within the past three years , one in a traffic accident , one of a drug overdose .
She had just installed an alarm system last week , George said .
“ She was scared . ”
Singleton showed reporters inside the house , including the small bedroom where she was shot .
A large puddle of blood remained on the floor , and the walls and ceiling were splattered with blood — from his mother ’s head , he said .
“ She was probably running into the closet and trying to hide , ” he said .
As is all too typical in such raid , police also totally trashed the house .
As the Sun-Sentinel reported : “ Much of the interior of the three - bedroom house looked as if it had been hit by a tornado …
Drawers were pulled from dressers , clothes were scattered , a bed was overturned , food and crockery had been knocked from kitchen cabinets . ”
The shrine to her dead sons was also destroyed , Singleton said .
Two Broward County Sheriff ’s Office detectives are on administrative leave pending an internal investigation .
They have not been named .
– Article from Stop the Drug War ( DRCNet ) .
Image caption Artist 's impression : 24 Themis sits well beyond the orbit of Mars
Scientists have detected water - ice on the surface of an asteroid .
The first - time observation was made on 24 Themis , a huge rock that orbits almost 480 million km out from the Sun .
The researchers say that ice is not stable in such circumstances and has to be replenished by some means - perhaps from inside the object .
They tell Nature magazine the finding plays into the theory that much of the water in Earth 's oceans was delivered from space .
" It 's interesting that we have detected ice on an asteroid because there have been suggestions that water on Earth came from impacts with many asteroids in Earth 's early history , " said Professor Humberto Campins , from the University of Central Florida , Orlando , US .
" This detection of water - ice on the surface of an asteroid supports that idea , " he told BBC News .
24 Themis is about 200 km in diameter , making it one of the biggest rocks in the main asteroid belt .
It orbits at more than one - and - a - half - times the Sun-Mars distance .
The observation that its surface is frosted was confirmed by two independent teams - one led by Professor Campins - who examined how light was reflected off the body using the US space agency 's ( Nasa ) Infrared Telescope Facility on Mauna Kea , Hawaii .
The teams also found a signature for complex organic , or carbon - rich , compounds .
Coming up
Scientists have long since detected hydrated , or water - containing , minerals on the surfaces of asteroids - but this is a first in terms of an observation of exposed water - ice .
The researchers were drawn to make the study because smaller fragments of the rock broken off during an ancient collision look rather like comets when viewed through telescopes , and this suggested they and the larger body might harbour significant quantities of ice .
But to find it covering the surface is unexpected , say the researchers .
In sunlight , and with no pressure from an atmosphere , the ice would be expected to vaporise rapidly .
This indicates the ice disappearing at the surface is constantly being replaced .
One scenario thought highly unlikely is that Themis has had a recent collision with an icy comet .
More probable explanations are that frequent impacts with smaller rocks are turning over the surface to release hidden reserves of ice , or that vapour from ice held deeper inside the asteroid is continually out - gassing and condensing briefly on the surface .
Fashionable rocks
Theorists have been concerned for some time that the Earth may have formed at too high a temperature to have started with much water , and it has become a popular theory that much of the water we see today must have come in from elsewhere .
Comets contain a lot of water and impacts could have delivered large volumes .
But perhaps not enough , says Dr Andy Rivkin , from Johns Hopkins University , Laurel , US , who led the other research team .
Also , the type of atoms ( isotopes ) seen in Earth water do not match well a comet - only source .
" Finding ice in Themis and the Themis family opens up the possibility that you might have brought in water from asteroids as well as comets ; and that potentially allows a lot more water to be brought in and it also allows the isotopic compositions to work out the way we need them to , to match the Earth , " Dr Rivkin told BBC News .
Asteroids are a very fashionable topic for scientific study at the moment .
A Japanese capsule is due to return to Earth in a few weeks with a sample picked up off the surface of a space rock ; the European Space Agency 's Rosetta probe will flyby an asteroid later this year ; and a Nasa spacecraft will go into orbit around one of these bodies in 2011 .
President Barack Obama has also directed the US space agency to send astronauts to an asteroid in the mid-2020s .
" For a while we thought we knew everything there was worth knowing about asteroids , and we looked farther and farther out into the Solar System , to the moons of Jupiter and Saturn and to the Kuiper Belt , " observed Dr Henry Hsieh from Queen 's University Belfast , UK .
" Now there seems to be a lot going in the asteroid belt that we do n't actually understand , so again these bodies are exciting . "
This post strays off the basic Brand New Classroom formula in a few ways :
It shows the work of various students , it does n’t include sketches or process , and it ’s not a reinvention of a brand .
But the results are quite fascinating and it ’s really amazing to think that this is student work — the visual translations are delightfully accurate .
Even if you do n’t read Hebrew , it ’s easy to appreciate the exercise .
You can see Oded ’s students in action ( on other projects ) here .
Yazoo Beer Packaging by Holly Taylor TNT Post by Colin Dunn Polaroid by Roger Wang Mike & Ike by Nicolet Schenck NASA by Neil Uhl Restore by Erika Birkman The Langham by Stephan Angoulvant Hebrew Translations of Latin Logos
By Month - - - + September 2011 + June 2011 + May 2011 + April 2011 + March 2011 + February 2011 + January 2011 + December 2010 + November 2010 + October 2010 + September 2010 + August 2010 + July 2010 + June 2010 + May 2010 + April 2010
By Category - - - + Announcement + Automotive + Conference + Consumer Product + Culture + Destination + Entertainment + Fast Food + Financial + Food +
Goverment + Hospitality + Logistics + Non-Profit + Publishing + Retail + Service + Sports + Technology + Transportation +
Typography
By Tags - - - + 100 sketches ( 2 ) + acronym ( 1 ) + adidas ( 1 ) + adler planetarium ( 1 ) + advertising ( 12 ) + air jamaica ( 1 ) + airplane ( 2 ) + airwalk ( 1 ) + Alberto VO5 ( 1 ) + alternatives ( 1 ) + announcement ( 6 ) + applications ( 6 ) + argenta ( 1 ) + bag ( 1 ) + bagaboo ( 1 ) + banner ( 1 ) + bauhaus ( 1 ) + beer ( 1 ) + Big Lots ( 1 ) + billboard ( 3 ) + blackletter ( 1 ) + blue ( 2 ) + boarding pass ( 1 ) + book ( 2 ) + book cover ( 1 ) + booth ( 1 ) + borderline ( 1 ) + boston ( 1 ) + boyscouts ( 1 ) + braille institute ( 1 ) + brand book ( 3 ) + brand guidelines ( 1 ) + brand positioning ( 1 ) + branding book ( 1 ) + brochure ( 1 ) + bunnies ( 1 ) + bus stop ( 1 ) + business card ( 1 ) + cambridge ( 1 ) + cancer ( 1 ) + carmel ( 1 ) + cart ( 1 ) + castle palooza ( 1 ) + CBS ( 1 ) + chicago ( 1 ) + chicago lighthouse ( 1 ) + children 's playhouse ( 1 ) + coasters ( 1 ) + Coit 's Root Beer Stand ( 1 ) + collateral ( 1 ) + color palette ( 2 ) + colt ( 1 ) + corporate manual ( 1 ) + crayola ( 1 ) + culture ( 1 ) + cumulus ( 1 ) + custom typeface ( 1 ) + cut paper ( 1 ) + ding dong lounge ( 1 ) + dvd ( 1 ) + dynex ( 1 ) + edgar allan poe ( 1 ) + elephanttalk ( 1 ) + emblem ( 1 ) + envelopes ( 1 ) + environmental ( 1 ) + eveready ( 1 ) + experience music project ( 1 ) + exploration ( 1 ) + fao schwartz ( 1 ) + folder ( 1 ) + food ( 1 ) + franzia ( 1 ) + fujiya ( 1 ) + gap ( 1 ) + google ( 1 ) + governent ( 1 ) + goya ( 1 ) + guidelines ( 7 ) + habitat for humanity ( 1 ) + hallmark ( 1 ) + hang ten ( 1 ) + heart ( 1 ) + hebrew ( 2 ) + hoopes vision ( 1 ) + hotel ( 1 ) + ibm ( 1 ) + icon ( 19 ) + identity ( 4 ) + identity manual ( 2 ) + ikea ( 1 ) + illustration ( 3 ) + integrated ( 1 ) + inzersdorfer ( 1 ) + iphone app ( 1 ) + iphone application ( 1 ) + israel ( 1 ) + Israel ( 3 ) + israel post office ( 1 ) + justice madison ( 1 ) + land rover ( 1 ) + langham ( 1 ) + lanyard ( 1 ) + lexi ( 1 ) + ligatures ( 1 ) + light ( 1 ) + lightolier ( 1 ) + logo ( 40 ) + logo detail ( 1 ) + logotype ( 1 ) + london 2012 ( 2 ) + magazine ( 1 ) + mainco ( 1 ) + manischewitz ( 1 ) + marion kay ( 1 ) + mastercard ( 1 ) + MEA ( 1 ) + menu ( 1 ) + monogram ( 1 ) + mood board ( 5 ) + motorola ( 1 ) + nasa ( 1 ) + NASA ( 1 ) + nashville mta ( 1 ) + netgear ( 1 ) + nordstrom ( 1 ) + ocassions ( 1 ) + office supplies ( 1 ) + orange ( 1 ) + organization ( 1 ) + outdoor research ( 1 ) + packaging ( 19 ) + patagonia ( 1 ) + Patagonia ( 1 ) + pattern ( 3 ) + pbs ( 1 ) + photography ( 1 ) + pink ( 1 ) + polaroid ( 1 ) + polish post ( 1 ) + poster ( 4 ) + posters ( 1 ) + process ( 2 ) + ramen maruchan ( 1 ) + redesign ( 10 ) + research ( 1 ) + retail ( 1 ) + rishi tea ( 1 ) + rolling stone ( 1 ) + sans serif ( 1 ) + scholastic ( 1 ) + science fiction museum ( 1 ) + seat ( 1 ) + sega ( 1 ) + shape ( 1 ) + sherwin williams ( 1 ) + shoe ( 1 ) + signage ( 4 ) + signature drink ( 1 ) + slab serif ( 1 ) + spy musuem ( 1 ) + standards ( 3 ) + stationery ( 24 ) + store interior ( 1 ) + stripes ( 1 ) + student ( 21 ) + style guide ( 1 ) + sub-brands ( 1 ) + survey ( 2 ) + system manual ( 4 ) + t- shirt ( 3 ) + tampax ( 1 ) + tel aviv - yafo ( 2 ) + the new york times ( 1 ) + ticket ( 1 ) + tnt ( 1 ) + toft dairy ( 1 ) + toronto transit commission ( 1 ) + travel ( 1 ) + tsa ( 1 ) + tshirt ( 1 ) + tshirts ( 1 ) + twitter ( 1 ) + typecon ( 1 ) + typgoraphy ( 1 ) + typography ( 24 ) + uniform ( 3 ) + unilever ( 1 ) + van ( 3 ) + variations ( 1 ) + vehicle ( 2 ) + verizon ( 2 ) + visually impaired ( 1 ) + vitamin shoppe ( 1 ) + vujade ( 1 ) + web site ( 1 ) + website ( 13 ) + welcome ( 1 ) + white ( 1 ) + winery ( 1 ) + women ( 1 ) + wordmark ( 3 ) + x- acto ( 1 ) + zagreb airport ( 1 ) + zillow ( 1 ) + zoo ( 1 ) + zuma ( 1 )
Brand New Job Board Powered by Brand New Job Board Powered by Coroflot
Books about logo design , the designers that create them and the meaning of branding .
Brand New Classroom , is a division of UnderConsideration , providing a space for critique and opinions on student identity work
Brand New Classroom is run with Six Apart ’s MovableType 6.1
Syndicate / RSS
Feed
Disclaimers
All comments , ideas and thoughts on Brand New Classroom are property of their authors ; reproduction without the author ’s or Brand New Classroom ’s permission is strictly prohibited
Brand New Classroom reserves the right to delete any comment deemed offensive or unnecessary
Contact
By all means , please
Official Website For The KO NATION Official Website For The KO NATION Official Website For The KO NATION
Australia 's Prime Minister Kevin Rudd waves to members of the public in Melbourne March 31 , 2010 .
Australia is to create a new government post of minister for population tasked of developing an official population strategy , Rudd said on Saturday .
REUTERS / Mick Tsikas
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - Australia is to create a new government post of minister for population tasked of developing an official population strategy , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said on Saturday .
Tony Burke , currently minister for agriculture , forestry and fisheries , will add the new job to his current portfolio , Rudd said .
The new strategy is expected to take 12 months to develop .
Recent estimates have suggested Australia ’s population could grow by more than 50 percent to around 35 million in the coming decades , from its current level of around 22 million , fuelled largely by immigration .
This has prompted concerns about whether such an increase is sustainable in the world ’s driest continent .
Rudd said the objective was to look at the challenges and opportunities population growth would bring , examine its likely trajectory , minimise the risks and consider what infrastructure would be needed .
“ The strategy will also seek to address the challenges associated with population growth , including the impact on the environment , water , and urban congestion , ” Rudd said .
An election is due later this year , but Rudd said he hoped development of a population strategy would continue whether the Labour government or conservative opposition won it .
As a former new car salesman , I ’ve found many prospects want the “ lowest price ” confusing it with the “ best deal . ”
Generally , they have n’t done their homework or are in a hurry .
You can be in control and get a great deal .
To help you obtain the very best deal , I ’ve developed the following formula :
C + CD + SB + SD + S + TI + LP + LIR = Great Deal
Buying the Car you really want from a Convenient Dealer with Solid Benefits , excellent Service Department , a Salesman you ’re comfortable with , getting a fair “ Trade In ” combined with a Low Price and Low Interest Rate equals a Great Deal .
To make this happen you need to first do your homework !
Here ’s the process I ’d use to get the best deal on a new car :
1 – Select your new car requirements including price range , dependability , safety , performance , transmission , budget , interior ( cloth or leather ) etc .
2 – Select the brands that meet your requirements .
Research using the Internet , magazines , etc .
3 – Price models online with TrueCar.com and / or Edmunds.com .
You ’ll get MSRP ( Manufacture ’s Suggested List Price ) and Invoice Price ( Actual Sales Department cost minus any manufacturer incentives . )
TrueCar also shows average prices in a “ bell curve ” others have paid .
4 – Next , find the trade - in value on KBB.com ( Kelly Blue Book ) .
Look under “ Used Cars , ” then select Trade - in Value .
Hint : Expect that 99 % are classified as “ Fair ” or “ Good ” condition .
5 – Can you afford the car you want ?
Answer the question , does the cost of this car fit into my budget ?
A rule of thumb is your payment will be about $ 20 per $ 1000 for whatever you borrow .
So , a $ 25,000 car will cost about $ 500 per month .
6 – Giving preference to those closest to you , Call dealerships selling your target vehicle(s ) and ask their salesman ( besides his sparkling personality and price ) why should I purchase from your dealership ?
Write the reasons down .
These may include FREE car washes ; FREE 2 - year service ; fabric protection , on - the - road service , etc .
Hint : Choose dealers with the best offers , who are close enough for you to take advantage of these FREE services .
Hint : Salesmen ask many questions .
In particular they want your name and contact information .
Be firm but pleasant .
Give your first name only , then ask his full name and days and hours he works .
Tell him you ’re interviewing dealerships .
Later , if you like the dealership , you can choose to use or avoid this salesman .
7 – If possible make a definite appointment at your target dealerships to see the exact car you want .
Allow a maximum of 1 - 1/ 2 hours .
If you see a salesman you ’d like to do business with , walk directly up to him , avoiding all other salesmen .
Dealerships may have an “ Up ” system giving you no choice .
If you immediately do n’t like one , ask the receptionist for a different salesman .
Salesmen want to close the deal NOW , so explain you ’re not buying today – just getting acquainted with the salesman , dealership and car .
NEVER discuss price or payment , but get information on any interest rate special .
Note :
You may be the salesman ’s only customer that day , so give him a good opportunity to earn your business with a thorough demonstration , Service Department “ walk through ” and test drive ( black and red cars drive exactly alike . )
Choose a salesperson and give your contact information to them only .
Stick with them , so they get 100 % of your commission .
( Diminished commission by 50 % means poor assistance . )
They will or should follow up with you to see if you ’re ready to buy the car .
Advice : Do n’t avoid the call !
Answer and be completely honest .
He ’s just trying to make a living .
If you ’re going to purchase another car tell him or he ’ll keep calling .
Otherwise , give him your timeline and when the best time to call .
If the salesman shows you a new feature or accessory you really like , re-contact the other dealerships to make certain it ’s available there as well and is included in their price .
8 – From the comfort of your home , get the internet quote from local dealers you ’ve disqualified , including the exact model , color and accessories you want .
Warning :
If you check the Internet Price at your dealer , the Internet Sales Manager ( who has time to give lowest prices – so wo n ’t / ca n’t take time to troubleshoot or explain all the car ’s features – gets the sale and your salesman may get nothing !
Hint :
To check the validity of the price , go to TrueCar.com and Edmunds.com .
9 – Contact your bank , credit union or financial institution to get their loan rate on the car you ’d like to purchase .
You are now armed with the approximate cost of the car and trade - in value .
10 – Call the dealer .
Armed with copies of the best internet quotes from your area , the expected trade - in value from KBB , all the benefits promised , after the 15th of the month , call the 1st choice dealer / salesman for an appointment for car appraisal and purchase the car .
Be very open providing copies of pricing you ’ve been quoted .
Explain that you expect all fees including the Document Fee to be included in the final price .
11 – Make the deal , getting everything in writing including the interest rate before signing the final contract .
( I would n’t worry if the price is a couple hundred dollars higher than the Internet price , because you ’ve got all the other benefits ( demo assistance , prior inspection of the vehicle , lower interest rate , after the sale assistance ) that the Internet salesman rarely offers you .
Naturally , if the price is not even close to the Internet price , they have n’t earned your business .
Note :
All businesses deserve to make a profit , so the owners can give to their favorite charities .
You just do n’t want to be taken advantage of .
If customers take out all the profit , the dealership will close , providing you zero benefits in the future .
If the salesman makes no profit , he gets minimum wage of $ 7 an hour for all the work he did for you .
There are places later in the deal so safe unwarranted fees .
12 – Inspect the vehicle thoroughly making certain it ’s free of scratches , dents and everything works perfectly .
This is you ’re last power position in the deal .
If the car is not perfect , DO NOT proceed to the Business / Finance Office .
13 – The last place for the dealership to make sneaky profit from you is in the Business Office , sometimes known as Finance .
Here , you ’ll get pressured with extended warranties , special coatings , insurance products of all types , and on and on .
Pretty generally , I ’d say do n’t buy anything .
All these have much less value than the price they ask you to pay .
What you want to know is ; what is their interest rate and who is the vendor from whom you are borrowing .
If you ’re not comfortable from the Loaning Agency or the interest rate , you can fall back on the best price from your bank / credit union / lending institution .
Smile .
At this point the Business Manager will generally find a way to lower his interest rate .
C + CD + SB + SD + S + TI + LP + LIR = Great Deal
Congratulations !
You ’ve purchase your new car at a Great Deal , because you ’ve done your homework .
You ’ve bought the Car you really wanted from a Convenient Dealer with Solid Benefits , excellent Service Department , from a Salesman you ’re comfortable with , got a fair “ Trade In ” combined with a Low Price and Low Interest Rate with all the promises in writing .
KEY :
This , however , is not the time to quit .
After happily driving your car for a week or so with no problems , return to the dealership and give your salesman a nice gift for his work on your behalf , such as several dozen homemade cookies , a nice fruit basket , fancy candies , etc .
You are now earning good will from him .
He ’ll bend over backwards to help you with all other issues in the future .
Jim Edwards , a former car salesman , is familiar with the ins and out of the industry .
Jim has spent a majority of his career helping businesses with product planning and strategic marketing .
You can read more from him as his website , EverydayChristianFamily.com .
Add / view comments on this post .
------------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy - related bloggers out there .
Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers ' own , as is responsibility for the content of their blogs .
To contact us about a blogger , click here .
To add or view a comment on a guest blog , please go to the blogger 's own site by clicking on the link above .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Judge Richard Goldstone , talking last October with a group of liberal North American rabbis , explained why he agreed to head the UN ’s investigation of the war in Gaza .
“ I knew , ” he said , “ there would be strong and negative opposition to my doing it on the part of members of the Jewish community and particularly with the government of Israel and its supporters in Israel and the Diaspora .
But I really felt that to live with myself and to live with my own conscience , I could n’t justify having gotten involved in the investigations in many other countries and because I was Jewish refuse to use the same norms and the same principles in relation to Israel .
” I do n’t think there is a single Israeli or Diaspora Jew in a high position of leadership today who understands what Goldstone was talking about .
What he was talking about , plainly and simply , was moral courage .
It ’s not here .
It ’s not what Israel is about , not what Diaspora Jewry is about , certainly not the leadership , and not the followers , either , who want to stay inside the warmth of the consensus .
To be a good , patriotic Zionist Jew today , you have to pour out your wrath on Goldstone .
A “ small man , ” was how President Shimon Peres described him .
An “ evil ” man , a “ traitor , ” was Alan Dershowitz ’s description .
As far as I ’m concerned , neither Peres nor Dershowitz nor any of the legions of other proud , patriotic Zionist Jews who ’ve ganged up on Goldstone are worthy of carrying his briefcase .
He is the absolute best of the Jewish tradition .
He stands up for justice , he stands up for the oppressed and he speaks truth to power – no matter who holds the power and no matter what it costs him .
This is one of the great Jews of our time .
Goldstone is the secular equivalent of a Jewish prophet , and by trying so hard to dishonor him , Israel and the Diaspora Jewish establishment have succeeded only in dishonoring themselves .
LAST WEEK the Zionist and Orthodox Jewish establishment in South Africa stooped to forcing him to agree to stay away from his grandson ’s upcoming bar mitzva in Johannesburg .
( Goldstone now lives in Washington DC . )
The South African Zionist Federation threatened to lead a protest outside the synagogue , so Goldstone , “ in the interest of my grandson , ” announced he would n’t be attending the ceremony .
The machers of the South African Jewish community were pleased .
Avrom Krengel , chairman of the Zionist Federation , said his organization had been duly “ sensitive ” to the bar mitzva boy and his family .
Rabbi Moshe Kurtsag , head of the South African beit din , or religious court , pronounced the outcome “ quite a sensible thing to avert all this unpleasantness . ”
No religious or communal leader of South African Jewry said a word against this abomination .
Neither did any Jewish leader outside South Africa .
Neither did anybody important in Israel .
There were , however , some prominent , independent South African Jews who still knew the difference between right and wrong .
“ If it is correct that this has the blessing of the leadership of the Jewish community in South Africa , it reflects on them rather than on Justice Goldstone .
They should hang their heads in shame , ” said Judge Arthur Chaskalson , retired president of South Africa ’s Constitutional Court .
By the end of last week , the ostracism of Goldstone had backfired .
The story ran in The New York Times , the British papers , all around the world .
The leaders of organized South African Jewry had brought shame on the community , so this week they ’re in damage control mode , suggesting that maybe it was n’t such a good idea , after all , to destroy a kid ’s bar mitzva to get at his grandfather .
I ’m sure that by the end of this week , the South African Jewish machers will have shoved the whole episode down the memory hole .
They ’re very good at this .
So is Israel .
Ever since apartheid ended , South African Jewish officialdom has tried to make everyone forget they ever went along the system , while Israeli officialdom has tried to make everyone forget the special relationship they had with the white regime .
In his book Rivonia ’s Children , Pulitzer Prize - winning reporter Glenn Frankel writes that as Afrikaners began to identify with Israel after the Six Day War , leading to the closest of military / diplomatic relations between the two nations , “ South Africa ’s Jews became increasingly identified with the government and less with its opposition in the liberation movement .
All of this began to unravel with [ Nelson ]
Mandela ’s release , and ended upon his taking office .
In denying their own culpability , many Jews pointed to the fact that their brethren were prominently involved in the anti-apartheid movement ; indeed , some used this to suggest that the Jewish community as a whole had been committed to the liberation cause .
” Israel , likewise , professes to have been against apartheid all along , preferring not to mention that from the mid-’70s , as Frankel writes , “ the two sides began sharing nuclear technology ...
Israeli technicians , engineers and retired military officers increasingly took up places as consultants and planners of the new tribal homelands , the nominally independent puppet states that the Pretoria government created out of rural wastelands .
” None of this is mentioned anymore in polite Jewish company in Johannesburg or Jerusalem .
No , as everyone recalls , we all stood up against apartheid ; as Jews , we had no choice .
One day , if Israel ever ends its tyranny over the Palestinians , it willbe difficult to find a Jew in this country or the Diaspora who eversupported Operation Cast Lead .
It will be difficult to find a Jew inthis country or the Diaspora who ever said a bad word about JudgeRichard Goldstone .
If Israel ever ends its tyranny over the Palestinians , a whole lot ofproud , patriotic Zionist Jews are going to be loaded down , searchingfrantically for the memory hole .
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
SpaceX : Falcon 9 engine test aborted before ignition
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : March 9 , 2010
A ball of orange flame and cloud of black smoke gushed from the base of the Falcon 9 rocket Tuesday afternoon , but the countdown was aborted a split - second before the booster 's nine engines ignited for a crucial ground test .
A flash of orange light appears near the Falcon 9 engines in the moments before Tuesday 's abort .
Credit : SpaceX
The countdown was aborted at about T - minus 2 seconds , just as the rocket 's nine Merlin 1C engines were about to fire for a planned 3.5 - second burn , according to a written statement released by SpaceX , the private sector operator of the Falcon 9 .
" Given that this was our first abort event on this pad , we decided to scrub for the day to get a good look at the rocket before trying again , " the statement said .
" Everything looks great at first glance . "
A SpaceX spokesperson said the company will try for another hotfire test in three or four days .
The cutoff sequence was initiated Tuesday after an unspecified problem with the first stage spin start system , an early step in the engine ignition sequence .
" We encountered a problem with the spin start system and aborted nominally , " the statement said .
" As part of the abort , we close the pre-valves to isolate the engines from the propellant tank and purge the residual propellants .
The brief flames seen on the video are burn off of [ liquid oxygen ] and kerosene on the pad .
The engines did not ignite and there was no engine fire . "
Engineers drained the Falcon 9 rocket propellant tanks and safed the vehicle and launch pad .
" Preliminary review shows all other systems required to reach full ignition were within specification , " SpaceX officials said .
" All other pad systems worked nominally . "
The military - run Eastern Range took part in Tuesday 's countdown , successfully completing holdfire , C - band , S - band telemetry and simulated flight termination system checks .
" We completed helium , liquid oxygen and fuel loads to within tenths of a percent of T - zero conditions , " the SpaceX release said .
The rocket passed all tests until the countdown was called off at T - minus 2 seconds , according to SpaceX .
Workers will complete inspections Tuesday night and review data from the test Wednesday .
SpaceX will also replenish the pad 's supplies of kerosene fuel , liquid oxygen and TEA - TEB ignition source , according to the statement .
SpaceX planned to fire the nine Merlin 1C engines up to full power -- more than 800,000 pounds of thrust -- for about 3.5 seconds to verify the 15 - story rocket and its associated ground systems were ready for flight .
The Falcon 9 rocket has spent the last two weeks on the pad at Cape Canaveral 's Complex 40 undergoing testing in preparation for the static fire , which is considered a major milestone in the booster 's development .
Earlier tests included a practice countdown Feb. 26 , during which the SpaceX launch team loaded kerosene and liquid oxygen propellants into the rocket .
SpaceX will not discuss a specific target launch date for the new vehicle , but the Air Force says the mission is booked on the range for March 22 .
SpaceX officials say the launch is more likely to occur some time in April .
The 154 - foot - tall rocket is the cornerstone of SpaceX 's efforts to design , build and launch new vehicles to carry pressurized cargo , and perhaps astronauts , to the International Space Station .
A test unit of the company 's Dragon capsule is bolted to the top of the Falcon 9 currently on the launch pad .
The Dragon is SpaceX 's unmanned cargo freighter that could visit the space station on a test flight by the end of 2010 .
Schedules call for the Dragon to make its first operational flight for NASA in 2011 .
But the Falcon 9's debut launch is purely a demonstration mission for SpaceX , and the company did not provide updates during Tuesday 's engine test .
The inaugural Falcon 9 flight will place the Dragon spacecraft in a circular orbit about 155 miles high .
The empty Dragon will remain attached to the Falcon 9 second stage after achieving orbit .
SpaceX released this view of the base of the Falcon 9 rocket moments before the planned ignition .
The green color under the rocket is from the TEA - TEB ignition source .
Credit : SpaceX
Once the hotfire is successfully accomplished , engineers will install the rocket 's flight termination system charges that would destroy the vehicle if it flew off course and threatened the public .
SpaceX was awarded a $ 1.6 billion NASA contract in December 2008 for up to 12 operational Falcon 9 and Dragon launches with logistics for the space station .
Orbital Sciences will conduct nine resupply flights of its Taurus 2 and Cygnus vehicles launching from Wallops Island , Va .
The Falcon 9 and Dragon are positioned to carry future astronaut crews to the outpost under NASA 's proposal to solicit commercial providers for human transportation to low Earth orbit .
Other rockets , including the Atlas 5 , Delta 4 and Taurus 2 vehicles , could also bid for commercial crew contracts .
SpaceX says the Falcon 9 and Dragon can be modified to safely deliver astronauts to space by 2013 , or about two - and - a - half years after winning a contract .
Capcom acknowledged that copy protection in the PS3 version of Final Fight : Double Impact requires an always - on Internet connection to play the game , and apologized that a notice of such DRM was not given at the time of purchase .
Advertisement
PS3 users who downloaded the bundle of 1990s arcade classics noticed that the game quits completely if the console loses its connection to the PlayStation Network - whether in single - or multiplayer .
Capcom faced outrage over the restriction on its own community forums .
In a statement today , the publisher apologized " for the issues consumers are having . "
But the solution it is working on with Sony Computer Entertainment America involves providing notice of the DRM in the game 's description page on the PlayStation Store in North America and Asia , not removing or altering the DRM .
Advertisement
" The DRM requirements for Final Fight : Double Impact are not unique to this release , " Capcom said .
" This protection mechanism has been implemented in numerous games offered on the PlayStation Store before . "
Capcom did not respond immediately to a follow - up question asking what previous games required a constant connection .
Earlier this week , however , a user on an IGN forum posted a response he said came from a Capcom admin responding to his complaint .
The admin said the DRM was a " limitation of the Sony network " and its inclusion on Final Fight : Double Impact was meant " to combat the rampant ' PSN Sharing ' that has been going on over the last year . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" We are not committed to do this with all titles moving forward but the only way to evaluate impact was to try it with one title first , " the admin wrote .
During last week 's iPhone leak saga , Steve Wozniak , co-founder of Apple , reached out to us with a story :
The morning of the iPad launch , an engineer showed Woz an iPad for two minutes .
For this he was fired .
It 's a story that paints Apple as many people already see the company : ruthlessly secretive , and even vindictive .
It also sheds some light on the story of Gray Powell , an Apple engineer whose breach of secrecy was at once less intentional , more severe and infinitely more public — until now .
In the words of Woz :
*** I do n't know anything for real about this iPhone issue , from Apple 's perspective .
Was the engineer not allowed to have this iPhone out of the secure areas ?
I do n't know .
Was he / she not allowed to use this iPhone outside and be seen with it ?
I do n't know .
It appears that no features , nothing that made it a new iPhone were shown to others , thankfully , by the engineer .
The later analysis by Gizmodo has some interesting points but none that are total shockers .
I believe ( and have heard ) that the engineer who lost his iPhone 4G has not been fired .
Perhaps the case was examined on an individual basis and determined not to have been one of violating Apple policy too much or not one where Apple was injured sufficiently .
I 'm glad for now .
I hate to see people lose their jobs ever .
But I can tell you that the test engineer who showed me an iPad after midnight , for 2 minutes , during the iPad launch was indeed fired .
I opted to spend 2 minutes with Numbers on this iPad , trying some stunts I 'd seen on Apple 's website demo video .
I was not told that it was a 3G model and I had no way to know that .
I was told that this engineer had to wait until midnight to show it outside of Apple 's secure area .
And I 'm an Apple employee who he was showing it to .
My guess is that he was allowed to take the iPad outside of the secure area but still not supposed to show it .
I myself never prod Apple friends into saying things about unreleased Apple products .
I 'm not in the group where early knowledge equates to value .
I do n't play the rumor mill game .
So I had little interest in seeing this iPad beyond a couple of minutes .
In my opinion , Apple was not hurt by my being shown this iPad .
And if the employee who showed it to me believed that he could show it after April 3 , then that 's another factor .
I did describe this to Steve Jobs the night of the iPad introduction and he said " so it 's no big deal . "
We talked about family things after that for a short while .
But that engineer did get fired .
I 'm sure that Apple HR told the engineer that it was because everyone in that same situation gets fired .
Does that jive with this iPhone situation ?
What am I missing here ?
Product secrecy is good for Apple and should be strictly enforced , but maybe 10 % of niceness and 90 % of strictness is OK too .
UPDATE : Woz has been gracious enough to hang around the comments .
Of the engineer ( A.J ) , he says :
I never knew him before .
He resembled myself and Steve Jobs when we were that age , and my younger son who programs for NASA .
He 's a kind of person I would always enjoy talking with .
A.J. said that he had an email allowing his team to use the iPad outside of secure areas on April 3 ( after midnight , which A.J. waited for ) .
I was surprised but he had an email .
If I 'd known it was a 3G model , which I did n't , I probably would have saved his job by telling him he can't show it .
And he only showed it to me ( and a few people who read Gizmodo ) .
*** Editor 's Note : Does it jibe ?
It 's hard to say .
The mystery engineer and Gray Powell both made mistakes , but neither employee meant any harm .
That much is clear .
And looking at Steve Wozniak 's story , it seems that Gray Powell ( evidently ) was n't fired because he did n't " leak " the phone , per se .
He had no malice , or even intent .
He did n't break his NDA .
It was just a mistake .
On the other hand , Apple engineers who leak information and break their NDAs do it intentionally .
They filter the information knowing that they are breaking their NDAs , betraying the confidence of their employer .
That 's probably why this guy got fired on the spot .
It 's Steve Jobs ' honor code .
Like Michael Corleone's : A mistake can be forgiven , but he would kill his own brother for betraying the family .
It does n't seem to matter that the act was harmless .
More than leniency and humanity , respect for secrecy is sewn deeply into Apple 's culture .
You want to be able to trust your employees , especially at a company for which surprise is a sales tool .
But without Steve Wozniak , there would be no iPad .
There would be no Apple as we know it today .
A culture where you can't show someone like that a new product , hours before it was to be unveiled , is n't a culture of innovation — it 's a culture of fear .
— JH
The author of this post can be contacted at tips@gizmodo.com
The climate data wars have taken a new turn .
A leading British university has been told it must release data on tree rings dating back more than 7000 years to an amateur climate analyst and climate sceptic .
The ruling , which could have important repercussions for environmental research in the UK , comes from the government ’s deputy information commissioner Graham Smith .
In January he caused consternation at the height of the “ climategate ” affair by criticising the way that the University of East Anglia in Norwich , UK , handled sceptics ’ requests for data from its Climatic Research Unit .
Now , following a three - year dispute between banker and climate sceptic Doug Keenan and Queens University Belfast , Smith has told the university to hand over to Keenan the results of its 40 - year investigation of Irish oak - tree growth rings .
The ruling sends a strong signal that scientists at public institutions such as universities cannot claim their data is their or their university ’s private property .
Advertisement
Intellectual property
The researcher whose work is now public property , palaeoecologist Mike Baillie , says : “ Sets of measurements made using personal expertise and involving specialised decision - making are no longer regarded as intellectual property .
In future any scientist researching on any topic which can be regarded in any way as ‘ environmental ’ must live under the threat that they can be made to hand over their measurements . ”
Keenan says he believes the Irish data could bolster the sceptics ’ case that a thousand years ago there was a widespread medieval warm period on Earth not unlike current warming .
But last year Baillie and his colleague Ana Garcia - Suárez published a study showing that Irish oak growth rings are a good proxy for summer rainfall , but not for temperature .
Keenan is one of a number of climate sceptics who have submitted freedom - of - information requests to the beleaguered Climatic Research Unit over the past few years .
According to the British newspaper Financial Times , all those who submitted such requests are now being interviewed by police as part of a police investigation into who acquired and published a file of the unit ’s emails last November , sparking the climategate controversy .
The Financial Times reports that one of its readers , businessman and climate sceptic Sebastian Nokes , has been interviewed by police , who asked about his political and scientific opinions .
Journal reference : Dendrochronologia , vol 27 , p 183
Bombastic , penny - pinching Councillor Rob Ford has quickly surged into second place in Toronto ’s mayoral race , within striking distance of frontrunner George Smitherman , according to a Toronto Star - Angus Reid poll .
“ Rob Ford has reshuffled the deck , ” mostly at the expense of a stalled Rocco Rossi , said Jodi Shanoff , senior vice president of Angus Reid Public Opinion .
The online poll of 413 Torontonians , conducted between last Thursday and Monday , puts Smitherman at 34 per cent support , followed by Ford at 27 per cent ; Joe Pantalone at 14 per cent ; Rossi at 13 per cent ; Sarah Thomson at 7 per cent ; and Giorgio Mammoliti at 3 per cent .
Two per cent chose other candidates .
The margin of error is plus or minus 4.8 per cent , 19 times out of 20 .
Despite the startling surge by Ford — best known for spending his own money on his council office budget and for embarrassing public outbursts —
Shanoff cautioned that a full 51 per cent of respondents are undecided .
With more than six months until the election , “ the field is still open . ”
“ I get the impression that the slate ( of candidates ) has crystallized .
That said , anything can happen , as this mayoral race has taught us so far . ”
Ford , who registered as a candidate March 25 and drew 1,600 people to a campaign launch party the next night , has filled a vacuum in the race on the right side of the political spectrum , Shanoff said , while Smitherman and Rossi duke it out on the centre - right .
“ Right now , Rob Ford is a serious contender , ” she said .
“ Depending on what he has to say , and frankly how he deals with the attacks that undoubtedly are coming from Smitherman and others , those can either expose him for the not - so - serious candidate that the Toronto Life crowd takes him to be , or he can rise to the challenge and really galvanize his spot as a serious contender . ”
The biggest disappointment in the numbers is for Rossi , a former executive and Liberal Party fundraiser who bounded from obscurity with a big speech and lots of policy in late January and has framed the discussion so far on issues including bike lanes .
His 13 per cent support is down by 2 points from a mid-January Star - Angus Reid poll .
“ Whatever potential Rocco Rossi had to occupy the right , the wind has been taken out of those sails now , ” Shanoff said .
“ Ford is there and Rossi ’s numbers are really suffering .
He has n’t picked up any ground since his announcement . ”
Smitherman ’s support also dropped from the January poll , by 10 points , but Shanoff said the pugnacious former deputy premier wo n’t be surprised , given the relatively quiet , “ powder - dry ” nature of the campaign so far .
“ He ’s in a very safe position and this , compared to the 44 per cent we had him at a couple of months ago , does n’t really signal that the wheels are coming off . ”
That Smitherman ’s campaign manager quit during the polling period is “ inside ball ” and likely had no effect on the poll , Shanoff added .
The bump that Deputy Mayor Joe Pantalone seemed to get from Adam Giambrone ’s withdrawal from the race — as another left - wing member of council — and from hiring renowned campaign manager John Laschinger is apparently real .
Early campaigning on a platform of continuing the legacy of Miller , who has focused on transit and environmental initiatives , boosted his support by 9 points since the January poll .
He seems set for a “ slow climb , ” Shanoff said .
“ He ’s neck - and - neck with Rossi , ” and , if some voters get spooked by the possibility of having to say “ Mayor Rob Ford , ” Pantalone is the most likely to get their votes .
“ I think Pantalone is clearly different from Rob Ford in ways that the city has n’t yet determined that George Smitherman is different from Rob Ford , ” Shanoff said .
Lingering in the basement are Women ’s Post publisher Thomson , campaigning on the expansion of Toronto ’s subway system , and Mammoliti , a councillor with an usual platform that includes giving Toronto a red - light district and exempting senior citizens who earn less than $ 65,000 from property taxes .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ Thomson is still at the bottom of the pack , regardless of how interesting she might be or how engaging her ideas , ” Shanoff said .
Giorgio Mammoliti has had some strange ideas but they have n’t really gone anywhere , so I do n’t think anybody has really picked up on him as a candidate .
He ’s pretty stalled at this point . ”
My conversation with Inskeep got me interested in trying to better understand and explain the variation in homeownership across America and also to see to what degree these differences are tied to social and economic factors that are reshaping its economic geography .
We use a simple gauge of homeownership -- the percentage of owner - occupants in a region .
Our data are from the 2008 American Community Survey and cover 339 U.S. metropolitan regions .
The map ( immediately above ) -- prepared by the Martin Prosperity Institute 's Zara Matheson -- shows the striking variation in the rate of owner - occupancy across U.S. metros .
On average , roughly 68 percent of Americans who live in metro areas own their own homes .
But the variation ranges from more than 80 percent ( 81.7 percent ) on the high - end to less than half ( 49.3 percent ) on the low end .
Among large metros -- those with more than one million people -- more than seven in 10 people own their homes in Minneapolis - St. Paul ( 74.2 percent ) , Detroit ( 74.1 percent ) , St. Louis ( 72.9 percent ) , Birmingham ( 72.8 percent ) , Pittsburgh ( 71.7 percent ) , Philadelphia ( 70.5 percent ) , Louisville ( 70.4 percent ) , and Tampa ( 70.3 percent ) .
On the other hand , the lowest rates of homeownership are found in Los Angeles ( 51.9 percent ) , greater New York ( 53.7 percent ) , San Diego ( 56.7 percent ) , San Francisco ( 57.6 percent ) , Las Vegas ( 58.9 percent ) , Austin ( 60 percent ) , and San Jose ( 60.7 percent ) .
College towns also have relatively low rates of homeownership -- like , for example , College Station ( 52.1 percent ) , Ithaca ( 52.9 percent ) , Ames ( 55.9 percent ) , and Corvalis ( 56.1 percent ) .
But what might underlie these patterns ?
What factors might be associated with regional differences in homeownership ?
And , more importantly , in what ways does homeownership reflect the broader forces that are reshaping America 's regions ?
With help from Charlotta Mellander , I was able to take a reasonably close look .
We performed a simple correlation analysis and ran a series of scatter - graphs between homeownership and key regional demographic and economic factors .
We did this for all 300 - plus U.S. metros and for the 46 large metros ( again , those with more than one million people ) .
As usual , I note that our analysis points to association between variables only .
It does not imply causation , and other factors may complicate the picture .
Our findings are interesting and challenge the conventional wisdom on several fronts .
First of all , homeownership is much more common where houses are cheaper .
We found a negative correlation between owner - occupancy and housing prices .
The correlation was -.37 for all metros and a whopping -.67 for large metros .
Even more striking perhaps is the relationship between homeownership and the level of economic development .
The association here is negative .
That is , more people own their own homes in places where incomes , wages , and economic output are lower .
Homeownership is negatively related to economic output ( which we measure as gross metropolitan product per person ) .
The correlation is -.16 for all metros and -.28 for large metros .
It is also negatively related to incomes with a correlation of -.36 for large metros .
And , homeownership is negatively related to wages :
The correlation is -.18 for all metros and even higher for large metros ( -.35 ) .
VENICE , Louisiana ( Reuters ) - The U.S. government scrambled on Friday to ward off an environmental disaster that could cost billions of dollars as a huge oil spill reached coastal Louisiana , imperiling wildlife , shellfish beds and beaches .
With oil gushing unchecked from a ruptured undersea well off Louisiana , President Barack Obama ’s administration heaped pressure on London - based BP , the majority owner of the blown - out well , to do more to stem the flow and contain the spreading slick .
Crude oil is pouring out at a rate of up to 5,000 barrels ( 210,000 gallons or 955,000 liters ) a day .
Forecasters predict the spill will soon invade the coastlines of Mississippi , Alabama and northwest Florida .
So far , efforts to stop the flow of oil have failed .
If unchecked , it will take about 50 days for the leak to eclipse the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill in Alaska , the worst U.S. oil spill , which sent 10.8 million gallons ( 49 million liters ) of crude oil into Alaska ’s Prince William Sound .
The accident forced Obama to put on hold politically sensitive plans to expand offshore U.S. oil drilling , which he unveiled last month , partly to try to win Republican support for climate change legislation .
Obama said domestic oil drilling remained an important part of the U.S. energy policy , but insisted it must be done responsibly .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said he told BP to “ work harder and faster and smarter to get the job done . ”
“ We can not rest and we will not rest until BP permanently seals the wellhead and cleans up every drop of oil , ” Salazar said in Louisiana , where Governor Bobby Jindal has declared a state of emergency .
BP PROMISES “ AGGRESSIVE ” CLEANUP
Obama , no doubt mindful of public criticism of President George W. Bush ’s handling of the 2005 Hurricane Katrina disaster , sent top officials to check on the cleanup effort .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano urged BP , whose CEO Tony Hayward promised an “ aggressive ” cleanup campaign , to commit more resources to the operation .
She said two Air Force C-130 aircraft equipped to spray dispersant chemicals on the slick were on their way to the area to join one of the biggest containment operations in history involving several hundred boats and planes .
The Navy was supplying the Coast Guard with inflatable booms and seven skimming systems .
BP ’S Hayward said the company would clean up the oil spill and compensate those affected .
“ We are taking full responsibility for the spill ...
We are going to be very , very aggressive in all of that , ” he told Reuters in an interview .
BP had earlier admitted it was struggling to control the spill , which is 5,000 feet under the sea and asked the Pentagon to help by supplying sophisticated underwater equipment , not available commercially .
There already are signs the spill may be worse than one in 1969 off Santa Barbara , California , which prompted a moratorium on oil and gas drilling off the Pacific and Atlantic coasts -- a ban Obama had said he wanted to modify .
It could take weeks to stop the flow of oil and would require either trapping it and channeling it to a tanker , or drilling a relief well .
In the interim , the Coast Guard deployed booms along parts of the coast to protect the shore .
Jindal , flanked by federal officials at a news conference , said the current boom deployment was “ not effective . ”
“ Weather is one of our biggest challenges .
Wind and waves are up .
Seas are at 6 - 8 feet which can make it difficult to deploy boom , ” said Ayana Mcintosh - Lee , a BP spokeswoman , noting that several booms had been laid on Friday .
Jindal is seeking to mobilize 6,000 National Guard soldiers for security and to help support the response to the oil spill .
“ SHEEN ” OF OIL
Slideshow ( 18 images )
Officials said a “ sheen of oil ” -- edges of the 120 - mile ( 193 - km ) oil slick -- had reached some barrier islands in a Louisiana wildlife reserve on the fringes of the vast Mississippi Delta .
“ So far , it ’s minimal oil that has come ashore but when you look at the wind we have to prepare for the worst ...
If it goes inland it will be massive and out of control , ” Plaquemines Parish President Bill Nungesser told Reuters .
“ There are a lot of angry people right now , ” said Christopher Creppel , 25 , a fisherman in Venice , Louisiana .
“ This will not just put us out of business this year .
It will put us out of business for years to come . ”
Underwater robots failed to activate a cutoff valve on the ocean floor to stop the leak .
BP is hoping to cover the well with a giant inverted funnel that would capture the oil at the sea floor and channel it directly to a tanker ship .
But that would take four weeks to put in place , by which stage over 150,000 barrels could have been spilled .
If the funnel does n’t work , BP will have to try stemming the flow by drilling a relief well , which would take two to three months .
Slideshow ( 18 images )
Fitch ’s Energy Team estimated containment and cleanup costs could reach $ 2 billion to $ 3 billion “ once the leak reaches land , and potentially more , the longer it takes to arrest the flow of oil into the Gulf . ”
The cost to Louisiana ’s fishing industry could be $ 2.5 billion and the impact on tourism along Florida ’s Gulf coast could be $ 3 billion , estimated Neil McMahon , analyst at investment firm Bernstein .
Florida has declared a state of emergency on its Panhandle coastline .
U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder sent a team of lawyers to monitor the oil spill and said the Obama administration would vigorously enforce environmental laws .
“ Those responsible will be held accountable , ” said Salazar , referring to the explosion and sinking of the Deepwater Horizon rig last week that triggered the spill .
The White House said no new areas of offshore oil drilling would be allowed until a review was conducted of the spill .
BP was already working to repair its reputation in the United States after a 2005 blast at a Texas refinery , which killed 15 workers , and a major oil spill in Alaska in 2006 , blamed on corroded pipelines .
The two incidents cost BP billions of dollars and drew scrutiny from U.S. politicians and regulators .
Shares of companies that provided services or operated the sunken Deepwater Horizon drilling rig , including Halliburton Co and Transocean Ltd , fell sharply as worry mounted about liability from the spill .
The Gulf Coast and its marshlands are home to hundreds of species of wildlife , including manatees , sea turtles , dolphins , porpoises , whales , otters , pelicans and other birds .
The Gulf teems with shrimp , oysters , crabs and fish and supports a $ 1.8 billion fishing industry second only to Alaska .
Shrimp fishermen in Louisiana and Alabama have filed a class - action lawsuit against BP , Swiss - based rig company Transocean Ltd , Halliburton and Cameron , accusing them of negligence .
Take what you knew about projecting housing for the last fifty years and throw it out the window .
The big problem with using models post - World War II is that they base growth on a baby boomer population that was the largest affluent middle class cohort known to the world .
That model is now disappearing .
Some point back to the Great Depression but forget to mention that life expectancies in the first half of the 1900s were n’t that fantastic .
So you had a population that was constantly churning and emptying out homes that many had paid down .
Yet after World War II the Levittown model of housing took hold with suburban life being the driving force of future home building .
When linked up to cheap oil and 30 year fixed mortgages this seemed to be a good balance for entry into the middle class .
Those days are seemingly no longer here .
This is n’t to say that our best days are behind us .
But if you base excellence on massive consumption , you will be hard pressed to adapt in the new world .
For example , today our birth rate is near replacement levels :
One of the biggest pushes to buy a home was based on the “ household formation ” stages .
But many Americans are now delaying this stage .
Part of it has to do with shifting values but another cause is more practical .
People do n’t want to start a family in a horrible economy :
“ ( WaPo ) That same survey found that women with low incomes were particularly likely to report postponing having a child .
Nine percent of those earning less than $ 25,000 annually postponed having a child , while only 2 percent of those earning more than $ 75,000 did so .
“ Certainly younger folks have the ‘ luxury ’ of delaying their childbearing in an attempt to hold out for better economic conditions , while older people may feel the press of the biological clock prevents too much of a delay , ” said Gretchen Livingston , a senior researcher at Pew . ”
This is understandable .
But another more hidden reason has to do with the near religious idea that housing is always a great investment .
You have an entirely new generation of Americans who will never believe the hollow mantra that real estate only goes up .
There have even been articles talking about the new American Dream revolving around renting .
Times and motivations change .
Is There Such a Thing as Too Much Homeownership ?
We found out that owning a home should be based on economic fundamentals .
For so long have we lived in this Wall Street bubble machine that people have forgotten what sound lending involved .
People fret about “ high interest rates ” shattering the housing market but back in the early 1980s people were still buying homes with double - digit mortgage rates .
Why ?
Because prices still made sense and people came in with a down payment .
Today , we still have a market artificially being pumped up by the Federal Reserve .
Wall Street would like you to believe that things are so complex that only a Ph.D. can understand what is going on and therefore we warrant complex securities .
Nonsense .
We had over 150,000,000 Americans in 1950 and somehow boring banking and lending seemed to work .
And we certainly did n’t have a financial crisis like the one we just had that was the worst since the Great Depression .
We reached the apex of homeownership in this bubble and are quickly reversing course :
Source : The Urban Land Institute
69 percent was the absolute upper - bound range .
And keep in mind what it took to get there .
This involved using every toxic mortgage product imaginable and actually creating rampant accepted fraud where people did n’t even verify incomes .
In fact , we had a period where you could structure a housing deal where you received money ( i.e. , cash back deals , 125 % LTV products ) .
Wall Street knew this was the case and fueled the fire over and over so they could structure deals to keep the casino card game going .
Why ?
Every person that wanted a home with good credit and income had one .
The next group was basically anyone that wanted a home irrespective of income and credit .
The birth of subprime , Alt - A , and other junk .
And these toxic products still linger on bank balance sheets even while they announce record profits :
Source : OCC / OTS
Just look at the amount of active loans .
Nearly 20 percent of active loans fall in the Alt - A and subprime category .
The “ other ” category also has questionable loans .
So total that up and you have roughly 10 million active mortgages that fall in this risky category .
We have yet to work through this .
Banks keep announcing solid profits and putting on a smile for the public but behind closed doors they are keeping their money tight and are churning profits internally for their corporatocracy .
The last thing they are doing is placing a bet on the American people even though they have taken $ 13 trillion in bailouts and handouts .
For all the hype regarding loan modifications most are failing only after a few months :
After 9 months nearly half of modified loans re-default .
And this is what you would expect when 17 percent of the population is underemployed .
How are they going to pay their mortgage ?
The problem of course stems from the inability to pay at nearly any cost .
That is why we have lost over 1 million households since the recession started .
People are moving in with friends , families , and consolidating households .
This too is another reason why new home formation will be lagging in the next few years .
All you need to do is look at those who have their ear to the ground , home builders :
That minor bump is merely the reflective reaction of cheap money trying to do something .
Yet you can see for yourself above that homebuilders are not optimistic about building to meet new demand .
And why should they ?
A large part of the current sales are occurring with existing home sale inventory .
We have plenty of that to last us for years .
The massive concentration of all this debt is put into the hands of a few big banks :
Source : SIGTARP
The top six banks in the U.S. control 60 percent of all banking wealth .
This in a market where 8,000 banks exist .
But that number is dwindling but only because those banks that are able to fail are doing so :
And this year is quickly outpacing 2009 .
So banks are failing yet the too big to fail are turning giant profits even as we have shown , still have the bulk of toxic loans on their books .
At a certain point this has to break and as we saw with the case against Goldman Sachs , even the mere mention of shedding light on banking balance sheets is enough to cause a market tremble .
Why ?
Everyone still understands that toxic debt is still alive and well .
What About Short Sales and Option ARMS ?
There is this hype regarding short sales and how they ’ll be a big factor in today ’s market .
I highly doubt that .
Will we see more ?
Of course .
But not enough to shift the dynamic of the housing correction .
All this will do is push more inventory out :
37,000 completed short sales in the last reported quarter .
Measure that with 128,000 actual completed foreclosures .
Foreclosures still dominate the market .
Until that foreclosure number settles down , the housing market will be in a complete state of flux .
The broccoli of the housing dinner plate , option ARMs is still alive and well .
It is still sitting there , waiting to be eaten after the steak is devoured .
Most of the over 536,000 option ARMs are in housing battered states like California and Florida .
Maybe this is why national attention has fallen by the wayside for this topic but these states should care because it is another shoe to drop .
And the data on these loans gets worse and worse :
34 percent of option ARMs are non-performing .
This is astronomical given that most wo n’t hit their recast periods until 2010 and 2012 .
The data gets worse as time goes along .
There is little reason to believe that these will turn out to be good deals .
You ’ll notice above how the number has quickly fallen .
Part of this is because of foreclosures but another reason involves banks shifting these loans into “ other ” categories like interest only loans but that does n’t make them any better .
It buys more time .
Where Next ?
Mortgages rates will rise and this seems to be an obvious reality that few even factor in :
Current rates are absurdly low because of the Federal Reserve monetizing debt .
They recently completed buying up $ 1.25 trillion in mortgage backed securities .
Why did they have to buy ?
Because no one else would buy this debt at this artificially low rate .
Even as early as 2000 the 30 year mortgage rate was close to 8.5 percent .
With current rates near 5 percent , people fail to understand how big a move back to 8.5 percent would be ( the 40 year historical average is 9 percent ) .
How big is this difference ?
For a $ 300,000 mortgage it works out like this :
@ 5 % PI = $ 1,610 @ 8.5 % PI = $ 2,306 ( a 43 percent increase )
With household budgets running tight , this is a massive jump .
Current rates are unsustainable and by definition something that is unsustainable will change .
Next , you have many baby boomers remaining put because they have now had to reevaluate retirement options .
This was thought to be a new boom for vacation resort areas where many new condos went up .
Yet that vision is n’t coming to pass .
Right now , the market seems to be pushing sales by one person losing their home and another one picking that home up for a price that was unthinkable just a few years ago .
Yet all that does is churn current inventory .
No new home building and move up buying is stagnant .
The trend is rather clear .
Housing is in for a long and hard struggle .
Things are being held together with a thin string right now .
With so many balls in the air , it is hard to envision what breaks the current back of the system .
Wall Street has n’t had any serious reform so there is no reason to believe that things are now somehow better .
In fact , the too big to fail have now gotten even bigger .
They are earning profits from merely stock market voodoo .
The real economy is still languishing and current home data tells us that story in vivid color .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Target Field has not hosted an official Major League game yet , so people are probably wondering :
What 's the policy on lighting up homemade vegetable bongs in the stands ?
Early tests of the system suggest that Dave is not here , man .
Advertisement
A CNN iReport — which is just as good real news , no matter what your journalism professor says — from a concerned old person claims that during the Twins exhibition game against the Cardinals last Friday , a man in his section declared that he would be the first person to smoke marijuana inside the brand spanking new stadium .
Then in the 7th inning , he indeed pulled out a fresh red pepper , carved it into a makeshift bong , then smoked some of God 's green herb right there in his seat .
Mission accomplished .
The worried citizen , who may or may not be a teacher , says he complained to security ( to protect his impressionable " students " ) and when they came to investigate , all the ushers did was give the dude a warning .
No ejection .
No taser .
Not a single mellow harshed .
They did n't even take the pepper away !
Pretty incredible , even for a preseason game .
Advertisement
The report is completely unverified , of course , but there are photos of a man who does appear to be lighting a red pepper on fire .
So unless he was trying to grill his own ballpark fajitas , there are n't a lot of other possible explanations .
What you 're saying then , is that the Metrodome roof was the like The Man trying to keep us down and now we 're like ... free .
Outdoor baseball really expands your mind , you know ?
You only get a warning at Target Field if you smoke weed [ CNN iReport ]
In the USA , if each house swapped three 60W bulbs for ( CFL ) also called Compact Fluorescent Lamps or fluorescent bulbs using one quarter the energy ( 15W ) , and they were used six hours per day , the saving of CO2 emission would be equivalent to putting 3,500,000 cars off the road !
Great !
But are these energy savings so outstanding ?
In fact , each household could make exactly the same energy savings by driving their cars 1.2 miles less per day .
Big deal ?
Source
I planto give you next time some facts about how green are these fluorescent bulbs ( CFLs ) …
Jacques Schonek
This article was reported by Nicholas Kulish , Ellen Barry and Michal Piotrowski , and written by Ms. Barry .
WARSAW — A plane carrying the Polish president and dozens of the country ’s top political and military leaders to the site of a Soviet massacre of Polish officers in World War II crashed in western Russia on Saturday , killing everyone on board .
President Lech Kaczynski’s plane tried to land in a thick fog , missing the runway and snagging treetops about half a mile from the airport in Smolensk , scattering chunks of fuselage across a bare forest .
The crash came as a stunning blow to Poland , wiping out a large portion of the country ’s leadership in one fiery explosion .
And in a chilling twist , it happened at the moment that Russia and Poland were beginning to come to terms with the killing of more than 20,000 members of Poland ’s elite officer corps in the same place 70 years ago .
Either a rotory shaver as shown .
or foil type , both carry out a scissor action , therefore both the rotating cutters and the underside edges of the holes or slots in the foil would need to be sharp .
My shaver is a Broun of the oscillating cutter type .
I apply very fine pollishing compound to the outside of the foil and rub it into the foil holes .
I then run the shaver for about 40 seconds , and keep gently rubbing the compound back into the holes .
Then I remove foil and cutter and carefully clean ; hay presto it shaves like a new one : on that basis , cannot see why the same method and simplicity would not apply to a rotory type , though I have never owned or tried one .
Would be pleased to see the experiences of others .
Welcome to The ODI The ODI is your # 1 Source for TV and Movie Spoilers , News , Previews and More !!
The site is being updated daily .
If you think you have a scoop , then please click on the following button or to browse the site use the drop down menu to select a subject .
The site is being updated daily .
If you think you have a scoop , then please click on the following button or to browse the site use the drop down menu to select a subject .
Select a Subject 100th Episode ( 5 ) 316 ( 7 ) Aaron ( 18 ) Ab Aeterno ( 6 ) Abaddon ( 6 ) ABC ( 58 ) Abigail Spencer ( 1 ) Ace of Cakes ( 2 ) Across the Sea ( 6 ) Action Figures ( 3 ) Adam and Eve ( 2 ) Adam Horowitz ( 2 ) Adewale Akinnuoye - Agbaje ( 2 ) Advertisment ( 1 ) Afterwards ( 3 ) Ajira Airways ( 15 ) Al Trautwig ( 11 ) Alex ( 11 ) Alice in Wonderland ( 2 ) Alternate Ending ( 3 ) Amelia ( 1 ) Amy ( 1 ) Ana Lucia ( 3 ) Anagram ( 1 ) Andrew Divoff ( 1 ) Anna ( 5 ) Annie ( 1 ) Answers ( 1 ) Anthony Cooper ( 1 ) Arzt and Crafts ( 1 ) Ash ( 1 ) Auction ( 2 ) Audio ( 2 ) Austral Air ( 1 ) Awards ( 50 ) Banners ( 1 ) Because You Left ( 11 ) Behind the Scenes ( 7 ) Ben ( 112 ) Bernard ( 3 ) Billboard ( 4 ) Billy Ray Gallion ( 1 ) Billy Smoke ( 4 ) Black Rock ( 5 ) Bloopers ( 3 ) Blu - Ray ( 27 ) Books ( 8 ) Boone ( 5 ) Booth ( 1 ) Bram ( 1 ) Brian K. Vaughn ( 1 ) Bryan Burke ( 1 ) Buried Secrets ( 1 ) Button ( 1 ) Cabin Fever ( 9 ) Caeser ( 3 ) Cake ( 1 ) Calendar ( 1 ) Canton - Rainier ( 2 ) Captain Gault ( 3 ) Carlton Cuse ( 91 ) Carole Littleton ( 2 ) Casmir Effect ( 4 ) Cassidy ( 2 ) Casting News ( 6 ) Celebrity Photos ( 1 ) Chapter 2 ( 7 ) Chapter 3 ( 2 ) Chapter 4 ( 2 ) Chapter 5 ( 2 ) Charlie ( 11 ) Charlotte ( 17 ) Christian Shepard ( 24 ) Christian Shephard ( 1 ) Christiane I ( 3 ) Christmas Eve ( 1 ) Cindy ( 1 ) City Skyline ( 1 ) Claire ( 31 ) Cloverfield ( 1 ) Clue Hunt ( 6 ) Colbert Show ( 2 ) collectibles ( 2 ) Comedy ( 18 ) Comic Con ( 61 ) Comic - Con ( 2 ) Compass ( 1 ) Confirmed Dead ( 9 ) Congested ( 1 ) Connections ( 1 ) Contests ( 20 ) Contract Talks ( 2 ) Convergence ( 1 ) Coolwater ( 8 ) Crash Site ( 1 ) Crossword ( 1 ) CTV ( 8 ) Cuatro ( 1 ) CW ( 1 ) Cynthia Watros ( 1 ) D23 ( 8 ) Damon Lindelof ( 101 ) Dan Bronson ( 2 ) Daniel Dae Kim ( 19 ) Daniel Faraday ( 32 ) Danielle Rousseau ( 13 ) Dark Tower ( 1 ) DarkUFO ( 13 ) David ( 2 ) David Letterman ( 7 ) Dead is Dead ( 9 ) Death ( 1 ) DeGroot ( 1 ) Deleted Scene ( 5 ) Desmond ( 58 ) Deus Ex Machina ( 1 ) Dharma ( 35 ) Dharma Lady ( 2 ) Dharma Special Access ( 10 ) Dharma Wants you ( 45 ) Diane Sawyer ( 1 ) Doc Ray ( 2 ) Dominic Monaghan ( 24 ) Dr. Arzt ( 3 ) Dr. Linus ( 7 ) Dr. Marvin Candle ( 7 ) DSA ( 1 ) DVD ( 31 ) DVD Set ( 16 ) Easter Egg ( 15 ) Eddie Kitsis ( 2 ) Edward Mars ( 1 ) EEmilie De Ravin ( 1 ) Eggtown ( 7 ) Eko ( 6 ) Elizabeth Mitchell ( 23 ) Ellie ( 1 ) Eloise Hawking ( 5 ) Elsa ( 2 ) Emilie De Ravin ( 17 ) Emmys ( 32 ) Empire Magazine ( 1 ) Enhanced Episode ( 3 ) Entertainment Weekly ( 27 ) Episode 4x02 ( 10 ) Episode 4x03 ( 8 ) Episode 4x04 ( 8 ) Episode 4x05 ( 9 ) Episode 4x06 ( 8 ) Episode 4x07 ( 6 ) Episode 4x08 ( 8 ) Episode 4x09 ( 9 ) Episode 4x10 ( 6 ) Episode 4x11 ( 6 ) Episode 4x12 ( 4 ) Episode 4x13 ( 10 ) Episode 5x01 ( 4 ) Episode 5x02 ( 2 ) Episode 5x03 ( 4 ) Episode 5x04 ( 6 ) Episode 5x05 ( 3 ) Episode 5x06 ( 1 ) Episode 5x07 ( 2 ) Episode 5x08 ( 1 ) Episode 5x09 ( 1 ) Episode 5x12 ( 2 ) Episode 5x14 ( 1 ) Episode 5x15 ( 1 ) Episode 5x16 ( 1 ) Episode 6x01 - 02 ( 1 ) Episode 6x03 ( 1 ) Episode 6x04 ( 1 ) Episode 6x05 ( 1 ) Episode 6x09 ( 2 ) Episode Info ( 5 ) Episode Titles ( 1 ) Eric Lange ( 3 ) Erika Olson ( 3 ) Ethan Rom ( 4 ) Evangeline Lilly ( 82 ) Events ( 21 ) Everybody Loves Hugo ( 6 ) EW Panel ( 2 ) Exodus ( 1 ) Expose ( 1 ) Fan Art ( 3 ) Fan Fiction ( 6 ) Fan Video ( 13 ) FAQ ( 1 ) Faraday ( 6 ) Find LOST with Carmel ( 2 ) Find815.com ( 50 ) Firefox ( 1 ) Fisher Stevens ( 1 ) Fix the Circuit Game ( 1 ) Flash Forward ( 4 ) Flashforward ( 10 ) Flight 815 ( 7 ) Flight 815 Location ( 3 ) Follow the Leader ( 5 ) Forum ( 1 ) Four Toed Foot News ( 2 ) Four Toed Foot Statue ( 1 ) Four Toed Statue ( 10 ) Francois Chau ( 2 ) Frank Lapidus ( 8 ) Fredric Lehne ( 1 ) Freighter People ( 6 ) Fringe ( 6 ) Frogurt ( 2 ) Frozen Donkey Wheel ( 2 ) G - Man ( 2 ) G4 ( 1 ) Geronimo Jackson ( 3 ) Giveaway ( 3 ) Goodwin ( 3 ) Grandma Dawson ( 1 ) Grant Bowler ( 1 ) Greg Grunberg ( 1 ) Gregg Nations ( 1 ) Guam ( 1 ) Halliwax ( 3 ) Halloween ( 1 ) Hans Van Eeghen ( 5 ) Hanso ( 3 ) Happily Ever After ( 10 ) Harper ( 6 ) Harrold Perrineau ( 4 ) He 's Our You ( 8 ) Helicopter ( 2 ) Henry Ian Cusick ( 11 ) Hieroglyphics ( 5 ) hieroglyphs ( 1 ) High Noon ( 2 ) Horace Goodspeed ( 3 ) Humour ( 1 ) Hurley ( 67 ) Hurley Bird ( 1 ) Hydra Logo ( 1 ) Ian Sommerhalder ( 4 ) Ilana ( 7 ) Illusion ( 1 ) Instant Dharma ( 4 ) Interview ( 144 ) Interviews ( 25 ) iPhone ( 2 ) Iron Man ( 2 ) Jack ( 85 ) Jack Bender ( 11 ) Jack Shepard ( 22 ) Jacob ( 35 ) Jay Leno ( 3 ) Jeff Fahey ( 2 ) Jeff Jensen ( 2 ) Jeremy Bentham ( 12 ) Jeremy Davies ( 2 ) Jesse Heiman ( 1 ) Ji Yeon ( 9 ) Jimmy Fallon ( 5 ) Jimmy Kimmel ( 46 ) Jimmy Kimmel Live ( 2 ) Jin ( 46 ) Jin's Tombstone ( 2 ) Jin's Watch ( 3 ) JJ Abrams ( 23 ) John Locke ( 10 ) Jon Barrand ( 1 ) Jorge Garcia ( 53 ) Josh Holloway ( 75 ) Jughead ( 11 ) Juliet ( 49 ) Kahana ( 2 ) Karen ( 47 ) Karl ( 3 ) Kate ( 74 ) Keamy ( 10 ) Kelvin ( 1 ) Kevin Johnson ( 5 ) King of the Castle ( 2 ) Kristin ( 7 ) Kwon ( 1 ) LA X ( 17 ) LaFleur ( 8 ) Lamp Post ( 2 ) Lance Reddick ( 2 ) Late Late Show ( 1 ) Libby ( 4 ) LIFE Magazine ( 1 ) Lighthouse ( 6 ) Live Together Die Alone ( 1 ) Locke ( 79 ) Los Angeles ( 1 ) LOST ( 6 ) LOST Ambassador ( 1 ) LOST ARG ( 23 ) LOST Art ( 7 ) LOST Articles ( 1 ) LOST Auction ( 5 ) LOST Bingo ( 1 ) LOST Book Club ( 1 ) LOST Chat ( 28 ) LOST Encyclopedia ( 2 ) LOST Epilogue ( 3 ) LOST Fantasy League ( 6 ) LOST Live : The Final Celebration ( 4 ) LOST Locations ( 1 ) LOST Magazine ( 14 ) LOST memorabilia ( 2 ) LOST Movie ( 2 ) LOST News ( 3 ) LOST Panel ( 1 ) LOST Props ( 2 ) Lost Q and A ( 5 ) Lost Recap ( 56 ) LOST Reference ( 34 ) LOST Soundtrack ( 1 ) LOST University ( 12 ) LOST Untangled ( 5 ) LOST Video Game ( 7 ) LOSTometer Episode Rating ( 13 ) Lostpedia ( 1 ) Madeline Carrell ( 1 ) Magazines ( 18 ) Maggie Grace ( 3 ) Magnum ( 1 ) Malcolm David Kelley ( 1 ) Man in Black ( 22 ) Maps ( 3 ) Mark Pellegrino ( 2 ) Marvel Comics ( 5 ) Matthew ( 1 ) Matthew Fox ( 90 ) Maxim Magazine ( 1 ) Maxwell Group ( 2 ) Meet Kevin Johnson ( 13 ) Meltdown Comics ( 1 ) Men Who Stare at Goats ( 1 ) Men's Health Magazine ( 2 ) Merchandise ( 29 ) Messages from the Island ( 1 ) Mia Furlan ( 1 ) Michael ( 28 ) Michael Eisner ( 1 ) Michael Emerson ( 67 ) Michael Giacchino ( 9 ) Michelle Rodriguez ( 5 ) Mikhail ( 2 ) Miles ( 17 ) Minkowski ( 6 ) Mira Furlan ( 1 ) Miri Novikov ( 1 ) mirror symbolism ( 2 ) Mister Payne ( 3 ) Mittlewerk ( 1 ) Mobisode ( 19 ) Morse Code ( 1 ) Movies ( 1 ) Ms Hawking ( 2 ) Ms. Hawking ( 3 ) Mum ( 1 ) Music Videos ( 4 ) Mysteries ( 1 ) Mystery Tales ( 1 ) Nadia ( 7 ) Namaste ( 11 ) Naomi ( 6 ) Natalie Abrams ( 1 ) Naveen Andrews ( 13 ) Neil Frogurt ( 1 ) Nestor Carbonell ( 9 ) Netflix Live ( 2 ) New Zealand ( 2 ) Newspaper ( 1 ) Nike LOST Shoes ( 1 ) Nikki ( 2 ) Obama ( 1 ) Oceanic 6 ( 24 ) Oceanic Airlines ( 24 ) Oceanic Billboards ( 5 ) Oceanic Hotline ( 1 ) Octagon Global Recruiting ( 52 ) Off - Island TIme ( 2 ) Online Article ( 2 ) Online Content ( 1 ) Operation Sleeper ( 1 ) Orchid Video ( 6 ) Orientation Film ( 2 ) Owen Talbot ( 1 ) Paley Center ( 2 ) Passport ( 1 ) Paulo ( 1 ) Penny ( 16 ) Phil ( 1 ) Photoshoot ( 5 ) Pierre Cheng ( 6 ) Pilot ( 5 ) Podcast ( 102 ) Podcast ( ABC ) ( 12 ) Podcasts ( 8 ) Polls ( 63 ) Popular Mechanics ( 2 ) Port of Suva ( 1 ) Poster ( 2 ) Prediction League ( 1 ) Press Release ( 20 ) Previously on LOST ( 1 ) Production News ( 12 ) Profile Pic ( 1 ) Promotional Photos ( 37 ) Promotional Pics ( 67 ) Quiz ( 1 ) R.G. ( 1 ) Radio Interview ( 5 ) Radzinsky ( 4 ) Randy Nations ( 1 ) Ratings ( 9 ) Rebecca Mader ( 17 ) rec ( 1 ) Recap Show ( 4 ) Recaps ( 11 ) Recon ( 6 ) Regis and Kelly ( 1 ) relationships ( 1 ) Reversed Audio ( 3 ) Richard Alpert ( 24 ) Ringtone ( 2 ) Roma Fiction Fest ( 1 ) Room 23 ( 3 ) Rose ( 4 ) RuckusGuy ( 2 ) Sam ( 17 ) Sam's Cellphone ( 1 ) Sam's Emails ( 4 ) Sam's Radio ( 2 ) Samuel ( 1 ) Santa Rosa ( 3 ) Sawyer ( 71 ) Sayid ( 59 ) Scans ( 2 ) Scar ( 1 ) SciFi Channel ( 2 ) Scream Awards ( 1 ) Screencaps ( 106 ) Sean Furfaro ( 1 ) Season 1 ( 19 ) Season 2 ( 12 ) Season 3 ( 28 ) Season 4 ( 295 ) Season 5 ( 221 ) Season 6 ( 179 ) Season Finale ( 9 ) Season Schedule ( 21 ) Series Finale ( 22 ) Set Photos ( 3 ) Set Video ( 1 ) Shannon ( 4 ) Shannon Burke Show ( 1 ) Site News ( 22 ) Sky One ( 7 ) SkyOne ( 4 ) Smoke Monster ( 29 ) Sneak Peek ( 25 ) So it Begins ( 2 ) Some Like it Hoth ( 6 ) Something Nice Back Home ( 12 ) Songs ( 1 ) Sonya ( 4 ) Sonya Walger ( 7 ) Soundtrack ( 1 ) Speed Racer ( 8 ) Spinoff ( 1 ) Spoilered Perspective ( 1 ) SpoilerTV ( 2 ) Stand Up to Cancer ( 2 ) Star Trek ( 3 ) Station 6 ( 1 ) Stay Cool ( 5 ) Sterling Beaumon ( 2 ) Stitcher ( 1 ) Sun ( 43 ) Sunda Stories ( 1 ) Sunda Trench ( 4 ) Sundown ( 6 ) Sunset on the Beach ( 7 ) Swan Hatch ( 6 ) Talbot ( 2 ) Tania Raymonde ( 2 ) Target Commercials ( 1 ) Tawaret ( 1 ) TCA ( 1 ) TeeFury ( 1 ) Teleconference ( 1 ) Tempest ( 4 ) Temple ( 5 ) Teresa Spencer ( 1 ) Terry O'Quinn ( 19 ) Test ( 5 ) The 6 ( 2 ) The Beginning of the End ( 15 ) The Candidate ( 7 ) The Caves ( 1 ) The Coffin ( 3 ) The Constant ( 13 ) The Deal ( 1 ) The Economist ( 8 ) The End ( 24 ) The Envelope ( 1 ) The Fray ( 4 ) The Hurt Locker ( 1 ) The Incident ( 10 ) The Island ( 2 ) The Last Recruit ( 6 ) The Lie ( 12 ) The Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham ( 12 ) The Lighthouse ( 1 ) The Little Prince ( 8 ) The Lost Experience ( 1 ) The Man in Charge ( 1 ) The Mystery Box ( 1 ) The Myth of LOST ( 1 ) The New Man in Charge ( 2 ) The Numbers ( 15 ) The Orchid ( 8 ) The Other Woman ( 11 ) The Others ( 2 ) The Package ( 4 ) The Shape of Things to Come ( 14 ) The Substitute ( 9 ) The Swan ( 1 ) The Temple ( 3 ) The Transmission ( 1 ) The Variable ( 9 ) The View ( 1 ) theories ( 2 ) There 's No Place Like Home ( 39 ) Things You Never Noticed About LOST ( 2 ) This Place is Death ( 7 ) Through the Looking Glass ( 4 ) Thunderbolts Comic ( 1 ) TIME ( 3 ) Time Difference ( 4 ) Time Travel ( 10 ) Titus Welliver ( 1 ) TMZ ( 1 ) Tom ( 6 ) Trailers ( 123 ) Tropical Depression ( 1 ) TV appearance ( 2 ) TV Explained : LOST ( 1 ) TV Guide ( 33 ) TVB ( 1 ) Twitter ( 6 ) UK ( 8 ) underworld ( 1 ) V ( 1 ) Vanity Fair ( 1 ) Vantage Point ( 2 ) Via Domus ( 5 ) Video ( 85 ) Video Diary ( 3 ) Vincent ( 6 ) Vozzek ( 35 ) Walt ( 11 ) water symbolism ( 1 ) WGA Strike ( 8 ) What Kate Does ( 10 ) What They Died For ( 4 ) Whatever Happened Happened ( 6 ) When We Were Pirates ( 1 ) Whispers ( 7 ) Widmore ( 27 ) Widmore Corp ( 1 ) William Mapother ( 1 ) Wolverine ( 1 ) World of Warcraft ( 1 ) Wrap Party ( 1 ) Yunjin Kim ( 10 ) Zune ( 1 )
This is more of a local interest than anything .
This one was found at an Athens Public Library book sale ( which everyone should visit and buy many , many cheap books ) and the bookmark is an old portrait of Ohio University , the middle building being Cutler Hal .
No idea as to the date though .
The European Parliament delivered a political blow to Hollywood and the Obama administration , voting Wednesday 663 to 13 in opposition to a proposed and secret intellectual property agreement being negotiated by the European Union , United States and a handful of others .
Wednesday 's developments concerning the Anti-Counterfeiting and Trade Agreement are substantial because the European Union 's 27 countries vastly outnumber the remaining countries negotiating the deal .
They are Australia , Canada , Japan , South Korea , Mexico , Morocco , New Zealand , Singapore , Switzerland and the United States .
Ambassador Ron Kirk , the top U.S. trade official , is spearheading the deal that began being crafted under the George W. Bush administration .
Kirk 's office declined comment .
To be sure , there is a dispute and heavy confusion concerning whether internet service providers under ACTA would be forced topunish customers deemed copyright scofflaws by reducing or eliminating service , according to a string of leaked documents .
So parliament members also agreed Wednesday to oppose the measure if it contains so - called " three strikes " or " graduated response " policies – regardless of whether that 's now in the text .
And because of the text 's secrecy , parliament on Wednesday also demanded ( . pdf ) that the private agreement still under negotiation be publicly released .
Whether parliament 's action scuttles ACTA is another matter .
Michael Geist , a law professor at the University of Ottawa , said in a telephone interview that Wednesday 's resolution also OKs more ACTA global negotiations on behalf of the European Union .
Geist said he expects Europe to participate in the next round of ACTA negotiations to get underway April 12 in New Zealand .
European Union leaks months ago portended Wednesday 's vote .
The leaks underscored that European officials were concerned about the ever - changing pact and were unhappy that the United States ' " overarching objective " was to " facilitate the continued development of industry . "
European drafters had said the document needed to " mention culture and individual creators and not only industry . "
In November , meanwhile , the Motion Picture Association of America told the Senate that opponents of ACTA are " actively hostile toward efforts to improve copyright enforcement worldwide . "
( The United States has shown working drafts of the accord to representatives from the MPAA , Recording Industry Association of America , Google and the major software players and even the digital - rights group Public Knowledge .
They all are forbidden from disclosing any information about what they saw . )
For its part , the Obama administration , which has five former Recording Industry Association of America lawyers in the Justice Department , has declared ACTA negotiations a national security secret and has refused to publicly divulge the treaty 's contents .
See Also :
We have three ways to start your career in tech ; training courses with a job guarantee , apprenticeships with great companies and a team of specialist tech recruiters for those who are job - ready .
We are sure we can find the best route into a fantastic tech career for you .
Officials initially seemed to underestimate the threat of a leak , just as BP did last year when it told the government such an event was highly unlikely .
Rear Adm. Mary E. Landry , the chief Coast Guard official in charge of the response , said on April 22 , after the rig sank , that the oil that was on the surface appeared to be merely residual oil from the fire , though she said it was unclear what was going on underwater .
The day after , officials said that it appeared the well ’s blowout preventer had kicked in and that there did not seem to be any oil leaking from the well , though they cautioned it was not a guarantee .
BP officials , even after the oil leak was confirmed by using remote - controlled robots , expressed confidence that the leak was slow enough , and steps taken out in the Gulf of Mexico aggressive enough , that the oil would never reach the coast .
( The NOAA document on a potentially far larger leak , first obtained by The Press - Register in Mobile , Ala. , was described by an agency spokesman as simply a possibility raised by a staff member , not an official prediction . )
Some oil industry critics questioned whether the federal government is too reliant on oil companies to manage the response to major spills , leaving the government unable to evaluate if the response is robust enough .
Image
In this photo released by Greenpeace , a boat on Thursday deployed oil booms along Port Eads , La. , in the Gulf of Mexico .
Credit ...
Sean Gardner / Greenpeace , via Reuters
“ Here you have the company that is responsible for the accident leading the response to the crisis , ” said Tyson Slocum , director of Public Citizen ’s Energy Program .
“ There is a problem here , and the consequence is clear . ”
But it is still the government , in this case the Coast Guard , that has the final say .
A law passed a year after the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster makes " each responsible party for a vessel or a facility from which oil is discharged " liable for cleaning up a spill .
But oversight of the cleanup is designated to the Coast Guard , with advice from other federal agencies .
A wealthy British television presenter has been found dead in an apparent solo sex game gone wrong .
The ex-partner of BBC presenter Kristian Digby found the 32 - year - old dead in his east London home on Monday , the Daily Mail reported .
Found dead ... Kristian Digby .
Credit : Matt Crockett , via Creative Comm
Paramedics arrived at the house about 7.45 am local time and tried to revive the up - and - coming presenter , but were unsuccessful .
A post -mortem examination is expected to determine whether Digby , host of daytime property show , died of suffocation after deliberately restricting his oxygen supply , London 's Daily Telegraph reported .
. APRIL 9-- The Floridian who kicks off this week 's mug shot roundup not only uses her belly to pronounce her ample sexiness , but she also wears fetching ' Scarface ' underwear .
The 27 - year - old was collared Saturday on a probation violation rap .
As for the remaining suspects , a few notes : 1 ) With some time in a tanning bed , the 25 - year - old roofer on page # 6 could be ' Jersey Shore ' material ;
2 ) The 27 - year - old gent with the ' Rage ' lip ink on page # 10 gave his occupation as ' tattoos / trees ' when nabbed Monday for driving with a suspended license ;
3 ) Busted Sunday for assaulting a family member ( and resisting arrest ) , the Texan , 49 , on page # 11 may get the opportunity to fulfill his t- shirt 's prophecy ; and 4 ) The online outfit advertised on the shirt worn by the 51 - year - old perp on page # 16 ( who was popped Monday on an open container charge ) describes itself as a ' true gay twink and straight college man website . ' ( 16 pages )
486 SHARES Share Tweet
One of the key signs that we are in the early stages of an economic collapse and that we are heading towards another Great Depression is America ’s crumbling infrastructure .
The truth is that our infrastructure is literally falling apart all around us .
Thousands of bridges are structurally deficient and there have already been some very high profile collapses .
Over 30 percent of the highways and roads in the United States are in very poor shape .
Aging sewer systems are leaking raw sewage all over the place .
The power grid is straining to keep up with the ever - increasing thirst of the American people for electricity .
There have already been some regional blackouts , and unless something is done quickly things promise to get even worse .
The truth is that a nation ’s infrastructure says a lot about who they are .
So what does America ’s infrastructure say about us ?
It says that we are a rusting , crumbling , decaying leftover from a better , more prosperous time .
Just consider the following facts about America ’s infrastructure from the Pew Research Center website …..
* According to the U.S. Department of Transportation , more than 25 percent of America ’s nearly 600,000 bridges need significant repairs or are burdened with more traffic than they were designed to carry .
* According to the Federal Highway Administration , approximately a third of America ’s major roadways are in substandard condition – a significant factor in a third of the more than 43,000 traffic fatalities in the United States each year .
* The Texas Transportation Institute estimates that traffic jams caused by insufficient infrastructure waste 4 billion hours of commuters ’ time and nearly 3 billion gallons of gasoline a year .
* The Association of State Dam Safety Officials has found that the number of dams in the United States that could fail has grown 134 % since 1999 to 3,346 , and more than 1,300 of those are considered “ high - hazard ” – meaning that their collapse would threaten lives .
* More than a third of all dam failures or near failures since 1874 have happened in just the last decade .
* According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , aging sewer systems spill an estimated 1.26 trillion gallons of untreated sewage every single year , resulting in an estimated 50.6 billion dollars in cleanup costs .
The following are some additional facts from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce ….
* A decaying transportation system costs our economy more than $ 78 billion annually in lost time and fuel .
* The United States must invest $ 225 billion per year over the next 50 years to maintain and adequately enhance our surface transportation systems .
Currently , we ’re spending less than 40 % of this amount .
* U.S. transit systems earned a D+ rating from the American Society of Civil Engineers .
Transit funding is declining even as transit use increases faster than any other mode of transportation – up 21 % between 1993 and 2002 .
* Costs attributed to airline delays – due in large part to congestion and an antiquated air traffic control system – are expected to triple to $ 30 billion from 2000 to 2015 .
* By 2020 , every major U.S. container port is projected to be handling at least double the volume it was designed to handle .
* Throughout the United States , railroads are projected to need nearly $ 200 billion in investment over the next 20 years to accommodate freight increases .
Are you starting to get the picture ?
America ’s aging infrastructure cannot handle the number of people that we have now .
With the population of the United States expected to hit 420 million by 2050 , there are serious questions about how the national infrastructure is going to hold up under such a strain .
Already the infrastructure in many areas of the United States is beginning to resemble that of a third world nation .
The video posted below contains some of the highlights from a History Channel special about America ’s infrastructure from a couple of years ago that highlights many of these problems ….
So can anything be done about America ’s crumbling infrastructure ?
Of course .
State and local governments can spend the money needed to fix and maintain our infrastructure .
But that is not going to happen .
Why ?
Because state and local governments are now facing unprecedented financial shortfalls .
In fact , it is more likely that expenditures on infrastructure will actually be cut .
According to a new report from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , after two years cutting spending on schools , health care , and other public services , U.S. states are preparing to carve even deeper into funding for 2011 .
Of course the U.S. government could step in with necessary infrastructure funding , but considering the state of the U.S. national debt , it seems unlikely that state and local governments will be able to count on much more help from the folks in Washington D.C .
So what does that mean ?
It means that America ’s infrastructure will continue to rust , decay and fall to pieces .
Our grandparents and great - grandparents invested a lot of time , energy and money into building up this great nation , but now we are letting it rot right in front of our eyes .
What do you think that says about us ?
( Newser ) – IHOP and KFC must be in a race to see who can clog the most arteries : the chain has introduced a new breakfast that combines cheesecake with its signature pancakes .
Dubbed " Pancake Stackers , " the decadent dish is two pancakes stacked between crustless cheesecake , topped with a fruit concoction , Slashfood reports , with a " no we 're not joking " note .
( Read more IHOP stories . )
MANY former executives find retirement dull .
But few react like Kuniaki Nozoe , the former boss of Fujitsu , one of Japan 's biggest computer companies .
He stepped down as president in September , but is now demanding that Fujitsu “ nullify ” the resignation .
In a four - page letter sent last month to the board of directors , the 62 - year - old Mr Nozoe claims that he was unjustly forced out without even having submitted a formal resignation .
After a hastily convened board meeting on March 6th , Fujitsu admitted that it had ousted Mr Nozoe due to his association with a person suspected of having ties to organised crime — not for the “ health reasons ” cited at the time .
Such ties could , in theory , get a firm delisted from the Tokyo Stock Exchange ( TSE ) .
But Fujitsu has found itself in trouble with the TSE anyway .
On March 9th the exchange scolded the company for its “ inadequate disclosure ” of the reasons for Mr Nozoe 's departure .
Mr Nozoe , meanwhile , does not really want his old job back or a payout , but rather to have his honour restored , says his lawyer , Kei Hata .
For all its oddities , the row is , at its root , a reflection of the peculiar status of Japanese bosses .
They are often mere figureheads who serve for a short time before handing the baton to other old company hands .
Firms are run by consensus , not individuals .
Indeed , the lifetime employment system makes bosses loth to rock the boat ( and means they have few other job options if they do ) .
So when a board requests a resignation , as it did at Fujitsu , employees loyally fall on their swords .
Bosses then tend to take up ceremonial yet well paid positions as “ senior advisers ” ( such as the one Mr Nozoe himself enjoyed until he started complaining about his ouster ) .
That Mr Nozoe was quietly asked to step down without any proof of wrongdoing is also typical .
The irony is that under Mr Nozoe , Fujitsu was a model of corporate reform .
He actively sought to restructure the bloated company , which has roughly 175,000 employees and around $ 50 billion in annual revenue , but makes meagre profits .
Mr Nozoe accelerated Fujitsu 's drive to shed hardware business and move into services , where margins are better .
He sold Fujitsu 's hard - drive unit to Toshiba , outsourced some chip production to Taiwan 's TSMC , took control of Fujitsu's European joint venture with Siemens and focused the company on cloud computing as a new growth area .
Services now account for over half of sales , though some two - thirds of the company 's revenues are domestic at a time when the home market is stagnant .
Fujitsu is also among the few Japanese firms that has done away with a sprawling board of company insiders in favour of a modest nine directors , three of them independent .
By forcing them to review his departure , Mr Nozoe may help instil one last reform : greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .
The BART Police Department stripped its officers of Tasers on Thursday , days after a sergeant fired the electric darts of his stun gun at a 13 - year - old boy fleeing from police in Richmond on his bicycle , sources told The Chronicle .
BART officials , who said officers would be retrained to use the devices , attributed the decision to the Richmond incident as well as a recent federal court ruling that narrowed the circumstances under which police can use Tasers .
The officials said they could not comment on the Richmond case , citing privacy laws that apply to internal investigations .
Interim Police Chief Dash Butler said only that the incident accelerated plans that were already in progress to retrain officers and update policies on the proper use of Tasers , which BART police began using in December 2008 .
Sources familiar with the matter , however , told The Chronicle that a veteran sergeant in a moving patrol car fired his Taser several days ago at the 13 - year - old boy , who was fleeing from an altercation at BART 's Richmond Station on a bicycle .
The darts missed the boy , said the sources , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
They said the sergeant , who has taught defensive tactics at BART , remained at work but had been removed from street duty .
Butler said the suspension of the Taser program would allow the department to do training that integrates rulings by the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that have already prompted changes at agencies around the Bay Area .
The most pivotal ruling came in December , when the court said a man could sue a Coronado ( San Diego County ) police officer who had stunned him with a Taser to gain compliance after pulling him over for failing to wear a seat belt .
The man was " yelling gibberish and hitting his thighs , " the court said , but did not pose an immediate threat to the officer .
" We were planning on doing this a few weeks down the road , " Butler said of pulling Tasers off the streets , " and ( the Richmond incident ) accelerated it . "
New rules
Butler said BART 's
Taser policy has always barred officers from using the devices to stop fleeing suspects , and will continue to do so .
He said the new policy forbids using a Taser on a minor " unless there 's some exigent circumstances . "
" Let 's say , " he said , " you had a 17 - year - old who was 6 - foot - 4 and 200 pounds and was pounding on an officer and the officer could n't escape .
The officer could use a Taser . "
Butler said BART 's new policy will also forbid officers from pulling and firing Tasers with their strong hand - their gun hand .
When officers resume carrying Tasers , he said , right - handed officers will have to keep the devices on their left hip and deploy them with their left hand .
" The real common sense of it , " Butler said , " is you do n't want to put that device anywhere near the handgun .
Potentially , you could have confusion .
We do n't want that possibility .
Just put them on the weak side . "
Tasers in Grant case
BART 's
Taser program has been under scrutiny since a former officer , Johannes Mehserle , shot and killed unarmed train rider Oscar Grant on Jan. 1 , 2009 , at the Fruitvale Station in Oakland .
Attorneys for Mehserle , who faces a murder trial this summer , say he meant to stun Grant with a Taser and accidentally fired his service pistol .
The Chronicle reported earlier this year that Mehserle had borrowed a Taser and a special holster for the device from a colleague a few hours before the shooting .
At the time , in a cost - saving move , BART forced officers to share both Tasers and holsters .
Mehserle , though , did not adjust his colleague 's holster , a task that would have demanded up to 15 minutes of work with an Allen wrench and a Phillips - head screwdriver .
Instead , Mehserle wore the holster in a way that required him to draw the Taser with his right hand - his gun hand .
But there are indications Mehserle was accustomed to a left - handed draw for a Taser .
A source familiar with his training said that 's the way he preferred to wear it .
John Burris , an attorney representing Grant 's family , said Thursday that if an officer fired at a fleeing teenager on a bike , " that 's outrageous .
I can't imagine there 's a justification for that use of force .
You create undue danger that the person may fall off the bicycle , and either hit someone else or be killed . "
Burris called the temporary suspension of the Taser program " a very positive step " for BART .
Burris said , " It 's important that this retraining take place before someone else is seriously injured or killed . "
This recession did change spending , at least for a few months .
When the recession hit Americans had a negative savings rate , the first time ever we had the ability to spend more than we actually brought in .
As the recession progressed , Americans did start saving and we took the personal savings rate to 6 % ( this may sound low but it is much better than 0 ) and with this we were back to the early 1990s savings rate .
Yet that has n’t lasted .
The savings rate is now below 4 percent and retail spending is now up strongly .
Given the balance sheet for most middle class Americans this is not a good sign but shows the “ spend until you go broke mentality ” is alive and going strong .
But part of this is largely engineered by the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury .
Let us look at the personal savings rate and retail spending for the last 20 years :
The savings rate has been trending to the negative side for many years so that trend is unmistakable .
Retail spending has always been growing yet as you will notice on the chart above , the only major dip came from this current recession .
Why ?
Because other recessions did not impact credit ( debt ) to the level of this recession .
This recession cut at the core of the banking debt machine that was fueling our economy for decades .
Americans were spending each and every dollar that was coming in .
Yet at the same time , the Federal Reserve was harming those who were looking for safe saving avenues like CDs or even government bonds :
Source : Bankrate
Now keep in mind that even in 2000 , these money market rates were up to 5 or 6 percent depending on what bank you kept your money in .
The Federal Reserve has made it so unattractive to save , that many Americans changed their habit of saving even in the middle of the Great Recession .
In a way , it is merely the public doing what the Fed wants them to do .
The Fed would like everyone to spend every penny that comes in each payday even though this is counter to becoming financially secure .
In the past , using debt for leverage was a cautious enterprise but today every important financial decision does not require any savings .
Let us go through some major life purchases to show you this .
Buying a Car
The term for buying a car with nothing down is “ 100 % financing . ”
This was extremely common during the credit bubble but seems to be back in focus today .
The Fed puts out monthly data on this :
At the height of the mania in 2007 , Americans were able to finance a car up to 95 loan - to - value on average .
Keep in mind many dealers were offering zero down and the average amount financed was $ 28,287 over five years .
Today , after the massive credit crisis Americans can leverage up to 90 percent of the car purchase price and take on a $ 28,040 loan at 4.7 percent .
And many dealers will allow you to use a variety of sources for that 10 percent down ( i.e. , getting a $ 2,800 cash advance on your credit card ) .
They wo n’t say this but many do it like this .
In other words , zero down is still very much a possible deal .
Buying a car is the second biggest purchase Americans will make and as you can see , if you wanted to buy a car today , even up to $ 28,000 and you are middle class with no savings this is something that is very doable .
In fact , the way the Fed is artificially keeping rates low it would seem that this is something they want you to do .
Buying a Home with Little Down
Many Americans now think that the housing market has somehow stabilized because loan requirements have become much tougher .
That is true to a certain degree but low money down mortgages are equally as dangerous .
Sure a 3.5 % down FHA insured loan wo n’t blow up in your face like a nothing down option ARM that recasts with a vengeance and sends your payment from $ 1,500 to $ 3,500 , but having a big down payment is n’t necessary .
Nearly four out of ten homes bought in the U.S. last month were insured through the FHA .
The FHA does n’t fund the actual loan but insures the funds .
Which as we have learned with credit default swaps and AIG , insurance is n’t always the most secure line of business .
The median home price in the U.S. today is $ 170,000 .
How much would you need saved up to buy a home at this price ?
The FHA provides a link to Ginnie Mae with a calculator to see how much home you can afford .
We ’ll assume you make the median annual household income of roughly $ 50,000 , have a $ 300 car payment and nothing else ( which of course is not the case ) :
For the FHA insured loan , all you would need is $ 6,190 for a down payment and closing costs .
As we know today , many sellers are anxious and some will even cover that closing cost portion .
Add in the $ 8,000 tax credit that is soon to expire , and you basically bought a home for nothing down .
This is why the housing market has supposedly stabilized over the last year .
We ’ve brought back similar lending that brought on the housing bubble in the first place .
Sure , we are checking your income but is that really performing due diligence ?
I ’ve heard lenders say , “ well now , we actually check income ” as if this was somehow the new vault at the bank .
And what a shock that FHA insured loans are now defaulting in record amounts :
“ ( WSJ ) Defaults on home mortgages insured by the Federal Housing Administration in February increased from a year earlier .
A spokesman for the FHA said 7.5 % of FHA loans were “ seriously delinquent ” at the end of February , up from 6.2 % a year earlier .
Seriously delinquent includes loans that are 90 days or more overdue , in the foreclosure process or in bankruptcy . ”
When you have no skin in the game , there is little reason to stay .
This is a clear lesson we have learned with this bubble .
If you had to save say one , two , or even three years to buy your home with a 20 percent down payment as it was in the past , you did everything possible not to lose your home .
You also came in with a 20 percent cushion if you ever needed to sell .
In that time , you also demonstrated to the lender that you had the ability to live within your means to pay your mortgage .
Today , with Wall Street turning our economy into a casino and taxpayers bailing everything out , what do they care if you default ?
The taxpayer ( aka you ) will end up paying for it .
We are simply setting ourselves up for round two since no real reform has occurred .
Credit Card Debt
Banks have tightened up on credit cards .
Even as the Fed has given banks the access to cheap money , banks are now gouging customers with high rates just because they can do it :
Even today with the Fed lending money out to banks at zero percent , the average credit card annual rate is over 14 percent .
How is this helping consumers ?
Was n’t this the supposed reason why banks needed trillions of dollars in easy capital ?
So this is what is happening ; in housing since 99 percent of the market is there because of government backing up mortgages , lenders are willing to lend whatever they can at whatever terms they can get since it is n’t there money .
But with credit cards , since this will impact their bottom line more directly they are now turning the screws tighter because Americans with a 16.9 percent underemployment rate are having a harder time making their payment .
So it is easier to purchase a $ 170,000 home than it is to charge up your credit card for a $ 1,000 flat screen .
Credit card debt has contracted in this recession from $ 970 billion to approximately $ 850 billion .
This would be good if it happened without trillions in government funds .
This would have happened anyway .
So what incentive do Americans have to save ?
Access to debt is still very much largely there .
The only thing is we are now a poorer country .
Yet Wall Street somehow is back to being wealthy again .
This is the same Wall Street that back in March of 2009 was one inch away from being dismantled .
And you know what ?
It should have been broken up at that time .
What people think as “ Wall Street ” is the big banking system ( they can make the distinction between big banks that produce nothing and companies that actually provide an actual good or service ) .
That was the moment to break up the banks and funnel money into Main Street .
Now , after a year and a roaring stock market , banks are greasing up their lobbyist to keep any real reform from happening .
These people do n’t care about you .
They operate under the model of fear .
They wanted to scare the public into believing that the financial system would have collapsed without the bailouts .
And people voted and had more courage and Congress pushed it down .
Yet that did n’t last and Congress against the will of the people did the biggest wealth transfer in the history of our country in 2008 .
That has continued to this day .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Just a flesh wound to the leg , I ’m told : a Maltese volunteer was shot in Gaza by Israeli soldiers as she filmed a demonstration yesterday .
Eva Bartlett of International Solidarity Movement ( ISM ) reports :
Bianca Zammit , shot in her outer thigh ( leg ) by armed Israeli soldiers as she filmed , unarmed , at a Palestinian demonstration against the Israeli - imposed " buffer zone " .
Bianca , about 3 metres to my left , was standing stationary , filming the IOF soldiers shooting on unarmed Palestinians between us and the border fence .
As she was stationary , it is very unlikely that Bianca ’s shooting was an accident .
Max
Ajl has more on Zammit , a member of ISM , and the shooting here .
And Robert Hand at facebook offers this account :
Their numbers were similar to last week ’s transit workers union town hall designed to foster better relations between frontline TTC workers and riders , but Sunday ’s crowd of about 200 transit riders at a Scarborough high school was more vocal and more confrontational .
Although there were some questions about how the transit system works — or does n’t work — riders were focused this week on the behaviour of transit workers rather than individual bus routes or personal issues with the TTC .
Those who attended the second in the series of union - organized meetings at Stephen Leacock Collegiate Institute wanted to know why some drivers and collectors behave rudely , take breaks while passengers sit on the bus , apply some of the rules inconsistently and why the system is so dirty .
Several objected loudly to the format of the meeting .
“ Throughout this meeting your answers have been taking over our questions , ” said Ryan Endoh , who came with a prepared statement complaining about the “ profane language ” and “ gross indifference ” he had experienced on the system .
Questions and comments from the audience were confined to a minute , while panelists and TTC union head Bob Kinnear were taking four minutes to respond , he said .
Endoh told the auditorium about being verbally assaulted by a transit worker when he tried once to explain that he did n’t have his student pass because he had been ill and taken to the hospital .
For the second week , the panel of TTC drivers on the stage , were quick to apologize for the rude behaviour of some of their co-workers .
Nine out of 10 times when a passenger pleasantly explains they have n’t got the correct fare , driver Laverne Snagg said she lets the person on without argument .
She encouraged riders to note the bus number , the route and time and complain to the TTC when they encounter similar situations .
“ We are reprimanded .
It is normally addressed , ” she said .
“ Are drivers allowed extended breaks when there are people on board ? ” said Venesse Lewis , who compared rider frustration in such incidents to the bus arriving 20 minutes late .
She too was frustrated by the format of the two - hour meeting in which only people whose names were drawn from a box by the meeting moderator were allowed to speak .
“ I wish more people were able to say things , ” said Lewis .
York University graduate student Leia Toledo wanted to know if drivers have access to anger management .
They do but everybody has bad days , she was told .
After the meeting , Toledo said the exercise was valuable but riders have to demand a follow - up meeting with a report on what ’s changed on the TTC .
Last week a TTC driver was charged following a dispute with a passenger over an allegedly unpaid fare .
While several speakers thanked the union for the opportunity to gather , one woman complained that it should have been organized by TTC management .
She drew applause for calling for the firing of TTC chair Adam Giambrone , who was sitting nearby .
Although he maintained a cordial approach to riders in the room , union president Bob Kinnear used the meeting to take some shots at TTC management , saying that an automated signalling system on the subway is responsible for large overtime bills .
A recent proposal to install platform edge doors that would prevent people from jumping or falling on the tracks is more about justifying the signal system , said Kinnear .
“ Overtime rates have gone through the roof because trains are late .
Operators are forced to go beyond their schedules every day , ” he said , noting when that happens the worker gets double time .
“ Maybe next time we ’ll have to negotiate triple time , ” he said .
TTC chief general manager Gary Webster , who was in the audience , later denied that the signalling system called speed control was responsible for climbing overtime .
“ ( Speed control ) has been in operation on the Sheppard line .
It ’s not working properly .
We have not put it in place on the other two lines .
There ’s no question we ’ve struggled with the reliability of speed control and we ’re not going to work it until we can get it to run properly , ” said Webster .
But that has no bearing on the new automatic train control signalling system being installed on the Yonge line in the next four or five years , he said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
In the morning rush hour , the Yonge subway is at capacity , said Webster .
“ Automatic train control will deal with that , ” and new subway trains coming later this year will also help .
Speed control , which cost about $ 15 million , was introduced on Sheppard in the last two years .
Automatic train control is a $ 300 million system .
One rider complained about a driver ’s failure to take a valid transfer when it was proffered .
“ I do n’t touch the transfers either , ” said Jeff Gill , a driver on the union panel .
“ You see people coming up the steps with the transfer in their mouth .
I do n’t want that in my hand .
There are too many communicable diseases . ”
Some complained that not all drivers and collectors required seniors and students to show their passes .
“ There are major inconsistencies out there with the enforcement of fares because it ’s a judgement call ( by individual transit workers ) , ” said Kinnear .
When one rider complained that TTC patrons have to pay to park at stations , while GO passengers park for free , Kinnear suggested that the parking fees introduced last year are an attempt to penalize commuters from the 905 communities around Toronto .
“ There needs to be a recognition that people are utilizing our service — the cost is absorbed solely by Torontonians , ” he said .
A third town hall takes place May 2 at Ryerson University .
Details and an opportunity to comment are available on the union ’s website , wemovetoronto.ca .
Meantime , the TTC ’s external panel of customer service experts is also hosting a series of meet - and - greet sessions in the subway system starting later this months in advance of the recommendations it will be delivering to improve customer satisfaction .
The outreach efforts by the union and the commission follow a rash of bad publicity on the system that started with the announcement of a fare hike late last year .
That was followed by token hoarding and shortages and then widespread images of a sleeping subway collector and video of a driver taking an unauthorized break while riders cooled their heels on the bus .
“ There ’s a latent demand , ” said Webster .
“ The public wants to talk to us .
Management , union , we all need to get out and engage the public more . ”
Related :
Blog : Politicians restrained at TTC meetings
John Tory : Let 's stop bickering
Blog :
Why trust the TTC ?
DCCC : Cato Institute is ' right - wing extremist group '
The feisty populism memo seems to have got around .
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , in a press release attacking a Republican running for Congress in upstate New York , the DCCC lashed out at his ties to the Cato Institute , the libertarian Washington think tank .
" While making today ’s announcement that he will once again run for Congress in New York ’s 24th District , [ Richard ]
Hanna also launched a new campaign website where he shamelessly touts his ties to the Cato Institute , a right - wing extremist group that has long been a vocal advocate for extremist , unfair trade policies that would allow companies to ship American jobs overseas , " said the press release .
An incredulous Cato spokeswoman , Khristine Brookes , e-mails , " Are they serious ?
Are we a right - wing extremist group because of our arguments in favor of gay marriage or for our criticism of the Bush war in Iraq ? "
The " extremist " in question in the release , she notes , is a pro-immigration , pro-trade economist who is on the site today attacking Jerome Corsi .
Full release after the jump .
Re-Run Hanna Returns , Remains Committed to Out of Touch Extremists , Policies
While Richard Hanna is only 15 months removed from being rejected by Upstate New Yorkers , his commitment to extremist groups and their out of touch policies is just as strong as ever .
Hanna ’s out of touch principles remain at odds with the best interest of Upstate New Yorkers and as a result , he should n’t expect this second campaign to end any differently than his first .
While making today ’s announcement that he will once again run for Congress in New York ’s 24th district , Hanna also launched a new campaign website where he shamelessly touts his ties to the CATO Institute , a right wing extremist group that has long been a vocal advocate for extremist , unfair trade policies that would allow companies to ship American jobs overseas .
“ The fact that Hanna is touting his leadership role in a group that prides its commitment to unfair trade policies that send American jobs overseas is downright shameful , ” said Shripal Shah , Northeast Regional Press Secretary at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee .
“ What Republicans like Richard Hanna fail to grasp is that these are exactly the kinds of George Bush policies that got our economy in this mess in the first place and now is the time to turn the page , not go back . ”
“ Hanna ’s commitment to these unfair trade practices speaks volumes about how grossly out of touch he is when it comes to Upstate New York families .
He should expect Upstaters to reject his extremist positions this November just like they did in 2008 . ”
BACKGROUND :
Hanna ’s own campaign website shamelessly talks up his ties to the CATO Institute .
“ He is a sustaining member of the CATO Institute , having traveled to Russia as part of an international study group .
He is also a frequent attendee of the Milken Institute 's Global Conference and a member of the Foundation on Economic Education . ”
[ Hanna Campaign Website , accessed 1/20/10 ]
The CATO Institute is a right wing extremist group that has long advocated for unfair trade policies regardless of their impact on American jobs .
CATO has been one of the leading advocates for unfair trade deals and believes that increases in unemployment should not prevent enacting new trade deals .
The CATO Policy Handbook specifically says Congress should “ avoid using trade deficits and concerns about employment levels as excuses for imposing trade restrictions ” as it calls for the US to move away from “ reciprocity ’ ’ and “ level playing fields . ”
[ CATO Policy Handbook , 6th ed , Chapter 64 ]
###
The Village Voice recently labeled Chinese - inspired dumplings one of the best dining and drinking trends of the decade for New York .
And now , Uyen Pham , who was inspired by some of New York ’s more famous dumpling houses , including Anita Lo ’s Rickshaw Dumpling Bar , will be opening Dumpling Dojo in the old Siam space at 616 Broadway E .
She intends to open no later than March 1st – the permit gods allowing .
Interestingly , this will only be a temporary location for Dumpling Dojo , as Bank of America will be occupying the space later this year , possibly in as soon as six months .
Dumpling Dojo will be a quick serve , open kitchen place with bar seating , a stand up bar and a few tables in the back .
It will be open daily for dinner from 5:30 to 9:30 and closed on Mondays .
All of the dumplings will be made in house .
Uyen intends to have a half - dozen variety of dumplings that can be served a la carte or with soup and salad .
She will have a standard flour wrapper , a spinach one and is currently testing a wheat - free version .
She will have one dumpling with a traditional pork filling , one vegan one with mushrooms , shallots and wine , and a shrimp / citrus one .
She will focus on using local , seasonal ingredients for the other fillings , salads and fixings .
Uyen is developing nonalcoholic drinks for this iteration of Dumpling Dojo , as liquor permits take longer to secure – and is unsure how long she will be occupying the old Siam space .
View Larger Map
Update ( 2/10/10 at 2 pm ) : Uyen responded to a few of the comments below :
Dinner : Sunday - Thursday 5:30 – 10 pm , Friday and Saturday 5:30 - 11 pmLunch : Saturday and Sunday 11 - 2:30 pm
I am looking for a permanent space , so if any of your readers have a lead I ’d love to hear from them .
Dumplings 5 for $ 1. LOL .
They ’re actually 4 for $ 1 now .
Yeah , I ’ve had those in NYC .
Let ’s just say you do n’t want to know what ’s in there .
Fat mostly .
Not quality ingredients like I ’ll be doing .
If people are looking for cheap fast food this is n’t the place for them .
It ’s casual dining .
I ’ll have 2 vegan dumplings .
I think you might have confused the shrimp one with the sauces I ’ll be offering .
Guests can count on seeing a shrimp dumpling .
My sauces thus far will be citrus - soy and a chimichurri style sauce .
A dessert dumpling is sure to appear on our menu before soup dumplings .
An article by John Doerr had a great quote from technology luminary Alan Kay that every entrepreneur needs to remember “ The best way to predict the future is to invent it . ”
I ’m working with a company that at one point had a product that was not only best in class , but also technically far ahead of its competition .
It created a better way of offering its service and customers loved it and paid for it .
Then it made a fatal mistake .
It asked its customers what features they wanted to see in the product and they delivered on those features .
Unfortunately for this company , its competitors did n’t ask customers what they wanted .
Instead , they had a vision of ways that business could be done differently and as a result better .
Customers did n’t really see the value or need , until they saw the product .
When they tried it , they loved it .
So what did my company do when they saw what their competitor had done ?
They repeated their mistake and once again asked their customers what they wanted in the product .
Of course the customer responded with features that they now loved from the other product .
They did n’t improve their competitive positioning .
They put themselves in a never ending revolving door of trying to respond to customer requests .
To make matters worse , resources and brainpower that could be applied to “ inventing the future ” were instead being used to catch up with features that locked them into the past .
Entrepreneurs always need to be reminded that its not the job of their customers to know what they do n’t know .
In other words , your customers have a tough enough time doing their jobs .
They do n’t spend time trying to reinvent their industries or how their jobs are performed .
Sure , every now and then you come across an exception .
But you ca n’t bet the company on your finding that person at one of your customers .
Instead , part of every entrepreneurs job is to invent the future .
I also call it “ kicking your own ass ” .
Someone is out there looking to put you out of business .
Someone is always out there who thinks they have a better idea than you have .
A better solution than you have .
A better or more efficient product than you have .
If there is someone out there who can “ kick your ass ” by doing it better , its part of your job as the owner of the company to stay ahead of them and “ kick your own ass ” before someone else does .
Your customers can tell you the things that are broken and how they want to be made happen .
Listen to them .
Make them happy .
But they wo n’t create the future roadmap for your product or service .
That ’s your job .
The best way to predict the future is to invent it .
Words that should always be part of your product or service planning .
A 17 - year old Palestinian youth was arrested by Afula Police Monday morning after telling the security guard at the entrance that he was sent into the city " in order to kill Jews " .
The youth , a resident of the West Bank was transferred to the Shin Bet for questioning .
He arrived at the police station around 2 am , carrying a large knife in a plastic bag .
The security guard and sapper standing at the entrance to the station asked him what he was doing there .
" The boy did n't hesitate and told them he was sent to kill Jews , " Superintendant Aryeh Elkobi , who heads the station 's interrogation and intelligence department , told Ynet .
A quick search uncovered the knife , and the Palestinian was arrested .
He told police he had been sent to Afula that evening by what police call " hostile persons " .
The youth had already been arrested in the past for illegally residing in Israel .
" A disaster was prevented tonight , " said Elkobi .
" It may be that if the boy had not been arrested , he would have succeeded in carrying out his plan . "
Police believe the youth came to the police because he was afraid to performing his mission .
He told officers during questioning that he had come to Israel a few days ago , and to Afula just a few hours before his arrival at the station .
Restaurant to be closed 14 days because of COVID - 19 ; owner sees need to be cautious
British Airways is conducting its own tests of the impact of the ash cloud on aeroplane engines .
A BA Boeing 747 is flying over the Atlantic for up to four hours on Sunday .
BA 's chief executive , Willie Walsh , who is a trained pilot , is on board , as is the airline 's chief pilot .
The airline 's engineers will work through the night to examine the impact of the flight on the 747's four engines .
Results are unlikely till tomorrow .
Right now , BA and other airlines are planning on the assumption that they wo n't be allowed to fly till Thursday at the earliest .
As I pointed out on Saturday , the financial cost to the industry of the cessation of flights is immensely painful , at around £ 25 m a day for BA and - according to the industry group IATA - at least £ 130 m ( $ 200 m ) a day for airlines collectively .
I would not be surprised if IATA on Monday were to call on European governments to provide financial support to airlines , which face a stiffer financial challenge than even after the collapse in passenger numbers after the 9/11 atrocity .
I would also expect BA and other airlines to urge the government to " stress test " the science that has led to the flying ban .
BA would want to highlight that in the US the authorities operate less constraining safety precautions after volcano eruptions .
" There are six active volcanoes in the world " said an airline executive .
" We need to understand why the Icelandic eruption is seen by the authorities to be so much more dangerous than others " .
Update 19:11 : Airline executives and engineers want to know why they can't be given permission to fly at 20,000 ft , below the ash cloud , till the cloud clears .
Also , they 're worried that even if they are given permission to fly again in a few days , many people may decide to avoid air travel for an extended period on the fear that the plume and cloud will return .
" We need a permanent solution that reassures people in a proper way " said one airline boss .
" Otherwise the damage to our businesses will be even more severe . "
As I said earlier , there are deep concerns that some European airlines will be bankrupted by the disruption , unless they 're given support by taxpayers .
In the UK , Easyjet is more robust than most .
Its losses are running at between £ 3 m and £ 5 m a day .
But it has always operated with a massive liquidity buffer , so that it can withstand being grounded for up to six months .
As for food retailers , the big chains tell me that about one or two per cent of their produce is flown in .
" We 're beginning to see a shortage of certain flowers , because Kenya supplies about half our stock at this time of year " said a supermarket boss .
" And you 'll begin to see less exotic fruit and out - of - season veg " .
As for clothing retailers , the impact on them so far has been limited : some so - called " fast " fashion , based on what 's in the latest shows , goes by air .
Right now , the biggest impact for business is the sheer number of executives who are stuck abroad , unable to come home .
" The real danger for them is that we 'll discover we do n't really need them , " one business leader joked .
Update 21:38 : The BA 747 has now landed at Cardiff after a two hour 46 minute flight , covering 550 miles to the west , over the Atlantic .
The plane took off from Heathrow , and flew through the no-fly zone .
It encountered no problems , no loss of engine performance , no damage to windows .
Engineers in Cardiff will now make a more detailed assessment of the Jumbo 's engine over night .
Update 21:50 : Earlier today a Met Office plane went through the cloud and encountered dangerous levels of ash .
Which shows that the issue is n't whether the cloud is real and dangerous - but whether its extent can be accurately mapped .
One possible solution is to put observation planes in the sky , to give a more detailed picture of the location of ash concentrations .
The government is therefore trying to obtain more observation planes , from the military in particular .
OpenSSL 1.0.0 released
From : OpenSSL < openssl- AT-openssl.org >
To : openssl - dev-AT- openssl.org , openssl-users-AT-openssl.org , openssl-announce-AT-openssl.org
Subject : OpenSSL 1.0.0 released Date : Mon , 29 Mar 2010 16:52:21 +0200 Archive - link : Article , Thread
OpenSSL version 1.0.0 released ==============================
OpenSSL - The Open Source toolkit for SSL / TLS http://www.openssl.org/
The OpenSSL project team is pleased to announce the release of version 1.0.0 of our open source toolkit for SSL / TLS .
This new OpenSSL version is a major release and incorporates many new features as well as major fixes compared to 0.9.8n .
For a complete list of changes , please see http://www.openssl.org/source/exp/CHANGES
.
The most significant changes are : o RFC3280 path validation : sufficient to process PKITS tests .
o Integrated support for PVK files and keyblobs .
o Change default private key format to PKCS # 8 . o CMS support : able to process all examples in RFC4134 o Streaming ASN1 encode support for PKCS # 7 and CMS .
o Multiple signer and signer add support for PKCS # 7 and CMS .
o ASN1 printing support .
o Whirlpool hash algorithm added .
o RFC3161 time stamp support .
o New generalised public key API supporting ENGINE based algorithms .
o
New generalised public key API utilities .
o New ENGINE supporting GOST algorithms .
o SSL / TLS GOST ciphersuite support .
o PKCS #7 and CMS GOST support .
o RFC4279 PSK ciphersuite support .
o Supported points format extension for ECC ciphersuites .
o ecdsa- with - SHA224/256/384/512 signature types .
o dsa-with - SHA224 and dsa - with - SHA256 signature types .
o Opaque PRF Input TLS extension support .
o Updated time routines to avoid OS limitations .
We consider OpenSSL 1.0.0 to be the best version of OpenSSL available and we strongly recommend that users of older versions upgrade as soon as possible .
OpenSSL 1.0.0 is available for download via HTTP and FTP from the following master locations ( you can find the various FTP mirrors under http://www.openssl.org/source/mirror.html): * http://www.openssl.org/source/
* ftp://ftp.openssl.org/source/
The distribution file name is : o openssl - 1.0.0.tar.gz Size : 4010166 MD5 checksum : 89eaa86e25b2845f920ec00ae4c864ed SHA1 checksum : 3f800ea9fa3da1c0f576d689be7dca3d55a4cb62
The checksums were calculated using the following commands : openssl md5 openssl-1.0.0.tar.gz openssl sha1 openssl-1.0.0.tar.gz Yours , The OpenSSL Project Team ...
Mark J. Cox Nils Larsch Ulf MÃÂ¶ller Ralf S. Engelschall Ben Laurie Andy Polyakov Dr. Stephen Henson Richard Levitte Geoff Thorpe Lutz JÃÂ¤nicke Bodo MÃÂ¶ller ______________________________________________________________________
OpenSSL Project http://www.openssl.org
Announcement Mailing List openssl-announce@openssl.org Automated List Manager majordomo@openssl.org
EXPOSURE to last year 's swine flu outbreak may have predisposed children to the severe reactions they are now showing to influenza vaccinations .
That is one of the theories as mystery continues to cloak the reason why more than 250 children in Western Australia have been reported to have become sick after receiving the seasonal flu vaccine .
The death of a Brisbane infant girl has also been linked to the vaccination .
As of yesterday , 55 children had suffered febrile convulsions after receiving the vaccine and a further 196 had experienced less serious reactions such as fever , vomiting and " grizzliness " .
Professor Peter Collignon , an infectious diseases expert at the Australian National University , said a possible explanation was that the children 's brush with swine flu last year could have made their bodies more likely to react aggressively to an injected dose of the vaccine , which includes the swine flu strain .
But Professor Terry Nolan of the University of Melbourne , who led research into children 's reactions to swine flu vaccine last year , said that explanation seemed unlikely given that the children did not exhibit more severe reactions to the second of the two injections they were given last year .
BOSTON — I tried all day Easter Sunday to bite my tongue .
And I pretty much succeeded as we celebrated the day in a way that a lot of Catholic families do .
Our family went to Mass and we gathered all the nieces and nephews for a big Easter egg hunt .
And through it all I did n’t say a word .
I was trying to focus on the meaning of the day and having fun with the kids and maybe for once not paying so much attention to the news cycle which all through Holy Week was centering on the Catholic Church .
I did n't say a word with my family about the way the Vatican has handled the latest priest sex abuse scandals , which is deepening a stress crack in the foundation of the church that cuts beyond America now and runs deep into Europe and beyond .
I did n’t say a word about how disgraceful it is that the church hierarchy seems to care more about protecting itself than it does about reaching out to those victims who ’ve been so damaged by the abuse , and who have so actively pursued costly litigation that has left a string of arch dioceses in Boston and elsewhere in financial ruin .
I did n’t say a word about the failed stewardship of those bishops and cardinals — and reportedly the pontiff himself when he was a cardinal in Munich and then again when he served in the Vatican — who for so many decades sought to sweep the problem under the rug by shuttling predatory priests from one congregation to the next .
But now it ’s the Sunday after Easter and , well , I ’m not biting my tongue .
The allegations continue to mount .
A front page story in The New York Times on Saturday reported that in the mid-1980s , Pope Benedict XVI , when he headed up the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , signed a letter that delayed the defrocking of a uniquely sadistic pedophile priest who tied up and abused young boys in a California church rectory .
And over the last week I got around to actually reading the text of the outrageous sermon by a Franciscan priest that was delivered in St. Peter 's Basilica at the Vatican at a solemn Good Friday service .
With Pope Benedict XVI sitting on the altar of the Holy See , the Rev. Raniero Cantalamessa compared the worldwide criticism of the church ’s burgeoning sexual abuse scandal to the " shameful aspects of anti-Semitism . "
In this worldview , the Vatican sees the media as the villain intent on a “ defamatory campaign , ” as one Vatican official has put it , to damage the church .
It is an insult to history to make such a claim and more importantly it is a denigration of the suffering of the Jewish people through the holocaust to make such a comparison .
That Pope Benedict XVI — who came of age amid the evils of Nazism in his native Germany — did not condemn that sermon is a sin , proof that he still does n't understand that it's not the media 's fault that the Church leadership has failed so dramatically to confront a darkness within .
That the pope did n't understand how much that sermon would anger the world 's Jewish communities is one more example of the tin ear he seems to have in understanding Catholic - Jewish relations .
These two issues — the priest sex abuse scandal and worsening relations between Catholics and Jews — are through this Easter sermon intertwined , and they are twisting around his papacy like a vile and destructive weed .
He wo n't be forced to resign , but most Vatican observers would say his legacy will be badly tarnished .
So I just can't keep quiet any more .
I ca n’t see any sense of humility or respect in trying to do so .
In fact , I see some dangerous complicity in silence .
First of all , the " media " is not a monolith out to get the Catholic church .
Reporters who have worked hard to expose injustice on the part of priests and the church hierarchy that allowed them to prey on children are not villains .
We were just doing our job .
I started reporting on this sordid story 20 years ago when I uncovered a disturbing side of Father Bruce Ritter , a kind of folk hero in New York who saved kids from the street .
The only problem was that a long list of those street kids came forward to say Ritter , the founder of the charity Covenant House , was also sexually abusing them .
It was one of the first , big national priest sex abuse scandals to break in the country and I wrote a book about it titled " Broken Covenant " .
I returned to the story in 2002 when I did reporting from the Vatican for The Boston Globe that augmented the Spotlight Team 's investigation of priest sex abuse scandals .
Through it all , I never lost my faith .
Not yet , anyway .
And I do n't think I 'm much different than a lot of reporters I know who happen to be Catholic and who 've been part of a hard journey to bring the darkness of the Catholic Church 's priest sex abuse scandal into the light .
Many of these reporters , like at least a half dozen or so of my colleagues from The Boston Globe , and others at National Catholic Reporter and ABC News and several different news organizations that have investigated these cases , are strong reporters who were born into and remain connected to their Catholic faith .
I ’m thinking of Kevin Cullen and Tom Farragher at the Globe and Jason Berry in New Orleans who has written powerfully on this issue as an author and correspondent for NCR longer than any one .
For reporters like these , the mission to tell the truth is right up there along side the Sunday school catechism they learned growing up .
In fact , digging at the truth might even be something you could say we happened to learn through our faith .
And so I found myself praying for the leadership of the church to wake up and take a clear look around them , and to abandon this insular , anti-media approach .
I hope they might stop blaming those of us in the media and instead look more closely at the church and at their own failings .
After years of reporting on this subject , my sense is that there are few who embody this rigidity against the media , or what he would call “ the secular media , ” more than the pope himself .
This rejection of the secular world is something of a pattern in the life of Joseph Ratzinger .
This is the name with which he was born before he took the name Benedict XVI for his papacy .
From what we know about his past , it seems Ratzinger has often turned away from the sweeping forces of history swirling around him and retreated back into his faith , into the scripture .
In fact , the day after his election in Rome , he explained that he chose the name Benedict for his papacy as a reflection of this deeply private relationship with God , and this characteristic intolerance for any forces of modernity that might challenge that relationship .
It was the 5th century Saint Benedict who retreated from the chaos and decadence of the time to seek solitude in the countryside and establish what he called “ a rule of life , ” which would become the basis for the orderly life inside monasteries tucked away from the temptations and challenges of the secular world .
When I was in Germany in 2005 researching the young Ratzinger ’s coming of age during World War II in Bavaria and his rise through the German church and then the Roman curia , I realized this theme of retreating from modern crisis is a theme repeated at several turns in his life .
When perhaps the greatest evil the modern world has ever known surrounded him as he came of age Hitler 's Third Reich , he focused on his seminary studies .
He dutifully joined Hitler Youth at age 14 , turning his focus to prayer and texts and trying to avoid the horrors around him .
OK , he was a very young man at that time albeit old enough to be confirmed a Catholic .
I ’m not suggesting that he supported Nazism just because he joined Hitler Youth .
He would have had to risk his life to resist joining .
But I do think it is very much worth noting that there were young German men in his town of the same age , like Rev. Rupert Berger , who was ordained a priest with the young Ratzinger on the same day , who did resist joining Hitler Youth .
My sense from reporting on those who knew Ratzinger then is that Ratzinger and his family must have clung to a faith that the war would some day pass and he would be ordained .
In the late 1960s in German colleges when radicalism was battering campuses and attacking the German establishment , he taught theology at the University of Tubingen .
But he retreated from the arguments of the day again and disappeared into the comforts of conservative Bavaria and a smaller college campus where he could again focus on his internal life of prayer .
He must have figured the social revolution would pass and he would aspire to become a bishop and then a cardinal .
And in the 1980s and 1990s when he was in positions of responsibility in the Vatican ’s Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith and the great evil that was going on with priests abusing children came to his attention , he again sought to turn away and to minimize and to blame the media and to turn inward toward the church .
When I was reporting in Rome on the priest sex abuse scandal which was erupting in Boston in 2002 , I heard the Vatican line often put forward by Cardinal Ratzinger himself that the scandal was an American phenomenon and not one that concerned the worldwise Catholic church .
The general view was that was all an unseemly result of a litigious society and there seemed to be more concern about containing damage church than ministering to victims .
While it should be said that Ratzinger did eventually recognize the failings of the church in the scandal and the need for some action , he was late in doing so .
So much damage — spiritual and financial — had already been done .
He must have believed this priest sex scandal was just an American problem and it would end some day and he would continue to play a prominent role in the church and , as fate would have it , become pope .
But I ca n’t understand where Joseph Ratzinger retreats to now ?
As the leader of the world ’s 1 billion Catholics , Benedict XVI needs to lead and to more deeply engage the world on human terms .
He needs to stop blaming the media and the modern world for its failures when the church itself has so many failures for which it still needs to answer .
UK servicemen and women have been drinking Naafi tea since 1921
The tea served to Britain 's servicemen and women for nearly 90 years is to go on sale to help raise money for troops injured in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Naafi Break , created by the Navy , Army and Air Force Institutes ( Naafi ) , will be available in 80 branches of Spar .
It is the first time the UK - made tea has been sold on the High Street .
Naafi , which supplies tea to troops in Afghanistan , said it would donate 50 p from every box sold to the charity , Help for Heroes .
Naafi chief executive Reg Curtis said : " Our famous Naafi tea has been the beverage of choice for the British armed forces since 1921 and we are delighted to work with Spar to ensure it is widely available for everyone to enjoy for the first time in history . "
The Naafi organisation was created by the British government in 1921 to run recreational establishments needed by the armed forces and sell goods to servicemen and women and their families .
It runs clubs , bars , shops , supermarkets , launderettes , restaurants and cafes at most British military bases and also canteens on board Royal Navy ships .
Inquiring minds are digging into a 27 page statement made by William Black before the Financial Services committee .
Black is an Associate Professor of Economics and Law , at the University of Missouri .
Professor Black 's statements regarding the collapse of Lehman and the role the Fed played in that collapse are refreshingly candid .
Please consider " Public Policy Issues Raised by the Report of the Lehman Bankruptcy Examiner " .
Emphasis , highlighting , and subtitles are mine .
Valukas Report Documents Three Major Deficiencies
In Lehman Governance
Delaware corporations , have eliminated the fiduciary duty of “ care . ”
It is insane to withdraw accountability for negligence .
Doing so encourages negligence .
Congress should mandate that corporate officers and directors be subject to the fiduciary duties of care and loyalty .
They will still , of course , have the very substantial protection of the business judgment rule .
Lehman was deliberately out of control with regard to “ risk ” in its dominant operation – making “ liar ’s loans . ”
Lehman ’s principal source of ( fictional ) income and real losses was making ( and selling ) what the trade accurately called “ liar ’s loans ” through its subsidiary , Aurora .
In the near - term , making massive amounts of liar ’s losses loans creates a mathematical guarantee of producing record ( albeit fictional ) accounting income .
( As long as the bubble inflates , the liar ’s loans can be refinanced – creating additional fictional income and delaying ( but increasing ) the eventual loss .
The industry saying for this during the S&L debacle was : “ a rolling loan gathers no loss . ”
Lehman Hid Its Insolvency
Lehman ’s underlying problem that doomed it was that it was insolvent because it made so many bad loans and investments .
It hid its insolvency through the traditional means – it refused to recognize its losses honestly .
As I will discuss in more detail in response to your final question , Lehman personnel that pointed out the fraudulent liar ’s loans were attacked , even fired , by Lehman ’s management .
Honest managers , of course , would be delighted if employees identified frauds .
Making liar ’s loans is not risky – it is suicidal .
That is why every significant lender specializing in liar ’s loans failed .
Lehman ’s senior managers consciously chose to take the unethical path because they viewed it as extraordinarily profitable .
Black Accuses Geithner and the NY Fed of Willfully Ignoring Fraud
The FRBNY , led by President Geithner , had a clear statutory mission -- promote the safety and soundness of the banking system and compliance with the law – stood by while Lehman deceived the public through a scheme that FRBNY officials likened to a “ three card monte routine ” .
...
Translation :
The FRBNY knew that Lehman was engaged in fraud designed to overstate its liquidity and , therefore , was unwilling to loan as much money to Lehman .
The FRBNY did not , however , inform the SEC , the public , or the OTS ( which regulated an S&L that Lehman owned ) of the fraud .
The Fed official does n’t even make a pretense that the Fed believes it is supposed to protect the public .
The FRBNY remained willing to lend to a fraudulent systemically dangerous institution ( SDI ) .
This is an egregious violation of the public trust , and the regulatory perpetrators must be held accountable .
....
The FRBNY acted shamefully in covering up Lehman ’s inflated asset values and liquidity .
It constructed three , progressively weaker , stress tests – Lehman failed even the weakest test .
The FRBNY then allowed Lehman to administer its own stress test .
Surprise , it passed .
Structural Problems at the Fed
The Fed has inherent problems even in safety & soundness regulation due to its structure .
First , the regional FRBs have boards of directors dominated by the industry .
Fourth , the Fed is dominated by neo-classical economists that have no theory of , experience with , or interest in the complex financial frauds that are the dominant cause of our recurring , intensifying financial crises .
Bernanke appointed an economist , Patrick Parkinson , with no examination or supervision experience to head all Fed examination and supervision .
Fifth , the Fed is addicted to opaqueness and its senior ranks believe the bankers when they claim that the people must never be allowed to learn the truth about asset losses .
It is very easy , psychologically , to believe that you are letting a bank lie to the public for a noble reason – protecting the public .
The bankers always tell the regulators that the world will end if the banks tell the truth – but that is a lie .
Regulators ’ greatest asset is their integrity .
Federal stimulus dollars intended for job creation in Oakland were spent instead on trips to the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk and a Concord water park , rent , church repairs , bus passes , salaries and car allowances , according to a state review released Tuesday .
Oakland , which has struggled with a 17.7 percent unemployment rate , received $ 3 million last year for summer youth , adult and dislocated worker programs .
But more than $ 830,000 of the money received under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act from February to December 2009 was not properly accounted for or was misspent , according to the state Office of the Inspector General .
In addition , state auditors found the city inflated the number of jobs created , claiming 35 when only about six jobs were created with the stimulus dollars .
Laura Chick , the state inspector general overseeing federal recovery dollars , reviewed a similar program in San Francisco and found no problems .
Major accounting issues
But in Oakland , the stimulus funds were passed down from a city agency , the Oakland Workforce Investment Board , to a nonprofit , the Oakland Private Industry Council , which took control of the money despite the fact that the group had no valid contract with the city from July 2009 until earlier this month .
The state reviewed the nonprofit and found " significant accounting issues and inflated job numbers , " among other problems .
Auditors had trouble tracking the money in part because the Industry Council drew stimulus funds based on arbitrary estimates rather than actual expenditures , according to the review .
For example , on Dec. 28 , 2009 , the Industry Council received $ 980,000 for two job programs : the adult and the dislocated worker program .
But as of March 5 , only $ 24,000 had actually been spent .
In addition , some of the money drawn from the Recovery Act fund was not traceable because the Industry Council recorded that it would be used for both Recovery Act and non-Recovery Act expenses .
Recovery
Act funds are n't to be used for existing expenses .
Of funds that were traced , auditors found that more than $ 43,000 was ineligible or lacked sufficient documentation .
That included :
-- $ 2,806 given to the Spanish Speaking Citizens Foundation for food and field trips to the Santa Cruz boardwalk , Waterworld California and Washington Park in Alameda .
-- $ 5,415 given to the Alameda County Youth Development program for staff salaries , benefits and bus passes .
-- $ 9,100 given to the Watkins Memorial Church of God for salaries , maintenance and repairs , and rent .
Oakland and the Industry Council defended the expenditures , explaining that Watkins Memorial Church is an affiliate of the Alameda County Youth Development program .
Theme parks , picnic
They also said field trips to theme parks and a picnic that was paid for with stimulus funds provided participants - mostly from East Oakland , an area known for gang activity - with " necessary training in conflict resolution " and " provided the opportunity to establish positive relationships with staff in an effort to reduce feelings of mistrust for authority figures . "
The state , however , rejected the explanation and said the money was misspent .
The state auditors also found problems resulting from the fact that the Industry Council used federal dollars to pay for existing expenses , as opposed to supplementing those costs .
The city and Industry Council told the state that they had received approval from the state 's Employment Development Department to use Recovery
Act dollars for regular expenses while they awaited funding for those expenses , but Chick said they have provided no documentation of that .
Some of those questionable expenditures found in the audit included :
-- $ 24,022 in administrative salaries for the Industry Council .
-- $ 41,970 in rent for the Industry Council .
-- $ 1,626 in car and parking allowances for the Industry Council 's executive officer , Gay Cobb .
Chick said the actions in Oakland were not criminal but need to be corrected or else the federal government could seek to recoup the money .
" Some of the money was misspent , " said Chick , who has uncovered problems with federal recovery spending in other parts of the state .
But , she said , much of the problem " is bookkeeping and accounting and correctable , " though doing so costs additional time and recovery dollars .
The city leader overseeing the city 's Workforce Investment Board said in a written response to the state audit that the city appreciates the review and that many changes have already been made .
" The city and our partners have provided the required oversight and monitoring , " said Earl Johnson , interim executive director of the Oakland Workforce Investment Board .
" The inspector general 's review provided us an opportunity to further refine our oversight processes in keeping with our commitment to the efficient and transparent use of public funds . "
$ 3 million left to collect
The inspector 's review does not impact Oakland 's ability to collect the remaining $ 3 million it was awarded .
Oakland is not the first entity to be reprimanded by the inspector general .
In March , Chick reported that Tulare County 's Workforce Investment Board improperly spent nearly $ 1 million on overhead costs instead of a youth summer program for which the money was intended .
She said the county is correcting that .
" I think this is occurring in a lot of different areas , " Chick said .
" It 's not criminal wrongdoing but inappropriate expenditures .
I 'm trying to get the word out there : Do n't do it .
If you 're doing it , fix it . "
DETTE WEBSTED BRUGER COOKIESVi bruger cookies for at give dig den bedst mulige oplevelse af vores website .
Ved din fortsatte brug af vore site , antager vi , at du accepterer vores brug af cookies .
OK
But the shortcut was based on a premise that is turning out to be incorrect .
Scientists thought the mutations that caused common diseases would themselves be common .
So they first identified the common mutations in the human population in a $ 100 million project called the HapMap .
Then they compared patients ’ genomes with those of healthy genomes .
The comparisons relied on ingenious devices called SNP chips , which scan just a tiny portion of the genome .
( SNP , pronounced “ snip , ” stands for single nucleotide polymorphism . )
These projects , called genome - wide association studies , each cost around $ 10 million or more .
The results of this costly international exercise have been disappointing .
About 2,000 sites on the human genome have been statistically linked with various diseases , but in many cases the sites are not inside working genes , suggesting there may be some conceptual flaw in the statistics .
And in most diseases the culprit DNA was linked to only a small portion of all the cases of the disease .
It seemed that natural selection has weeded out any disease - causing mutation before it becomes common .
Image Dr. James R. Lupski , a medical geneticist with a nerve disease , had his whole genome decoded .
Credit ... Michael Stravato for The New York Times
The finding implies that common diseases , surprisingly , are caused by rare , not common , mutations .
In the last few months , researchers have begun to conclude that a new approach is needed , one based on decoding the entire genome of patients .
The new reports , though involving only single - gene diseases , suggest that the whole - genome approach can be developed into a way of exploring the roots of the common multigene diseases .
“ We need a way of assessing rare variants better than the genomewide association studies can do , and whole - genome sequencing is the only way to do that , ” Dr. Lupski said .
With 10 genomes of healthy humans sequenced , Dr. Gibbs , a specialist in DNA sequencing , decided it was time to decode the genome of someone with a genetic disease and asked his colleague Dr. Lupski to volunteer .
Body Building Grandma Ernestine Shepherd Bench Presses , Runs Marathons
At 73 Ernestine Shepherd , 73 , said she is motivated by the memory of her sister .
April 27 , 2010  --
Taut abs and rippling muscles are n't exactly the stuff grandmothers are known for .
But then again neither are marathons and cell phones that play the theme to " Rocky . "
At 73 , Ernestine Shepherd is in better shape than most people decades her junior .
Up at 3 a.m. every morning , she spends her days running , lifting weights and working out other senior citizens at the Union Memorial United Methodist Church in Baltimore .
She also works as a certified personal trainer at her gym .
" I feel better than I did at 40 , " she said .
" I am very , very happy . "
In less than 20 years , Shepherd has morphed from a " prissy " woman who never exercised to the Guinness Book of World Records ' oldest female bodybuilder .
A die -hard " Rocky " fan -- " Sylvester Stallone is my man , " she cooed -- Shepherd is preparing for a body building competition this weekend .
" I feel now that I am a very strong , positive and confident woman , " she said .
" Years ago I concerned myself about what people said concerning me .
But when you get 70 - something and you do n't have that many years in front of you , you do n't concern yourself with that . "
Instead , Shepherd concerns herself with her carefully formulated diet -- 1,700 calories a day , mostly comprised of boiled egg whites , chicken , vegetables and a liquid egg white drink -- and packing in the workouts needed to maintain her stunning physique .
Shepherd runs about 80 miles per week and bench presses 150 pounds .
Bicep curls are done with 15 - and 20 - pound dumbbells .
Married for 53 years and grandmother to a 13 - year - old , Shepherd said she is exactly where she wants to be .
Well , almost .
She 's been looking for an excuse to meet Michelle Obama and even offered to train her .
" I 've been trying to get to that lady .
And I can't get to her , " she said .
" It 's so difficult . "
Shepherd sees her jaw - dropping transformation as fulfulling a promise to her late sister , Mildred Blackwell , who died in 1992 of a brain anuerysm just over a year into the training that she believed would drive them to become the oldest living fitness competitors in the world .
" I kept up everything she said we were going to do , " Shepherd said .
" That 's kept me so close to her . "
Twenty years ago , Shepherd was working as a secretary in the Baltimore school system after 30 years with AT&T .
Exercising was not part of the picture .
" I was too prissy to exercise , " she said .
" I just did n't want to have my hair messed up .
Did n't want my fingernails broken . "
Then , at 56 , Shepherd found herself in a dressing room with her sister trying on swimsuits for a pool party .
" When we looked at each other we both laughed because we did n't look too good in those suits , " Shepherd said .
" She said ' Tina , we 're going to have to do something about this . ' "
Marathons and Modeling for Senior Body Builder
The allure of a swimsuit - ready body sent Shepherd and her sister to aerobics classes .
And as they began to slim down , a trainer suggested lifting weights .
Shepherd and her sister , who she says were " like twins , " took to weight lifting immediately and quickly saw their bodies start to change .
But one day , Blackwell began complaining of headaches .
She was dead soon after .
Shepherd said she quit exercising , holed up in her home and started suffering from panic attacks and high blood pressure .
A close friend and trainer eventually forced her out of the house , telling her , " You know your sister would n't want you to do this . "
She hit the gym , this time to keep a promise to her beloved sister .
In 2007 , she began running .
She now runs in the park for two to three hours a day and has a 5 K time of 28 minutes .
She has also completed eight marathons and has her sights set on the New York and Boston races , warning competitors that " the old lady 's comin ' . "
Shepherd has snagged modeling gigs and posed for Essence magazine .
Even Oprah Winfrey came calling , she said , but the Sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks took her off the lineup .
She also took first place in her class at the Tournament of Champions ' bodybuilding competition in 2008 .
When Shepherd was named to the Guiness Book of World Records , she took Blackwell 's ashes to Rome with her .
" When I got to the Coliseum I cried , " she said .
" I stood there and I spread her ashes . "
She is now trained by former Mr. Universe Yohannie Shambourger .
" She 's special because no one can have that kind of muscle at her age , " he said .
" Ernestine has a body where she can compete against younger athletes and actually beat them . "
Standing nearly 5 ' 5 " and weighing between 118 and 120 pounds , Shepherd is adamant that she does n't use any performancing enhancing drugs or even supplements other than vitamin D .
" I do n't want to train my ladies and give them the false impression of supplements , " she said .
Plus , with her 74th birthday in less than two months , Shepherd said taking care of herself is paramount .
" I have old things in my body , " she said .
At 8:15 on August 6 1945 the first nuclear bomb in the history of warfare detonated over Hiroshima , obliterating the city within a 1.5 mile radius and killing outright some 80,000 people , with around another 70,000 dying of radiation and burns by the end of the year .
Japanese pilots flying on reconnaissance missions to the city after all radio transmissions went dead said that `practically all living things , human and animal , were literally seared to death` .
The A - bomb dome ( genbaku dome , originally Hiroshima Trade Promotion Hall ) was only 150 meters away from the blast hypocenter .
It survived because of its strong stone construction , while almost every building around it burned to the ground .
Hiroshima A - bomb dome .
If you want more facts on the bombing of Hiroshima , there`s plenty on Wikipedia , so I won`t rehash them all here .
What I will do is give you some context on it from my end of things .
I`d been to Hiroshima once before , raring to see the remnants of the atomic blast , and the peace museum .
That was about 6 years ago , before I`d gotten into actively seeking haikyo .
I was always interested in ruins though , so the A - bomb dome seemed a natural fit .
The Genbaku Dome was originally scheduled to be demolished with the rest of the ruins , but the fact that it was mostly intact delayed these plans .
As Hiroshima was rebuilt around the dome , it became a subject of controversy ; some locals wanted it torn down , while others wanted to preserve it as a memorial of the bombing .
Close up on what might have been a water fountain .
Shot from a river ferry headed for Miyajima .
At first I was quite underwhelmed by it all .
The small - ish Peace Park , the single remaining dome , the blandly shaped museum .
I don`t know what I had expected , but probably just more .
Perhaps some combination of the preservation level found in Pompeii mixed with the scope to be found at the Washington monuments .
It seemed a momentous location commemorating a terrible point in human history , and I expected more of it to be on show as a reminder of the past , with a larger park to help mourn and remember .
The bomb hypocenter was almost directly above the dome – only 150 m away and 600 m above the ground .
Well , I didn`t know much about Japan then , and I think I know more now .
I know that it was a fight to even preserve the dome - numerous people wanted to tear it down as an ugly reminder of the past .
In fact most buildings in Japan don`t survive for more than even 50 years , and the past tends to be scrubbed out in favor of things that are new and shiny , especially things tainted with the failure of the pre-war and war era .
I know from research that the Peace Museum and Park were instituted over objections from both China and the USA .
I know that space is at a premium , so even the Peace Park as is took a lot of effort to keep from falling into the profitable hands of real estate .
Taking those things into consideration , I looked at the place through new eyes .
By Japanese standards it`s one heck of a memorial .
But that new perspective was also colored by other bits of knowledge I`ve accumulated in my 7 years in Japan .
The Pacific war for Japan was one of aggression and imperialism .
They occupied Korea for 50 years .
They subjugated the Manchurian area of China .
Stories abound of slaughter , sexual slavery ( under the guise of `comfort women` ) , and brutal war crimes .
Crimes , wars , and occupations that to this day ( so I`ve come to understand , at least ) the Japanese government has never officially apologized for nor paid reparations towards .
Some of Japan`s top war criminals are still buried in one of the country`s most sacred shrines - Yasukuni , which until recently the Prime Minister himself would regularly visit and pray at .
These visits without fail would enrage neighbouring Asian countries every time they happened .
To get an idea of the outrage they feel , imagine the German Chancellor going to pray at the church where German war criminals were buried .
It wouldn`t happen .
About a third of Hiroshima ’s 350,000 population was killed within a week of the bombing .
Many more have since died through radiation sickness .
The Dome is now tended and cleaned by just three elderly ladies .
How did that color my perspective of the A - bomb dome ?
It `s hard to say .
The necessity and efficacy of the bomb have been and probably still are being debated by people much better informed than me .
I know that it`s good that Japan`s imperialist dreams were stopped short .
In that they were victimizers .
When the bomb fell the roles reversed and they became victims .
There`s no debate that what happened in Hiroshima was terrible .
Hundreds of thousands of civilians died .
They were victims , not soldiers .
But their country was a victimizer .
When I was in the Peace Park I only felt the sense of victim .
I don`t know what to say beyond that , except that maybe there should be more balance .
For Japan to acknowledge their status as victim in Hiroshima is of course reasonable , but if at the same time they ignore the victims they created in China and Korea then aren`t they misrepresenting their legacy , and valuing the lives lost differently ?
To balance things it seems they ought to take responsibility for all their actions during the war , something I don`t think they`ve yet done .
Anyway .
I went back to Hiroshima because my mother is visiting .
We stayed for 2 days in Hiroshima followed by 2 days in Kyoto .
The trip was really great , and we had the chance to do many things I hadn`t done before , chiefly led by the fact that my mom`s partner is a vegetarian .
That took us to a vegan Zen restaurant in a temple , a funky little family - owned vegetarian cafe , and a Turkish coffee bar staffed by an old collector of Persian antiquities .
Great fun .
And so , onto the Peace Museum .
I`ll include some photos and bits of art from the museum - all of which it is OK to photograph and reproduce here .
A warning though , some of it is pretty grim stuff .
Monument to Sadako Sasaki , a young girl who died of radiation poisoning .
She believed that if she made enough paper cranes , she`d survive .
Children around Japan still send thousands of cranes to be displayed in the glass cases .
The statue is a girl holding up a paper crane .
Some of the many cranes .
Museum in back , eternal flame in the arch ( which will burn until all the world`s nuclear weapons are destroyed ) , and line of sight to the genbaku .
A watch stopped at 8:15 .
Mock - up of the dome .
Letters from the mayor of Hiroshima to various ambassadors pleading for the abolition of nuclear weapons .
Model of Hiroshima before the blast .
After .
he A - bomb dome is at right .
Photos of the aftermath .
Aerial reconnaissance photo before .
After .
A model street in ruin .
Grisly model of zombie - like burns / radiation victims , walking along with arms outstretched and the skip stripping from their bodies .
Model showing the bomb hypocenter .
A tricycle that was hit by the blast then buried to remember the child who`d ridden it .
Unearthed fairly recently and donated to the museum .
A water pump with the shadow of its handle burned onto the wall .
Glasses fused by the heat .
A Buddha statue melted .
Artworks , often drawn by soldiers who went into Hiroshima on relief missions .
Here you can see the A - bomb dome in the background .
The final corridor of the museum had these sketches .
This one tells the story of a man searching for water , who found a fire cistern that was already occupied .
The picture at left shows the occupants hair spreading out over the water surface .
A well already filled with the dead and people burned down whichever side of their body had been facing the blast .
A terrible story of a young soldier`s regret .
He was ordered not to give burns victims any water as it would only hasten their death ( which seems it would be a mercy , then ) .
One woman called out for water for days , but he didn`t give her any .
He says he still dreams of her cries and regrets his inaction to this day .
Line of sight from the museum to the genbaku .
You can find more ruins explorations in the galleries :
[ album id=4 template=compact ]
Launching a new language is easy - getting it used is hard .
The combination of existing code and existing skills is a strong barrier to adoption , and even excellent languages like Ruby and Python have struggled to break out of their niches .
What hope is there for F# , the new language that Microsoft has sneaked into Visual Studio 2010 , launched this month ?
" I think it 's an amazing moment , " says its principal designer , Microsoft researcher Don Syme , an Australian now based in Cambridge .
" It represents part of the history of programming language design and development here in the UK . "
Perhaps it does .
But you would not know it from most of Microsoft 's marketing effort for the new Visual Studio .
F# tends to get lost in the fuss about other new features .
I downloaded Microsoft 's Why upgrade to Visual Studio 2010 ?
white paper and not only is F# missing from the " Top ten reasons to buy " - it 's not actually mentioned at all .
That is a shame .
F# is a functional programming language , and there are good reasons why functional programming deserves wider use , such as its suitability for the concurrent programming required for optimal performance on today 's multi-core systems .
F# is also succinct .
During a talk at the recent QCon London programming conference , Syme showed a series of slides , headed Pleasure and Pain , showing how F# code can be shorter and more expressive than its C# equivalent , sometimes to the extreme .
Following his QCon talk , I spoke to Syme about the new language .
How did F# begin ?
" I 've been doing functional programming since 1992 .
I had been using the ML family of languages , including standard ML and OCaml , and wanted to see that paradigm being strong on the .NET platform .
We started F# as a research project .
We could experiment with the functional paradigm in practice , and understand where it was most beneficial and how it would fit in . "
So how does F# differ from , say , OCaml ?
According to Syme : " The core language of F# is heavily inspired by OCaml .
If you look back at the ML languages , the core of these languages has been surprisingly stable , from the early seventies .
It 's a question of what you do around that .
One of the major questions is about object - oriented programming .
Another question is what you would historically have called module system design .
F# differs on those design decisions from other ML languages because the aim is to build a language which integrates into the .NET component development model .
That means we do embrace .
NET object - oriented programming .
F# can be remarkably concise compared to C #
" Another major design difference is with regard to parallel programming , where we embrace the idea of lightweight threads and what we call lightweight agents in the language and in the core language .
We use techniques that come from Haskell for that purpose . "
Speaking to Syme , Microsoft 's main motive for including F# in Visual Studio becomes clear .
Functional programming is popular in the financial community , where it is used for quantitative analysis .
Finance is an important market .
" We find F# is very attractive to financial analysts and quantitative experts , " says Syme , the reason being that it excels in data , parallel and algorithmic programming .
" F# is attractive in places where the object oriented paradigm is n't a good fit for the kind of work that 's being done , " he says .
If F# is mainly intended for a specific programming niche , that would explain why Microsoft is not putting much energy behind promoting it .
That said , it deserves more attention because of its suitability for the concurrent programming that has become necessary in order to take advantage of today 's multi-core systems .
Officials say over the next two weeks , if you live in Chicago and want to register and vote , a Loop super site at the corner of Lake and Clark is where you can do it .
3 hours ago
New Zealand has plummeted in international environmental rankings , while a powerful North American conservation group has warned the Prime Minister not to mine national parks .
New Zealand has dropped to 15th on the environmental performance index from Yale and Columbia universities in the United States after being at the top of the index only four years ago .
Meanwhile , Sierra Club International vice - president Richard Cellarius has written to Prime Minister John Key asking that national parks and other protected areas be left alone when the Government considers mining regions .
Sierra , with 1.3 million members , is the oldest and largest environmental group in the US .
In his letter , Cellarius warned that visitors may reconsider coming to New Zealand if the country 's beautiful vistas were marred by mining .
" Long - term protection should not be sacrificed for immediate commercial gain . "
He was particularly concerned about Mt Aspiring National Park .
" To remove any portion of the park and the World Heritage area for short - term economic gain is an affront to the international community that has worked tirelessly to protect the Earth 's wild places . "
The Green Party says the Government is considering mining large sections of the Coromandel , as well as parts of Fiordland National Park , Kahurangi National Park , Paparoa National Park and Mt Aspiring National Park .
Green Party co-leader Metiria Turei said the Sierra letter put New Zealand on notice .
" Mining our conservation land will be costly to our tourism industry and export industries that rely on our clean , green brand . "
New Zealand Minerals Industry Association chief executive Doug Gordon told TVNZ 's Q+A show yesterday that the Government was exploring more mining opportunities to try and " close the GDP gap " .
He said tourism and mining could coexist .
The environmental performance index noted New Zealand 's " surprising " increased reliance on thermal energy .
The study ranks 163 countries on 25 indicators , ranging from climate change to water and air pollution .
Provisional results place Iceland first , with France and Britain ahead of New Zealand .
COPENHAGEN ( Reuters ) - China became the No. 1 wind turbine market in 2009 , installing a record 13.75 gigawatts ( GW ) of new capacity , and three Chinese suppliers ranked among the Top - 10 turbine manufacturers , Danish consultants BTM said .
Turbines from China 's largest wind farm dot a windswept plain in the remote northwest Xinjiang region in this September 2006 file photo .
REUTERS / Emma Graham - Harrison
“ The most significant trend in the market was the booming Chinese wind industry , ” BTM Consult said in a summary of its annual wind power market review for paying subscribers .
China ’s new capacity accounted for more than a third of the world ’s total new wind energy capacity of 38 GW last year , which was a record despite the financial crisis , BTM Consult said .
“ China emerged as by far and away the most successful market , installing ... the highest volume ever by one country in a single year , ” BTM said .
The global market for wind power capacity is expected to nearly triple in the next five years to 447 gigawatts ( GW ) and could expand to almost 1,000 GW within 10 years , BTM said .
“ Wind power will deliver 1.6 percent of the world ’s electricity in 2010 , ” BTM said .
“ By 2019 , ten years away , wind power could meet 8.4 percent of the world ’s consumption of electricity . ”
The most significant change in the supply market in 2009 was the strong growth of Chinese wind turbine manufacturers , three of which were among the Top - 10 suppliers .
China ’s Sinovel grabbed the No. 3 spot among wind turbine makers , rival Chinese manufacturer Goldwind ranked No. 5 , and Dongfang was No. 7 , BTM said .
It did not give their previous ranking , but Sinovel and Goldwind joined the Top - 10 in 2008 , while Dongfang had been among the Top - 15 that year .
Denmark ’s Vestas Wind Systems retained its position as the world ’s leading wind turbine manufacturer with a 12.5 percent market share , but U.S. conglomerate GE was virtually tied with Vestas with a 12.4 percent share , BTM said .
Germany ’s Enercon was fourth , Spain ’s Gamesa sixth , India ’s Suzlon eighth , Germany ’s Siemens ninth and German REpower No. 10 , BTM said .
BTM Consult ’s market report followed a similar ranking list earlier this month from rival Danish consultancy MAKE , which also put Vestas first , Sinovel third and Goldwind fifth .
WASHINGTON ( PAI ) —
Thousands of unionists and their allies marched on and surrounded the hotel where the nation ’s health insurance firms were meeting , demanding a citizens ’ arrest of company CEOs and their lobby for greed , corruption and 45,000 deaths a year .
Led by AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka , the federation ’s other top two officers , Change To Win Chair Anna Burger , AFSCME President Gerry McEntee and AFT President Randi Weingarten , demonstrators marched a mile on March 9 from the union groups ’ headquarters to the Ritz - Carlton .
They demanded the insurers and their lobby , America ’s Health Insurance Plans , stop trying to kill health care reform - and that Congress stop listening to the lobby and instead listen to voters and pass pending health care legislation .
Trumka and the other leaders also brandished an arrest warrant for the insurers , which was taken inside .
The peaceful protesters , met by police - one mounted outside the hotel ’s main entrance - stayed outside .
The protest came as Congress tries to move to final votes by mid-month on health care , with details of complex fixes to health care legislation still being worked out .
Legislative leaders are still trying to round up the needed votes to push through a final version of both health insurance reform .
It also comes as the Obama administration appealed to health care groups nationwide to bombard Congress with calls , e-mails and other messages demanding an up - or - down vote on health care .
A White House - sponsored conference call on health care garnered a renewed commitment to public pressure from the American Medical Women ’s Association , among others .
“ The American people really trust their physicians .
If you get your voices out there and get on camera , it would be terrific , ” Obama advisor David Axelrod told AMWA .
The demonstrators raised their voices and got on camera , too , while the insurers and their lobby stayed inside the Ritz - Carlton hotel .
“ They can lie , they can cheat , they can spend millions of dollars , but they ca n’t win , ” McEntee said of the insurers and their lobby .
Then he warned Congress : “ If you do n’t act , we ’ll come to arrest you . ”
Trumka declared the insurers are “ the dark titans of greed who have ruined our health care system with their unquenchable thirst for profit over people . ”
He added that “ The only thing that will stop them is legislation that forces them to become more human , ” meaning the health care bills now stalled on Capitol Hill .
“ Congress should , Congress must and Congress will listen to working people and not the insurance companies , ” Trumka predicted .
“ But when the insurance companies come together to plot how to stop health care reform , that ’s a crime - and this is a crime scene , ” he said .
To back up his point , the protesters surrounded the block - square hotel by standing inside yellow “ Crime scene - do not cross ” plastic tape .
Burger and Weingarten cited the unnecessary deaths the insurers cause .
Burger , whose union , SEIU , includes a million health care workers among its 2 million members , was blunt .
“ They have the nerve to sneak here in the dead of night to plot against us , ” she said .
“ We ’re here to call them out for their crimes against humanity … Every half hour in America , someone dies because they do n’t have health insurance .
If we want to talk about ‘ death panels ' ” - a GOP theme in opposing health care reform — “ the death panel is in there , ” she said , pointing across the street to the meeting hotel .
Weingarten gave an example of what happens to citizens when the insurers raise their rates .
“ At the Willow Run School District in Minnesota , the premiums went up to $ 24,000 a year ” per family “ for a mid - level insurance plan .
They ( the school district ) could n’t afford it , so they canceled the insurance .
Where is it going ?
To a 428 % increase in profits .
Is that a crime ?
Should they be arrested ?
“ We ’re doing this for people who work every day , and for people who lose their lives every day to the insurance industry , ” Weingarten , a high school teacher , declared .
Unionists from UFCW , the Steelworkers , AFSCME , AFT , the Laborers , The Newspaper Guild , the Letter Carriers , the Communications Workers , the Office and Professional Employees , AFGE and SEIU joined the protest - which made very clear the insurers are villains , or worse .
The insurers ignored the protesters and continued with their meeting inside .
Axelrod and other White House aides spent their time on the conference call that day reiterating the benefits of reform and urging participants to mobilize nationwide .
“ We ’re on the doorstep of dealing with something that the country , families and businesses have grappled with for over a century , ” the cost and availability of health care , Axelrod said .
“ And it ’ll get worse if we do n’t succeed . ”
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/healthcareforamericanow/4419737589/
Copyright HealthcareforAmericaNow
[ Update 21 October 2009 : Check out Michael Collins ’s comment and my reply .
Michael points out that introductions to probability theory carefully subscript probability functions with their random variables and distinguish random variables from regular variables by capitalizing the former .
I replied that it ’s really the practice that ’s problematic , and I ’m talking about the notation in Gelman et al . ’s Bayesian Data Analysis or Blei , Ng and Jordan ’s LDA paper . ]
What ’s Wrong ?
What ’s wrong with the probability notation used in Bayesian stats papers ?
The triple whammy of
overloading for every probability function , using bound variables named after random variables , and using the bound variable names to distinguish probability functions .
Probabilty Notation is Bad
The first and third issues arise explicitly and the second implicitly in the usual expression of the first step of Bayes ’s rule ,
,
where each of the four uses of corresponds to a different probability function !
In computer science , we ’re used to using names to distinguish functions .
So and are the same function applied to different arguments .
In probability notation , and are different probability functions , picked out by their arguments .
Random Variables Do n’t Help
As Michael ( and others ) pointed out in the comments , if these are densities determined by random variables , we use the capitalized random variables to distinguish the distributions and bound variables in the usual mathematical sense , disambiguating our random variables with
.
When we have dozens of parameters in our multivariate densities , this gets messy really quickly .
So practitioners fall back to the unsubscripted notation .
Great Expectations
The third issue appears in expectation notation ( and in information theory notation for entropy , mutual information , etc. ) .
Here , statisticans write and for random variables with the probability function and sample space implicit .
The way you then see expectation notation written in applied Bayesian modeling is often :
.
What ’s really sneaky here is the use of as a global random variable on the left side of the equation and as a bound variable on the right hand side .
Distinguishing random variables with capital letters , this would look like
.
Continuous vs. Discrete
The definitions are even more overloaded than they first appear , because of the different definitions for continuous and discrete probabilities .
In Bayes ’s rule , if is continuous in , we ’re meant to understand integration
,
in place of summation
.
Similarly , for expectations of continuous densities , we write
or if we ’re being very careful with random variables ,
.
Intros to probability theory often use for continuous probability density functions and reserve for discrete probability mass functions .
They ’ll start with notation ( or ) for the event probability function .
Samples Spaces to the Rescue ?
In applied work , we rarely , if ever , need to talk about the sample space , measures from subsets of to , or actually consider a random variable as a function from to .
I do n’t recall ever seeing a model defined in this way .
Instead , we typically construct multivariate densities modularly by combining simpler distributions .
For instance , a hierarchical beta - binomial model , such as the one I used for the post about Bayesian batting averages , would typically be expressed as :
or in sampling notation by stating and .
In fact , that ’s just how it gets coded in the model interpreter BUGS ( Bayesian inference using Gibbs sampling ) and compiler HBC ( hierarchical Bayes compiler ) .
Since we only really ever talk about probability density functions , why not get rid of random variable notation altogether ?
We could start with a joint density function over a vector , and consider projections of in lieu of random variables .
This we can fully specify with high - school calculus .
If we use consistent naming for the dimensions , we can get away without ever formally definining a random variable .
In practice , it ’s not really that hard to keep our sampling distributions separate from our posteriors , even if we write them both as .
Technically , we could take as the sample space and then define the random variables as projections .
But this formal definition of random variables does n’t buy us much other than a connection to the usual way of writing things in theory textbooks .
If it makes you feel better , you can treat the normal ambiguous definitions this way ; some of the lowercase letters are random variables , some are bound variables , and we just drop all the subscripts to pick out densities .
Lambda Calculus to the Rescue ?
Maybe we can do better .
We could express our models as joint densities , and borrow a ready - made language for talking about functions , the lambda calculus .
For instance , we could define a discrete bivariate for reference .
We could then distinguish the marginals , using
instead of , and
instead of .
We could similarly distinguish the conditionals , writing
instead of , and
instead of .
Bayes ’s rule now becomes :
.
Clear , no ?
Perhaps Not
OK , so maybe the statisticians are onto something here with their sloppy notation in practice .
All attempts to distinguish function names in stats only seem to make matters worse .
This is especially problematic for Bayesian stats , where a fixed prior in one model becomes an estimated parameter in the next .
Share this :
Share
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Email
Related
This tutorial explains how to share a Git repository among developers .
It is meant for small teams who are adopting Git for the first time , and want to get started quickly with a familiar setup before exploring Git 's many new possibilities .
If you follow this route , you will end up with a single centrally - hosted repository that everyone in your group can use to publish their own work and fetch whatever others have published .
People used to a centralised VCS will find this model easy to adjust to , but of course , each user 's " working copy " will itself be a fully - fledged Git repository , and many new workflows are available to users as they learn more .
It would help if you 're familiar with basic
Git terminology and usage , but if not , you can skim through to find out which commands you need to read about and experiment with .
( I recommend Git from the bottom up and the Git tutorial for an introduction . )
I shall assume that everyone has git 1.6.5 or later installed , and that they have ssh access to the server that will host the repository .
Repository setup
In the ideal case , you create a repository on the server , clone it on each workstation , and are ready to start work .
That happy situation is described below , as well as the all - too - likely addition of an existing repository into the picture .
On the server
Use git init to create a new repository .
The easy way to give people read - write access to it is to add all the relevant users to one group ( say dev ) , and give that group ownership of the repository :
$ git init -- bare -- shared foo.git Initialized empty shared Git repository in / git / foo.git / $ chgrp - R dev foo.
git
It does n't matter what user you run this command as .
The -- shared option sets the permissions on everything in the repository to group - writable .
Let 's say the server is named example.org , and the new repository lives in the / git / foo.git directory .
To anyone with ssh access to the server , the repository is now available at ssh://example.org/git/foo.git .
Importing an existing repository
This can be done in many ways .
My advice is to set up the new repository on the server , push everything from the old repository into it , and forget about the old repository .
$ cd existing .git $ git push ssh://example.org/git/foo.git '*:*'
Counting objects : 3 , done .
Writing objects : 100 % ( 3/3 ) , 204 bytes , done .
Total 3 ( delta 0 ) , reused 0 ( delta 0 ) Unpacking objects : 100 % ( 3/3 ) , done .
To ssh://example.org/git/foo.git * [ new branch ] master -> master
The output above is from a test repository with a single commit .
The *:* notation pushes everything , including tags and remote branches .
If that 's not what you want , use a more specific notation and multiple pushes ; or just get rid of any branches , remotes , or tags you do n't want before you push everything .
There are many complications possible at this step , but discussing them is not within the scope of this article .
( Why forget about the old repository ?
It 's just simpler that way , but if you really want , you can configure it to pretend that it 's just another clone of the new repository . )
On the clients
Each user can now create their own copy of the central repository :
$ git clone ssh://example.org/git/foo.git
Initialized empty
Git repository in /home / ams / foo/.git/
This clone is now configured to track the central repository , which means that git pull will pull any commits from it that you do n't have already , and git push will push any new commits back to it .
The next sections explain how this works .
( Note : You 'll see a warning about having cloned an empty repository if you did n't push anything into foo .git .
There 's no problem with starting from scratch , but you need to remember that the very first push back to the central repository is special .
More about that later . )
Let 's pretend the original repository looks like the following diagram .
The dots are commits , and there are two branches named master and other :
Pushing and pulling
The newly - cloned repositories can refer to the central repository as " origin " , which is just a handy alias for the full ssh:// URL .
During the initial cloning operation , any branches that exist in the origin repository are saved as " remote branches " in the clone .
A branch named x in origin would be named remotes / origin /x on the clone .
Remote branches are meant to represent the state of a remote repository , so you should n't commit to them directly .
Instead , you should create a local branch that follows or tracks any remote branch you 're interested in ; and this is done automatically for the default branch , conventionally named master .
After the clone , you will have a remote branch named remotes / origin / master , and a local branch named master , which is checked out already .
The former represents the latest commit in origin .
The latter follows along , but will include your own local commits too .
When you git commit , your master branch is updated to point to the new commit .
When you git push , your master is used to update origin's master .
When you git pull , origin's master is used to update your remotes / origin / master branch , which in turn is used to update your own master branch .
Other people 's changes
When multiple people push commits to a shared origin , the update process involves an extra step .
Suppose you push a commit while a colleague creates a new local commit of her own .
When she tries to git push , the server rejects the push so as to not lose your commit ( which she does n't have ) .
She must then run git pull , which will first update her origin / master remote branch to include your commit , then merge it into her master so that it includes both her commit and yours .
Her next git push will push the merged branch to origin .
If you run git pull next , your origin / master will be updated to match origin's new master , then merged into your master so that you have your colleague 's commit too , besides any new ones of your own .
If you run git pull without making any local changes , Git will update the remote - tracking branch , and fast - forward your local branch to the new commit without creating a new merge commit to record the event .
Merging and conflicts
If the various commits do not conflict , Git will merge them with no intervention .
Otherwise , it will merge any non-conflicting changes automatically and ask you to resolve the remaining conflicts by hand .
Run git status to see which files have been merged , and which ones need your attention .
Look for ====== conflict markers in each unmerged file , edit the surrounding text to fix the problem , and run git add filename to mark that file as resolved .
When you 're done , run git commit to complete the merge .
See git-merge ( 1 ) for more details .
Using other branches
You can create new local branches with git branch branchname and switch between branches with git checkout branchname .
To push a new branch to the server , run git push origin branchname .
This will create a branch named branchname in origin , and remotes / origin / branchname in your repository .
Anyone who then runs git pull will get their own pair of remote - tracking and local branches of that name .
If you do not explicitly push your new local branches , they stay in your repository and are invisible to others .
git push by default pushes only those branches that already exist on the server .
This is why you have to explicitly git push origin master the first time you push to an empty central repository .
In contrast , git pull will create local copies of any new branches on the server .
You can also use git remote to add nicknames for other repositories than origin .
You 'll get a new set of remote - tracking branches for the new remote repository , and you will have to specify the name as an argument to git push and git pull , but the transfer of commits will otherwise work in exactly the same way .
Pulling and pushing can be much more flexible than described here — you can specify what branches to track and update automatically , have different local names for branches , and so on .
See git-push ( 1 ) and git- pull ( 1 ) for more .
Outgrowing this setup
Git offers many other workflow and configuration possibilities .
Here are a few directions to explore .
Use hooks to automate tasks like sending email to the developers for every commit or enforcing coding standards .
There are graphical frontends like git-cola and QGit , and repository browsers like gitk and Gitweb ( both distributed with Git ) .
Use them to browse history and assign blame .
Use git -bisect to find out which commit broke a particular test case .
You may eventually need to provide read - only repository access to people outside your own team / network — set up git-daemon .
To give someone write access , just give them an ssh account on the server ; or install gitolite ( the better - documented and better - maintained alternative to gitosis ) for fine - grained access control and easier user management .
With more users , the " everything in the master branch " model described here may prove inadequate .
There are many workflows that take advantage of Git 's easy branching and merging , such as this nicely - illustrated one and the suggestions in gitworkflows ( 7 ) .
Even if you adopt a more decentralised approach , you can keep using your formerly - central repository as a fixed point of contact and for backups .
Questions are welcome
Questions are welcome , no matter how basic they are .
By asking them , you may help to improve this tutorial , and thus help future readers .
Thanks to everyone who commented on this document .
Have you ever wondered who else shares your Libertarian principles , especially those in the media spotlight ?
Look here for a list of famous individuals , categorized by their field of work , who are known supporters of the libertarian philosophy .
Email Share Pin Reddit 0 Shares
Way back in the 1990 ’s there was a fun little show on TV called ST , DS9 .
It was a time when big hand built models from plastic , wood and steel were constructed to be filmed on a motion control stage , , , Wooo - WEEEE that all seems so long ago !!!
because of the huge cost factor to make and shoot a model the call for new ships on DS9 were far a few between .
For the final seasons of the show there were a few calls for a handfull of new ships to be created for a few choice episodes , , who would have thought that in just a few years forward you would have single episodes with as many as 5 to six new ships filling the screen like flys on a cows butt !!!
HAAA !
So with that here is the super big daddy dominion battleship called for to challenge the crew of the tiny Defiant class ship “ the Valiant ” the ship went thru a few small changes but kept it ’s overall mass and shape throughout the illustrated process !!
here are the sketches that were developed plus some very nice schematic and size charts from Brad and Gilso ’s web pages .
here are the links to both of their sites .
and also the link to the mighty Ex-astris - Scientia page that is awfully darned cool , !!
very nice site and full of very accurate scales and definitions to the various ST vehicles !!!
http://www.strekschematics.utvinternet.com/fleetchart/domfleet/domfleet.html
http://home.comcast.net/~ststcsolda/other/dominion/battleship/battleship.html
http://www.ex-astris-scientia.org/articles/dominion-battleship.htm
A little over a week ago Apple released a new draft of their iPhone developer program license which contained the following clause :
3.3.1 — Applications may only use Documented APIs in the manner prescribed by Apple and must not use or call any private APIs .
Applications must be originally written in Objective -C , C , C++ , or JavaScript as executed by the iPhone OS WebKit engine , and only code written in C , C++ , and Objective - C may compile and directly link against the Documented APIs ( e.g. , Applications that link to Documented APIs through an intermediary translation or compatibility layer or tool are prohibited ) .
Essentially , this has the effect of restricting applications built with a number of technologies , including Unity , Titanium , MonoTouch , and Flash CS5 .
While it appears that Apple may selectively enforce the terms , it is our belief that Apple will enforce those terms as they apply to content created with Flash CS5 .
Developers should be prepared for Apple to remove existing content and applications ( 100 + on the store today ) created with Flash CS5 from the iTunes store .
We will still be shipping the ability to target the iPhone and iPad in Flash CS5 .
However , we are not currently planning any additional investments in that feature .
To be clear , during the entire development cycle of Flash CS5 , the feature complied with Apple ’s licensing terms .
However , as developers for the iPhone have learned , if you want to develop for the iPhone you have to be prepared for Apple to reject or restrict your development at anytime , and for seemingly any reason .
In just the past week Apple also changed its licensing terms to essentially prohibit ad networks other than its own on the iPhone , and it came to light that Apple had rejected an application from a Pulitzer Prize winning cartoonist on editorial grounds ( which Apple later said was a “ mistake ” ) .
The primary goal of Flash has always been to enable cross browser , platform and device development .
The cool web game that you build can easily be targeted and deployed to multiple platforms and devices .
However , this is the exact opposite of what Apple wants .
They want to tie developers down to their platform , and restrict their options to make it difficult for developers to target other platforms .
There is plenty of commentary online about this , so I wo n’t belabor the point , but I have included some links below that cover it more depth :
So , was all of the work on the iPhone packager a waste of time and resources ?
No , I do n’t believe so .
We proved that :
There is no technical reason that Flash ca n’t run on the iPhone Developers can create well performing and compelling content for the device with Flash
However , more importantly , the teams implemented features ( such as hardware acceleration and Ahead of Time compilation ) that we will now be able to leverage for other devices and platforms .
We have gained knowledge and experience that are being directly applied to Flash Player 10.1 and Adobe AIR 2.0 for other mobile operating systems .
Fortunately , the iPhone is n’t the only game in town .
Android based phones have been doing well behind the success of the Motorola Droid and Nexus One , and there are a number of Android based tablets slated to be released this year .
We are working closely with Google to bring both Flash Player 10.1 and Adobe AIR 2.0 to these devices , and thus far , the results have been very promising .
Because this is Flash , it is rather trivial to port games created with Flash that target the iPhone to target other operating systems , such as Android .
At FlashCamp San Francisco on Friday night , David Wadhwani ( GM and VP of the Flash Platform ) showed off a number of games running on Android that had been created with Flash , many of which had already been deployed as iPhone games .
My personal favorites were Chroma Circuit and GridShock created by Josh Tynjala of Bowler Hat Games .
Both games were originally developed as browser based games and were then updated to target the iPhone ( Chroma Circuit was featured on the iTunes app store ) .
Josh recently updated and optimized them to target Flash Player on Android , and the results have been impressive .
There have already been a couple of developers who have moved their Flash based content from the iPhone to Flash on Android ( couple of examples below ) and I expect that this is a trend we will be seeing more and more of .
Here are some links to developers who originally targeted the iPhone with their Flash content and are now deploying to Android :
Both Flash Player 10.1 and Adobe AIR 2.0 for Android are in pre-release testing .
If you are interested in being notified when we expand the testing , you can sign up at :
Personally , I am going to shift all of my mobile focus from iPhone to Android based devices ( I am particularly interested in the Android based tablets coming out this year ) and not focus on the iPhone stuff as much anymore .
This includes both Flash based , and Objective - C based iPhone development .
While I actually enjoy working in Objective -C , I do n’t have any current plans to update and / or maintain my existing native iPhone applications ( including the AS3 Reference Guide , and Timetrocity ) .
As I wrote previously , I think that the closed system that Apple is trying to create is bad for the industry , developers and ultimately consumers , and that is not something that I want to actively promote .
Do n’t worry though , I definitely plan to get both Pew Pew and Bacon Unicorn Adventure running on Android and am planning on open sourcing both .
We are at the beginning of a significant change in the industry , and I believe that ultimately open platforms will win out over the type of closed , locked down platform that Apple is trying to create .
I am excited about Flash Player 10.1 and Adobe AIR 2.0 and all of the opportunities that they will make available to Flash developers across multiple platforms ( desktop , Android , Palm , Windows Phone 7 , RIM , etc… ) .
NOTE : Please keep comments constructive and on topic .
Off topic comments will be moderated / deleted .
( And yes , commenting that “ Flash SUXXORS ! ” or calling me a “ wanker ” are considered off topic ) .
UPDATE ( September 10 , 2010 ) : Apple has updated their licensing terms and now allow addition tools and technologies to be used to develop iPhone / iOS applications .
You can find more information on how this impacts Flash here .
It 's officially bad news for that Motorola Droid Android 2.1 update , folks .
BGR snagged a shot that looks like the same internals that we 've been seeing .
And this one 's not welcome .
" The OTA software update for the DROID by Motorola is TBD .
A new date will be communicated as soon as possible . "
and
" The 3/18 OTA software update will not happen as planned .
A new data will be communicated as soon as possible . "
Ca n't spell it out any worse than that .
Sorry , folks .
Feel free to vent your conspiracy theory in the comments .
[ via BGR ]
Update :
And this was just posted to Motorola 's Facebook page .
No , it does n't help .
" Thanks for your continued patience .
We aim to answer each and every question ; if your post is n't answered immediately , please know that we 're looking into your question so that we can provide the most up - to - date information as possible . "
In other news , Android and Me says the delay has been attributed to the company that actually handles the over - the - air distribution .
That sounds right to us , because Verizon has already pushed out the update to some of its employees , and they 're reporting no problems with the ROM .
Stay tuned .
If you 're not online , you 're missing a key component of the legalization debate in California , where the writing is on 56,000 Walls .
Tax Cannabis 2010 has an impressive 56,075 fans on their Facebook page , more than the governor , Jerry Brown , Meg Whitman , and Steve Poizner — combined .
Fifty - six thousand individuals constitutes a massive reformer army getting daily updates from the TaxCann2010 website .
They 're also organizing to raise funds .
The latest public target is $ 42,000 by April 20 , 2010 .
Opposition groups like CALM or NipItintheBud2010.org on Facebook ?
Nothing .
Zilch .
Nada .
That might be to the opposition 's detriment , says Larry Tramutola , veteran Oakland political consultant with no stake in the initiative .
He says Facebook , Twitter , and other online networks are fast replacing the sometimes infantile dialog found in mainstream media outlets .
For example , look at LA Weekly 's dumb pun last week about a Tax Cannabis campaign financier :
“ Maybe [ Men's Warehouse CEO George ]
Zimmer , who resides in Northern California , should change his motto : ' You 're going to like the way you toke .
I guarantee it . ' ”
Inspired stuff .
Meanwhile , Tax Cannabis 2010 aggregates links to meaningful stories , and offers personal testimonies from cops and kids .
Visitors can volunteer to endorse the measure , secure endorsements , host parties and fundraisers , volunteer for phone banks , blog for the campaign , and help further organize online .
It looks clean and professional , and best of all , it works .
That 's just the tip of the iceberg .
Groups like MMJ News on Yahoo and the Media Awareness Project aggregate headlines daily , and disseminate them to activists who watchdog press and pundits .
Bullshit gets called out .
“ We 're seeing a rapid decline in the influence of straight media on electoral campaigns , ” says Tramutola .
“ We have the partisan press now .
It may be decided in the blogosphere .
It may be decided on informal networks .
People just have more options today . ”
In another barometer : California users of Google have been searching about equally for “ Meg Whitman ” , “ Jerry Brown ” and “ legalization ” over the last year .
The numbers are dwarfed however by the number of California residents who apparently are n't interested in voting and are just searching for “ marijuana ” .
There are no armed guards on the gate of Number 17 Ben-Gurion Boulevard in Tel Aviv , just a tired , two - storey villa set back from the street and an open door that leads to a dark kitchen and a little room with a cot on the floor .
There are bricks over the window above the neat little bed – to protect its owner and his wife Paula from Egyptian bombs during the 1956 Israeli invasion of Sinai , and the 1967 war – but upstairs is the bejewelled centre of this little home , David Ben - Gurion 's library of 20,000 books .
I pad through this den , scribbling in my notebook any clues to the mind of this most persuasive of Israeli leaders .
Most of the books are in Hebrew – on religion , histories of the Zionist movement , research on Eretz Israel – but the creator of Israel and its first prime minister was also a linguist .
There are Demosthenes and Homer in Greek , a three - volume history of the Hellenistic world , Julius Caesar in French , Duff Cooper 's life of Tallyrand , George Bernard Shaw 's complete works , a history of Vichy France , Henry Picker 's Hitler 's Table Talk ( in English ) , Freud on psychology ( in German ) , Guy Chapman 's The Dreyfus Case , histories of Israel ( including his own ) , a series on Jewish Influences on Christian Reform Movements .
Ben -Gurion learned Spanish so that he could read a new biography of Cervantes .
He loved Spinoza .
Then there are the photographs .
Ben -Gurion with de Gaulle , with Kennedy and with a sad and debilitated Churchill , in 1961 .
Ben -Gurion wanted to read Churchill 's almost forgotten essay on Moses ; Churchill 's letter to him , enclosing a copy of Thoughts and Adventures , is a little classic .
" I have re-read it , " Churchill wrote , " ... and I would not particularly wish it to be remembered as one of my literary works . "
But it was the set of Ben - Gurion 's quotations that caught my eye : statements on the eternal morality of the State of Israel , messages from the great man – who physically was a very little man ( I opened his bedroom cupboard and there were jackets and trousers of almost midget size ) – in time of war .
Here is Ben-Gurion , for example , during Israel 's War of Independence – the Palestinian Arab ' Nakba ' – when he feared that Jewish forces would destroy Muslim holy places in Jerusalem , cabling on 15 July 1948 .
" Further to my previous order relating to the Old City – you should see to it that the special force to be appointed for guarding the Old City uses mercilessly machine - guns against any Jew , and especially any Jewish soldier , who will try to pillage or to desecrate any Christian or Moslim holy place . "
In 1967 , he was boasting of how , during the establishment of the state of Israel , " we did not damage any single mosque . "
Yet he was already creating myths .
The undamaged mosques , he wrote in the same statement , were found in villages " without a single Moslem , as all of them had already fled during the [ British ] Mandatory rule and before the declaration of the State ... "
Amid the detritus of Ben-Gurion 's life , his thick - framed spectacles , his Quink fountain pen ink ( " permanent black " ) , the willow - pattern plates , the original 1951 Marc Chagall sketch of a rabbi with a harp , the old transistor radio in the shelter – we shall forget the elephant tusk from the president of Gabon – there are musings on the morality and nobility and purity of arms of Israel 's army .
" The fate of Israel depends on two factors : her strength and her rectitude . "
And again .
" The State of Israel will not be tried by its riches , army or techniques , but by its moral image and human values . "
During the blood - soaked Israeli siege of Beirut in 1982 , an event which marked the decline of that rectitude and moral image , a wonderful Doonesbury cartoon depicted a press conference in which an anonymous voice asked an Israeli spokesman : " What has become of the Israel we knew and loved ? "
And the immediate rejoinder to the questioner ?
" Come off it , Yasser ! "
For in a sense , the lugubrious Arafat did adhere to Ben - Gurion 's myth - making .
In the end , he even signed up for peace with the state which had already taken 78 per cent of the land he called home .
He was a super - terrorist who became a super - statesman and then – after refusing to submit at the final Camp David meeting – became a super - terrorist again .
The truth is that Israel has destroyed many mosques , that the original Palestinian Arab victims of the 1947 - 8 war did not all flee , as Ben-Gurion suggested ; many , like the doomed men and women of the Deir Yassin massacre , were murdered in their villages .
The Israeli army , to some of us who have watched it in action , is a rabble , little different from the Arab armies of the Middle East .
The numbers of civilian dead in the Gaza war were as much an outrage as the Sabra and Chatila massacre of 1982 when Israeli soldiers watched – quite literally – as the Lebanese militia they had sent into the refugee camps eviscerated the Palestinian civilians inside .
Foreign journalists continue to prattle on about the supposed purity of Israel 's soldiers .
" Israel has already proved itself the most restrained nation in history .
It has set an all - time record for restraint , " one Robert Fulford waffled in the Canadian National Post in January last year , at the height of the Gaza slaughter , when even Tzipi Livni admitted Israel 's soldiers had been allowed to " go wild " .
Israel 's own rightist correspondents still portray the outside world as a dark , malevolent planet in which every criticism of Israel emerges from endemic anti-semitism , in which Nazism did not die in the embers of Berlin in 1945 .
The Jerusalem Post , bashes the drum of racism almost daily .
" Berlin Holocaust studies professor slammed for defending Nazi mentor . "
" Weisenthal slams Ukraine award to nationalist linked to Nazis . "
" Dershowitz : Goldstone is a traitor to the Jewish people . "
I do n't doubt that Stepan Bandera 's Ukrainian nationalist movement was a dodgy bunch of racists – and its original adherents were indeed anti-semitic murderers in the Second World War – but where does this end ?
The Simon Weisenthal Centre – named after a truly honourable man whom I once met in Vienna as he campaigned for Gypsy as well as Jewish victims of the Nazis – is the same organisation which is now proposing to build a ' Museum of Tolerance ' on an ancient Muslim graveyard in west Jerusalem .
And poor old Richard Goldstone , a Jewish jurist and another honourable man whom I met in the Hague when he was investigating war crimes in ex-Yugoslavia , is a ' traitor ' because he said that Israeli soldiers may have committed war crimes in Gaza ; in other words , Goldstone – for this is the point – should have allowed his ethnic origins to rule in Israel 's favour rather than abide by the rule of law .
Last week , in the dog - day resort of Herzliya , I attended much of the vast conference of Israel 's great and good – or at least the largely right - wing variety – to find out how they now saw the country that was founded amid such danger by Ben -Gurion 62 years ago .
It was the same old story .
" The Palestinians are the ones who are today the naysayers " – this from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's ' security advisor ' , Uzi Arad – and the Goldstone Report had now become part of an insidious campaign against Israel , an attempt to " delegitimise " ( this is the newest cliché ) the state .
There were boycotts of Israeli goods .
Bonfires were made of Israeli products .
" I do not know anyone whose stomach does not turn " at such a sight , said Arad .
Michael Hoenlein , vice - chairman of the immensely powerful Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organisations , ann - ounced that Obama 's " engagement " with Syria and Iran had failed .
Obama 's administration had been " supportive " over Goldstone ( i.e. gutlessly supine in criticising a report which it had not even read ) .
Obama now realised it had to work with Israel .
There was unanimous consent in the US Senate over Iranian sanctions .
No -one mentioned settlements or colonies .
I was reminded of Hannah Arendt 's observation that the congress of World Zionist Organisation 's American section in October 1944 would " embrace the whole of Palestine , undivided and undiminished " .
She went on : " This is a turning point in Zionist history ...
This time the Arabs were simply not mentioned in the resolution , which obviously leaves them the choice between voluntary emigration or second - class citizenship . "
For Arendt , the Atlantic City congress reflected " the tremendously increased importance of American Jewry and American Zionism ... "
The result was to forfeit any chance of Arab interlocutors , " leaving the door wide open for an outside power to take over " .
And it is worth quoting Arendt once more : " ... the Zionists , if they continue to ignore the Mediterranean peoples and watch out only for the big faraway powers , will appear only as their tools , the agents of foreign and hostile interests .
Jews who know their own history should be aware that such a state of affairs will inevitably lead to a new wave of Jew - hatred ; the anti- semitism of tomorrow will assert that Jews not only profiteered from the presence of the foreign big powers in that region but had actually plotted it and hence are guilty of the consequences . "
At Herzliya , Arendt 's words were as if they did not exist .
Repeatedly , we heard that Israeli officials might not be able to travel for fear of war crimes indictments against them – which suggests that Goldstone 's report is indeed biting .
Danny Ayalon , the Deputy Foreign Minister who preposterously ' sofa - ed ' the Turkish ambassador last month , obviously smelt defeat for Obama 's original Cairo message of pro-Muslim appeasement and criticism of Israel .
The Israeli -American relationship had " never been better " , he told us .
Obama had pledged a $ 30 bn ( £ 19 bn ) package for Israel over 10 years , America had given " iron - clad " security guarantees to Israel .
Israel 's antagonists will behave better " when the Arab side knows there is no daylight between Israel and the United States . "
Ron Prosor , Israel 's ambassador to London , announced that while Britain had once ruled the waves , it now ruled the airwaves .
The battlefield was now in British universities , in Leeds , in Manchester , at SOAS , in institutions that preach to " students from all over the world " who enter into a " grinder " dominated by the " liberal left " .
Ehud Barak – small , almost diminutive , hands constantly waving in front of his face but an oddly congenial personality , the kind of guy it would be good to have next to you at dinner – announced that Israel was " facing a complication of threats from near and far " .
The " near " bit was the Palestinians , the " far " , of course , was Iran .
There could be no bi-national state – did anyone want a Bosnia or a Belfast in the Zionist dream ?
Barak , Defence Minister , former prime minister and – more interestingly – former head of military intelligence , was in orator mode .
" I said to Arafat ... I told Abu Mazen ( Mahmoud Abbas ) ' Your most difficult decisions will have to be taken with your own people , not with Netanyahu ' ... "
He quoted Barbara Tuchman on " the despotism of circumstances " and Robert Frost on " good fences make good neighbours " , he quoted Churchill – " a pessimist sees a difficulty in every opportunity . "
And along came Salam Fayyad , Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority , who apparently thought he was to take part in a discussion rather than make a speech .
He pleaded for an end to settlement building – he did not use the word ' colonisation ' – and to Israeli " incursions " and he did not – once – mention the word ' Hamas ' .
An obedient man , Fayyad , a good guy , someone with whom the Israelis could ' do business ' because – as Barak and his friends in the Israeli government keep telling us – " it takes two to tango . "
Tzipi Livni turned up to tell us that over the past 40 years " a certain reality has been created on the ground " – she meant settlements – " which takes very little of the surface of Judea and Samaria " .
This was extraordinary .
The leader of the Israeli opposition believes the colonisation of the West Bank " took little " territory .
If Area C – the Israeli - occupied part of the West Bank – is already lost , then Mr Fayyad and his chums in their ' Authority ' have less than 10 per cent of the original mandate ' Palestine ' to claim .
Livni , too , was against " a two - nation state " because " I have a doubt whether Jews will be able to live in that state at all . "
I rather think Tzipi Livni is right about that , but she added that " no one will want to supply the keys of a Palestinian state to Hamas " .
Too true .
But is n't it up to the Palestinians to elect their leadership , rather than Israel ?
It was Major General Benny Gantz who fascinated me .
Benny is Israel 's military deputy chief of staff – and anyone who lives in this " tough neighbourhood " ( I am borrowing Barak 's coinage ) takes folk like Benny very seriously .
I live in Lebanon which is regularly visited by the Israeli air force , so I looked upon this dapper , slim officer – hair greying , with a Julius Caesar fringe – with almost fatal concern .
His decisions – and he will probably be the next chief of staff – could cost me , or anyone else in Lebanon , dearly .
The Gaza war , which most Israelis seem to refer to as ' Operation Cast Lead ' , and the ' Second Lebanon War ' – a reference to the 2006 conflict with the Hizbollah which was , in fact , Israel 's fifth Lebanon war ( the 1978 , 1982 , 1993 , 1996 wars being the previous ones ) – was part of a " learning process " which Israel and its enemies underwent .
Iran was obviously Benny 's prime target .
Iran was " continuing to develop its nuclear project " and Israel was watching its " long - standing firing abilities ... exercises , drills , manoeuvring " and the " trickle - down " effect of all this on " terrorist organisations " .
Israel could not ignore this situation .
" We should be prepared ... but of course I 'm not going to elaborate on that point . "
Indeed ,
Benny would not want to elaborate on this point – an Israeli attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities – which is the nightmare of not just the Middle East but of the Obama administration as well .
Where he did talk frankly , however , he was very much to the point .
The Lebanese Hizbollah was not just receiving smuggled weapons .
" This is not ' smuggling ' but a real arms transfer . "
These new weapons , he said , were being deployed in villages that will become operational bases in a future war .
And the government of Lebanon – which includes Hizbollah ministers – will be held responsible .
Thus did Benny Gantz portray the next slaughter in the Middle East ; if the Palestinians of Gaza were responsible for the bloodbath a year ago – this is , after all , the Israeli line – then the people of Lebanon will be responsible for their next war .
Indeed , they will pay the price .
And in case any of us thought that the Gaza war might make Israel 's generals a bit worried about war crimes arrests on European holidays , there was Major General Gadi Eizenkot , Israel 's northern military commander , telling a Tel Aviv conference that Israel had the " moral " right to disproportionately attack Hizbollah " strongholds " in Lebanese villages .
He suggested that 160 Shia Muslim villages in the UN 's area of control were now arms storage dumps – a palpable untruth , as the UN knows – and that villages further to the north were being turned into a " battleground " , which is indeed much closer to the truth .
But is there not another country in the Middle East which is receiving a " real arms transfer " ?
Was it not a corporate vice president of Lockheed Martin who announced last month – in Bahrain of all places – that his company hopes to sign a deal with Israel for up to 100 new F - 35 jets , replacements for the F - 16s that did so much damage to Gaza ?
Patrick Dewar , I should add , hoped to flog more of these planes to Gulf countries – which means Saudi Arabia – although we can be sure they wo n't have quite the state - of - the - art offensive power as the ones sold to Israel .
Israel itself is building more Merkava tanks and Namer armoured personnel carriers , completing a new squadron of Heron pilotless but missile - firing ' drone ' aircraft with a 26 - metre wingspan – the same as a Boeing 737 – and a maximum altitude of 45,000 feet , and acquiring new C130 Hercules aircraft and an upgrading of Apache helicopters with new advanced radar and targeting capabilities .
But Herzliya was , in the end , the same old story .
Israel was surrounded by enemies , a small , vulnerable nation – we shall forget , here , its own estimated 264 nuclear warheads – under attack by the world for daring to defend itself .
Up in Jerusalem , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was toasting that old scoundrel Silvio Berlusconi , who had announced that " my greatest dream is to include Israel among the European Union countries " .
Italy and Israel were proud , he said , that they were part of a Judeo - Christian culture that is the basis for European culture .
This was a bit much .
Roman colonial rule in Judea and Samaria was a savage period in Jewish history and the fascist ruler of Italy – with whom Berlusconi sometimes shares an astonishing physical similarity – was not mentioned .
Netanyahu called the Italian Prime Minister a " courageous leader who is a great champion of freedom and a great supporter of peace . "
It was a bit like Herzliya : an epic of self - delusion .
Silvio Berlusconi and I do have one thing in common : a liking for that fine Jerusalem hotel , the King David , whose staff are among the politest and friendliest in the world .
I say this not just because they let me use their reception lap - top computer when the business centre closed down for the Sabbath , but because the bearded head of finance once asked me if he looked like a member of the Hizbollah .
( And yes , I told him , he does . )
The King David has even produced a video which boasts how someone who later became prime minister – one Menachem Begin – once blew it up ( 92 Britons , Arabs and Jews dead ) .
But now I find a new booklet in my room , Jerusalem – Step by Step , by Batya and Avigdor Kornboim , which critiques other hotels .
And of the American Colony Hotel in east Jerusalem , the Kornboims write : " Its proximity to the neighbourhood mosque and muezzin may prove bothersome . "
Well , yes , I suppose they could be " bothersome " , like those pesky minarets which the Swiss rightly decided to object to .
Or the wall – longer , taller , than the Berlin Wall so let 's call it The Wall – which snakes into the occupied West Bank and steals yet more Arab land for Israel .
It is true – it is a fact – that it has decreased the number of suicide bombers in Israel , but it is an outrage , as internationally illegal as it is a blinding , ugly scar on the face of the Holy Land .
True , the Ottomans built walls round Jerusalem , just as the Protestant once built walls round Derry , but this thing is an excrescence , not so much Prince Charles ' carbuncle on the face of a much - loved friend as the wall of a vast ghetto .
Just who is inside the ghetto – the Palestinians or the Israelis – I am not quite sure .
But it is a monument to failure , proof positive that there is no Middle East peace .
Proof , indeed , that there will not be a peace between ' Palestine ' – which , as we all know , does not exist – and Israel .
I travel to Bethlehem , to Area ' A ' , controlled – if that word can ever have licence in the Middle East – by Fayyad 's ' Palestinian Authority ' , and there , in the grotty coffee - shop beside the Church of the Nativity is Salah Atamari , former governor ( no longer – for reasons hedged in uncertainty ) of this little town and , in a former life , head of the 12,000 prisoners in the notorious Ansar prison in Lebanon .
We have met before – though he does n't remember this – and Atamari struck up a friendship in 1982 with the Israeli commander of the camp , a certain Colonel Meir Rosenfeld , who lived in Nazareth ( Israeli friends insist he is still alive ) and was " a courageous and straightforward man – his family perished in Auschwitz " .
The Holocaust is part of the grammar of Israel .
Gantz told us that his mother , who died eight months ago , was a Holocaust survivor .
" When a rocket fell near her home [ during the Gaza war ] , she said to me on the telephone : " Do n't stop sending them food – but do n't stop fighting them . "
And I remembered my own mother ( who was not a Holocaust survivor but who joined the RAF in 1940 ) telling me during the 1982 Israeli siege of Beirut that I should stay in the west of the city because if – as the Israelis insisted – journalists should leave the Lebanese capital , it would allow the Israeli army to kill more civilians .
I think my Mum was right .
Benny Gantz thought his Mum was right .
But back to Salah Atamari .
" Obama is not a sultan in an isolated , deserted oasis .
He can not go against the establishment .
Can Hamas and Fatah be mature ?
Maturity means breaking away from innocence .
I am against Hamas , ideologically and intellectually speaking ...
They turned their back on their heritage as Palestinians .
They thought they could turn it into Islamic rule .
I am in favour of elections .
Let Hamas rule if they can .
As a Fatah member , we always advocated a one - state solution where we live with Israelis with equal rights in one democratic state .
I think this is inevitable , after maybe 50 , or 100 years .
Peace is inevitable .
I know that the Israelis go crazy when you talk of a one - state solution .
But one day they may come to us and say : ' Let 's stop this stupid , bloody conflict .
Let 's live together . '
The two - state solution is passing . "
I ponder this thought .
I do not believe in the one - state solution .
I suspect Livni is right about this .
But then we have Meron Benvenisti arguing in Ha'aretz that " the artificial existence of the Palestinian Authority in itself perpetuates the status quo because it salutes the illusion that the situation is temporary and that the ' peace process ' will soon end it " .
Half the occupied West Bank , Benvenisti says , has effectively been annexed , " leaving the occupied population with disconnected lands and no viable existence .
Only a strategy of permanent rule can explain the vast settlement enterprise and the enormous investment in housing and infrastructure estimated at $ 100bn . "
And it is true that the huge colonisation project – you have only to look at the vast tracts of land taken from the Palestinians for Jews , and Jews only , to understand this – is permanent .
These are the " facts on the ground " .
Benvenisti disregards the idea that only Canada and Switzerland proved the worth of the bi-national model .
He wants " soft " internal boundaries , as in federated or confederated states .
I look to Atamari to rid me of this argument .
" I am a Bethlehemite .
This means something .
It means deep faith in the inevitability of peace and justice .
I believe our focus should be the unity of our society ...
We should empower our civil establishment and be an active part of our human society . "
Yitzak Rabin was killed because of his opposition to the Jewish settlements , Atamari says , and the suicide bombings of the Palestinians made them losers at both the Israeli and the international level .
" I was part of the Palestinian Authority ... now we are doing well , but we cannot build our authority under occupation , with 11,000 prisoners in jail . "
Atamari looks away .
He talks about the Ansar prison camp , about the Israeli bulldozer which mutilated the bodies of four prisoners who were hiding in the camp .
" There were no informers in the camp , " he says .
" I issued a statement to the prisoners , that if you have any information about any prisoner , you must inform our leadership . "
But Ansar was infamous for its informers .
Atamari met John Le Carré in Sidon in December of 1981 , and told him – so he says – " the other side of the story " .
But what is the " other side " ?
I travel around ' Area C ' , the huge area – more than 60 per cent – of the West Bank which is already lost to the Palestinians , and I look at The Wall .
It snakes across orchards , through villages , over hills like a beast , a confidence trick , a massive indictment of political failure .
Is this to be here forever ?
Or is it – as Netanyahu claims – temporary ; which means that it can move further east , towards the Jordan river rather than away from it ?
I drive to Gaza .
It 's as bad as they say .
Schools , hotels , companies are sliding into the ' Islamist ' Hamas regime .
Headscarved women , a strict schooling for children , no serious political debate .
When I hand over my passport to the lady from Hamas , I notice the warning on the wall behind her : " ON THE INSTRUCTION OF THE MINISTRY OF INTERIOR TO PREVENT ALL FORMS OF LIQUOR ( the capital letters now disappear ) are confiscated immediately be seized and destroyed and poured in front of their owners . "
Ye Gods !
The Palestinians of Gaza are besieged ; they are under the most odious sanctions ; they have to build their homes from mud .
And they threaten infidels that liquor will be destroyed ?
In front of their owners ?
Has Hamas lost its moral compass ?
Or is this part of the lunatic law in which we must now believe ?
In Gaza , I find Palestinians living in tents beside homes that were destroyed in the war a year ago , living in mud homes constructed by the United Nations .
One family greets me amid a pool of water and mud , the woman slopping through the filth in her plastic shoes .
Her family of 11 children has been dispossessed by a greedy landlord who wanted more money , no war victims these but refugees from society .
They were Bedouins .
Indeed , their family , the Moughasibs , originally came from a village near the Israeli town of Sderot – yes , that very hamlet so beloved of Hamas ' rockets , original name Deir el - Balah , though of course we do n't mention that today – and before the ' Nakba ' , the disaster of the Palestinians , they lived there , in a tent .
In a tent before their catastrophe and in a tent after the Gaza war .
I splash back to the car , but there is to be a meeting with the Hamas ' Deputy Foreign Minister ' , Ahmed Youssef .
My driver , Ashraf , is worried about my shoes .
He washes them , one by one , under a garage hose - pipe and then he cleans the rubber floor of the car .
And when we arrive at the home of Ahmed Youssef , the ' House of Wisdom ' – it might also be translated as the ' House of Reflection ' – I understand why .
Shoes are left at the door .
The sofa and pillows are immaculate , the marble floor spotless .
No muck from the Moughasibs must stain this place .
Nabil Shaath has just been visiting , that scion of the Palestinian Authority .
They talked about the lifting of sanctions and the rebuilding of Gaza ( some hope ! ) and about the preparedness of Hamas to allow Palestinians loyal to the Authority to return " unless they were involved in bloody clashes " .
Odd , this .
The Israelis refuse to free Palestinian prisoners who have " blood on their hands " .
Now Hamas uses the same terminology about its enemies .
It 's like the Israeli government demanding that the Lebanese government disarm Hizbollah – an idea that would split the Lebanese army and create a new civil war .
Just as the Palestinians demand the withdrawal of all Jewish colonies in the West Bank – which the Israeli government wo n't contemplate for fear of , yes , civil war .
The Hizbollah and the settlers have more in common than they realise ( as perhaps my finance officer at the King David Hotel knows all too well ) .
Youssef is all smiles .
Yes , Mohamed Dahlan , the hated PLO security boss , can return to Gaza – but he must use Hamas 's own security men for his protection .
He wanted to come back with his own protection – this could not be tolerated .
" He did not accept Hamas security .
He wanted other political factions to take care of his security . "
I ask about the Hamas murders of collaborators during the Gaza war a year ago .
They killed 35 Palestinians , almost three times the number of Israelis who died in the war .
Youssef is a little cowed by this .
The police and security authorities were attacked , he said .
Individual people who wanted revenge for the death of their loved ones wanted retaliation .
In some cases , they were waiting at the homes of the collaborators to kill them .
" Revenge is part of our culture here .
If there is no law - and - order , people will sometimes take the law into their own hands . "
This is extraordinary .
The Deputy Foreign Minister of Hamas is telling me that revenge is part of Palestinian " culture " .
But then he talks about negotiating with the Israelis – which , of course , Hamas did , before it became the " centre of world terror " .
" The Israelis always take you into this big room of optimism .
But you quickly figure out that there is , after the light at the end of the tunnel , another tunnel and then light and then tunnel after tunnel . "
And could Tony Blair help ?
And here I suspect my heart might warm to Youssef – as indeed it does .
" He is a very hypocritical man .
He says something one day and the next day he says something else . "
There , indeed , lies the man we watched speaking before the Chilcott inquiry a few days ago .
And of course , it all boils down to this .
The Israeli - Arab conflict is about land .
It is about colonies and walls and about bi-national states and two states and – in the end – about who has power .
The Israelis with their eternal American supporters ?
Or the Palestinians , hopelessly divided and soaked – in Gaza , at least – in corruption and nepotism .
The tunnels that feed Gaza are skimmed for profits by Hamas .
At the law firm of Sindel Noble , our attorneys bring a level of skill and experience to our clients ’ cases that few law firms can match .
We have been serving the needs of the community since 1937 and we are dedicated to helping you achieve the best possible resolution in your legal matter .
Call us at 314-499-1282 to schedule a free initial consultation to discuss your situation .
Some Initial Impressions of Using Unity iPhone
For a while now I ’ve wanted to develop a version of my Old Testament adventure game for the iPhone / iPod Touch using the Unity game engine .
But it requires so much initial upfront investment that I ’ve been endlessly putting off the decision , particularly since I had no idea exactly what an iPhone was really capable of – would it be able to handle a bunch of animated 3D characters without grinding to a halt ?
Well , in the end I took the plunge , and here are my findings !
The True Cost of Unity iPhone
Firstly , though , let ’s just sum up exactly what an upfront investment we ’re really talking about here .
It turned out to be rather more expensive than I ’d anticipated !
Unity iPhone Basic License : $ 399 – this cost is pretty transparent , no surprises here .
– this cost is pretty transparent , no surprises here .
Mac Mini : $ 599 – in case it was n’t clear , Unity iPhone requires a Mac development environment , since you need to be able to run Xcode from the Apple SDK .
If you ’ve already got one you can obviously discount this cost .
The cheapest piece of Apple kit is probably the Mac Mini starting at $ 599 , I personally got a discount on a 13 ″ Macbook coming out at about $ 800 .
– in case it was n’t clear , Unity iPhone requires a Mac development environment , since you need to be able to run Xcode from the Apple SDK .
If you ’ve already got one you can obviously discount this cost .
The cheapest piece of Apple kit is probably the Mac Mini starting at $ 599 , I personally got a discount on a 13 ″ Macbook coming out at about $ 800 .
i Pod Touch : $ 199 – I ’d hoped I could do all my development in the Unity development environment and then borrow my housemate ’s iPhone to do some occasional performance testing , but it turns out that a physical iPhone / iPod touch is essential for your ongoing development : all interaction takes place using an actual device which then sends signals back to your dev environment .
For performance reasons you may be best off buying a second - hand 1st generation iTouch from eBay or something – mine set me back about $ 100 .
– I ’d hoped I could do all my development in the Unity development environment and then borrow my housemate ’s iPhone to do some occasional performance testing , but it turns out that a physical iPhone / iPod touch is essential for your ongoing development : all interaction takes place using an actual device which then sends signals back to your dev environment .
For performance reasons you may be best off buying a second - hand 1st generation iTouch from eBay or something – mine set me back about $ 100 .
Apple iPhone Developer Program : $ 99 per year – again , because of the way you need a physical device for development purposes , you ca n’t leave signing up for the Apple dev program until the end .
You have to pay the annual fee before you can even get started using Unity in earnest .
Total cost : $ 1,398 ( minimum $ 498 if you already have a Mac and an iPhone ) .
The Software Itself
The first big surprise for me when firing up Unity iPhone was the extent to which it is an entirely separate product from the normal Unity .
This may be a versioning thing – I ’ve only ever seen the latest version of Unity – and the iPhone version may just be a version or two behind , perhaps .
For now , at least , many of the interface elements are quite different if you ’re used to the standard Unity .
For example , the widgets for rotating game objects work differently – not necessarily worse , just differently .
The whole thing just looks a lot blockier and more old - fashioned , for some reason .
Secondly , as I ’ve already hinted at in the costs section , the workflow is n’t entirely what I ’d expected .
There ’s a great little summary of this on GameDev , but here ’s a brief outline :
Rather than running an iPhone emulator on your Mac , you actually run a Unity emulator on your iPhone !
All the code is then executed on your Mac during development , and Unity just streams low - quality images to your physical device .
Touches / tilt readings are then fed from the device back to Unity .
This means that ( apart from GUI interaction ) mouse clicks on your Mac are ignored – you really need a physical device if you ’re to test any kind of interaction with the user .
When you ’re happy with your code , Unity builds an Xcode project which can then be compiled like any other iPhone app and downloaded to your device for testing .
This can be done in a single click from within Unity , but takes a few minutes to happen .
In case you missed the small print , there are a number of important pieces of .NET ( C# ) functionality that are not available in Unity iPhone :
Anything that uses System.dll or System.Xml.dll .
This includes reflection , but also things like System .
Collections .
Specialized – you ’ll have to stop using HybridDictionaries and things like that .
Anything from .NET 2.0 , like generics
( Update : Unity 1.6 was released today that actually fixes all of that – you can now use .
NET 2.1 functionality and System.dll )
Unity iPhone also has no support for programming in Boo , for reasons that I ’m not sure of .
Hardware Capabilities
For me , at least , the million dollar question was regarding the hardware capabilities of the iPod Touch / iPhone – especially the first generation ones .
The iPhone 3GS is a seriously powerful computer , but if you make your game so that it only runs on the latest hardware then you ’re ruling out a large proportion of your potential audience .
I deliberately bought myself a first generation iPod Touch off eBay – apparently the first generation iPhone has very similar specs in terms of CPU speed .
I have to say , my expectations were not very high when I finally got to the point of being able to test .
Since I ’m developing an adventure game , I need to be able to have a good number of animated characters on screen at the same time , and I ’d feared that the iTouch just would n’t cope , particularly by the time you ’d added in a few particle effects and background scenery .
But I was totally wrong – these devices are remarkably capable , and the guys from Unity have clearly done a great job of optimising their software to squeeze out every last drop of speed .
For testing purposes I used a character model with 738 vertices and 692 faces .
The armature featured about 30 bones , and here you can see the frame rates I was getting as I added more and more of these characters on screen , all running the same animation but out of sync ( just in case Unity tries to do any clever optimisations for characters at the same frame of the same animation ) :
Characters Total Faces Total Bones Frames Per Second 1 692 30 30 5 3,460 150 25 15 10,380 450 8.5
Even with 15 characters , running just above 8 FPS , it did n’t look so jerky as to be unplayable – at least not for an adventure game like mine .
Exactly what framerate you need probably depends on how important fast responses are to your game .
The scene below with 5 characters , a relatively simple environment mesh and a particle simulation ran quite happily at about 22 FPS .
Conclusion
All told I ’m immensely positive about what Unity iPhone is capable of , and have high hopes for what I ’m going to be able to achieve with it .
The engine is a real joy to work with , and the capabilities of the hardware far exceed what I ’d expected from it .
The Unity community is incredible , and help is always available when you need it .
If you ’re thinking about taking the plunge , I hope you ’ve found this article helpful .
Feel free to Twitter me if you want to ask any further questions , or check out the UnityAnswers website .
© Lisa Benson
Is Obama ’s decision to allow increased offshore drilling really a political gambit to bait the right ?
Or is it a measured , science - based decision taking into account our energy needs and balancing them with our environmental needs ?
Pope Benedict XVI has become embroiled in new revelations over child sexual abuse , over a letter he is said to have signed in 1985 before he became Pope .
Associated Press ( AP ) said it had obtained the letter to Oakland Bishop John S Cummins , signed by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , resisting the defrocking of an offending priest .
The following is a translation of the letter , from its original Latin , to English , provided by AP .
The Vatican has reportedly confirmed Cardinal Ratzinger 's signature Most Excellent Bishop Having received your letter of September 13 of this year , regarding the matter of the removal from all priestly burdens pertaining to Rev Stephen Miller Kiesle in your diocese , it is my duty to share with you the following :
This court , although it regards the arguments presented in favour of removal in this case to be of grave significance , nevertheless deems it necessary to consider the good of the Universal Church together with that of the petitioner , and it is also unable to make light of the detriment that granting the dispensation can provoke with the community of Christ 's faithful , particularly regarding the young age of the petitioner .
It is necessary for this Congregation to submit incidents of this sort to very careful consideration , which necessitates a longer period of time .
In the meantime your Excellency must not fail to provide the petitioner with as much paternal care as possible and in addition to explain to same the rationale of this court , which is accustomed to proceed keeping the common good especially before its eyes .
Let me take this occasion to convey sentiments of the highest regard always to you .
Your most Reverend Excellency Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you encounter any questions or issues during your shopping experience , please click the Store Policies & Terms link at the top or bottom of the storefront .
If your question or issue remains unresolved , please contact us and our Customer Support team will get back to you as soon as possible .
Apple 's integrated hardware and software system make it the most valuable PC maker in the world , according to a research note from Deutsche Bank .
Deutsche Bank assembled the revenue and operating profits of the top ten PC makers in the world .
It then charted which companies are capturing the greatest share of the pie to determine which PC maker is capturing the most value .
While Apple has just 7 % of the share of revenue , it 's grabbing 35 % of the operating profit .
Deutsche Bank attributes it to the strength of the Mac / MacBook lineup .
Other companies are losing profit margins because they have to pay Microsoft for software .
Other interesting point : Apple , Dell and HP have 80 % of the operating profit share on 40 % of the revenue share .
Follow the Chart Of The Day on Twitter : www.twitter.com/chartoftheday
Get This Delivered To Your Inbox
You can get this dropped in your inbox every afternoon as The Chart Of The Day .
It 's a simple .
It 's convenient .
It 's free .
All we need is your email address , country and postal code .
Sign up below !
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY --
A woman accused of attacking her husband with a hammer has received a 15 - year suspended sentence , and will only serve 30 days in jail .
Prosecutors say in May 2007 , Amy Ricks told her husband she had a surprise for him at a relative 's condo .
She then put a blindfold on him and hit his head with a hammer as she spun him around .
The husband , who was hit multiple times , escaped with only minor cuts to his head .
Ricks , however , was charged with attempted murder .
Last February , Ricks pleaded guilty to a reduced charge of aggravated assault .
In addition to the 30 days in jail , Ricks will also have to complete community service and pay a fine .
×
Related Stories
Last week , Mattel caused distress by apparently announcing that Scrabble would shortly be accepting brandnames and proper nouns as words in a bid to attract younger players .
The prospect of some feckless 19 - year - old gumpo winning a game by placing the word JEDWARD across a triple - word - score hotspot led to mass nerd anguish .
Have you ever heard mass nerd anguish ?
Imagine the sound of one freelance graphic designer whining because their iPad can't find a wireless connection , multiply it by 20,000 and garnish with the occasional wounded sob .
It 's like a choir with backache , and it's what the internet sounds like if you hold an empty tumbler against its walls and squint really hard with your ears .
Anyhow , it soon transpired there was no cause for alarm .
First , the hardcore dweeb contingent was quickly silenced by the launch of an insanely advanced Apple - approved version of Scrabble , in which you use an iPad as the board and up to four iPhones as tile racks .
( I 'm not making this up : it 's just like the real thing , but more expensive and less eco-friendly . )
Second , it turned out Mattel was n't going to mess with the rules of original lo -fi 3D real - world Scrabble at all ; it was merely launching a zany limited - edition called Scrabble Trickster , which as well as permitting entries such as YAKULT , also lets players place words backwards or in floating , unconnected spaces , because hey – it's kerrr - azzzy !
You can play it on the table !
You can play it on the floor !
You can even play it at one o'clock in the morning – if you 're mad !!!!
Look out !
It 's Scrabble Anarchy !
Pfff .
Anyway , harmless though it is , Scrabble Trickster does represent a missed opportunity .
Look here Mattel , if you must launch a new version of Scrabble aimed at youngsters , why not create one called Scrabble Corrective in which players can indeed use the names of products and celebrities , but doing so earns them one hard punch to the face or chest for each point scored ?
That JEDWARD gambit might win the match , but the victor would n't be conscious for long .
Forget a return to National Service , just make every kid in the country play Scrabble Corrective at gunpoint once a week for the next four years .
And televise that instead of football .
I 'm sure we 'd all feel better .
Actually , forget it .
We do n't need any more Scrabble mutations .
What started out as a simple word game already comes in various bastardised flavours , ranging from My First Dora the Explorer Scrabble ( for toddlers ) to Scrabble Scramble ( in which the tiles are replaced with dice ) .
At this rate , Scrabble risks falling victim to the same greedy function creep that has hopelessly diluted the Monopoly brand .
Monopoly is n't really a board game any more , but an outsized cardboard souvenir coaster .
There 's an officially licensed Monopoly board promoting almost everything you can think of , from Coronation Street to the US Marine Corps , not to mention insanely specific localised editions ( the Northampton edition , for example , features Lodge Farm industrial estate in place of The Strand ) .
And those are just the ones you find in shops .
Many businesses have their own officially licensed Monopoly vanity boards , hence such pulse - quickening oddities as the BBK Clinical Research and Development Edition .
What next ?
An official Monopoly board celebrating former Channel 4 continuity announcer and current Smooth Radio drivetime DJ Paul Coia ?
I hope so .
Still , Monopoly has n't got its claws into every intellectual property going .
Say what you like about the Britain 's Got Talent franchise , but at least it 's taken the trouble to invent an original game of its very own , albeit one whose contents make for sobering reading if you envisage a scenario in which it 's the only form of entertainment left following a nuclear apocalypse : " 1 x board with electronic unit .
6 x playing pieces .
Game cards with 300 talents .
1 x microphone with echo effect .
1 x Kazoo .
Magic playing cards .
Plastic cups .
Balls .
Origami paper . "
A kazoo and some origami paper ( ie a square piece of paper ) .
And if you can't think of a talent to demonstrate with that lot , just stand in front of the judges and tear random bits of your face off .
Order today , before your family enters the bunker .
But no .
Wait .
There 's something even more suited to post - apocalyptic bunker - fun than that .
Behold The Logo Board Game ( rrp £ 29.99 ) , in which players have to " identify images and answer questions based on logos , products and packaging of the UK 's most well - known brands " .
The box art features the corporate identities of Shell , Burger King , Walkers , Pampers , Heinz , Alfa Romeo , Wrigley , Birds Eye , Kellogg's , Interflora , Uncle Ben's , The Chicago Town Pizza Company , Sun-Maid Raisins and National Express coaches , flanked by Homepride Fred and Churchill the nodding insurance dog .
Again , I 'm not making this up .
This is a genuine product .
Popular too , going by the number of five - star Amazon reviews .
" We play lots of family board games but this has to be the No 1 of all time . . .
The whole family played this from aged 14 - 85 and what fun we all had – we thought we knew our logos but boy did it make us use our brains ! ! "
It includes questions ( " How many different flavours are there in a tube of Rowntree 's Fruit Pastilles ? " ) , visual trials ( " What type of Mr Kipling cake is this ? " ) , and performance - related challenges in which dad hums an advertising jingle and the other players try to guess what it is .
And if everyone in the bunker tires of that but there are another three months until the all - clear sounds , there 's always Operation .
Not the board game version , but an improvised real one , in which everyone crowds round the body of whoever died last and takes turns carving bits off with a butter knife in exchange for corks or chunks of tin or whatever you 're using as currency .
It 's fun for all the family !
Apart from Amy , who 's a bit squeamish .
And Brian .
Who 's the dead one .
LOS ANGELES , April 5 ( UPI ) --
An 81 - year - old woman is suing her ex-husband in Los Angeles for the $ 50 - per- month child support she says he was supposed to start paying in 1950 .
Rosemary Douglas , 81 , said she became pregnant in 1950 and the father , Urban Joseph Grass , 52 , to whom she was not married , wanted nothing to do with the baby and was ordered to pay $ 50 per month in child support .
She says she never received the money , the Houston Chronicle reported Monday .
Advertisement
" He was ordered to do something .
He did n't do it , " Douglas said .
" He did n't challenge it , not legally anyway .
I 'd always thought about this .
It was never far from my mind .
Finally I decided , why not ?
Why not try one more time ? "
A lawyer for Grass , who now lives in Pearland , Texas , said the 82 - year - old was unaware of the order until the lawsuit was filed .
Attorney Pedram Mansouri said his client attended only one hearing on the subject before shipping to Korea with the Army and never received a child support order .
The suit is seeking $ 57,000 in unpaid child support .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
The gun grabbers in Washington are celebrating a federal ruling handed down Friday that upheld the tangle of rules that effectively prohibit District residents from owning firearms for the purpose of home defense .
While the Supreme Court in its landmark 2008 Heller decision recognized the individual ’s right to own a gun , it also conceded that reasonable regulations on gun ownership might be acceptable .
U.S. District Judge Ricardo M. Urbina took this concession as a green light to approve D.C. rules designed to create a gun ownership ban in everything but name .
The District outlawed semiautomatic pistols , instantly removing the vast majority of handguns sold in the United States from the reach of law - abiding residents .
Guns that can hold more than 10 bullets are also prohibited .
What few remain must be stored unloaded , disabled and unusable for any reasonable form of self - defense .
Judge Urbina ruled that all of these onerous restrictions were justified by “ public safety concerns . ”
The decision will almost certainly be appealed , but that , too , may place gun ownership rights in further jeopardy as the case record appears flawed in one critical respect .
Stephen P. Halbrook , the attorney who filed this suit against the District , correctly argued that gun ownership for the purpose of self - defense is a fundamental right .
Such rights compel the courts to apply a “ strict scrutiny ” to restrictive laws to ensure that they are narrowly tailored to serve a significant governmental interest .
Gun control advocates insist that public safety is just such an interest , but Mr. Halbrook declined to cite the direct empirical evidence needed to establish a record for higher courts on whether gun control reduces crime .
Under strict scrutiny , such laws must be struck down unless the District can show that gun control is essential to reducing crime rates .
Mr. Halbrook ’s reluctance to cite the empirical evidence explicitly linking guns and crime is unfortunate because gun control laws have demonstrably failed to yield any of the benefits promised .
Take the regulations on which Judge Urbina ruled .
The evidence shows that rules increasing the cost and burdens of handgun ownership make crime more likely .
Books such as “ The Bias Against Guns ” and “ More Guns , Less Crime ” show that gunlocks , assault - weapon bans and registration rules do not lower crime rates and might instead increase them .
This result is not surprising .
Requiring homeowners to keep guns locked and unloaded prevents the law - abiding from having accessible self - defense measures .
This merely emboldens criminals to go after people in their homes with an increased chance of success .
Criminologists and other researchers have found no evidence in the vast academic literature that assault - weapon bans and magazine limitations at either the state or federal level have had any effect on reducing violent crime .
Despite portrayals on TV crime shows , gun registration in reality fails to help solve crimes .
In theory , if a registered gun were left at the scene , it could be traced back to its owner .
However , crime guns are rarely left at the scene .
When they are , they are not registered to the criminals who committed the crime .
Failing to take advantage of this powerful evidentiary record weakens the gun rights case in the event that a higher court uses a “ balancing test ” to weigh the arguments .
The situation is even more precarious as the Obama administration continues to pack the appellate courts with anti-gun judges who think like Judge Urbina , a Clinton appointee .
In many ways , the upcoming Senate elections could be just as important to preserving the Second Amendment as they will be about health care .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Wokingham is an attractive market town with excellent road and rail links .
Good schools and low levels of crime make the town attractive to families and residents who enjoy a high quality of life .
07:56 , 1 OCT 2020
Videos from the Embedded Linux Conference Europe , Grenoble , October 2009
Just a few weeks before the next edition of the Embedded Linux Conference in San Francisco , here are the videos from the previous edition in Europe a few months ago .
These videos were shot by Satoru Ueda and Tim Bird ( Sony ) , Ruud Derwig ( NXP ) and by Thomas Petazzoni and Michael Opdenacker ( Bootlin ) .
As usual , they are released under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution – ShareAlike Licence version 3.0 .
If you have never been to an Embedded Linux Conference yet , these videos should show you how useful this conference is for embedded Linux system developers .
This is the place where you can discover new development tools and technologies that will change your working life , benefit from the experience from your peers , get the opportunity to talk to the fantastic people who implement the Free and Open Source software that makes your system run , and win cool penguin goodies .
So , do n’t miss next next edition in San Francisco .
It was meant to be an imaginative way of hammering home the message that some householders are making life too easy for burglars .
But police were under fire today after admitting they had been sneaking into people 's homes through open doors and windows and gathering up their valuables into " swag " bags .
Officers in Exeter –who left the swag behind , together with crime prevention information – found more than 50 unsecured properties and claimed people had been glad to receive the wake - up call and advice .
But not all residents were happy and a criminal lawyer suggested that the police may have been guilty of trespass .
One resident , Mike Parsons , said : " Since when have members of the constabulary been allowed to enter into someone 's private property uninvited and without a warrant ?
How long before a police officer is attacked and fatally wounded by a worried householder who hears a noise downstairs and then attacks the intruder ?
This is trespass plain and simple . "
Neil Scott , a criminal lawyer , of Foot Anstey solicitors , said : " I have never heard of anything like this before and it seems to be incredibly risky .
No one has an automatic right of entry to someone else 's property without consent .
That applies to police officers and members of the public , and whether it is unsecured is irrelevant .
Police need a warrant from a magistrates court if they wish to do this , or they may enter a property if they believe an offence is being committed .
To my mind , if they have entered properties like this , they are trespassers .
Trespassing is not a criminal offence but it is considered a civil wrong and could be pursued through the courts as such . "
He added : " What if one of the homeowners goes on to claim something has gone missing while the officers were in the property ?
There is a risk of an accusation of burglary .
And everyone is entitled to use reasonable force to defend their property from intruders .
Conceivably an officer could have been attacked . "
Devon and Cornwall police said the operation was launched after a " spike " in burglaries , mainly at student accommodation .
Officers had encouraged householders to take security more seriously but warnings were not heeded .
Other forces have tried initiatives such as rattling windows and trying doors then shouting to residents – sometimes waking them up – to warn them they may be at risk .
Officers decided a more " innovative approach " was needed and the " swag " campaign was launched .
PC Rob Bolt , neighbourhood beat manager , said : " Officers were able to walk into people 's homes and place the swag bags in their properties while we could hear them upstairs .
We were expecting to find some insecure properties but were amazed by the number that were identified . "
Officers are dedicated to catching offenders but if we can stop the crime occurring then we can prevent members of the public from becoming victims of crime .
" While we do not want to create an atmosphere of fear , it is important that occupants are aware that currently most burglaries are occurring through insecure windows and doors .
Even if you are in the house , a burglar will still seize the opportunity to open your door and see if anything is in view . "
Around 16 officers have been carrying out the " burglaries " supported by officials from Communities Together , which brings together other groups and agencies .
Police said the officers involved were in uniform to allay the fears of residents if they suddenly came across one of the intruders .
Matthew Elliott , the chief executive of the TaxPayers '
Alliance , criticised the campaign .
" Officers are there to enforce the law but that does not mean that they are above it .
Taxpayers want their money to be spent on police going out fighting the real criminals , not breaking into ordinary , law - abiding people 's houses and telling them what to do . "
A spokesman said : " This initiative was carried out with the best of intentions .
However we do accept that our actions of entering properties to leave the bags could be deemed as trespass .
" This was a one - off initiative which we will not be repeating . "
To date the force has received no complaints from any of the residents concerned .
About The Book
There are few authors as repeatedly quoted and consistently unread as Søren Kierkegaard .
Kierkegaard himself is partly to blame for this : his style is dense , his thoughts complex .
And yet embedded within his writings and journals are metaphors and truths so deep and vivid , they can overwhelm you with an almost blinding clarity about the life of true discipleship .
Editor Charles E. Moore has done us an invaluable service by putting together arguably the most accessible and complete Kierkegaard volume to be published in decades .
Here is a book for anyone who takes the search for authenticity seriously .
Divided into six sections , Provocations contains a little of everything from Kierkegaard 's prodigious output , including his wryly humorous attacks on what he calls the " mediocre shell " of conventional Christianity , his brilliantly pithy parables , his amazing insights on the human condition , and his incisive attempts to dig through the fluff of theological jargon and clear a way for the basics : decisiveness , obedience , passion , and recognition of the truth .
News that the Aliens who run this Damned planet do n't want us to know about .
Jan 11 , 2010 at 01:10AM
image courtesy of http://jacoblshapiro.com/blog/?p=114Recently, designer Tyler Thompson posted a nice little blog about one thing and one thing only : his frustration towards the design of his Delta boarding pass .
" The design of boarding passes makes me want to scratch my eyes out , " is the rallying cry and gives you a sense of the site 's tone .
Thompson 's Actual Delta Pass :
Not content to just complain about matters Thompson also studied the functions of this piece of communication and started designing a better and more easily understood pass of his own .
Ultimately he posted four versions of his own design and more recently design contributions from other frustrated would - be travelers .
This site is called Pass Fail and although a bit blue on the language ( Hey , who is n't irritated by all things air - travel these days ? ) , the site is a wondeful study in the power of intelligent communication design .
In short , it 's the kind of blogging that is actually worth reading .
Below are his designs .
Please go to the site and read more about each one .
Thompson 's First Design and Second ( adding color ) :
Thompson 's Third Design to Show Airline Neutrality :
Thompson 's Final Design :
As you can see his final design makes a world of difference compared to his actual Delta pass .
On the site he received a lot of comments and feedback that led to his final approach and it 's pretty solid .
Everything lives where you can find it and is well organized .
Seeing this at the counter would bring me great relief .
One of the more thoughtful contributions from his visitors came from Timoni Grone .
She wrote a response to Thompson 's article called " A practical boarding pass redesign . "
Here is her design that takes into account the limitations and restrictions of a boarding pass .
I like her academic approach as well as the similarly practical design of Yoni De Beule who addressed a lot of the comments on the blog up to that point .
Grone 's Practical Design :
De Beule 's Design :
These two designs favor practicality over artsy design and rightfully so .
All of the information is organized and more intuitive than the real - world version .
It would have been easy to simply choose a nice typeface hierarchy that would look great , but it 's worthless if they coud n't print it cost - effectively using the current methods .
And this is definitely one project that brings with it a lot of technical and economic boundaries .
So I applaud the perspective both designers brought to this conversation .
All that being said , I think there is still room to improve the boarding pass design while remaining absolutely stone - cold reasonable .
I think Thompson 's final design is well - done and a worthy candidate for implementation .
I like the use of small graphic elements to direct the eye and ease understanding .
I also appreciate the limitations and solutions provided by Grone and De Beule .
But what both approaches fail to do is consider that the traveler is not a machine and is a human being that takes in information differently than a scanner .
To be clear , none of these designs go far enough past convention , they still are organized and optimized for the scanner instead of the human eye and this need not be .
A scanner can be programmed to read the codes and information so long as it is present at a technologically sound size and color .
A human is far less flexible and needs to be approached on that level first .
My design attempts to balance practical printing limitations with a little bit of humanity .
For cost reasons I stuck with one color ( though I do mention the benefit of a two color option further below . )
I am assuming the template ticket would be preprinted in the case of cards with the airline logos .
And in the case of kiosk printing , this could be done as it is now with lower quality color printing on demand .
I chose a common monospace font so that all the characers are of equal width to provide consistent fields for data printing and because machines butcher typefaces that need to be kerned anyway .
I kept the size and format of the ticket fairly standard to retain the focus on the design for the sake of this argument as well .
What is not standard is the delivery of the information on the boarding pass , and it is this delivery that is the main focus of my concept even beyond the design particulars .
My Human Boarding Pass ( click for larger view ) :
My version uses clear information delivered in the same manner that an airline attendant might use , in common prose .
It is also given in the same order that a traveler needs it .
The data can still be read by a scanner but can also be easily absorbed by the customer .
This approach also has the added benefit of being warm and personable and could be reiterated by the airline personnel in the same way .
Given the current state of flying , this is a much needed change .
More important is the fact that I felt most of the designs in the dialogue so far still feel like a fenced - in gathering of lots of rogue pieces of information .
Simply put they are still too busy and harder to digest than necessary .
I realize that people are not that into reading these days , but I think a simple concise directive still would work better than an amalgam of data points .
I resisted the urge to call out the information on my boarding pass any further , though I could easily imagine a revision using a heavier weight or color change to draw more attention to them .
And I used international time for no other reason than it allows the elimination of the day and night ( am / pm ) label .
I feel like I have arrived at a solution that is quite elegant requiring very little implementation costs / changese .
In approach it could not be more different than the real - world Delta ticket that started this all , but in design terms it is a small but effective change .
I am surprised how similar the orginal Delta ticket and my version ended up being , but this pleases me in some odd way too .
In the spirit of Thompson 's post I could n't resist adding my version to the fray .
I do believe my design solves most of the issues involved in the discussion about boarding pass design and was a joy to consider for a few hours .
But I repeat Thompson 's thoughts when I say we 're all just trying to make this better .
Cheers .
Rep. Patrick McHenry : Please , Conservatives , Fill Out Your Census Forms !
Created : April 01 , 2010 11:41 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
The conservative congressman from North Carolina , a constant critic of the census — one of the people who sounded the alarm about “ politicization ” when the White House mulled over the idea of letting Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel have a say over it — takes to RedState to battle census conspiracy theorists .
No one has advocated a direct boycott of the census but there have been calls to only partially fill out census forms – even though that would be a direct violation of federal law .
Those calls are the problem .
They feed a climate of mistrust in the census and need to be refuted .
Unless conservatives understand how important it is to participate in the census , that climate will result in fewer conservatives being counted and hand Nancy Pelosi more congressional seats .
I and other conservatives have worked hard to fight off the Obama Administration ’s harmful census plans .
We fought off their attempt to run the census directly .
We fought off ACORN ’s attempt to participate and we fought off ill - conceived statistical sampling schemes that would artificially inflate the number of Democrat voters .
We have been largely successful in keeping this count apolitical and it would be a tragedy if some of our ill - informed friends handed Democrats a victory at the last minute .
Some commentators have mocked reports of low census participation in conservative areas , but op - eds like this reveal that it is , potentially , a problem .
I like to write unit tests for my code and I also like to know whether my unit tests are actually testing my code .
In Java I would use Maven and Cobertura to measure how
much of my code is actually exercised , and when I bend my mind around Haskell I use HPC .
I have been experimenting with Clojure and it has a nice testing library but the only way I have found to measure coverage is to use Cobertura and squint at the generated class names to work out what I have n’t covered .
So I have started on the road to creating a coverage tool for Clojure written in Clojure .
This blog entry contains my initial steps and design sketches towards creating the tool .
Ideally I ’d like to measure my coverage like this :
( ns some .
tests
( : use [ some .
functions ] )
( : use [ coverage .
cover ] )
( : use [ clojure .
test ] ) )
( deftest test - something
( cover ' ( foo bar ) ; cover foo and bar
( is ( = [ 1 2 3 ] ( foo 1 2 3 ) ) )
( is ( = [ 2 4 6 ] ( bar 1 2 3 ) ) )
( is ( = [ 100 100 ] ( coverage foo ) ) ) ; check coverage
( is ( = [ 100 100 ] ( coverage bar ) ) )
( store - coverage ) ) ) ; store report to file
That is n’t functional code yet and may not be what I finally produce , it might not even be valid Clojure since I have n’t even bashed it into a REPL yet .
As Clojure is a Lisp , and we are testing our own code – i.e. we have the source code – we should be able to measure the coverage using Clojure .
This can achieved by rebinding the functions under test with instrumented functions ;
this is what I envisage the cover function is doing :
( cover ' ( foo )
; all calls to foo here actually call foo '
)
Which can be achieved using a binding function :
( binding [ a b ) ]
; all calls to a here are actually calls to b
)
So assuming I can write the cover function I will need to instrument a function .
Let ’s start simply and ignore the complicated stuff such as conditional statements and multiple bodies until later .
If we have this simple function
( defn foo [ a b c ] ( + a ( - b c ) ) )
I would like an instrumented version to wrap each s-expression with a function that records that the s-expression has been called , for now we will just print a message .
( defn foo - wrapped [ a b c ]
( do
( prn : wrap )
( + a
( do
( prn : wrap )
( - b c ) ) ) ) )
Testing that in the REPL seems to reveal that I am moving in the right direction :
user => ( foo 1 2 3 )
0
user => ( foo - wrapped 1 2 3 )
: wrap
: wrap
0
user =>
To convert the first function to the instrumented function I need a couple of auxiliary functions and a macro :
( defn record [ ] ( prn : wrap ) )
( declare wrap - seq )
( defn wrap [ form ]
( cond
( seq ? form )
( list ' do ( record ) ( wrap - seq form ) )
: else form ) )
( defn wrap - seq [ xs ]
( for [ x xs ] ( wrap x ) ) )
( defmacro cover
[ args & amp ; body ]
( let [ fn - name ( when ( symbol ?
args ) args )
args ( if fn - name ( first body ) args )
body ( if fn - name ( next body ) body ) ]
( fn ~@ ( if fn - name ( list fn - name args ) ( list args ) )
~@ ( wrap ( first body ) ) ) ) )
If you know some Clojure that code demonstrates some of the problems I have n’t solved yet when measuring coverage , for example the : else clause will need to be covered as well as functions in binding statements .
Testing that code in the REPL gives us a reasonable result :
user => ( def x ( cover [ a b c d ] ( + a ( - b c ( * a d ) ) ) ) )
#'user / x
user => ( x 1 2 3 4 )
: wrap
: wrap
: wrap
- 4
user =>
So if I now replace the record function with something else I may be able to generate some coverage for a function .
I am going to use a map held by a ref to store the coverage information , a function to register a particular
s -expression with the ref and a function to increment the count .
( def coverage - records ( ref nil ) )
( defn covering [ form ]
( dosync ( alter coverage - records assoc form 0 ) ) )
( defn - inc - map [ map key ]
( if ( contains ?
map key )
( assoc ( dissoc map key ) key ( inc ( get map key ) ) )
map ) )
( defn inc - coverage [ key ]
( dosync ( alter coverage - records inc - map key ) ) )
Lets test that :
user => @coverage - records
nil
user => ( covering : x )
{ : x 0 }
user => ( covering : y )
{ : y 0 , : x 0 }
user => ( inc - coverage : x )
{ : x 1 , : y 0 }
user => ( inc - coverage : y )
{ : y 1 , : x 1 }
user => ( inc - coverage : x )
{ : x 2 , : y 1 }
user => @coverage - records
{ : x 2 , : y 1 }
user =>
If I modify our wrapping functions I can create the coverage records ready to be incremented .
( defn wrap [ form ]
( cond
( seq ? form ) ( do
( covering ( str form ) )
( list ' do ` ( record ) ( wrap - seq form ) ) )
: else form ) )
Testing that code :
user => ( def x ( cover [ a b c d ] ( + a ( - b c ( * a d ) ) ) ) )
#'user / x
user => @coverage - records
{ " (* a d ) " 0 , " (- b c (* a d ) ) " 0 , " (+ a (- b c (* a d ) ) ) "
0 }
user =>
And that is as far as I have got .
I need to change my record function to increment the coverage records , make my wrap function cope with conditionals and other complexities and write my rebinding function .
Hopefully next month I will have moved it along a little bit further .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A tornado has hit the south - eastern US state of Mississippi , killing at least 10 people , including children .
There was " utter obliteration " in Yazoo County , where three people died , the state governor said .
A state of emergency was declared in 17 counties .
A church in Yazoo City was flattened and houses reduced to rubble .
The nearby states of Louisiana , Arkansas and Alabama were also hit by tornadoes .
Officials fear the death toll may rise as more debris is cleared .
The National Guard has been deployed to help in the search and rescue operation .
Powerlines have been blown down and roads are blocked by fallen trees after a tornado estimated to be almost a mile ( 1.6 km ) wide blew through the centre of Mississippi .
Meteorologists put wind speeds at about 150 miles per hour ( 240 k ph ) .
The storms brought heavy rain to some areas .
Five people died in Choctaw County - two of them children - while four of the other deaths were in Yazoo County and one was in Holmes County .
Four injured people were flown by helicopter from Yazoo County to hospital in the state capital , Jackson , for treatment .
Looking everywhere " It sounded like a train coming down that road , " said Malcolm Gordon , 63 .
In pictures : Mississippi tornado
He hid in a cupboard with his wife , Diane , while the tornado took the roof off his house .
" I 'll just bulldoze what 's left and start over , " he said .
Kenneth Gurley , of Warren County , said : " When I got up , the windows started blowing out and it blew me from one room to the next room .
" I grabbed my son , we got on the floor , and next thing I know the roof come off , all the windows were blowed out , the house started flooding with water . "
" There are lots of places where a person can get blown off the road , " said Mississipi Governor Haley Barbour .
" And so we 've got a lot of volunteers , as well as professional people from the local fire departments who are just trying to run through there and look everywhere to make sure we do n't miss anybody . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Out pops a bouncing rubber baby boy !
- Seriously though .
This can only mean one thing .
It 's no longer safe to have unprotected sex with hot mannequins .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Rep. Stephen Lynch ( D - Mass ) , who switched from “ yes ” to “ no ” on the health reform bill , is insisting that his vote will not kill the legislation , noting that the House Democrats have the votes to pass the measure this weekend without his support .
He also says that during a meeting with President Barack Obama on Thursday , the president failed to win him over with a promise to make the reform package more progressive down the road .
Lynch slams the legislation as “ a poor bill ” that would continue the worst elements of the status quo .
In explaining his switch , Lynch cites the absence of a public option , the failure to repeal the anti-trust exemption for insurance companies , and the inclusion of the excise tax on high - end insurance plans .
( These are some of the key differences between the final bill and the House version , which he had supported . )
“ There ’s a difference between compromise and surrender , and this bill is surrender , ” Lynch tells Mother Jones .
“ It ’s a surrender to the insurance companies , it ’s a surrender to the pharmaceutical companies . ”
But Lynch does n’t see his “ no ” vote as a bill - killer , ” saying it ’s very likely to pass during Sunday ’s scheduled vote : “ I do n’t think they would be calling the bill up on Sunday if they did n’t have the votes .
if I had a bet on it , yeah , I ’d probably bet that it would pass . ”
On Thursday , Lynch met with Obama , who made a personal appeal for his vote .
During the meeting , according to Lynch , Obama said that he ’d consider trying to reinsert some of the progressive provisions left out of the final package .
“ He said we ca n’t do it this year , but next year he’d be willing to consider inserting a public option , ” Lynch says .
“ I talked about the repeal of the anti-trust exemption — he said he would try to do that down the road . ”
Lynch , however , remained unconvinced .
In opposing the bill from the left , Lynch is increasingly standing alone , as many liberal hold - outs have decided to support the reform bill during the crawl to the finish line .
One of the most prominent progressive critics of the bill , Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) , switched from a “ no ” to a “ yes ” vote this week , citing his concern that the failure of the bill would make future reform more difficult and would diminish Obama ’s ability to govern .
Lynch notes that despite his opposition to the bill , he would not support repeal of the legislation , should it pass .
( Repeal has become the new rallying cry for the Republican opposition . )
In fact , he says he ’d like to play a leading role in adding progressive changes to the legislation : “ You ’ve got to suck it up and move on .
You ’ve got to fix this thing as quickly as possible . ”
It ’s unclear , though , if the House Democrat leadership would welcome his involvement in any such effort .
The Baskin School of Engineering at UC Santa Cruz represents a rare combination of world - class , high - impact research on a campus known for social responsibility and diversity .
We offer forward - looking programs of study and engage in collaborative research that advances the frontiers of engineering and human - centered technology .
The Spider - Man actor is replacing Penélope Cruz as the lead in the Antichrist director 's new ' psychological drama - cum - disaster - movie '
He sent Bjork to the gallows in Dancer in the Dark , organised a gang rape for Nicole Kidman on the set of Dogville and had Charlotte Gainsbourg hack herself with a pair of rusty scissors in last year 's Antichrist .
Now Danish director Lars von Trier is poised to direct his dubious attentions at the American actor Kirsten Dunst , best known for her role in the Spider - Man franchise and as the fragrant star of Marie Antoinette .
Dunst , 28 , was today confirmed as the star of Von Trier 's latest project , Melancholia , which comes billed as a " psychological drama - cum - disaster - movie " .
She replaces original choice Penélope Cruz , who bailed out in favour of shooting the fourth Pirates of the Caribbean outing , On Stranger Tides .
Dunst will next be seen in the murder mystery All Good Things , opposite Ryan Gosling and Frank Langella .
She has also directed a short film , Bastard , that will play at this year 's Tribeca and Cannes film festivals .
Von Trier was accused of misogyny after his last film , Antichrist , cast Gainsbourg as a bereaved mother with a penchant for wild sex and self - mutilation .
Undeterred , Gainsbourg takes a supporting role in Melancholia , alongside a lineup that also includes Kiefer Sutherland , Charlotte Rampling and Stellan Skarsgaard .
The $ 7 m ( £ 4.6 m ) production is due to shoot this summer in Sweden and is rumoured to deal with an impending global apocalypse .
Producer Peter Aalbaek Jensen has promised that the film will be " romantic , in a Lord Byron sort of way " .
Von Tier , meanwhile , has restricted his comments to a terse , four - word statement .
" No more happy endings , " he said .
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates —
Now that the votes have been counted , the first big test facing Iraq ’s fragile democracy is whether it can make the transition from one administration to the next without too much bloodshed or violence .
If this weekend 's horrific sectarian slaughter and suicide bombings are any harbinger , things are n't looking good .
But there will also come another test : whether the lucrative oil deals negotiated by the previous administration can survive the transition .
After a spectacularly successful auction of drilling rights last December , Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki ’s government spent the first few months of this year putting the finishing touches on 10 separate deals that , if implemented successfully , could see Iraq challenging Saudi Arabia as the world ’s leading producer within the decade .
By any measure , these deals were the singular accomplishment of Maliki ’s tenure .
Oil Minister Hussain al - Shahristani earned the respect of the international oil community for driving a very hard bargain and delivering a deal that should quickly put his nation on the path to prosperity .
But in Iraq ’s fevered political climate , no deal makes everyone happy , and the oil contracts could easily become a casualty as Iyad Allawi , the declared winner in last month ’s election , begins the messy process of stitching together a governing coalition .
“ The Maliki government did everything in their power to make sure those contracts would survive .
They fast - forwarded the effective date of many of the contracts ... [ and ] they also had the contracts ratified by the Council of Ministers very quickly .
Whether these actions are enough will be the main question , ” said Thomas Donovan , an attorney with the Iraq Law Alliance , who has followed the process closely .
“ My sense is that they will survive the challenge , and that they will last throughout the next transitional government and any government thereafter , ” he said .
That is what some of the world ’s largest oil companies — Exxon Mobil , BP , Royal Dutch Shell , Russia ’s Lukoil and others — are banking on as they bet billions on Iraq ’s ability to provide a politically stable and physically secure environment for them to go about their business .
And it is a gamble , says Giacomo Luciani , an oil industry scholar at the Gulf Research Center in Geneva .
“ At the moment , we do n’t know what ’s going to happen .
But we do know that the oil contracts are the main source of power , the main source of money , the main source of everything in Iraq , ” Luciani said .
“ We have to see what kind of coalition emerges and whether it finds it tactically convenient to raise objections to the oil deals , ” he said .
Iraq nationalized oil production in 1961 , and thereafter the notion of keeping Iraq ’s oil under Iraqi control has played well for nationalist politicians from Saddam Hussein to today ’s crop of Sunni and Shiite rivals .
The reality , however , is that the dilapidation of Iraq ’s oil fields that resulted from years of war and sanctions can only be repaired by a massive influx of capital and technology from international oil companies .
And Shahristani , the oil minister , can hardly be accused of giving away the store when he auctioned off the rights to develop some of Iraq ’s prize oil patches .
The successful bidders signed 20 - year service contracts that will pay them a relatively modest per-barrel fee for each barrel they produce above an agreed minimum .
“ He [ Shahristani ] obtained a very good deal for Iraq , but that does n’t mean the deal will be confirmed .
You are assuming that everyone is pursuing Iraq ’s national interest , and that might not be the case , ” said Luciani .
“ In principle , I do n’t think there ’s a prejudice against foreign companies ’ involvement .
But one can see how it becomes part of someone ’s political agenda , ” he said .
Another major worry is security .
With the U.S. planning to reduce the number of troops in Iraq to 50,000 by the end of August , and to effect a complete withdrawal by the end of 2011 , providing security for the oil companies will fall to the Iraqis .
The worry was highlighted two weeks ago when authorities in oil - rich Basra province found a small weapons cache and a note threatening foreign oil companies .
The incident appeared to be more theater than threat , but security experts admit it is hard to gauge the level of grassroots mistrust of foreign oil companies and how this might be exploited by those wishing to destabilize the government .
Much will depend on the new government and its choice of oil minister , said Ben Lando , editor of the influential Iraq Oil Report .
Although Allawi , a former interim prime minister , has been declared the winner in the March 7 election , it is not clear if he will be able to pull together enough allies to form a governing coalition .
Even less certain is who will get the job as oil minister .
Shahristani , a former nuclear scientist who spent time in Saddam ’s prisons , is widely respected in oil circles and could be asked to stay on , no matter who leads the next government .
“ Shahristani is definitely not out of contention , though any coalition with the Kurds involved drastically reduces his chances to the point of elimination . ” said Lando .
That ’s because of the ongoing dispute over control of reserves in the semi-autonomous Kurdish region .
Shahristani has antagonized the Kurds by refusing to recognize the contracts signed by nearly two dozen foreign oil companies with the Kurdistan Regional Government .
Others who might be considered for the oil post include Thamir Ghadhban and Ibrahim Bahr al - Uloom .
Both held the job previously and are known in the oil community .
Even the wily Ahmad Chalabi ’s name has been mentioned .
Chalalbi , famous for providing the Bush administration with dubious intelligence about Saddam ’s weapons of mass destruction , served as interim oil minister for a few weeks in 2005 .
He is also Allawi ’s cousin , although in their case blood does not appear to be thicker than oil .
In different cultures , sense of humour varies .
In the south Indian state of Kerala , from where I come , many people have great fun with this arguably shortest joke anywhere in circulation : A dog tried to open a coconut .
And what happened ?
you may ask .
Well , nothing ; that 's the joke .
It did not work , of course .
My encounter with Pandit Surender Sharma had something of a Kerala joke stretched out for hours .
Nobody laughed , though , when he tried to kill me with tantric rituals on live TV .
Except me , of course .
It was in March 2008 .
The tantra master and I were studio guests on a popular TV show to debate on the subject of " Tantric power vs science " .
He boasted that he was able to kill anyone by mantra and tantra within three minutes .
I grabbed my chance to put him in check and offered myself for a test .
Caught on air , he could n't escape without losing face – and his high - profile clientele .
So our unprecedented experiment began .
The master started chanting his trade mark " killer " mantra that has become quite a hit on the internet since : " Om lingalingalingalinga , kilikilikili … "
After several rounds of chanting failed to knock me out , he tried the whole arsenal of his tantric gimmickry on me , obviously without any result either .
I was just laughing .
In his embarrassment , he proposed I was protected by a supreme god whom I served – never mind that I am an atheist !
Finally , he resorted to foul play , pressing his thumbs against my temples , hard enough to kill me the conventional way , but was cautioned by the umpiring anchor .
With no way to escape , he upped the stakes and agreed to perform the " ultimate destruction ceremony " that would kill me dead sure .
With ratings soaring , the programme overran , rolling on and on in " breaking news " mode .
The channel announced another round of our epic battle for the night show .
Same game , this time in proper style : open night sky , the auspicious hour before midnight , me sitting on the tantric altar , blazing flames , white smoke , voodoo doll , peacock feather , mustard seed and all that .
The master , besmirched with ashes from the cemetery ground and after the prescribed ritual consumption of sex , meat and alcohol at his tantric best , was assisted by a chorus of vigorous mantra chanters : " Om lingalingalingalinga , kilikilikili … "
Well , the pig still did n't fly .
But the mere idea of it kept millions and millions of viewers all over India glued to their TV sets .
I was laughing throughout .
Not just because it was a scene of superb absurdity , but mainly because I felt that so many people out there in front of their screens urgently needed a signal from me that there was nothing to be worried about .
In fact , I laughed the tantric out of power .
After hysteric escalation and a dramatic countdown , it all ended as you would well have anticipated , with the defeated tantric silently quitting the field – down , out and over .
Reason had won the day , as James Randi later happily commented .
Life is not always like that .
But this TV show turned the tables .
It influenced the climate in public debates inside and outside Indian TV studios far more deeply than I expected when I caught hold of Sharma .
Our experiment became a textbook example for the hollowness of tantra - mantra power .
Prick a pin in the great balloon and it comes crashing down , that was the message .
But make no mistake ; it 's not always as easy and rarely as amusing .
Recently , we were able to put behind bars , with the help of a TV documentary , a tantric who used to make his living with a dangerous stunt of rare brutality : he trampled on the bodies of little infants brought to him in hundreds by their illiterate parents to benefit from the godly powers of his feet .
A local politician and high priest , to whom I talked during the programme , defended the holy man in the name of religion .
This shows the complexity of the problem .
For several decades , rationalists in India have been working quite successfully on different levels to educate people against spiritual fraudsters of all denominations and ranks .
In earlier years limited to ( still important ) village campaigns , the television revolution has opened up new dimensions .
Last year , I personally attended some 240 programmes on various channels .
Some of them made an enormous impact .
While Sai Baba celebrated a recent birthday , as usual surrounded by India 's high society including top politicians , one TV channel gave me an opportunity to perform and explain his trademark tricks for any kid to try at home – a landslide success , but the king kept sitting on his throne .
However , these kinds of superstitions are slowly coming into the firing line of a courageous new media force supporting the rationalist line .
The next generation of India 's top godmen are already starting to appreciate the shift .
Recently , one of them threw away the mic and fled with bodyguards and armored cars when I came into a TV studio .
Pity .
As a responsible gun owner , you may want to add onto your weapon with a few extra accessories .
One of the most common accessories you can attach to an already unstoppable gun , is a scope .
Scopes refer to any attachment on top of your weapon that allows you to take better aim at your target .
Most of these are ranged scopes , from short to long range .
If you do n’t think a long - range sight is right for you , there are a couple of other options to consider .
The military and law enforcement option is a holographic scope ( similar to quality reflex sights ) .
A holographic scope is very much like a red dot scope .
It is meant for close quarters combat .
Its primary use is within law enforcement and the military because there ’s no real reason one should be needed in civilian life .
Like the red dot scope , there is no magnification , so it makes a great option for good shotguns .
The field of view , though , is much higher on a holographic scope .
The biggest advantage is the range precision the MOA provides and the much larger reticle .
The absolute best holographic sight out there is EOTech 512 Tactical Holographic Sight .
There are the kinds of sights you may see mounted on top of a police officer or military officer ’s sidearm .
The small , thin attachment weighs only 10.9 ounces and holds a battery life of over 1000 hours .
Unlike its weaker partner , the red dot scope , the EOTech 512 Tactical Holographic
Sight offers 20 different brightness settings , making sure that an officer ’s environment is perfectly matched to his scope , or vice versa .
With unlimited eye relief , you can also get as close to the sight as you feel you need to be .
The field of view is a stunning 30 yards at 100 yards with four inches of eye relief !
EOTech has essentially raised and set the bar with their holographic sights , and none are better than the 512 .
They are made in the United States of America and provide trained officials with the kinds of accuracy they need in the impossible situations they face every day .
So , if you are looking for something a little different than a ranged scope , but something a little more advanced than a simple red dot scope , you will find exactly what you want in the EOTech 512 Tactical Holographic Sight .
The biggest speed bump you ’ll run into when purchasing your new addition will be in your wallet .
This baby does n’t come cheap , retailing at almost $ 400 .
If you can afford it and have dreamed up some use for it , you may want to try it out .
Probably also worth hiding in a concealment coffee table .
Remember that safety and responsibility come first , though , and this is technically a military option .
As long as you have the know - how , you can be the next Navy SEAL , right in the comfort of your own home !
Coronavirus disease 2019 ( COVID - 19 )
What you need to know about COVID - 2019 to protect you and your family
hey rflair are these newer than the " mysterious driver " that was leaked ?
Click to expand ...
( CNN ) -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has informed the Obama administration that he will not attend President Obama 's nuclear security summit in Washington next week , according to a senior U.S. official familiar with the situation .
The move could be a sign of further tension between the United States and Israel and may distract from the Obama administration 's attempts to highlight the unprecedented nature of a 46 - nation summit aimed at reducing nuclear weapons .
The Israeli government is sending Deputy Prime Minister Dan Meridor in Netanyahu 's place , U.S. National Security Council spokesman Mike Hammer announced Thursday .
" Israel is a close ally , and we look forward to continuing to work closely with it on issues related to nuclear security , " Hammer said Thursday .
" This is a summit focused on addressing the security of nuclear materials and geared toward having the participants take practical measures to ensure that terrorists cannot get access to those materials . "
The news comes after Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev signed a major nuclear arms treaty in the Czech Republic earlier Thursday .
The new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty -- known as START -- reduces the number of nuclear weapons held by the United States and Russia by about one - third , among other provisions .
LONDON ( AFP ) Ã¢â‚¬â€œ Comedian and activist Mark Thomas has received a Ã ‚Â £ 1,200 payout after police admitted they stopped and searched him just for looking ‘ over - confident ’ at a rally , according to a report on Tuesday .
London ’s Metropolitan Police said they unlawfully stopped Thomas , 47 , and searched his bag at an anti-arms trade demonstration in the capital in 2007 , the Guardian wrote .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the newspaper , a police officer involved in the incident said he suspected Thomas , who gave a speech at the rally , could be carrying weapons in his shoulder bag as he had an “ over - confident attitude ” .
The officer was quoted as saying in a legal document : “ If we only stopped and searched people who looked nervous and shifty and did n’t stop the ones who looked over - confident you would be able to get one past us . ”
Nothing was found in the search .
The Met Police has apologised to Thomas and paid out Ã ‚Â £ 1,200 for “ falsely imprisoning ” him for 12 minutes , the daily wrote .
“ If over - confidence is a reason for a stop - and - search , Jonathan Ross should never leave his house , ” Thomas told the Guardian .
The comedian said he would donate some of the money to the Miscarriages of Justice Organisation .
ADVERTISEMENT
In January , the European Court of Human Rights ruled it was illegal for police to stop and search people without grounds for suspicion .
The issue is somewhat akin to Americans complaining about the rise of Spanish in classrooms and elsewhere , but more acute here because of France ’s special , proprietary , albeit no longer entirely realistic relationship to French .
French is now spoken mostly by people who are n’t French .
More than 50 percent of them are African .
French speakers are more likely to be Haitians and Canadians , Algerians and Senegalese , immigrants from Africa and Southeast Asia and the Caribbean who have settled in France , bringing their native cultures with them .
Which raises the question :
So what does French culture signify these days when there are some 200 million French speakers in the world but only 65 million are actually French ?
Culture in general — and not just French culture — has become increasingly unfixed , unstable , fragmentary and elective .
Globalization has hastened the desire of more people , both groups and individuals , to differentiate themselves from one another to claim a distinct place in the world , and language has long been an obvious means to do so .
In Canada the Quebecers tried outlawing signs and other public expressions in anything but French .
Basque separatists have been murdering Spaniards in the name of political , linguistic and cultural independence , just as Franco imprisoned anyone who spoke Basque or Catalan .
In Belgium the split between French and Dutch speakers has divided the country for ages .
Image Along Boulevard Barbès in the 18th Arrondissement of Paris , an area mostly populated by Africans .
Credit ... Béatrice de Géa for The New York Times
And in France some years ago Jacques Toubon , a former culture minister , proposed curbing the use of English words like “ weekend , ” although nobody paid much attention .
The fact is , French is n’t declining .
It ’s thriving as never before if you ask Abdou Diouf , former president of Senegal , who is the secretary general of the francophone organization .
Mr. Diouf ’s organization has evolved since 1970 from a postcolonial conglomerate of mostly African states preserving the linguistic vestiges of French imperialism into a global entity whose shibboleth is cultural diversity .
With dozens of member states and affiliates , the group reflects a polyglot reality in which French is today concentrated outside France , and to a large extent , flourishes despite it .
“ The truth , ” Mr. Diouf said the other morning , “ is that the future of the French language is now in Africa . ”
There and elsewhere , from Belgium to Benin , Lebanon to St. Lucia , the Seychelles to Switzerland , Togo to Tunisia , French is just one among several languages , sometimes , as in Cameroon , one among hundreds of them .
This means that for writers from these places French is a choice , not necessarily signifying fealty , political , cultural or otherwise , to France .
Or as Mr. Diouf put it : “ The more we have financial , military and economic globalization , the more we find common cultural references and common values , which include diversity .
And diversity , not uniformity , is the real result of globalization . ”
WASHINGTON — When Pakistani security officers raided a house outside Karachi in late January , they had no idea that they had just made their most important capture in years .
American intelligence agencies had intercepted communications saying militants with a possible link to the Afghan Taliban ’s top military commander , Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , were meeting .
Tipped off by the Americans , Pakistani counterterrorist officers took several men into custody , meeting no resistance .
Only after a careful process of identification did Pakistani and American officials realize they had captured Mullah Baradar himself , the man who had long overseen the Taliban insurgency against American , NATO and Afghan troops in Afghanistan .
New details of the raid indicate that the arrest of the No. 2 Taliban leader was not necessarily the result of a new determination by Pakistan to go after the Taliban , or a bid to improve its strategic position in the region .
Rather , it may be something more prosaic : “ a lucky accident , ” as one American official called it .
“ No one knew what they were getting , ” he said .
US Coins and Currency Value Image Obverse Reverse Coins Penny
1¢ Abraham Lincoln
16th U.S. President The Lincoln Memorial Nickel
5¢ Thomas Jefferson
3rd U.S. President Monticello
Jefferson 's home Dime
10 ¢ Franklin Delano Roosevelt
32nd U.S. President Olive Branch ,
Torch ,
Oak Branch .
Quarter
25 ¢ George Washington
1st U.S. President American Bald Eagle Half - Dollar
50 ¢ John F. Kennedy
35th U.S. President The Presidential Seal Silver Dollar
$ 1 Susan B. Anthony Apollo 11 Insignia , Eagle Golden Dollar
$ 1 Sacagawea Soaring Eagle and 17 Stars Currency $ 1 George Washington
1st U.S. President The Great Seal of the United States $ 2 Thomas Jefferson
3rd U.S. President Signing of the Declaration of Independence
- or-
Monticello $ 5 Abraham Lincoln
16th U.S. President Lincoln Memorial $ 10 Alexander Hamilton
1st U.S. Treasury Secretary U.S. Treasury $ 20 Andrew Jackson
7th U.S. President The White House $ 50 Ulysses S. Grant
18th U.S. President U.S. Capitol $ 100 Benjamin Franklin Independence Hall $ 500 * William McKinley
25th U.S. President " Five Hundred Dollars " $ 1,000 * Grover Cleveland
22nd/24th U.S. President " One Thousand Dollars " $ 5,000 * James Madison
4th U.S. President " Five Thousand Dollars " $ 10,000 * Salmon P. Chase
25th U.S. Treasury Secretary " Ten Thousand Dollars " $ 100,000 * Woodrow Wilson
28th U.S. President " One Hundred Thousand Dollars " * no longer in circulation Money Facts Quarters , nickels , and dimes are currently made from nickel and copper .
Pennies are currently made from copper plated zinc .
Coins with ridges were originally made with precious metals .
The ridges were used to easily detect people clipping or filing off these precious metals .
A U.S. Quarter has 119 grooves on its circumference .
A dime has 118 grooves .
Lincoln faces to the right because the penny was an adaptation of a plaque .
E Pluribus Unum means " Out of Many , One " .
On the back of a Roosevelt dime , the center torch signifies liberty .
The oak branch to the right signifies strength and independence .
The olive branch to the left signifies peace .
On an American one dollar bill , there is an owl in the upper left - hand corner of the " 1 " encased in the " shield " and a spider hidden in the front upper right - hand corner .
The law prohibits portraits of living persons from appearing on Government
Securities .
Currency paper is composed of 25 % linen and 75 % cotton .
Via AU , we get this story about Muslim man who had volunteered for six months for World Relief helping to resettle Iraqi refuges who was told , when he applied for an Arabic - speaking caseworker position with the organization , that he could not be considered for the position because he was not a Christian .
Oh yea , and approximately 70 % of World Relief ’s funding comes from government sources :
Saad Mohammad
Ali had volunteered for six months at World Relief , helping the agency resettle arriving Iraqi refuges , when a manager suggested he apply for an Arabic - speaking caseworker job .
The 42 - year - old SeaTac resident had been an interpreter for the U.S. government in Iraq before coming to the U.S. two years ago — himself as a refugee .
With a degree in statistics , strong English skills and basic knowledge of American culture , Mohammad Ali , who now works as a baggage handler at Seattle - Tacoma International Airport , could help his arriving countrymen temper their typically high expectations of life in America .
But a few days after he applied for the position last December , the Muslim and father of three got an unexpected call from the same manager at World Relief :
She was sorry , she told him , but the agency could n’t offer him the job because he is not Christian .
The response may have surprised Mohammad Ali and others who hear his story , but the practice is not new : World Relief is well within its right to reject him for employment .
Recognizing the need of faith - based organizations to maintain an atmosphere of shared values and principles , the Civil Rights Act of 1964 permits them to hire based on religion .
Such groups , largely philanthropic , range from soup kitchens and drug - counseling services to refugee - resettlement agencies .
Among these are organizations like World Relief , which provides aid to some of the world ’s most vulnerable , and operates in the U.S. , helping resettle refugees from all cultural and religious backgrounds .
Grounded in evangelical faith , the Baltimore - based organization receives up to 70 percent of its funding from government sources , with the rest from private donors , including churches seeking assurances that the religious values of those carrying out the agency ’s work are similar to their own .
Staff members at the agency also say the work they do can be stressful and so they pray during meetings to help ease that stress — a practice they believe might make non-Christians uncomfortable .
This weekend , I found out about a really horrific legal case through the National Center for Lesbian Rights .
Clay and Harold , a gay couple living in Sonoma County , California , were getting on in years and took a number of legal steps to safeguard their relationship .
All of the steps which people who want to deny marriage rights say are ‘ enough ’ to provide queer couples with access to the same legal protections straight people enjoy with or without marriage .
Only Harold had a fall , and it set off a series of events which is so awful that it would defy belief , except that these events happen to queer couples on a regular basis .
When Harold fell at age 88 , he ended up being hospitalized .
This is a not uncommon situation for older adults .
Clay , Harold ’s partner , should have been consulted and should have been able to see Harold in the hospital .
Except that did n’t happen .
Clay was not only not consulted about Harold ’s care , he was barred from visiting him in the hospital .
Because the two men , in a 20 year relationship with each other , were ‘ roommates ’ in the eyes of the County , which tried to give itself power of attorney to make decisions about Harold under the argument that he had ‘ no family . ’
Not only that , but Clay , who was in good health , was moved to a nursing home against his will .
The forcible incarceration ( and this is what placement in an institution against your will is ) of older adults of all sexual orientations is an ongoing problem in this society and it is awful .
In this case , it was used to not only deprive Clay of his autonomy , but also to separate him from Harold ; the two were not placed in the same facility .
Placing Clay in a nursing home allowed the County to auction off the men ’s possessions and terminate their lease .
Even assuming that the men were ‘ roommates , ’ the County overstepped its boundaries here by selling off their belongings without taking steps to determine which of the men owned what .
The only term I can think of to describe this is ‘ robbery . ’
Indeed , the County ’s decision seems to suggest that it thought the men owned property in common , almost as though they were in a long term relationship with each other .
Harold died three months later .
Clay was left with virtually nothing ; not only were his physical memories of his relationship scattered to the winds , but so was all of his property .
Clay was finally liberated from the nursing home and a suit is being filed .
I sincerely hope that suit is won and that the result is a change in policy which includes the extension of basic respect and rights to queer couples dealing with the County and with hospitals .
And it ’s worth noting that Sonoma County is one of California ’s more progressive Counties , one which is described as queer - friendly .
It ’s too late for Clay and Harold .
This heartbreaking situation did not need to happen .
Had this couple been heterosexual , even unmarried , this would not have happened .
This is what straight privilege looks like .
Straight privilege is being 77 and knowing that if your 88 year old partner falls and is hospitalized , that you will have a role in your partner ’s care .
You will be consulted if your partner is not able to make decisions .
You will be allowed to visit your partner in the hospital .
Your belongings and memories will not be sold by County authorities .
You can live absolutely secure in the knowledge that no matter what your marriage status is , if you have been together for 20 years , you will be treated as your partner ’s family .
Harold ‘ had no family , ’ oh , except for his partner of 20 years .
Harold died alone because of the actions of bigoted busybodies who refused to acknowledge his relationship .
Clay was held against his will in a nursing home while his partner was dying and his possessions were being sold off .
These men were forcibly kept apart .
They were kept apart for no reason whatsoever , other than that they were gay , and someone clearly did not approve of this .
Harold and Clay did everything by the book .
They got all of the advance directives and paperwork squared away to prevent this very situation from happening .
Unmarried heterosexual couples certainly would n’t think to take the steps that these men took .
They would assume that they would be able to access their partners and make decisions on their behalf in the event of a medical emergency .
This is not about marriage equality ; I do n’t know if the men wanted to get married or not .
This is about basic human rights .
People in a long term relationship with each other should not have to exercise extreme legal measures which are supposed to ensure access in the event of an emergency , only to find that those measures are worthless .
And people should not have to get married if they do n’t want to simply to secure the ability to make decisions for each other in emergencies .
This is a right which should be extended to all people .
This is also an issue of elder rights .
Harold and Clay were abused not only because they were gay , but because they were older adults .
Given that the population of the United States is living longer and rapidly aging , this case is has implications for older adults which I can only describe as chilling .
The disability rights implications are clear here as well ; people with disabilities are forcibly institutionalised on a regular basis .
The Press Democrat , which is the major paper in Sonoma County , has not reported on this case at all .
I checked the headlines on Sunday , when I read about this case for the first time , and the feature piece was about a heterosexual couple .
The lede ?
‘ With devoted girlfriend by his side , Healdsburg High grad who was left a quadriplegic in a river diving accident begins building a new life . ’
Hello world for bare metal ARM using QEMU
Last time I wrote about writing and debugging bare metal ARM software using the CodeSourcery toolchain .
Now I want to exploit QEMU ’s emulation of a complete system and create the simplest “ Hello world ! ” example .
The QEMU emulator supports the VersatilePB platform , that contains an ARM926EJ - S core and , among other peripherals , four UART serial ports ; the first serial port in particular ( UART0 ) works as a terminal when using the - nographic or “ - serial stdio ” qemu option .
The memory map of the VersatilePB board is implemented in QEMU in this board - specific C source ; from that I note the address where the UART0 is mapped : 0x101f1000 .
The code that emulates the serial port inside QEMU ( here in the source repository ) implements a subset of the functionalities of the PL011 Prime Cell UART from ARM ; there is a useful technical manual from the ARM info center that describes how to interact with the hardware .
In details , there is a register ( UARTDR ) that is used to transmit ( when writing in the register ) and receive ( when reading ) bytes ; this register is placed at offset 0x0 , so I need to read and write at the beginning of the memory allocated for the UART0 .
To implement the simple “ Hello world ! ” printing , I wrote this test .c file :
volatile unsigned int * const UART0DR = ( unsigned int *) 0x101f1000 ; void print_uart0 ( const char * s ) { while (*s != ' \0 ' ) { /*
Loop until end of string */ * UART0DR = ( unsigned int ) (*s ) ; /* Transmit char */ s++; /* Next char */ } } void c_entry ( ) { print_uart0 ( " Hello world !
" ) ; }
The code is pretty straightforward ; a couple of details :
The volatile keyword is necessary to instruct the compiler that the memory pointed by UART0DR can change or has effects independently of the program .
keyword is necessary to instruct the compiler that the memory pointed by UART0DR can change or has effects independently of the program .
The unsigned int type enforces 32 - bits read and write access .
type enforces 32 - bits read and write access .
The QEMU model of the PL011 serial port ignores the transmit FIFO capabilities ; in a real system on chip the “ Transmit FIFO Full ” flag must be checked in the UARTFR register before writing on the UARTDR register .
The QEMU emulator is written especially to emulate Linux guest systems ; for this reason its startup procedure is implemented specifically : the - kernel option loads a binary file ( usually a Linux kernel ) inside the system memory starting at address 0x00010000 .
The emulator starts the execution at address 0x00000000 , where few instructions ( already in place ) are used to jump at the beginning of the kernel image .
The interrupt table of ARM cores , usually placed at address 0x00000000 , is not present , and the peripheral interrupts are disabled at startup , as needed to boot a Linux kernel .
Knowing this , to implement a working emulation I need to considerate a few things :
The software must be compiled and linked to be placed at 0x00010000
I need to create a binary image of our program
I can ignore interrupt handling for now
This is the startup .s assembler file I wrote , simplified from the one I wrote in the previous blog post :
.global _ Reset _ Reset : LDR sp , =stack_top BL c_entry B .
And this is the linker script test.ld , modified from last time to place the program at the right address ( thanks to Gnurou for the suggestion to specify only the text section of startup .o ) :
ENTRY ( _Reset ) SECTIONS { . = 0x10000 ; .startup . : { startup .o(.text ) } . text : { *(. text ) } .data : { *( .data ) } .bss : { *(.bss COMMON ) } . = ALIGN ( 8 ) ; . = . + 0x1000 ; /* 4 kB of stack memory */ stack_top = . ; }
To create the binary file , the CodeSourcery toolchain ( arm - none - eabi type ) must be installed and the PATH environmental variable must be set accordingly .
These are the commands to run :
$ arm - none - eabi - as - mcpu=arm926ej -s -g startup .s -o startup .o $ arm - none - eabi-gcc - c - mcpu=arm926ej -s -g test . c -o test .o $ arm - none - eabi-ld - T test.ld test . o startup .o -o test.elf $ arm - none - eabi- objcopy - O binary test.elf test.bin
These commands create a test.elf program and a test .bin binary image that I can use with the QEMU emulator for ARM systems .
In Debian , QEMU can be installed running “ apt - get install qemu ” as root , and the installation includes the qemu-system - arm program that I need in my example .
In Ubuntu machines , this program is not present in the qemu package but is placed instead in the qemu - kvm - extras package ; for this reason the “ sudo apt - get install qemu- kvm - extras ” command must be used to install it .
To run my program in the emulator , the command is :
$ qemu-system - arm - M versatilepb -m 128M - nographic - kernel test.bin
The -M option specifies the emulated system .
The program prints “ Hello world ! ” in the terminal and runs indefinitely ; to exit QEMU , press “ Ctrl + a ” and then “ x ” .
It is possible also to debug the program using the CodeSourcery version of gdb , because QEMU implements a gdb connector using a TCP connection .
To do so , I run the emulator with the correct options as follows :
$ qemu-system - arm - M versatilepb -m 128M - nographic -s - S - kernel test.bin
This command freezes the system before executing any guest code , and waits for a connection on the TCP port 1234 .
From another terminal , I run arm - none - eabi-gdb and enter the commands :
target remote localhost : 1234 file test.elf
This connects to the QEMU system and loads the debugging symbols of the test program , whose binary image is already loaded in the system memory .
From there , it is possible to run the program with the continue command , single - step the program and debug it in general .
The exit command in gdb closes both the debugger and the emulator .
To summarize the necessary steps to create a “ Hello world ” program :
Install CodeSourcery toolchain Install QEMU ( in particular qemu-system - arm )
Write the test.c , startup.s and test.ld source files
Build the test ELF and binary image Run QEMU ARM emulator using the created binary image as a kernel Run the gdb debugger and attach to QEMU
45.447224 8.599690
Thiessen claims that the John Adams comparison is bogus because the Boston Massacre soldiers " were Adams ’ fellow countrymen - not foreign enemies of the state at war with his country . "
Were Jose Padilla and John Walker Lindh not fellow - countrymen ?
Was Padilla not seized on American soil at O'Hare airport ?
Matt Corley goes in for the kill :
Yesterday , Perino and Burck published an article on National Review Online detailing how Holder contributed to , but neglected to tell the Senate about , an amicus brief to the Supreme Court supporting Jose Padilla , an American citizen who was held as an enemy combatant .
Another one of the lawyers smeared by the ad , Joseph Guerra , now Principal Deputy Associate Attorney General , worked on a brief urging that the Supreme Court hear Padilla ’s case .
Another DoJ lawyer , Assistant Attorney General Tony West , worked on the case of “ American Taliban ” Johh Walker Lindh , an American citizen .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
While the USPS has seen an increase in stamp sales , workers are spending more and more time peeling them off windows , walls , and countertops .
WASHINGTON — In an effort to reach out to a previously untapped customer base , the struggling United States Postal Service announced Tuesday that it would extend its business hours to 3 a.m. to meet America ’s late - night mailing demands .
Advertisement
“ People ’s lives do n’t stop at five o’clock , and neither do their shipping needs , ” said Postmaster General John E. Potter , addressing reporters during a rare early evening press conference .
“ Starting this week , the post office will extend its hours well into the night .
Now , millions of Americans who enjoy our nation ’s exciting nightlife will no longer have to wait until the sun comes up to mail that important package to a loved one , old school mate , or Michael Jordan . ”
Added Potter , “ The mail just got a lot more fun . ”
The move comes after a trial run of the extended hours in six urban markets , where post offices saw a 137 percent spike in overall revenue — most of which was conducted in the 15 minutes after last call .
There was also a threefold spike in passport applications , largely the result of drunken individuals stumbling in at 2 a.m. and making spur - of - the - moment plans for a road trip to Mexico .
Advertisement
Potter also unveiled a new campaign to promote the program , which the government agency is calling “ USPS P.M. ”
In a TV ad screened for reporters , the eagle from the USPS logo is seen morphing into a night owl , who then swoops by a group of young people exiting a chic nightclub and says : “ Closing time — you can go to the post office , but you ca n’t stay here . ”
“ We ’re busier than ever , though to be honest , a lot of these people ’s packages never even make it to the processing center , ” Loftus continued .
“ The address will be illegible , or the envelope soaked in beer or hot sauce .
You ’d be surprised how many people try to mail themselves hot sauce at 2:30 in the morning . ”
Advertisement
As part of its promotional efforts , the USPS will commemorate the nation ’s 10 most popular microwavable snack foods with a limited - edition series of stamps , which , along with cigarettes , will be available at wildly inflated prices in packs of 20 from lobby vending machines .
According to post office insiders , the program has enjoyed great popularity thus far , in part because it allows patrons to fulfill their drunken communication impulses without having to deal with the repercussions for days or even weeks .
Advertisement
“ No one I know mails anything before 1 a.m. anymore , ” Darrick Routledge , 24 , said while entering a post office in Chicago ’s trendy Wicker Park neighborhood .
“ What ’s the point ? ”
In a recent poll of after - hours post office patrons , 65 percent of respondents were attempting to mail angry letters to their ex-girlfriend or boyfriend , 30 percent were wearing Priority Mail envelopes as hats , and the remaining 5 percent wanted to know what the fuck the pollster was looking at .
Advertisement
“ My shoes started hurting , so I mailed them to Foot Locker , ” New Orleans patron Patrick Balmer said .
“ I said it , right in the letter , I said , ‘ You fuckers deal with it !’
Not my problem anymore . ”
“ Thanks UPS PS P.M. ! ” added Balmer , using a customs declaration form to stanch the flow of blood from his big toe .
Advertisement
While the program has been an economic boon , it has also created its share of problems :
Bouncers have been brought in to deal with violence at several of the participating branches , and complaints of overflowing mailboxes have been voiced by residents of the small northeastern port town of Fuck , ME .
“ Last night I had to stop a guy from climbing behind the counter to check for his Netflix arrivals , ” Las Vegas postal security guard Darius Whitman said .
“ And people get angry when they wait half an hour in the package - pickup line and then find out there ’s no bottle service .
Sometimes it ’s rowdy , but mostly it ’s just people laughing , making out , mailing off Bacon of the Month Club orders , and having a good time . ”
Advertisement
“ That ’s what people come to the post office for , ” Whitman added .
WBC will picket the graduation of Itawamba Agricultural High School to remind the parents , teachers and students of this nation that God said " Thou shall not lie with mankind , as with womankind , it is abomination . "
Leviticus 18:22 .
This generation has been raised to believe that they can live for the devil and still go to heaven , that God has no standards and the biggest lie of all - that God loves everyone .
The parents of Fulton , MS feign outrage that a filthy dyke wants to parade her " girlfriend " around at their night of fornication called a prom .
They had a duty to teach their children what the Lord requires of them .
They shirked this duty .
The Lord repays them to their face by sending dykes , burning in their lusts , to tyrannize them .
" For this cause God gave them up to vile affections : for even their women did change their natural use which is is against nature . "
Romans 1:26
T.O.P. Profile Blog Joined January 2009 Hong Kong 4684 Posts Last Edited : 2010-04-06 04:45:38 #
1
You can watch using Daum Player .
Click on the Middle Button to open Streaming Channels .
Click on 2nd Black Korean Text Button to open Most Popular channels .
Click on Blue Purple Button to Start playing .
It 's a nice High Def 1280 * 720 stream .
The bitrate is 2000 Kbps so some of you wo n't have fast enough internet to watch this .
You could get Daum Player
No Restream atm
You can watch using Daum Player .
Click on the Middle Button to open Streaming Channels .
Click on 2nd Black Korean Text Button to open Most Popular channels .
Click on Blue Purple Button to Start playing .
It 's a nice High Def 1280 * 720 stream .
The bitrate is 2000 Kbps so some of you wo n't have fast enough internet to watch this .
You could get Daum Player here No Restream atm Oracle comes in , Scvs go down , never a miscommunication .
The Theory of Moral Sentiments , Adam Smith 's first book , was published in early 1759 .
Smith , then a young professor at the University of Glasgow , had some understandable anxiety about the public reception of the book , which was based on his quite progressive lectures .
On 12 April , Smith heard from his friend David Hume in London about how the book was doing .
If Smith was , Hume told him , prepared for " the worst " , then he must now be given " the melancholy news " that unfortunately " the public seem disposed to applaud [ your book ] extremely " .
" It was looked for by the foolish people with some impatience ; and the mob of literati are beginning already to be very loud in its praises . "
This light - hearted intimation of the early success of Smith 's first book was followed by serious critical acclaim for what is one of the truly outstanding books in the intellectual history of the world .
After its immediate success , Moral Sentiments went into something of an eclipse from the beginning of the 19th century , and Smith was increasingly seen almost exclusively as the author of his second book , An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations , which , published in 1776 , transformed the subject of economics .
The neglect of Moral Sentiments , which lasted through the 19th and 20th centuries , has had two rather unfortunate effects .
First , even though Smith was in many ways the pioneering analyst of the need for impartiality and universality in ethics ( Moral Sentiments preceded the better - known and much more influential contributions of Immanuel Kant , who refers to Smith generously ) , he has been fairly comprehensively ignored in contemporary ethics and philosophy .
Second , since the ideas presented in The Wealth of Nations have been interpreted largely without reference to the framework already developed in Moral Sentiments ( on which Smith draws substantially in the later book ) , the typical understanding of The Wealth of Nations has been constrained , to the detriment of economics as a subject .
The neglect applies , among other issues , to the appreciation of the demands of rationality , the need for re­cognising the plurality of human motivations , the connections between ethics and economics , and the codependent rather than free - standing role of institutions in general , and free markets in particular , in the functioning of the economy .
Beyond self - love
Smith discussed that to explain the motivation for economic exchange in the market , we do not have to invoke any objective other than the pursuit of self - interest .
In the most widely quoted passage from The Wealth of Nations , he wrote : " It is not from the benevolence of the butcher , the brewer , or the baker that we expect our dinner , but from their regard to their own interest .
We address ourselves , not to their humanity but to their self - love . "
In the tradition of interpreting Smith as the guru of selfishness or self - love ( as he often called it , not with great admiration ) , the reading of his writings does not seem to go much beyond those few lines , even though that discussion is addressed only to one very specific issue , namely exchange ( rather than distribution or production ) and , in particular , the motivation underlying exchange .
In the rest of Smith 's writings , there are extensive discussions of the role of other motivations that influence human action and behaviour .
Beyond self - love , Smith discussed how the functioning of the economic system in general , and of the market in particular , can be helped enormously by other motives .
There are two distinct propositions here .
The first is one of epistemology , concerning the fact that human beings are not guided only by self - gain or even prudence .
The second is one of practical reason , involving the claim that there are good ethical and practical grounds for encouraging motives other than self - interest , whether in the crude form of self - love or in the refined form of prudence .
Indeed , Smith argues that while " prudence " was " of all virtues that which is most helpful to the individual " , " humanity , justice , generosity , and public spirit , are the qualities most useful to others " .
These are two distinct points , and , unfortunately , a big part of modern economics gets both of them wrong in interpreting Smith .
The nature of the present economic crisis illustrates very clearly the need for departures from unmitigated and unrestrained self - seeking in order to have a decent society .
Even John McCain , the Republican candidate in the 2008 US presidential election , complained constantly in his campaign speeches of " the greed of Wall Street " .
Smith had a diagnosis for this : he called such promoters of excessive risk in search of profits " prodigals and projectors " - which , by the way , is quite a good description of many of the entrepreneurs of credit swap insurances and sub - prime mortgages in the recent past .
The term " projector " is used by Smith not in the neutral sense of " one who forms a project " , but in the pejorative sense , apparently common from 1616 ( or so I gather from The Shorter Oxford English Dictionary ) , meaning , among other things , " a promoter of bubble companies ; a speculator ; a cheat " .
Indeed , Jonathan Swift 's unflattering portrait of " projectors " in Gulliver 's Travels , published in 1726 ( 50 years before The Wealth of Nations ) , corresponds closely to what Smith seems to have had in mind .
Relying entirely on an unregulated market economy can result in a dire predicament in which , as Smith writes , " a great part of the capital of the country " is " kept out of the hands which were most likely to make a profitable and advantageous use of it , and thrown into those which were most likely to waste and destroy it " .
False diagnoses
The spirited attempt to see Smith as an advocate of pure capitalism , with complete reliance on the market mechanism guided by pure profit motive , is altogether misconceived .
Smith never used the term " capitalism " ( I have certainly not found an instance ) .
More importantly , he was not aiming to be the great champion of the profit - based market mechanism , nor was he arguing against the importance of economic institutions other than the markets .
Smith was convinced of the necessity of a well - functioning market economy , but not of its sufficiency .
He argued powerfully against many false diagnoses of the terrible " commissions " of the market economy , and yet nowhere did he deny that the market economy yields important " omissions " .
He rejected market - excluding interventions , but not market - including interventions aimed at doing those important things that the market may leave undone .
Smith saw the task of political economy as the pursuit of " two distinct objects " : " first , to provide a plentiful revenue or subsistence for the people , or more properly to enable them to provide such a revenue or subsistence for themselves ; and second , to supply the state or commonwealth with a revenue sufficient for the public services " .
He defended such public services as free education and poverty relief , while demanding greater freedom for the in­digent who receives support than the rather punitive Poor Laws of his day permitted .
Beyond his attention to the components and responsibilities of a well - functioning market system ( such as the role of accountability and trust ) , he was deeply concerned about the inequality and poverty that might remain in an otherwise successful market economy .
Even in dealing with regulations that restrain the markets , Smith additionally acknowledged the importance of interventions on behalf of the poor and the underdogs of society .
At one stage , he gives a formula of disarming simplicity : " When the regulation , therefore , is in favour of the workmen , it is always just and equitable ; but it is sometimes otherwise when in favour of the masters . "
Smith was both a proponent of a plural institutional structure and a champion of social values that transcend the profit motive , in principle as well as in actual reach .
Smith 's personal sentiments are also relevant here .
He argued that our " first perceptions " of right and wrong " cannot be the object of reason , but of immediate sense and feeling " .
Even though our first perceptions may change in response to critical examination ( as Smith also noted ) , these perceptions can still give us interesting clues about our inclinations and emotional predispositions .
One of the striking features of Smith 's personality is his inclination to be as inclusive as possible , not only locally but also globally .
He does acknowledge that we may have special obligations to our neighbours , but the reach of our concern must ultimately transcend that confinement .
To this I want to add the understanding that Smith 's ethical inclusiveness is matched by a strong inclination to see people everywhere as being essentially similar .
There is something quite remarkable in the ease with which Smith rides over barriers of class , gender , race and nationality to see human beings with a presumed equality of potential , and without any innate difference in talents
and abilities .
He emphasised the class - related neglect of human talents through the lack of education and the unimaginative nature of the work that many members of the working classes are forced to do by economic circumstances .
Class divisions , Smith argued , reflect this inequality of opportunity , rather than indicating differences of inborn talents and abilities .
Global reach
The presumption of the similarity of intrinsic talents is accepted by Smith not only within nations but also across the boundaries of states and cultures , as is clear from what he says in both Moral Sentiments and The Wealth of Nations .
The assumption that people of certain races or regions were inferior , which had quite a hold on the minds of many of his contem­poraries , is completely absent from Smith 's writings .
And he does not address these points only abstractly .
For example , he discusses why he thinks Chinese and Indian producers do not differ in terms of productive ability from Europeans , even though their institutions may hinder them .
He is inclined to see the relative backwardness of African economic progress in terms of the continent 's geographical disadvantages - it has nothing like the " gulfs of Arabia , Persia , India , Bengal , and Siam , in Asia " that provide opportunities for trade with other people .
At one stage , Smith bursts into undisguised wrath : " There is not a negro from the coast of Africa who does not , in this respect , possess a degree of magnanimity which the soul of his sordid master is too often scarce capable of conceiving . "
The global reach of Smith 's moral and political reasoning is quite a distinctive feature of his thought , but it is strongly supplemented by his belief that all human beings are born with similar potential and , most importantly for policymaking , that the inequalities in the world reflect socially generated , rather than natural , disparities .
There is a vision here that has a remarkably current ring .
The continuing global relevance of Smith 's ideas is quite astonishing , and it is a tribute to the power of his mind that this global vision is so forcefully presented by someone who , a quarter of a millennium ago , lived most of his life in considerable seclusion in a tiny coastal Scottish town .
Smith 's analyses and explorations are of critical importance for any society in the world in which issues of morals , politics and economics receive attention .
The Theory of Moral Sentiments is a global manifesto of profound significance to the interdependent world in which we live .
Amartya Sen won the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1998 .
He is the Thomas W Lamont University Professor and professor of economics and philosophy at Harvard University .
His latest book is " The Idea of Justice " ( Allen Lane , £ 25 ) .
“ The Theory of Moral Sentiments " by Adam Smith is published by Penguin ( £ 10.99 )
When you think of Irish beer , you probably picture a perfect pint of Guinness or a refreshing glass of Harp .
But what else is brewing in Ireland ?
We looked into the craft brewing scene on the Emerald Isle , and were pleased to discover that a few entrepreneurial folks are trying to provide the public with alternatives to mass - produced beers .
Standing Up to the Giants
It 's not easy to be a craft brewer in Ireland .
" Pubs are tied to the big two , " says Mark Pearson of Clanconnel Brewing Company , and the marketing budgets of Anheuser - Busch Inbev ( which owns Budweiser , Beck's , Stella , Hoegaarden , Leffe , Boddingtons , Bass , and Murphy 's , to name a few ) and Diageo ( which owns Guinness , Harp , Smithwick's , Kilkenny , and Red Stripe , among others ) are hefty .
To make matters worse , the giants are quick to buy up small breweries in order to keep competition down .
And beer drinkers have gotten used to limited variety : Plenty of Irish folks are so accustomed to their Guinness that it can be tricky to convince them to try a new beer .
" Because craft beers are quite new in Ireland , " says Aidan Murphy of Galway Hooker , " people sometimes need a little bit of coaxing and cajoling to persuade them to think outside of their normal consumption patterns . "
But artisan brewers are popping up all over the island , and there 's reason to believe that an Irish craft brewing renaissance is upon us .
Stephanie Moe , the manager for the Grocery and Beverage sector of the small business department of Bord Bia ( the Irish Food Board ) , says that despite the recession , the microbrewing industry does seem to be growing .
Though there are n't that many craft brewers ( Moe estimates there are about ten currently established on the island ) ,
Moe believes consumers are excited about trying " local artisan brews with real flavor . "
In the past few years , there have been a number of craft beer festivals with great turnouts , and in Dublin , some pubs have been hosting meetup events for homebrewers .
Following in the footsteps of the UK's Campaign for Real Ale , consumers have formed Beoir , an organization for beer drinkers who seek to improve the quality of beer available in Ireland .
Luring the Locals and Customers Abroad
Several breweries we spoke to cited travel as a primary inspiration for consumers to seek out local brews : people are exposed to other styles of beer ( and to the idea of drinking locally - produced craft beers ) while abroad .
Because of their travel experiences , young people in particular seem to be excited about trying out the wares of new breweries .
In addition , the local food movement and tourists seeking out local products seem to be bolstering Irish craft brewers .
Claire Dalton of Dungarvan Brewing Company also notes that " people are very receptive and open to us based on the feeling of local pride — there is a strong history of brewing in the area and many people 's parents or grandparents may have worked for one of the breweries in Dungarvan .
People are excited that we are reviving this tradition . "
Mark Pearson of Clanconnel echoed this sentiment :
Over a hundred years ago there were hundreds of small microbreweries all over Ireland which all disappeared due to being bought out , etc ... this is a tradition , a craft that 's been lost , been extinguished , but which is now being reinvented .
Dalton assumed that Dungarvan would start out by supplying bars and liquor stores in the big cities , but local demand in their small town has been huge .
" We are amazed at the momentum we have gathered already ... We are also thrilled at the support we have received so far from pub owners and restaurateurs , " she writes .
Ireland 's not a huge country — the island 's population is around 6 million , but in the US there are at least six times that many people who identify as Irish - Americans .
Looking to diversify their audience without losing freshness , Strangford Lough Brewing Company aims to get Irish beer to Americans by an alternative method .
In Ireland , they brew a wort based on traditional recipes and using local ingredients , then ship the concentrate to breweries in the US to be diluted , hopped , and fermented into beer for US distribution .
Taste Test
You 're not going to see a ton of Irish microbrews in the States , but we got our hands on a few of them for tasting purposes .
Probably the most readily available independently - brewed Irish beers are those from Carlow Brewing Company , sold under the O'Hara label .
Their Irish Red is malty with a hint of butterscotch and cherry candy .
This style is n't our favorite — it 's a little medicinal , but we certainly prefer O'Hara 's version over Murphy's .
We loved O'Hara 's Irish stout , though — it 's smooth and chocolaty , more robust than Guinness , with a rich coffee flavor .
If you 're a fan of full - flavored American stouts , definitely give this one a try .
Strangford Lough 's Legbiter
Ale has a rich malty flavor , with notes of molasses and caramel , along with a hint of smokiness ( do we taste bacon ? )
The finish is clean and crisp — despite its sweetness , this is a sessionable beer .
We liked the drier St. Patrick 's Best as well , though some found the finish a little bitter .
These are n't hefty beers , at 4.8 % ABV and 4.2 % ABV — but all the better for a long St. Patrick 's Day .
Our favorite of the bunch , though , was Clanconnel 's Weaver 's Gold , with its hint of orange , peach and lemon peel .
This is a rich , refreshing ale with a lovely crispness which could appeal to Harp drinkers .
It 's so refreshing , we 're naming it the perfect St. Patrick 's Day pint ( or three . )
Want to read more about the Irish beer scene ?
Check out Clare Goggin 's recent piece here .
Disclosure : All beers except the O'Hara 's were review samples .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
I previously offered a Weberian reading of The Wire .
And now I 'm equally convinced that Mad Men is an outstanding Foucaultian deconstruction of contemporary American capitalism .
In some ways the two play off against each other very well .
The Wire is concerned constantly with norms , rules , duties : to whom am I responsible ?
What are the uses and limits of public law ?
Should I uphold tradition ?
How can I live in multiple moral orders ( family , community , city ; public , private ) simultanteously ?
How to overcome the ' irrational rationality ' of bureaucracy ' ?
The Wire is a sociology of Kantian moral questions .
If one were being very high - minded , one might say it is another ' answer to the question ' what is - or is n't - Enlightenment ?'' , certainly inasmuch as it appears driven by a tragic moral sense that society ought to be able to do better .
Mad Men , meanwhile , is concerned constantly with desire , egos , aesthetics : what do I want ?
Who can I fuck ?
How can I throw off morality ?
It is a sociology of Nietzschean ethical questions .
Most importantly , in contrast to The Wire , it is empty of any moral hierachies ( it lacks an Omar ) or notions of Enlightenment , and in that respect is genuinely genealogical .
The Wire confirms Walter Benjamin 's dialectical slogan " only to the hopeless is hope given " , whereas Mad Men has nothing to say about hope or hopelessness , only contingency and strategy .
The first Foucaultian trope is to perform a ' history of the present ' .
Mad Men is self - evidently not about the 1960s , any more than Discipline and Punish is about the late 18th century .
It is about us today and the contingencies through which we came to be so .
One very smart way that Mad Men goes about this is to shift our habitual understanding of when a key historical break occurred .
We typically equate ' the sixties ' with the late 1960s , with 1968 as their epitome .
But this is only what the self - important baby boomers want everyone to believe , on the solipsistic basis that they insist on having changed the world , not their parents .
Mad Men overthrows this assumption , with a similar disdain as Tony Judt pours on the Western boomers who think throwing rocks in Paris was historically important .
By focusing on the exit from the 1950s and the early sixties , it reminds us that the decade was about a shift from one model of middle class conformity to another , from one model of capitalism to another .
The supposed abandonment of conformity and capitalism was a hippy delusion or , at most , a sideshow ( Thomas Frank 's Conquest of Cool is also brilliant on this point ; see also this smart piece by Alex Petridis on the nineties reinvention of the sixties ) .
Then there is the subtle questioning of liberation .
The historical constant in Mad Men is libido , which empowers and dominates in equal measure .
The shift from one epoch ( of sexism , domesticity , formality ) to a new one ( of equality , self - fulfillment and informality ) is not represented as progress in any way whatsoever , but simply what Foucault might call a reconfiguring of the economy of desire .
In this respect Mad Men - and this is the genius - is a satire of both conservative and liberal America , showing the choice between the two as arbitrary .
The era that is arriving in Mad Men , which is implicitly the present , is one in which the rhetoric of freedom and self - actualisation is simply a new strategy of power , particularly as mobilised by capital .
There is no inner subjectivity being freed by the dawn of the 1960s , just a new one being constructed and then pampered to .
It 's not as if nobody was unruly , hedonistic , sexual or selfish prior to 1963 ( Philip Larkin is also dispatched by this revisionist history ) , they just exercised these impulses via different means .
Therapy may be a new arrival on the scene , willing to unleash a new rhetoric and analysis of self - actualisation , but the notion that repression was otherwise the norm in the 1950s appears utterly ridiculous , as everyone happily drinks , fights and fucks their way through their careers .
The arrival of a new , post - 1950s question ' but what do I really want ' is , as Foucault would see it , simply another force for control .
These issues are there in every scene , making it utterly captivating .
Every individual is a bundle of desire , and the society at large is simply an aggregate of desires that needs to be understood and then tapped for personal monetary and sexual gain .
The fact that Mad Men looks aesthetically magnificent is entirely necessary for it to take effect , for this then plays on the viewer 's own desires also .
Note how there is never any representation of actual sex going , and yet the entire show feels faintly sexual , making it pornography without nudity .
The idea that ' very little happens ' ( an oft - reported criticism ) is risible .
It is staggeringly good .
Newton would hopefully approve !
Oh , and I promised I would let you guys know in this comment if I did anything like this strip again .
So if you ’re reading this through some obscure RSS reader and you do n’t notice anything different with today ’s strip , I ’d advise you to click through to the site to check it out in its full glory .
If you ’re still puzzled , even after reading the tags , then you ’re probably using your grandmothers Tandy 2000 computer from 1983 to browse the internet , and I definitely can’t help you with that .
Roro
Posts : 943
From : Egypt
943 Egypt Roro
Posts : 943
From : Egypt
943 Egypt Written by Deigrinder on 12.03.2010 at 07:32
Nergal SHoULD BURN ALL biblE and Quran ....
N i do n't understand why iss he charged for ..... he just destroyed the ( UN ) Holy Bible ... IF ppl can w ( H ) or( e ) ship god ... then why cant anyone destroy IT ?
IS destroying bible that bad ??n why is it a crime ???
being non-religious doesnt mean NON RESPECTING all the religions .
i think this topic drift way .
being non-religious doesnt mean NON RESPECTING all the religions .
i think this topic drift way .
Loading ...
Storm Rider
Posts : 41
From : Indonesia Storm Rider
Posts : 41
From : Indonesia
I think this forum could be a good solution for both side .
We can not blame each other , right .
When we realise that we 're living in this world , we will find like & dislike , try to accept it Loading ...
Deigrinder
Posts : 8
From : Bangladesh Deigrinder
Posts : 8
From : Bangladesh Written by Storm Rider on 18.03.2010 at 12:47
I think this forum could be a good solution for both side .
We can not blame each other , right .
When we realise that we 're living in this world , we will find like & dislike , try to accept it
You say we should try to accept our likings and dis-likings .
Then Nergel should not be punished because they ( All - Polish Committee for Defense Against Sects ) must try to accept it .
You say we should try to accept our likings and dis-likings .
Then Nergel should not be punished because they ( All - Polish Committee for Defense Against Sects ) must try to accept it .
Loading ...
Storm Rider
Posts : 41
From : Indonesia Storm Rider
Posts : 41
From : Indonesia
The answer is " Yes " .
Nargel do not deserve to punish , why ?
about holy Bible , human can not became a judge , only God who deserve judgement .
I give you the clue & question back , John Pope II & Mother Teresa was a famous leader for Catholic people in the world .
What did they teach to all Catholic Church , love ( of course with forgivenes ) or judgement ?
if you can't find the answer , better you ask your Catholic friend if you have Loading ...
Doc G .
Full Grown Hoser
Posts : 9708
From : Canada
9708 Canada Doc G .
Full Grown Hoser
Posts : 9708
From : Canada
9708 Canada Written by Guest on 09.03.2010 at 19:33
Hell get off with nothing , they always do , and yes , the catholics church is a murderous cult , God would be ashamed of what theyve become
Yeah !
I mean , Red Cross was primarily based on the beliefs of a murderous cult !
Fuck that cult !
Yeah !
* insert more uneducated , extremist , 16 - year - old - trying - to - look - badass blather here . *
For chrissakes , a couple Christians take things a little out of hand and suddenly it 's a murderous cult .
Stupid shit has been done in the name of all religions , and visa versa , take a look at Stalin , he was an atheist , does that make atheism a dangerous mindset ?
Basically what I 'm saying here is the counter action should not be against the religion itself but the powers pushing these types of actions , which is what I believe Nargal 's goal is here .
My retort is basically in response to 3 pages flush full of the same " fuck Christianity " BS you can read on pretty much every metal website .
There 's still a lot of good being done in the world because of Christianity , it 's just more hip to ignore the good and focus on the bad .
Yeah !
I mean , Red Cross was primarily based on the beliefs of a murderous cult !
Fuck that cult !
Yeah !
* insert more uneducated , extremist , 16 - year - old - trying - to - look - badass blather here .
*For chrissakes , a couple Christians take things a little out of hand and suddenly it 's a murderous cult .
Stupid shit has been done in the name of all religions , and visa versa , take a look at Stalin , he was an atheist , does that make atheism a dangerous mindset ?
Basically what I 'm saying here is the counter action should not be against the religion itself but the powers pushing these types of actions , which is what I believe Nargal 's goal is here .
My retort is basically in response to 3 pages flush full of the same " fuck Christianity " BS you can read on pretty much every metal website .
There 's still a lot of good being done in the world because of Christianity , it 's just more hip to ignore the good and focus on the bad .
----
" I got a lot of really good ideas , problem is , most of them suck . "
- George Carlin Loading ...
soadbyob
Account deleted soadbyob
Account deleted Written by Doc G. on 25.03.2010 at 09:18
Written by Guest on 09.03.2010 at 19:33
Hell get off with nothing , they always do , and yes , the catholics church is a murderous cult , God would be ashamed of what theyve become
Yeah !
I mean , Red Cross was primarily based on the beliefs of a murderous cult !
Fuck that cult !
Yeah !
* insert more uneducated , extremist , 16 - year - old - trying - to - look - badass blather here . *
For chrissakes , a couple Christians take things a little out of hand and suddenly it 's a murderous cult .
Stupid shit has been done in the name of all religions , and visa versa , take a look at Stalin , he was an atheist , does that make atheism a dangerous mindset ?
Basically what I 'm saying here is the counter action should not be against the religion itself but the powers pushing these types of actions , which is what I believe Nargal 's goal is here .
My retort is basically in response to 3 pages flush full of the same " fuck Christianity " BS you can read on pretty much every metal website .
There 's still a lot of good being done in the world because of Christianity , it 's just more hip to ignore the good and focus on the bad .
?? , at what point did I say ONLY chritianity was bad , ( by the way I am a christian , I just dot beleive in the church 's morals )
Besides , its not religion that makes things good , good people good do things .
I mean Ghandi , Nelson Mandela , etc. all non-christians who were good people .
I was just pointing out the fact that Nergal is ot COMPLETELY in the wrong here .
Oh , and by the way , Im 17 , WAY more bad - ass than a 16 year old ?? , at what point did I say ONLY chritianity was bad , ( by the way I am a christian , I just dot beleive in the church 's morals )
Besides , its not religion that makes things good , good people good do things .
I mean Ghandi , Nelson Mandela , etc. all non-christians who were good people .
I was just pointing out the fact that Nergal is ot COMPLETELY in the wrong here .
Oh , and by the way , Im 17 , WAY more bad - ass than a 16 year old Loading ...
Lord_Regnier
Posts : 1469
From : Canada
1469 Canada Lord_Regnier
Posts : 1469
From : Canada
1469 Canada Written by Angelic Storm on 14.03.2010 at 16:15
organised religion is society 's cancer
Totally agreed .
I consider not religion itself , but religious institutions , as a plague , a parasite that infects many public institutions .
I think in our modern societies , those obsolete ideas should have been abandoned long ago .
Totally agreed .
I consider not religion itself , but religious institutions , as a plague , a parasite that infects many public institutions .
I think in our modern societies , those obsolete ideas should have been abandoned long ago .
----
" Why would we fear death , when life is so much more frightening ? "
Loading ...
Insineratehymn
Account deleted Insineratehymn
Account deleted
It 's unfortunate that Poland would enforce such arbitrary laws .
The Bible is nothing more than an ordinary book .
There is nothing special or sacred about it .
Here in America , despite the rampant Fundamentalist Christianity , Nergal could have easily torn up a Bible onstage because he is protected by the Constitution ( although , it 's not a very good idea to do something like that in the south ) .
It seems that Europe , despite everything that it has given to America , still has a lot of catching up to do in regards to freedom .
Loading ...
Roro
Posts : 943
From : Egypt
943 Egypt Roro
Posts : 943
From : Egypt
943 Egypt
So what did they rule with ?
Loading ...
Storm Rider
Posts : 41
From : Indonesia Storm Rider
Posts : 41
From : Indonesia
Here the rules that Catholic church in Poland must understand " ... you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your mind , and with all your strength . '
" The second is this , ' You shall love your neighbor as yourself . '
There is no other commandment greater than these . "
Loading ...
Ellrohir
Heaven Knight
Posts : 8441
From : Czech Republic
8441 Czech Republic Ellrohir
Heaven Knight
Posts : 8441
From : Czech Republic
8441 Czech Republic Written by Storm Rider on 31.03.2010 at 08:54
' You shall love your neighbor as yourself . '
so this is why people in middle - ages were accusing their neighbors from witchery and then watching them burning ...
thanks for further proofing how Christians are nothing but a bunch of hypocrites so this is why people in middle - ages were accusing their neighbors from witchery and then watching them burning ... thanks for further proofing how Christians are nothing but a bunch of hypocrites
My rest seems now calm and deep
Finally I got my dead man sleep
---- Loading ...
Crake
Posts : 11
From : Iran
11 Iran Crake
Posts : 11
From : Iran
11 Iran
He is carzy man .
Loading ...
Storm Rider
Posts : 41
From : Indonesia Storm Rider
Posts : 41
From : Indonesia Hi Ellrohir ,
What you 've said was right but not all Christian the same like that ( I mean hypocrites ) .
Take a look people like Nelson Mandela , Warren Buffett or Oprah Winfrey , I believe there just some good Christian people & I believe you can see another good Christian around your neighbors too .
Loading ...
Crake
Posts : 11
From : Iran
11 Iran Crake
Posts : 11
From : Iran
11 Iran
He is a madman .
Only for the attention of people did it .
If it came from the clergy dislikes , did not ruptured the book .
Loading ...
Ellrohir
Heaven Knight
Posts : 8441
From : Czech Republic
8441 Czech Republic Ellrohir
Heaven Knight
Posts : 8441
From : Czech Republic
8441 Czech Republic
http://www.metalunderground.com/news/details.cfm?newsid=57328
Ok , so now the case was closed again and the world keeps turning ...
My rest seems now calm and deep
Finally I got my dead man sleep
---- Loading ...
Insineratehymn
Account deleted Insineratehymn
Account deleted Written by Ellrohir on 02.07.2010 at 12:44
Ok , so now the case was closed again and the world keeps turning ...
http://www.metalunderground.com/news/details.cfm?newsid=57328
It 's good to see that reason prevails once again .
It 's good to see that reason prevails once again .
Loading ...
Ernis
狼獾
Posts : 6791
From : New Zealand
6791 New Zealand Ernis
狼獾
Posts : 6791
From : New Zealand
6791 New Zealand Written by Ellrohir on 31.03.2010 at 11:21
Written by Storm Rider on 31.03.2010 at 08:54
' You shall love your neighbor as yourself . '
so this is why people in middle - ages were accusing their neighbors from witchery and then watching them burning ...
thanks for further proofing how Christians are nothing but a bunch of hypocrites
For the same thing why people in the 20th century were accusing their neighbours of being " enemies of state " to have them sent away to Stalinist work - camps to get the neighbour 's house , cow , field and horse for themselves as a " reward for loyalty to the authorities " ...
Apparently they did it because they were Christians because only Christians can do such things ... and atheist would not have acted like that ...
NEVER !
Only Christians are the worst possible people on earth right !
If someone beats the fuck out of his wife , it 's because he 's Christian ( because Christians actually should n't be violent but they are in fact )
If someone rapes a girl on street , it 's because he 's Christian ( because Christians should n't rape but they actually do ) .
If someone cheats on his wife , it 's because he 's Christian ( because Christians should n't cheat on their spouses but all of them do anyway ) etc
Because hypocrisy and contradicting the morals and ideals , that 's all what Christianity is all about is n't it ?!
I 'll become an atheist today so I 'll automatically be a better person instantly !
I wo n't forget mentioning this to other Christians around me so we 'll all become nice and normal people and so we can all build a harmonious and beautiful future with all of you !
What an enlightenment !
PS ...
If animals eat their children then it's because they 're Christians , the Icelandic volcano also erupted because it was Christian ... it 's like a black hole the Christianity thing ...
For the same thing why people in the 20th century were accusing their neighbours of being " enemies of state " to have them sent away to Stalinist work - camps to get the neighbour 's house , cow , field and horse for themselves as a " reward for loyalty to the authorities " ... Apparently they did it because they were Christians because only Christians can do such things ... and atheist would not have acted like that ...
NEVER !
Only Christians are the worst possible people on earth right !
If someone beats the fuck out of his wife , it 's because he 's Christian ( because Christians actually should n't be violent but they are in fact )
If someone rapes a girl on street , it 's because he 's Christian ( because Christians should n't rape but they actually do ) .
If someone cheats on his wife , it 's because he 's Christian ( because Christians should n't cheat on their spouses but all of them do anyway ) etcBecause hypocrisy and contradicting the morals and ideals , that 's all what Christianity is all about is n't it ?!
I 'll become an atheist today so I 'll automatically be a better person instantly !
I wo n't forget mentioning this to other Christians around me so we 'll all become nice and normal people and so we can all build a harmonious and beautiful future with all of you !
What an enlightenment !
PS... If animals eat their children then it's because they 're Christians , the Icelandic volcano also erupted because it was Christian ... it 's like a black hole the Christianity thing ... ----
Go ahead , make my day ...
Loading ...
Ellrohir
Heaven Knight
Posts : 8441
From : Czech Republic
8441 Czech Republic Ellrohir
Heaven Knight
Posts : 8441
From : Czech Republic
8441 Czech Republic
I think your hysterical post if far from the meaning i had in mind with mine ...
what i tried to point out is , that Christians have established a number of rules ... they are telling others to live according to them ... but as the witch hunting showed us , they dont hesitate to break the rules , when it is for " higher good " ... and whats more - it even isnt considered as breaking the rules and it isnt punished ... it is even glorified ...
take football - " you shall not play with hand " ... if you do , you are punished ... if you arent punished immediately , because the ref is blind , you are at least hunted down with the media and fans later ... noone says " yes , that was good , great job , you are god "
thats what i find hypocritical ...
My rest seems now calm and deep
Finally I got my dead man sleep
---- Loading ...
BitterCOld
waltrsobchakheit
Posts : 14770
From : Brazil
14770 Brazil BitterCOld
waltrsobchakheit
Posts : 14770
From : Brazil
14770 Brazil So Christians are simply human beings that try to live by a slightly higher standard than the rest of us ... and sometimes fall short .
they 're human .
but they 're the easy targets because they do n't really fight back , so people pile on .
they are hardly the biggest threat to the world today ... i can think of another " ism " that is far more dangerous .
but you do n't see people piling on that " ism " or using getting public funding to piss in a vat and toss in symbols of significance to that " ism " .
of course , it would take actual balls to take on an " ism " that will hit you back .
so while Nergy might have balls for his actions , most of the people frothing at their keyboards are just trying to look bad and dangerous while exposing the flaws of an " ism " that teaches " turning the other cheek . " bullying a safe target .
if they had real balls , they 'd attack other " isms " that seem to be ok in MMX CE with blowing up civilians for no other reason than disagreeing with them .
and if there are no outsiders following other " isms " to attack , they turn on themselves and blow up others following their " ism " because they " follow the gourd instead of the shoe . "
get the fuck off my lawn .
---- get the fuck off my lawn .
Beer Bug Virus Spotify Playlist crafted by Nikarg and I .
Feel free to tune in and add some pertinent metal tunes !
Loading ...
Ernis
狼獾
Posts : 6791
From : New Zealand
6791 New Zealand Ernis
狼獾
Posts : 6791
From : New Zealand
6791 New Zealand Written by Ellrohir on 03.07.2010 at 01:06
I think your hysterical post if far from the meaning i had in mind with mine ...
what i tried to point out is , that Christians have established a number of rules ... they are telling others to live according to them ... but as the witch hunting showed us , they dont hesitate to break the rules
Hysterical ?
No , I enjoyed giving a massage to the irony button ... even Christians like that ...
Christians have established a number of rules ?
OH YES !
All rules on the earth are all Christian - established ...
And you really really love the witch hunting thing ...
Written by BitterCOld on 03.07.2010 at 02:01
of course , it would take actual balls to take on an " ism " that will hit you back .
so while Nergy might have balls for his actions , most of the people frothing at their keyboards are just trying to look bad and dangerous while exposing the flaws of an " ism " that teaches " turning the other cheek . " bullying a safe target .
if they had real balls , they 'd attack other " isms "
Oh yes ... there 's some - isms out there ... some - isms are actually rather hostile ... we had a book here bout one particular violent - ism , in the USSR people were jailed for owning it and when we finally left USSR and some publishers tried to publish this book again all the copies were collected and destroyed because it 's absolutely forbidden to write anything negative about this - ism ... on the other hand , all kinds of books speaking bout " New Testament is actually a lie " / " Jesus was actually a drug addict who died of a venereal disease instead of the cross " / " Mary was a ho " etc are published like mushrooms after the rain ... and it 's completely OK to do that ... after all , Christians apparently deserve it for the centuries of repression against the other - ists ... Hysterical ?
No , I enjoyed giving a massage to the irony button ... even Christians like that ... Christians have established a number of rules ?
OH YES !
All rules on the earth are all Christian - established ...
And you really really love the witch hunting thing ...
Oh yes ... there 's some - isms out there ... some - isms are actually rather hostile ... we had a book here bout one particular violent - ism , in the USSR people were jailed for owning it and when we finally left USSR and some publishers tried to publish this book again all the copies were collected and destroyed because it 's absolutely forbidden to write anything negative about this - ism ... on the other hand , all kinds of books speaking bout " New Testament is actually a lie " / " Jesus was actually a drug addict who died of a venereal disease instead of the cross " / " Mary was a ho " etc are published like mushrooms after the rain ... and it 's completely OK to do that ... after all , Christians apparently deserve it for the centuries of repression against the other - ists ... ----
Go ahead , make my day ...
Loading ...
Ellrohir
Heaven Knight
Posts : 8441
From : Czech Republic
8441 Czech Republic Ellrohir
Heaven Knight
Posts : 8441
From : Czech Republic
8441 Czech Republic
I would be piling on " - ism " anytime ... but in nowadays world , including this forum , i should be easily charged for spreading hatred
and i am definitely not trying to fight with Christianity as the " biggest threat of current world " ... i am just saying they are hypocrites ...
My rest seems now calm and deep
Finally I got my dead man sleep
---- Loading ...
DemonofDarkness
Account deleted DemonofDarkness
Account deleted Way to go Nergal ... Loading ...
WASHINGTON — Stephen R. Kappes , the veteran clandestine officer who came out of retirement in 2006 to lift morale in the Central Intelligence Agency ’s troubled ranks , is stepping down as deputy director , the agency announced on Wednesday .
Mr. Kappes , a stern former Marine who over his career served undercover in Moscow , Islamabad , Pakistan , and , in the 1980s , at a secret C.I.A. station in Germany collecting information about Iran , was the first officer from the clandestine service to become the agency ’s second - ranking official since the early 1980s .
Leon E. Panetta , the C.I.A. director , said that Michael Morell , who currently runs the agency ’s analysis directorate , would take over for Mr. Kappes .
Senior Democrats in Congress applauded Mr. Kappes on Wednesday , crediting him with soothing turmoil at the agency after the intelligence failures preceding the Iraq war and ensuing skirmishes between the agency and the Bush White House .
Seth Green and Matthew Senreich 's love of Star Wars is clear to anyone who watches their series Robot Chicken , which has done two half - hour specials devoted completely to Star Wars parodies .
Now , Green and Senreich are going to take that love further by teaming with Lucasfilm Animation for an ongoing series set in the Star Wars universe – one that will have a decidedly comic bent .
Said Seth Green , " The Star Wars universe is so dense and rich ; it 's crazy to think that there are n't normal , mundane everyday problems in a world so well - defined .
And it 's even crazier to think of what those problems might be , since it 's all set in a galaxy far , far away .
What do these characters do when they 're not overthrowing Empires ? "
" We 're going to pull back the curtain of some of those behind - the - scenes shenanigans , " says Senreich .
" It 's going to appeal to all ages , the way Star Wars should – but there 'll be plenty buried under the surface , as well .
As Obi-Wan might say , ' it all depends on your point of view ' .
" Brendan Hay , a Simpsons writer and former Daily Show producer will be a writer on the project , which is produced by Jennifer Hill ( The Backyardigans ) and directed by Todd Grimes ( Back at the Barnyard ) .
" There are so many stories taking place in the Star Wars universe , and they do n't all have to focus on the fate of the galaxy , " said Grimes .
" We 're looking at Star Wars from a new perspective ; this will be a glimpse at how the rest of the galaxy is affected by the events of the Saga .
There 's a lot of humor to be mined from that .
" No network has yet been announced for the series .
Recently , IESB reported that there was a new Star Wars animated series aimed at pre-schoolers in the works , but there has been no confirmation from Lucasfilm on that front as yet .
Moments after China 's $ 7.2 billion March trade deficit was announced , the Chinese Ministry of Commerce was blasting away at critics of the CNY peg .
According to Market News , the MofComm stated that " the recent steady decline in China 's trade surplus and the trade deficit post in March again show that the yuan exchange rate is not the key determinant in the country 's foreign trade balance . "
He has a good point - what is , is the endless printing of paper money by China used to keep its residential sector screaming ever higher , while at the same time taking advantage of the same generosity from Ben Bernanke across the Pacific , which in turn benefits China just as much as it does the US .
The reason is simple - continued destruction of the dollar , which will commence shortly , will benefit China as well , further facilitating its export economy , while its own printing goes straight to boosting imports .
In this way , the confrontation of Chinese and US monetary policy can be seen nowhere better than in the Chinese balance of trade : and judging by the increasing trade deficit , the Fed 's influence is starting to wane .
Soon enough , when the Fed 's marginal impact on the CNY is negligible ( via dollar printing and via the CNY peg which is not going away any time soon ) , China will truly have no other option but to rely on its own consumer class , even as it still seeks to reap the benefits of increasing exports .
Our belief is that the deficit will drift slowly higher , however what will become evident will be the ever greater absolute amount of both imports and exports in China .
More from Market News :
Spokesman Yao Jian 's comments were issued after the General Administration of Customs reported that the March trade balance slipped to a deficit of $ 7.24 billion , the first shortfall since April 2004 , as a result of higher global commodities prices and surging commodity import volumes .
" Our country 's trade surplus has been falling and we saw a trade deficit in March while our yuan exchange rate maintained basic stability , " Yao said .
" This again proves that the determining factor the in foreign trade balance is not the exchange rate but market demand and supply as well as other factors . "
Yao also said that China 's trade surplus is likely to fall sharply this year from 2009's $ 196 billion .
" Our country 's trade balance has been continuously improving .
This provides conditions for maintaining a stable yuan exchange rate , " Yao added .
He also repeatedly long - standing government calls for other countries to lift controls on exports to China .
The Commerce Ministry has been identified as a key source of opposition to a stronger yuan on the State Council , the executive decision - making body which approves major policy shifts .
And all those who think Geithner achieved anything in China ( aside from additional laughter at his ramblings from Chinese students ) , may want to reconsider :
Commerce Minister Chen Deming appeared on state television Saturday soon after the data 's release to talk down speculation about a move on the exchange rate , citing the monthly trade gap .
" The March deficit tells us that the trade balance is n't necessarily directly linked to the value of the exchange rate .
It 's decided by market demand and supply , " he said .
At the end of the day , a few hundred million angry Chinese is a greater mobilizing force than a few hundred thousand US union workers .
Hopefully American politicians will figure this out soon .
In one of those stories which sounds just crazy enough to be true , a Chicago teen has picked every game of March Madness correctly so far .
How unusual is that ?
With many upsets this year no one else has .
Via NBC Chicago .
An autistic teenager from the Chicago area has done something almost impossible .
Nearly 48 games into an upset - filled NCAA tournament , 17 - year - old Alex Hermann is perfect .
" It 's amazing , " he says .
Truly .
The teenager predicted that Northern Iowa would beat the Kansas Jayhawks .
He picked Ohio to knock off Georgetown .
And Cornell to knock off Wisconsin .
In fact , he picked every game through the first two rounds correctly .
The odds of anybody doing that ?
One in 13,460,000 , according to BookofOdds.com .
It 's easier to win the lottery .
Twice .
" I 'm good at math , " Alex , a Glenbrook South High School student , said .
" I 'm kind of good at math and at stats I see on TV during the game . "
Alex entered the bracket on CBSsports.com 's bracket challenge .
His 24 - year - old brother Andrew , who helped him enter his picks into CBS ' bracket manager , also entered the contest -- and ranks behind 500,000 other people .
“ My bracket is totally shot , ” hist 24 - year - old brother Andrew said .
“ So is everyone else I know . ”
ESPN estimates around 4.78 million played in their bracket challenge , but no one picked all the games correctly .
The leader at ESPN ’s bracket has already missed four games .
ALBANY — College - sponsored health plans often pay out far less in benefits than they collect in premiums , skirting state regulations and shortchanging students , according to an investigation by the New York attorney general ’s office .
Many plans also do not cover common situations that affect students , including injuries sustained in suicide attempts or while drunk .
And some colleges force students to buy college - sponsored coverage even if they are enrolled in a parent ’s plan or covered by Medicaid .
While some colleges negotiate broad coverage from insurers , others receive what seem like low - cost plans , but they provide so few benefits that they are among the most lucrative for the insurance industry .
The investigation ’s results came at a time when the need for students to have their own insurance may be decreasing , because the federal health care bill signed into law last month will allow parents , starting in September , to keep children on their plans until the children are 26 .
The health care bill will also impose more - stringent payout requirements on large health care plans , including those offered on campuses , though some college plans already appear to be running afoul of state laws .
Friday , June 27 , 2014 3:12 am edt
Saturday , March 24 , 2012
The jazz nexus
Get ready for a post that is so deranged it could be harmful to your health .
Do n't blame me if you come away from it insisting that America go on the gold standard .
In 1994 Paramount released the first Next Generation Star Trek film , entitled , appropriately enough , Generations .
It was a good film , not a great film , but one that I enjoyed when I saw it in its original release , as well in subsequent viewings on cable .
It featured the epic meeting between Captains Kirk and Picard , as well as the destruction of the original Enterprise .
What 's not to like ?
For this post , however , I 'm going to focus on a small portion of the film -- a five - minute sequence in which Kirk and Picard find themselves marooned in the Nexus ; an extra- dimensional realm in which ones thoughts and desires shape reality .
For Picard this meant re-discovering a love interest from his youth whom he had abandoned for the sake of his career .
For Kirk it basically boiled down to going horseback riding .
No matter , though , they were happy , at least for five minutes .
Once they realized that they had to get back to saving the universe they left the Nexus and returned to reality , or at least what passed for it in the Star Trek universe .
Which brings me to the jazz portion of this post .
It is my belief that there exists a jazz nexus .
That is to say that there is a zone that can be entered in which the beat becomes wide enough so that the musician possesses unlimited powers .
While in the jazz nexus he can do no wrong and so is capable of executing an unlimited amount of ideas with effortless fluidity .
It 's not an easy place to get to .
It takes a symbiotic and cohesive unit , as well as a nurturing performance space with a sympathetic audience .
It 's not somewhere you can get to on your own .
I believe that 's why musicians have chosen this life , which at best is a non-lucrative existence that comes with years of dues paying and struggle .
As for me , I believe that at some point in my youth -- I can almost remember the exact night -- I stumbled into the nexus and was given a brief glimpse of what it had to offer .
Once I had the bug I dedicated my life to trying to get back there .
Musicians such as Wynton Kelley and Hank Mobley lived in the nexus .
Mortals such as I are allowed in for a brief taste every so often -- long enough to keep me going playing $ 50.00 gigs secure in the knowledge that I will return .
4:34 pm edt
Friday , March 2 , 2012 Louder !
Have you all noticed how loud life is getting ?
I 'm not talking about the street noise of a bustling city -- I like the mayhem of honking horns and people screaming good - naturedly , or angrily at each other .
I 'm talking about ancillary noise that did not exist a decade ago .
When you go to a movie , even before the trailers begin , there are commercials playing at an uncomfortable volume .
Forget the feature , which is deafening .
When I lived in New York I used to dread walking by the Peruvian folk bands playing on the street , or in the subway stations .
You know those guys :
They 're the ones with the amplified pan flute players .
What is it with the pan flute anyway ?
First of all , the instrument itself is an abomination .
Second of all , nobody wants to hear it .
And third of all , they are particularly offensive when PLAYED THROUGH MARSHALL STACKS !
Closer to home , I am distressed about how loud jazz music has become .
In the old days bass players did n't have amps -- they were felt more than heard .
Perhaps this explains why they felt so good !
These days you have bass players playing through amplification at uncomfortably loud levels .
The drummer ends up having to play louder , and the horns and piano require micing .
Ultimately , unless you 're playing at a serious listening venue , the audience talks louder .
It 's a vicious cycle .
Or is it a vicious circle ?
Whatever .
It 's vicious .
9:25 pm est
Tuesday , January 18 , 2011
The first and last word on jazz piano : Bud
There have so many pianists that have shaped the legacy of jazz music but there is one who towers above them all .
Without Bud Powell there would be no Wynton Kelley , no Horace Silver , no McCoy Tyner , and no Chick Corea .
Certainly Barry Harris , Tommy Flanagan , and Sonny Clark would have sounded much different .
Even the pianists you might think are not influenced by Bud , such as Bill Evans and Keith Jarrett , owe a great deal to the master .
Early Bill Evans recordings reveal a close stylistic affinity with Powell , and Jarrett has recorded many of Powell 's compositions on his trio dates - enough to let you know that he has more than a passing fancy .
The first Bud record that I owned was s Verve " twofer " called The Genius of Bud Powell , which comprised his trio and solo work from 1949 - 1951 .
I was just fifteen , new to jazz , but from the opening off - to - the - races intro of Tempus Fugit , Bud had won yet another disciple .
It would be impossible for me to overstate his importance to jazz pianists .
The connection I felt to him was instantaneous and thrilling .
These sessions , recorded in such a brief span of time , are the lexicon from which future pianists would study .
His technique is prodigious , but not as frightening and daunting as that of Art Tatum .
He 's just mortal enough to allow you to have a smidgen of belief that it is attainable .
The technique , however , is the tip of the iceberg .
Check out his clarity of ideas .
He rarely repeats himself , even on the extended choruses of All Gods Children Got Rhythm , Tea For Two , and Parisian Thoroughfare .
His attack is hard , yet he never forces the beat .
He is secure in the center of the beat , rarely clams a note , and is so confident in the up tempo numbers that they hardly sound fast at all - just musical .
His ideas , in fact , are so well - formed that he becomes a be -bop impressionist - painting in colors we could not dream of .
These sides , and I 've heard them hundreds of times , never get old to me .
I am as dumbfounded listening to them today as I wax 35 years ago .
His ballad playing is like no other pianist I 've ever heard .
Phrases come in clusters , seemingly unrelated to the beat , but that is only an illusion ; his time is never less than perfect .
He appears to have found a way to use the maximum amount of pedal without ever slurring notes .
He is romantic but never scmaltzy .
His personality looms over everything .
From the startling originals , Hallucinations and The Fruit , to the clever re-working of the standards Tea For Two and Cherokee , he is in command and the music has such forward momentum that you almost get the feeling that his sidemen - Max Roach and Ray Brown - giants in their own rite , are merely along for the ride .
This is bourne out on his solo sides of 1951 , in which the tunes are so alluring , and his time so strong that on first listen one can be forgiven for not noticing the absence of a rhythm section !
Bud , you left us far too soon , but thank you for all that you have given us .
We can never repay you , and we will never forget you .
7:33 pm est
Sunday , August 8 , 2010 Keitho has left the building
On Saturday , after a week of heartfelt goodbyes , going away parties , and more tears than a Terms of Endearment 30th year anniversary revival , we have left New York City .
I was glad that my last memory was of the Northern Blvd Best Buy — it will lessen the nostalgia .
Around 2:30 PM we crossed the George Washington Bridge into New Jersey thus concluding my life in New York City .
I remember my first night in New York some 26 years ago .
I stayed with my cousin who had an apartment at the Esplinade Hotel on West End Ave and 74th st .
It was a cold , rainy night , and I was holed up in his bedroom .
He was working late so I was by myself , or so I thought .
I had this clock radio that a neighbor had given me as a going away present .
It still works — we keep it in our upstate house .
I turned the radio on and tuned to a Rangers - Islanders playoff game .
Not that I gave a rats ass about hockey in those days , but I was so excited to be in New York that I would have listened to Ed Koch reciting the Gettysburg Address had it been on .
( I should note that these days I have a much greater appreciation of hockey and intend to root on my San Jose Sharks …. doesn anyone even know the way to San Jose ? )
So I ’m listening to this game and it ’s the second overtime .
All of a sudden the Islanders scored to win the game and I heard this blood curdling scream emanating from the adjacent bedroom .
I ca n’t begin to describe the agony and utter despair that was contained in that five second outburst , but suffice it to say that I had never heard anything like it .
It was like a dying wildebeest going though heroin withdrawal while giving birth to twins .
I smiled and thought , “ Now , I ’m in New York ! ” 1:01 pm edt
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The announcement of the discovery of a secret prison in Baghdad where Sunni Arabs suspected of involvement in guerrilla activities were held and sometimes tortured may have an effect on the shape of the next Iraqi government .
Over 400 Sunnis were held at the facility .
The revelation starts one thinking about the true character of Iraq ’s ‘ democracy . ’
The London Daily ash - Sharq al - Awsat points out that the prison was administered by the ‘ military office ’ of Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki , who is presently attempting to form a government so as to enjoy a second term as the Iraqi head of state .
Baha al - A’raji , a Sadrist spokesman , confirmed that the movement has decided that not only will it reject the candidacy for prime minister of Nuri al - Maliki , but they do not want a prime minister from the Islamic Mission ( Da ’wa ) Party at all .
The prison torture revelations may make it more difficult for al - Maliki to form an alliance with another potential partner , the Iraqi National List .
That list had strong Sunni support .
And , supporters of the Iraqiya list are already upset the recount of ballots in Baghdad province , which they fear al - Maliki will manipulate to his advantage .
One possibility is that the Shiite religious coalition will split , with a majority following Iraqi Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr .
That division would allow al - Maliki to ally with the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq , headed by cleric Ammar al - Hakim .
If the two of them could do a deal with the Kurdistan Alliance , they could form a government .
But the price of going for broke with another Shiite - Kurdish alliance is that it would be unacceptable to the Sunni Arabs .
The Iraqi National List of Allawi is already threatening to boycott any such government and to instead sit in the opposition and to refuse to join in a government of national unity .
Show full PR text
Blackmagic Design Announces Intensity Shuttle
NAB 2010 , Las Vegas , USA -- April 12 , 2010 -- Blackmagic Design today announced Intensity Shuttle , a new low cost and extremely high quality HDMI and analog video capture and playback solution for USB 3.0 computers .
Intensity Shuttle is powered from the USB 3.0 connection and features an attractive white inline design priced at only $ 199 .
Intensity Shuttle will be demonstrated on the Blackmagic Design NAB 2010 booth at # SL 6020 .
Intensity Shuttle includes separate connections for HDMI 1.3 , component , composite and s-video capture and playback at full 10 bit video quality .
Intensity Shuttle lets customers connect to the latest AVCHD and HDV cameras for direct capture from the image sensor for incredible video quality , and HDMI and component video outputs provide fantastic quality monitoring with maximum possible real time effects .
USB 3.0 is the new version of the USB computer connection that runs 10 times faster than regular USB .
This means , for the first time , there is a built in connection on computers that is fast enough for 10 bit HD uncompressed video .
USB 3.0 allows simple to install products with broadcast quality video to be designed for low cost computers .
USB 3.0 is already included as standard on computers from HP , ASUS and Gigabyte , and is becoming more popular every day .
Intensity Shuttle includes built in broadcast quality video at a consumer price , making high - end 10 bit broadcast quality video available to even more videographers for true professional work .
Many videographers are working on demanding video work such as independent films where quality is important .
Intensity Shuttle lets anyone work at the highest video quality regardless of budget !
Intensity Shuttle requires an Intel™ x58 series Windows ™ computer with USB 3.0 connection .
Intensity Shuttle supports Premiere Pro™ , After Effects™ , Photoshop™ , Fusion™ and more .
Blackmagic Design 's Media Express software is included free , and a free developer SDK is available .
" We are very excited to make the high quality of our Intensity cards available in an attractive , affordable and easy to install USB 3.0 based external design " , said Grant Petty , CEO , Blackmagic Design , " Now even more videographers will have access to the highest quality video with new 10 bit broadcast quality , plus independent connections for HDMI , component , composite and s-video .
It 's a fantastic solution ! "
Intensity Shuttle Key Features
* HDMI in and out .
* Component analog in and out .
* Composite video in and out .
* S - Video in and out .
* Stereo analog audio in and out .
* USB 3.0 connection to Intel x58 series computers .
* Powered via USB 3.0 connection .
* Uncompressed 10 and 8 video and compressed video capture and playback .
* Works with Premiere Pro , After Effects , Photoshop , Fusion and more .
* Includes Media Express capture and playback software .
Availability and Price
Intensity Shuttle will me available in May for US $ 199 from all Blackmagic Design resellers worldwide .
April 26 , 2010
By Steve Thomas
( for Henrymakow.com
)
For over 30 years ,
Rael Maitreya
has uncovered numerous personal connections between the leadership of this cult movement , and the top - level world elite - musicians , politicians , gate - keepers of capital , media and culture - several indicating a more than passing interest in fallen angels !
( left ) has been the leader of a growing world movement known as Raelism - a self proclaimed ' atheist religion ' claiming direct contact with invisible ' extraterrestrial beings ' resembling Biblical ' fallen angels ' .
My recent research has uncovered numerous personal connections between the leadership of this cult movement , and the top - level world elite - musicians , politicians , gate - keepers of capital , media and culture - several indicating a more than passing interest in fallen angels !
Is this Raelian connection a harmless fling or a potential threat to the stability and spiritual well - being of human - kind ?
Let 's examine some of the activities and claims of this group ...
THIRD TEMPLE IN IS'RAEL SEAT OF ALIEN WORLD GOVERNMENT
On April 12 , 2009 , Rael Maitreya , the atheist French ' prophet ' who claims to be Israel 's Messiah , publicly addressed the nation of IsRael ( as he has renamed it ) : " I , Yahweh , through the mouth of my Prophet , RAEL , your awaited Messiah , am sending you this ultimate message ... you all need to unite to prepare the construction of the Third Temple , Our Embassy and the glorious return of our beloved son , our last and ultimate messenger , the Messiah Rael , who will bring centuries of peace on Earth with our return .
Every minute counts and remember that you cannot say we did not warn you . "
Not content with stealing the divine titles of the Lord Jesus Christ - Messiah - Beloved Son - Rael Maitreya claims to have been personally contacted by advanced extra-terrestrial beings known as ' scientists ' , or ' elohim ' , who have been , he says , universally mistaken for God in monotheism .
These ' beings from the sky ' are supposedly due to " officially " intervene in the governmental affairs of planet earth very soon , dependent upon the desire of human - kind to receive them !
The group appears to be predicting some kind of alien - controlled Galactic World Government , centred in a temple , or extra-terrestrial " embassy " , in Jerusalem : " The embassy will be built , and our parents from space will come ... "
This might all be ' pie in the sky ' , if it were n't for the incredible connections that Rael Maitreya appears to have , that might just make this diabolical scheme slightly more plausible .
We have seen the registered public forum links between senior Rothschild family members and Rael Maitreya in Facebook .
This family enabled the Israeli parliament , the Knesset building to come into being in Jerusalem , and the Israeli Supreme Court building with its reported array of Masonic imagery and sinister symbolism ...
Could an ' embassy - temple ' be far behind ?
THE BIBLE
Bible prophecy describes a focused global connection between deluded human rulers of the world , and the deceptive spiritual enemies of God .
The book of Revelation describes Satan , the Devil ( aka Lucifer - appearing as an " angel of light " ) , being " cast into the earth with his angels " , to deceive the leaders and kings of the earth , who will voluntarily " give their power " to Antichrist for a time , supported by his " false prophet " .
Reading this Raelian material reminds us of the New Testament prophecy of the Apostle Paul : " Let no man deceive you by any means , for that day shall not come , except there come an apostasy first , and that man of sin is revealed , the son of perdition ;
Who opposes and exalts himself above all that is called God , or that is worshipped ; so that he as God sits in the temple of God ... " [ 2 Thessalonians 2:3 ]
OPEN BLASPHEMY
Interesting then to discover that Rael has set up an ' apostasie ' website where he brazenly takes on God himself .
Devoting his campaign to call Christians to ' apostatize ' and ' de - baptize ' themselves , a video is presented entitled " Brigitte 's blasphemy " .
Rael 's glamorous , if somewhat unhinged spokesperson , publicly states : " There is no God , there is no soul , " then she speaks against the Holy Spirit of God , denying his existence .
She continues : " most of the God believers of the planet are responsible for the wars that we see - we do n't see atheists sending bombs ... "
Brigitte presents here a well worn cliché in her attempt to smooth over the inconvenient fact that a clear majority of genocidal murders of millions have been conducted in the blatant cause of atheism ( Stalin , Mao , Pol Pot ... ) , and by megalomaniacs arrogantly claiming a divine right to make war in the name of God ( Hitler , Mussolini ... ) - occultists who had nothing whatever to do with God .
CHALLENGE TO MARRIAGE AND FAMILY
The world - changing ambitions of this group extend to an assault upon family life and sexual morality , as Rael challenges norms of heterosexual monogamous marriage .
Not even a case of ' live and let live ' here .
In an article entitled , ' Divorce can save your life ! '
Rael states that : " The Raelian philosophy teaches that guilt , frustration and antiquated Judeo - Christian values are at the core of many contemporary health problems " .
" People are healthiest when they 're free to enjoy many sexual partners , " explains Rael .
" In fact , I encourage people to explore ' polyamory , ' which means loving many people simultaneously and without jealousy . "
" true spirituality never spawns guilt , shame or feelings of betrayal ...
The old Judeo - Christian teachings are repressive and anti-spiritual ... "
Rael goes further in pushing God - given protective boundaries , establishing a scientific quest to create the first human cloned infant .
This , it is claimed , will enable homosexuals to enjoy their own 100 % genetic offspring , or replace a ' lost relative ' .
http://www.clonaid.com/page. php ?7
No mention here of STD's , HIV , or the effect of multiple parental partners on a child 's identity and well - being .
Nor the loss of cohesiveness to society and the inevitable trauma to innocent victims of infidelity .
Instead , we find the following twisted challenge to normal theistic morality :
FINAL OUTCOME
This attempt to unite the world under under what are traditionally known as Satan 's ' demons ' or ' devils ' would go nowhere .
But the alarming factor is the registered connection between Rael Maitreya 's primary link , Igor N. Grata , to the ruling echelons of global society , culture , arts , media , ruling families , big business , courtesans to the nobility , and billionaire financiers .
Igor N. Grata http://www.facebook.com/grata?
ref=sgm ( logon to Facebook to view details of this intricate and global web , peppered with famous names . )
Displaying Rael Maitreya in pole position ( with links to the Angel Illuminati , and the Grandmaster of the Guilderberg / Bilderberg , Van Hausen Guilder ) , this page connects the Raelian movement to ' the world ' .
The level of inter connectivity between mutually established friend connections ( scroll the friend links on this page to confirm ) reveals a well developed network at the highest levels of global society .
If a bid to establish centralized World Government is successful , under the guidance of this ' Maitreya ' , are we about to witness the Biblical " Great Apostasy " ?
The " Time of Tribulation " - the final fling of the unholy Devil , frantically attempting to establish rule over God 's earth before Jesus Christ returns to overthrow the ancient Luciferian rebellion , establishing the eternal Kingdom of the true Creator ?
This may read like a bizarre tale of fantasy - but truth , it seems , really can be stranger than fiction .
---------------
Steve Wesley Thomas , 46 , is an Organic Gardener in Cornwall , England .
See his " Tracking the Illuminati on Facebook "
We men really do love breasts , especially big breasts : we talk about them , brag about touching them and apparently now write extensive comedy articles about them for the internet .
Many women might think it ’s juvenile on our part to obsess so much over nothing more than a pair of meat sacks filled with fat , but there are many stories out there which support our collective theory that breasts are just plain awesome .
So sit back and relax , here are the 6 weirdest facts and tales about breasts .
6 .
Small Knockers
Almost Got Vietnamese Bikers Banned From the Roads
In 2008 the Vietnamese government was seriously considering banning all females whose chests measured less than 28 inches from riding their motorbikes on public roads .
Allegedly this was a bid from the Ministry of Health aimed at making sure that the people behind the handlebars remain healthy , but it ’s quite obvious that they were just trying to pressure the women into getting b00 b jobs .
If you have ever interacted with a Vietnamese person or saw one of those oriental X - rated movies on the ad **t You Tubes that everybody ’s talking about , then you know that eastern Asian females do n’t really carry around a pair of huge portable airbags on their chests .
In that region small breasts are not the sign of sickness , they are the sign of ( a little bit depressing and flat ) normality , and it almost cost thousands of ladies the use of their Vespas .
In 2009 however , the proponents of this bill finally got smacked over the head by their wives and the idea died out .
5 .
Breasts Can Become Bigger Via a Cellphone Ringtone
Speaking of smaller breasts from East Asia , it somehow seems appropriate that the inventor of the first noninvasive breast augmentation procedure that probably works , hails from Japan .
For a number of years now Dr. Hideto Tomabechi has been preoccupied with 2 things : sounds and breasts , and in 2008 he combined his 2 passions into the “ Rock Melon ” – a ringtone which supposedly causes titties to gain in size if you just listen to it .
Dr. Tomabechi has designed the “ Rock Melon ” sound to carry with it a subliminal cry of an infant child , which allegedly works on a woman ’s brain causing it to instinctively switch to motherhood mode , making her chest jugs fill with milk .
After listening to the tone 20 times a day for a couple of days , one of the good doctor ’s test subjects reported her breasts grew in size by almost an entire inch !
The only question that remains is : why are n’t we feeding this sound through every loudspeaker in the country ?
4 .
Sufficiently Big Melons Can Keep You Out of Prison
You would think that the only way breasts could keep anyone from doing jail - time is if that person went back to the judge ’s chambers and let him touch them for a couple of minutes .
But luckily there are less sad examples of the twins providing legal representation in court , as was the case with Serena Kozakura .
In 2007 Serena Kozakura , 38 , was convicted of property destruction after she allegedly kicked in the wooden doors to an unnamed man ’s apartment and trashed it to hell .
However , during a reenactment of the crime , Kozakura proved that the hole someone made in the door was way too small for her and her impressive 44 - inch chest to crawl through .
Based on just that , the woman was acquitted .
It ’s probably safe to say she will never curse her massive knockers ever again after it turned out they are her own personal pair of top notch defense lawyers .
Oh breasts , is there anything you cannot do ?
Now , what do you know about that ?
Our very own Chris Ziegler stopped into Best Buy ( undoubtedly right after leaving CB2 ) and spotted something we did n't expect to see just yet ... the Sony Dash .
That 's right , the Dash - which is available for pre-order but was n't supposed to hit retail until April 29th -- is already on the shelf .
Now , there was only one unit available and it was just squeezed in between some other wares , so we 're not sure if it was put out by accident or what , but if you 're really dying to get your hands on one a few days early , hitting up your local BB might turn up something .
Let us know in the comments if you nab one !
Update : Chris reported back to us to say that when he tried to purchase it , it came up with a price of $ 999 and a code of " DO NOT SELL . "
He was also told to come back next Friday if he wanted to purchase it .
The worst mistake people make in political arguments is assuming that the other side is not trying to do the right thing .
This simple oversight makes productive conversation nearly impossible .
The only way to have a real discussion is to realize that both parties think they are doing good , and that the question is one of perspective on right and wrong .
For liberals , consider that Bush did n’t wake up every morning thinking he ’d get rich and make the world hate us .
No .
He woke up thinking he ’d help the world , and that people would love him .
Conservatives should consider that Obama does n’t wake up thinking of how to destroy America ; he genuinely believes he ’s improving it .
So call them stupid .
Call them foolish .
Call them misguided .
But do n’t call them evil , as true evil requires the desire to do evil .
The moment one starts believing the other side intends to be evil , the conversation is over .
Instead , you must accept that both of you are trying to achieve what you believe to be good , and so the goal should be to determine –in objective terms –what right and wrong actually are , within the context of our shared human struggle .
Until we can work from within this type of common moral space we have little foundation on which to form a productive political debate . ::
CollegeTimes | Real World Education
" How much does ___ cost ? " is an apparently very interesting lens through which to judge countries - or more specifically , the obsessions of their ( wou ... [ Read More ]
To be sure , this is not an April Fool 's Day stunt .
( In fact , the below video was filmed and published by Guinness World Records themselves , so you can ... [ Read More ]
Sometimes , satire is the only good way to make a point .
In this example - when whacking at balls and sticks earns you millions of dollars a year , w ... [ Read More ]
2019 MBA Admissions Consulting
These days , college is expensive and not the best choice for everyone .
But do you know which degree is still highly valuable ?
That 's right , an MBA degree .
If you study at a high quality MBA program in the United States , you can use that degree to improve your reputation and career ANYWHERE in the world , unlike law or medical degrees ( or worthless degrees from diploma mills ) .
Contact our experts to see if you 're a good candidate for our top MBA programs ... all our programs are accredited by AACSB !
Official MBA partner of The Economist .
[ contact - form - 7 id = '66877 ' title= ' Aringo Form ' ]
The web is atwitter this week with yet another change to Facebook 's privacy practices , which will allow your information to be shared with third parties .
The examples being provided are things like :-
If you go to imDB to research a movie , you 'll see which of your Facebook friends have " Liked " it . -
If you go to Pandora , it will suggest music based on the contents of your Facebook profile .
Some may think that this can be controlled by strapping down application and privacy settings within Facebook and controlling browser options ( like removing all cookies on exit ) , but I have been wondering for awhile how Pandora currently is overriding browser - level controls .
What I mean is : I have a Pandora account , and I use Firefox for browsing .
My browser is set to clear all history , saved information , form data , and cookies when I close -- and sure enough , when I restart Firefox , all data has been cleared .
When I browse to Pandora , however , it remembers who I am , which makes me think its stuff is based on IP address rather than cookies .
Now imagine the merging of a ) Facebook technology implemented on other sites with b ) a shared record of your Facebook activity .
The fluffy side of this advancement is a " better user experience " or quicker access to what you 're looking for on other sites .
The not - so - fluffy side : a more public record of your online activity , personal beliefs , and intimate information .
If you 're a big consumer of online porn , you might as well come out of the closet right now .
( See related article : " Porn virus publishes web history of victims on net " by BBC on April 15 .)
If you suffer from depression and seek information about getting help , expect that to eventually be shared with potential employers and insurance companies .
Anything you do on third - party sites may be given back to Facebook and spread there .
Facebook 's pitch may feel warm - and - fuzzy now , but you should think ahead five years :
Every site will have this technology in their toolbox ( just like blogging , RSS , embedded video , and analytics have become commonplace but once were state - of - the - art concepts hard to wrap our heads around ) , and it will expand from " Likes " to " Dislikes " and " Visits .
" Do you spend most of your time online ?
Would you rather send an email , text , or Facebook message than call or visit someone ?
Do measure your life in Likes , Views , Subscribers , Followers ?
If so , I highly recommend you watch a documentary called , which profiles Josh Harris , an Internet pioneer who has keen foresight about Internet technology ( and seems to believe in a - like future for us all ) .
He has been able to not only technically understand the global network we share , but also accurately forecast our collective use of it and its evolution .
The picture he paints parallels his own life :
In an attempt to connect more intimately with others , we 're simultaneously detaching ourselves from one another and creating a cycle of escalating dynamics -- an , if you ask me .
Harris was at the forefront of web video , actually working before the curve -- helping to establish the technology before users had an understanding or the necessary infrastructure to widely use it .
With his dot - com fortune , he conducted social experiments that at the time seemed weird and meaningless but later served as examples of his ability to see our interaction on a different level than most of us do .
For instance , , a project that housed around 100 people in a Big Brother - esque bunker with cameras , was funded and managed by Harris right around Y2 K .
In exchange for free food , housing , and entertainment , participants were required to have cameras on them all the time and be subjected to interrogations .
Artists and alternative people clamored to be accepted into what they thought was performance art or an experiment in socialism ; they even gave up very sensitive information just to get through the interview process , including sexual history , Social Security number , and preferences of relatives .
What this " art project " turned out to be was a visionary 's glimpse into our collective online future .
I do n't want to give away all of the film , but it 's been replaying in my head ever since I watched it .
Be sure to check it out if you care about Internet privacy or simply wish to live more connected to the world and people .
At the same time , you should view these presentations about Facebook and Google Grid , which -- while kind of dated -- provide a better understanding of how this stuff all works together .
Video : Epic 2015 ( Google Grid ) Video : Does What Happens in Facebook Stay in Facebook ?
Video : We Live in Public trailer Yes , there are some conspiratorial elements to these videos .
Rather than thinking about these technical advancements as evil tools of a mad genius , tyrannical governments , or the Illuminati , I am more interested in the social aspects .
I am naturally an introvert and workaholic , and I know there is comfort in using a digital technology to attempt intimacy .
For a reserved or shy person , it 's more comfortable to have a confrontation and or to communicate something tender via email ; rejection , anger , disgust , or other negative responses are softer as black words on a white screen ( or no response ) rather than disappointed faces and harsh words sitting before you .
It 's also easier , faster , and more reparable to cut off ( or connect with ) someone digitally .
By making things easier or less comfortable , are we losing some of what it means to be human ?
Most people have websites these days , and everyone is screaming for attention .
They 're pleading -- via YouTube , Twitter , Facebook -- to have someone , anyone notice .
Instead of evaluating the value of whom is paying attention , people are focused on quantity -- relying on an increased number of Views , Fans , or Followers to dictate their self - worth and decide whether they should expose even more of themselves online .
Would your Likes mean so much if you knew they were all coming from child molesters , retarded people , or neo -Nazis ?
What about if they all were coming from Mensa members , celebrities , or experts in your field ?
Would that change your perception of who you are or the quality of what you 're sharing on the web ?
So I ask , as I urge you to watchand think a about your web life :
Are we social animals ?
Are we humans or are we machines ?
Are physical contact , in - person socialization , and privacy integral to our survival as a species ?
I do n't know the answers , but I do feel like the next few years are going to make for a bumpy and interesting time .
Maybe there will be a small Renaissance faction , a group of free - thinkers who will actually detach themselves from online socialization in order to achieve what it 's actually breaking down : true connection with other humans .
Humans can threaten species with extinction in many ways , including overfishing , pollution and deforestation .
Now a pair of studies points to a new danger to the world 's biodiversity : humans may be blocking new species from evolving .
New species evolve when old species split apart .
Animals living on a peninsula might become cut off from the mainland by rising sea levels , for example .
They would adapt to life on the island and acquire mutations not shared by the rest of their species .
If the sea level should drop and the animals could mix together again , the mutations might make it less likely that the two populations could interbreed .
They would be on their way to becoming separate species .
A few places provide scientists with a good view of these forces at work .
In western Canada , many lakes formed when the glaciers retreated at the end of the last ice age 11,000 years ago .
