A minority group for those who find strength in numbers .
A community for people who like their intimate lives communal .
Polyamory – the practice of openly engaging in multiple loving relationships – acquired its name in the 1990s , and has been gaining ground as a recognised lifestyle and movement ever since .
With the UK 's first " poly " website just launched , and Polyday taking place in London later this month , it seems there 's never been a better time for " ethical non-monogamists " to stand up and be counted .
Let 's clear up a few things first .
This is n't polygamy , where one person ( usually male ) has numerous spouses who cannot pursue other liaisons themselves .
Nor is it swinging or adultery ; polyamorists are n't into cheating or one - night wife - swaps .
It also differs from the hippie notion of " free love " , which was primarily about enjoying sex .
And it 's a bit more specific than an " open relationship " .
What polys want – not so different from the rest of us – are ongoing , honest , committed relationships .
But with several people at once .
The internet has helped them hugely on this quest , allowing individuals who might otherwise never meet to form vast , wide - ranging networks and communities .
Through forums , chatrooms and niche dating sites , they can share advice , discuss sexual politics and even find new partners .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In the UK alone , there are thought to be several thousand enthusiasts .
In July , Britain got its first dedicated poly website when Graham Nicholls founded www.polyamory.org.uk.
" The whole community was calling out for a main information site , " says the 34 - year - old artist from west London , currently in a " triad " with two female partners .
" It uses podcasts , video interviews and photos , and will hopefully raise consciousness about polyamory in a positive way . "
On the internet was where Clair Lewis , 36 , from Manchester , discovered the " p " word .
" I 've been polyamorous since the age of 19 , but for the first few years I did n't know there were others like me , or that there was a language for it .
There are still no role models ; you never see polys in soaps . "
Lewis is now national convenor for CAAN – the Consenting Adult Action Network – which campaigns for " the rights of consenting adults to make their own sexual choices , without interference from government " , and she regularly uses the internet to make contact with other poly protesters .
Of course , polys do n't interact solely in cyberspace .
As their lifestyle and beliefs suggest , they want to meet as many folk as possible in the flesh .
New York 's Poly Pride Weekend offers a picnic , rally and " cuddle party " every October .
Britain does n't yet host such a large or high - profile event , but around 300 attendees are expected at Polyday , a day of talks , workshops , socialising and " sex- positive cabaret " in central London on 26 September .
Organising the day this year is south London - based illustrator Maxine Green , 27 .
So what can those who attend expect ?
" The activities include a cartooning workshop and a spirituality discussion , and are divided into three threads : beginners , advanced and open to all , " she explains .
" We also hope to have an ' agony aunt ' session . "
Cartooning ?
Yes , enthusiasts will interpret polyamory through drawing .
Not surprisingly , jealousy and time management are perennial Polyday subjects , but another hot topic is politics .
" British polys are often into alternative lifestyles and politics , and tend to be more radical and progressive than American polys , " says Nicholls .
" Some even identify themselves as ' relationship anarchists ' . "
One such politically - driven poly is Owen Briggs , a 33 - year - old gardener from Nottingham .
" I believe in trying ' to break down power hierarchies in society , and that means breaking them down in my personal life as well , " he says .
" If I wish to try to allow others to be free , why would I want to control the people I love and care most about ? "
Anarchic approaches to relationships also abound on the " queer " poly scene , which , as Johanna Samuelson and her primary partner Jonathan David explain , is a little different from the standard gay scene .
" It 's an inclusive , activist community which sees beyond the divide between male and female , hetero and homo , " says Samuelson , a 27 - year - old postgraduate student from Brighton .
" When you start exploring your gender , you may also start exploring your sexuality , " adds David , a 26 - year - old musician who identifies himself as transgender , and feels that there is less acceptance of polyamory in more conventional gay circles .
Polys often credit the gay - rights movement with paving the way for them in terms of gaining respect and recognition .
" It has brought alternative relationships into the public eye , " believes Lewis .
But many individuals still choose to keep their uncustomary set - ups private .
Stuart , 44 , Kaye , 43 , and Ben , 25 ( not their real names ) , are " out " to close friends and some family members , yet , despite their idyllic and highly domesticated existence – they all live together in west London with Kaye and Stuart 's four children , seven chickens and two dogs , sharing bank accounts , the car and a bed – they fear that going public about their three - way relationship could jeopardise their jobs .
They do n't , however , hide away .
" The kids all find Ben 's presence quite natural , " says Kaye , " and we go out for dinner and on holiday together .
My eldest daughter , who 's 19 , has coped really well , considering she 's a teenager . "
What about school - gate gossip ?
" Things have really moved on , " she explains .
" My children 's school no longer makes presumptions about numbers ( or genders ) of parents .
The forms they bring home simply ask , ' Who 's in your family ? ' "
Nevertheless , non-monogamy remains very much a taboo in Western culture , where for hundreds of years our core values have revolved around exclusive pairings and the traditional nuclear family .
Polys who are open about their lifestyles inevitably face prejudices .
" At times I 've felt really isolated and lonely , " says Luisa Miller , a 26 - year - old event organiser from north London .
" People can assume it 's just about sex , and having ' fuck buddies ' .
Despite what you 'd think , it 's often harder to find relationships , because there are n't a lot of people who are OK with polyamory . "
David agrees that the poly ethos is too frequently misunderstood : " It gets portrayed as greedy , selfish and over - sexualised . "
Males tend to encounter the most suspicion .
" There 's this perception that it 's just a way for men to get their end away , " says Nicholls .
" In actual fact , the movement has risen out of third - wave feminism , and the first five significant books on the subject have all been written by women . "
Maxine Green , who enjoys simultaneous affairs of the heart with three men and one woman , endorses this argument : " My experience of the poly world is that there 's much more emphasis on equality than in the average monogamous relationship .
Women are just as able to make new connections as men , and are at least as often at the centre of a group . "
But not everyone has had such a positive experience .
Rosie ( not her real name ) , 32 , from Bristol , spent two years in a polyamorous relationship .
" Soon after my boyfriend and I got together , we decided to try polyamory , as we often fancied other people and did n't want to limit each other 's freedom .
It worked well for a while , " she remembers .
" But I did sometimes have insecure moments when he was off with another lover .
The trouble really started when one of my other relationships got more serious , and he became distant and quiet .
I was always completely open with him , and constantly emphasised that I was still in love with him , but he could n't handle it , and in the end we split up . "
Rosie sounds a word of warning : " I would n't judge anyone for trying it , but I do worry slightly that some people – especially young people – might do it because it 's trendy , or because their partner wants them to . "
But polyamory is not solely the preserve of those frisky , idealistic youngsters .
Pete Benson , 69 , has rejoiced in " emotional connectedness with more than one person " for half a century , and last year published his " user 's guide " to the practice , The Polyamory Handbook .
The American author raised his two children while living in a " quad " with his first wife and another couple in Eugene , Oregon , during the early 1970s .
" All five children in the quad family really loved having four parents to love them , pay attention to them , help them , and just do things with them .
We adults , too , had more free time by sharing the parenting activities . "
Benson and his current wife of six years , Deborah , 56 , now share a " secondary partner " , Misty , 50 .
More recently he has started seeing another secondary , Elan .
" There is definitely more acceptance now than 40 years ago , when I was in my twenties .
Then it was still a socially new thing for unmarried people to admit openly that they shared sex , and it was virtually unheard of for them to live together .
Those who openly did otherwise caused eyebrows to rise . "
And it was called , in what came to be a 1970s cliché , " free love " .
Benson welcomes polyamory 's tentative moves towards the mainstream .
" Nowadays , my wife and I routinely mention being polyamorous when relevant in conversation , as normally as mentioning , say , that we enjoy bicycling . "
After more than 50 years as a polyamorist , he 's a " veteran " in the field .
His advice is simple : " It takes thorough communication , flexibility and constant cultivation of one 's primary relationship ( if you 're in such a relationship ) to maintain trust .
A sense of humour also helps . "
Like Benson , Chicago - born medical translator Juliette Siegfried , who lives in Sitges , Catalonia , believes that having more than two parents in a family means " more love , support and financial resources for the child " .
Siegfried lives with her husband of 11 years , Roland Combes , his girlfriend of two years , homeopath Laurel Avery , and Combes ' and Avery 's eight - month - old daughter , Maya .
Well aware of the discrimination faced by polys , not to mention poly parents , Siegfried , 42 , has become something of a spokesperson for the cause , and runs discussion groups in Barcelona , as well as a Yahoo !
group , Poliamor , online .
" How else will we get past the prejudices ? " she reasons .
Combes , a 42 - year - old British web programmer , goes one step further : " While I do n't agree with dictating to people how they should live their lives , I feel that if governments promoted and encouraged these types of larger families , all sharing resources , it would benefit society as a whole by putting less pressure on the planet . "
Though it 's unlikely that state - funded leaflets extolling the virtues of non-monogamy are going to hit our doormats any time soon , polyamory 's increasing visibility and popularity suggest that in the not - too - distant - future there 'll be a lot more of it about .
Whether , as Benson puts it , " poly - style open relationships and multi- adult households might one day be accepted by society as a perfectly normal option for living and loving " remains to be seen , but movers and shakers in the poly world are already doing their damnedest to put this unconventional approach to romance on the map .
Polyday is at Dragon Hall , 17 Stukeley Street , London WC2 , on 26 September .
For details , visit www.polyday.org.uk
The home - makers : Laurel , Roland and Juliette
Husband and wife Roland Combes and Juliette Siegfried , both 42 , have always conducted their partnership " on somewhat open grounds " , and last year bought a flat in Sitges , Spain , with Roland 's girlfriend , Laurel Avery , 43 .
In January of this year , she gave birth to baby Maya ( pictured with the trio above ) .
" At first I worried about Laurel 's ' exciting newness ' , " concedes Siegfried , who until recently also had a boyfriend , " but things evolved naturally , and now I feel so delighted with the situation .
Just after Maya was born everyone was exhausted and communication went out of the window , so now we have a schedule to balance our caring and working , as we all work from home . "
" Love is n't limited , but time is , " agrees Avery , who adds that , " Maya will benefit from having three loving parents . "
She also stresses that , " Communication in a polyamorous household is key – just like in a monogamous relationship . "
Combes , originally from Chelmsford , England , comments that , " Despite the Catholic culture , people in Spain are more ' live and let live ' about our lifestyle than in Britain , where attitudes are becoming increasingly moralistic . "
But he believes that acceptance in general will rise , " in the same way that it has for interracial marriage and gay partnerships " .
The group are even considering , in time , adding new members to their home .
" We 'd like to grow the family even more , " says Siegfried .
" We 're good at relationships , and you want to do more of what you 're good at . "
The activist : Clair ( in wheelchair ) with ( left ) Phoebe and Lucy
Clair Lewis , 36 , from Manchester , is devoted to " parenting , partnering and protesting " .
She has three children , and two partners , Lucy McAlister , 31 , and Phoebe Tunstall , 25 .
" We spend a lot of time all together , though Phoebe and Lucy are not in a relationship with each other .
The kids love having a big family , with more than one adult to go to if they have a problem .
The only thing I sometimes miss is time for friends .
" Recently I got engaged to both Phoebe and Lucy , which is really exciting .
It 's not ideal that you can only wed one person legally , though ; that 's something I 'd like to see changing . "
A genetic illness means that Clair frequently has to use a wheelchair .
" My political activism has come out through being disabled .
Lots of people think having a disability means you 're asexual and should n't reproduce ; it makes me angry , but also determined to fight discrimination in a whole range of areas , including poly relationships .
" It is a common misconception that it 's only physically and emotionally possible to love one person at a time .
Nobody contests that you can have three children and love them all as much , so why not more than one partner ? "
The experimenters : Johanna and Jonathan
Johanna Samuelson , 27 , and Jonathan David , 26 , have been living polyamorously in Brighton for 18 months .
Each considers the other to be their " primary partner " , but Johanna has been seeing another lover for five months , while Jonathan has had a number of short - term affairs .
They 've also had a three - way relationship with an " intimate friend " .
" I was quite shocked when Jonathan first fell in love with someone else , " admits Samuelson .
" We 've had to work out new boundaries . "
David , too , felt " insecure and jealous to start with " , but now enjoys " being able to go out and play with others while still having a long - term , domestic partner . "
Sexually , Samuelson relishes the opportunity " to have beautiful moments with different people " , and David " to learn some new tricks to teach Johanna " .
Transgender David also believes that the additional intimacies " have made me feel more comfortable with my body " .
" As long as you do things with responsibility and respect , and communicate well beforehand , the positive energy you get with a new person can be really good for your main relationship , " says Samuelson .
" People see it as having the best of both worlds .
But this hides all the hard work you have to do . "
A wheelchair - bound , legless man in Merced , California , says police officers tasered him twice , pushed him out of his wheelchair and left him handcuffed in broad daylight naked from the waist down before arresting him on charges that would never be pressed .
According to the Merced Sun -Star , the Merced Police Department is now investigating two officers who responded to a domestic disturbance call that resulted in 40 - year - old Gregory Williams spending six days in jail without charges .
ADVERTISEMENT
Several witnesses back up Williams ’ claims , the newspaper reports .
The paper obtained a short , grainy video that appears to show Williams , naked from the waist down , sitting handcuffed outside his apartment complex .
The Sun -Star writes :
[ A] lthough the two lead arresting officers are white , and Williams is black , it remains unknown whether race was a factor in the incident .
Those two officers remain on duty .
Williams said the officers never used any racial epithets toward him .
Although he does believe race and class played a role in his arrest , he also feels the police just wanted to be “ downright nasty ” to him .
“ They did what they did because they can get away with it , ” he said .
“ They ’ve been doing it so long , it does n’t matter who they do it to .
They just think they can get away with it . ”
The incident began when police responded to a call claiming an argument had broken out at Williams ’ home .
One of the officers involved , John Pinnegar , claims Williams ’ wife said Williams had hit her , a charge Williams denies .
Police say when they tried to take his two - year - old daughter from his lap to hand her over to Child Protective Services , Williams resisted .
That ’s when the violence allegedly began .
In an emotional video interview , Williams said : “ I ’m not a violent person , I do not have a criminal background . ”
Added Williams : “ How much resisting am I going to do with no legs , no feet ?
How much resisting am I going to do ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Williams said Pinnegar unholstered his Taser , jammed it into his rib cage and shocked him twice .
Williams said he fell from his chair onto his stomach on the ground outside his doorway , ” the Sun - Star reports .
Williams also says an officer put his knee on Williams ’ neck after he was already on the ground , even though “ I ca n’t get up now — I do n’t have any feet to get up with , ” Williams said .
He added : “ And they tell me that I ’m doing stupid stuff in front of my kids ?
These are cops and they come in my house — what if they had accidentally tased my kid because of their [ stupidity ] ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Sun-Star reports that a “ hostile ” crowd gathered around the apartment building during the incident .
The “ apartment complex came to a roar because they were tasing a guy in a wheelchair and it was for no reason , ” said one witness interviewed on video .
Williams was arrested on suspicion of domestic violence and resisting arrest .
He spent six days in lock - up before he was released , and the county prosecutor has laid no charges .
ADVERTISEMENT
Williams has been a double amputee since 2004 , when he was diagnosed with deep - vein thrombosis that led to gangrene in his legs .
— David Edwards and Daniel Tencer
This video is from Merced Sun -Star , broadcast Sept. 20 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
anyone else ever get baked out in thier yard and see squirrels running along the fences ?
that shits like a squirrel highway and you can get anywhere in the burbs on the squirrel highway .
Whatever the company ’s motive , retail behemoth Wal - Mart Stores Inc. made healthcare reform significantly more likely last week by throwing its weight behind a requirement that all employers provide health coverage .
The company made its position known in a letter to President Obama , who has said an employer mandate is vital to helping cover the roughly 46 million people in the United States who lack medical insurance .
Although it was n’t in the letter , Wal - Mart also says it supports a mandate for all uninsured people to buy reasonably priced coverage -- another key element of the healthcare debate .
“ It ’s pretty clear that we ’re advocating for reform , ” Greg Rossiter , a company spokesman , told me .
“ We ’ve said for some time that we support healthcare reform .
It needs to be comprehensive and it needs to happen . ”
Advertisement
If those remarks caused you to do a double take , you ’re not alone .
This is Wal - Mart , right ?
The same company that ’s drawn fire from unions and municipalities for not providing sufficient coverage to its own 1.4 million U.S. workers ?
The same company that just a few years ago was fighting aggressively against similar proposals at the state level ?
“ Wal - Mart has been working hard to improve its image on healthcare , ” said Paul Ginsburg , president of the Center for Studying Health System Change , a Washington think tank .
“ They ’ve moved from being a bad guy to a good guy . ”
Advertisement
That was the consensus among various healthcare experts I spoke with .
While none could say for sure what Wal - Mart ’s motive may be , there was general agreement that whatever the company is up to , its contribution to the reform debate is a positive one .
“ This blows a hole in business opposition to reform efforts , ” said Judy Feder , a Georgetown University public policy professor who also serves as a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress .
The center ’s president , John Podesta , who helped lead Obama ’s transition team after the election , joined Wal - Mart Chief Executive Mike Duke in submitting last week ’s letter to the White House .
Also signing the letter was Andrew Stern , president of the Service Employees International Union , which has been at odds with Wal - Mart in the past but is aligned with the company on healthcare issues .
Advertisement
When I pressed Rossiter on the company ’s motive for embracing healthcare mandates , he insisted that Wal - Mart has always recognized a need for overhauling the healthcare system .
The record , I believe , says otherwise .
Until relatively recently , Wal - Mart has been viewed primarily as an opponent to reform , not an agent of change .
So what gives ?
Many healthcare activists are reluctant to go on the record criticizing Wal - Mart for fear they ’ll discourage the company from continuing down the reform path .
But privately , they say it ’s possible Wal - Mart is backing mandates as a way to head off more onerous legislation .
Advertisement
Specifically , the company may be trying to put the kibosh on a “ free - rider provision ” that would require employers to contribute to individual policies or government programs like Medicaid if workers have no other recourse for coverage .
About 52 % of Wal - Mart employees are insured through the company , up from roughly 46 % several years ago .
The rest have to look elsewhere for coverage .
Often , coverage ends up being provided by taxpayers .
As the nation ’s largest employer , Wal - Mart would perhaps have the most to lose from a free - rider provision .
Another catalyst for the company ’s born - again reform zeal could be a calculation that its size and income -- $ 13.4 billion in profit last year -- make it better positioned than rival retailers to withstand the financial burden of a mandate .
Advertisement
Observers made a similar case in trying to explain why Philip Morris broke from other tobacco companies to support regulation of its business by the Food and Drug Administration .
Simply put , Philip Morris had less to lose from FDA oversight and more market share to protect .
Many large and medium - size retailers may find a healthcare mandate too great a challenge amid ever - narrowing profit margins .
For Wal - Mart , the higher cost of insurance could be offset by an influx of new customers .
“ It ’s hard not to imagine that there ’s a lot of self - interest here , ” said Bob Greenstein , executive director of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities .
Still , he and others are prepared to give Wal - Mart the benefit of the doubt on the company ’s sincerity in its recognition that , as it says in the letter , “ now is the time for action on this vital issue . ”
Advertisement
No less intriguing , Wal - Mart apparently remains open to Obama ’s proposal for a public insurance plan that would compete with private insurers .
“ At some point , we ’ll have something to say about it , ” Rossiter said .
It ’s strange to think of Wal - Mart as one of the good guys in the healthcare debate .
But the company is to be commended for taking a leadership position in advocating change -- something far too many businesses have been reluctant to do .
Question its motive all you like .
The only thing that counts is where we end up .
Advertisement
--
David Lazarus ’ column runs Wednesdays and Sundays .
Send your tips or feedback to david.lazarus@latimes.com .
--
Advertisement
latimes.com/lazarus/wal-mart
Poll
Do you believe Wal - Mart
sincerely wants to reform the healthcare system ?
OTTAWA–With less than a month to the royal visit by Prince Charles and Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , Canada finds itself embroiled in a protocol flap in which Prime Minister Stephen Harper has scolded Governor General Michaëlle Jean .
It all has to do with Jean referring to herself as Canada 's head of state instead of the Queen 's representative .
Besides touching off a firestorm among monarchists and constitutional experts , the Prime Minister 's Office weighed in .
" Queen Elizabeth II is Queen of Canada and head of state and the governor general represents the Crown in Canada , " Harper spokesman Dimitri Soudas told the Toronto Star on Friday , adding " we 're fortunate to have a governor general that works hard for Canada . "
The royal visit is Nov. 2 to 12 .
In a speech this week to an executive meeting of the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) in Paris , Jean , governor general since 2005 , twice referred to herself as the head of state for Canada .
" I , a francophone from the Americas , born in Haiti , who carries in her the history of the slave trade and the emancipation of blacks , at once Québécoise and Canadian , and today before you , Canada 's head of state , proudly represent the promises and possibilities of that ideal of society , " she said .
" Everywhere that I have travelled as head of state ... I have met truly remarkable young people , " she went on to say .
The Monarchist League of Canada was not amused .
" It is an attempt to elevate the office into something it is not and never was intended to be and all at the expense of the Queen , " said league chair Robert Finch .
" The evidence is overwhelming that the governor general is not the head of state ... you do n't have to be a constitutional scholar or a legal expert to grasp that concept . "
Marthe Blouin , an aide to the Governor General , said it is not the first time Jean has used that term .
" She does ... mostly when she 's abroad ... and for your information she is not the first governor general to use the term , " she said , referring to Adrienne Clarkson and the late Roméo LeBlanc .
Jean 's office argues the title is spelled out in a 1947 agreement – the letters patent of King George VI , the Queen 's father , which " transferred all of the duties of Head of State of Canada to the Governor General . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" As the representative of the Crown in Canada she carries out the duties of head of state and therefore is de facto head of state ... but the Governor General knows very well that the head of state is the Queen , " Blouin said .
Said Finch : " Nowhere in the ( 1947 ) document does it state or remotely imply that the governor general is now the head of state . "
The following tables include all surnames with over 0.001 % frequency in the US population during the 1990 census .
The table below includes the 1000 most common last names in America .
Source : U.S. Census Bureau , Population Division , Population Analysis & Evaluation StaffRank : 1 - 1000
No one ever went broke underestimating political cynicism , but these days even we can't keep up :
On Wednesday , President Obama announced that he wants to send every American senior a $ 250 check .
" Even as we seek to bring about recovery , we must act on behalf of those hardest hit by this recession , " Mr. Obama said .
Of course it 's a mere coincidence that these checks are being proposed , and probably passed , just as Congress is about to vote on health care .
Supposedly ...
St Michael 's clock has been wound manually since it was installed in 1793 A church clock which has been wound manually since 1793 may have to be modified at a cost of £ 5,500 - because climbing an 8ft ladder is " dangerous " .
The clock in the tower at St Michael 's Church in Helston , Cornwall , is wound by a warden who climbs up the ladder .
But the church has been told by the Health and Safety Executive ( HSE ) that the job could be too dangerous .
The Diocese of Truro said organisations had started pledging money for an automatic clock winder .
The clock is currently wound up manually three times a week .
If an insurance company ... decides to warn churches that they can't going shinning up ladders any longer , the HSE will be very quick to step in
Jeremy Dowling
Diocese of Truro
But the role faces coming to an end because of advice the Truro Diocesan Guild of Ringers has received from the ( HSE ) about unsupported ladders .
Although the HSE said it was just advice and it was down to local authorities to enforce health and safety in churches , diocese spokesman Jeremy Dowling said the advice meant churches had to reconsider their position .
He said : " All the HSE stuff that comes out is headed ' guidance notes ' .
" But if you send guidance notes to an insurance company , and that company reads these things and decides to warn churches that they can't go shinning up ladders any longer , the HSE will be very quick to step in and prosecute corporate bodies if they have n't taken care of their employees or their volunteers .
" From that point of view , once a warning has been issued , the church can hardly ignore it . "
Mr Dowling said it would cost between £ 4,000 and £ 5,500 to install such an automatic clock winder .
He said that local companies and councils had contacted St Michael 's directly and had so far pledged £ 650 towards it .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If your browser - of - choice is Google Chrome or Opera , do n't expect much love from Microsoft 's upcoming Office Web Apps , scheduled to appear along with Office 2010 next year .
Last October , when Redmond announced its upcoming suite of browser - based competition to Google Docs and Spreadsheets et al. , it said that Office Web Apps would " be compatible with familiar web browsers . "
Apparently , Microsoft is n't familiar with Google Chrome or Opera , or , for that matter , Internet Explorer 6 or the Windows version of Apple 's Safari .
They 're not on the official list of supported browsers included in a recent blog posting by the Office Web Apps Team - a posting , ironically enough , entitled " The Office Web Apps Love Your Browser . "
Official support for the Office Web Apps limits that love to Internet Explorer 7 and 8 ; Firefox 3.5 on Windows , Mac , and Linux ; and Safari 4 on Mac .
And that 's it .
The posting goes on to say that " If you prefer to use another browser you should still give the Web Apps a try .
While we cannot officially support all browsers , customers will not be blocked from using them .
It is a goal of the Web Apps to have broad compatibility and reach . "
In response to a disappointed Opera user 's posting in the blog 's comments , Team member Gareth Howell said that he was " sorry that we did n't get your favorite browser into the officially supported list this time , " but he added , " Once the Web Apps release we 'll investigate expanding our supported browser matrix .
Give it a try in Opera and let us know if you see issues . "
NetApplications ' most recent figures for worldwide browser marketshare , from July of this year , cites the leading browser to be IE 6 , with a share of 27.21 per cent .
IE 7 slots in right behind , with 23.09 per cent , followed by Firefox 3.0 with 16.21 , IE 8 with 12.46 , Firefox 3.5 with 4.54 , Chrome 2.0 with 2.37 ( 3.0 is at 0.13 ) , and Safari 4.0 with 2.22 .
Opera clocks in below IE 8 running in compatibility mode ( 2.12 ) at 1.73 per cent .
NetApplications 's figures are always to be taken with a healthy dollop of skepticism , but according to their calculations , Office Web Apps will be supported on a bit over 40 per cent of the world 's browsers .
Adding Chrome and Opera would boost that total by less than four per cent .
It 's admittedly quite tempting to speculate that Chrome was left out because of the online - app rivalry between Microsoft and Google - not to mention Google 's recently announced Chrome OS - and that Opera is being snubbed because of all the trouble that company has given Microsoft in the EU .
However , it 's more likely that the numbers simply do n't justify the effort required .
Apple 's Safari has low worldwide numbers as wel , but it's far more prevalent in the US than in enormous emerging markets such as India and China , and Microsoft may simply be taking care of its Yankee homies .
Plus , Redmond and Cupertino have had a long - standing " you scratch my back , I 'll scratch yours " relationship .
If Microsoft were only seeking numbers in its browser support for Office Web Apps , it would manage to somehow make those lightweight Office apps bulletproof on IE 6 .
Fortunately , however , Redmond is smart enough not to support it on that doddering , porous browser .
If anything , lack of IE 6 support might nudge recalcitrant corporations and individuals to replace that legacy laggard with the much more secure IE 7 or 8 - which Microsoft would clearly prefer to moving those IE 6ers to Chrome or Opera . ®
Celebrities that found success despite looking like a camel .
Being successful and famous is hard work , especially if you look like a camel .
Berlin's Baby Panic Fewer Germans in the Future ?
Recently released statistics suggest Germany has the lowest birth rate of all the European Union -- a figure that is dropping .
With fears a shrinking population will equate to a shriveled economy , it 's little wonder the country 's family affairs minister is disputing the figures .
Another brand new episode of TorrentFreak TV .
This week ’s episode covers BREIN 's false evidence against The Pirate Bay , Kazaa 's creators working on new project , MySpace not allowing a copyright owner upload his own song , VODO the new P2P distribution platform and we review a few VPN services .
TorrentFreak TV covers some of the best , most interesting or remarkable stories from the wonderful world of file - sharing .
An HD version of this episode is available on Mininova .
As always , we ’re looking forward to your commentary .
For questions or suggestions , feel free to contact the crew at [ email protected ]
We encourage contributions from viewers !
An iTunes feed is available here , and a regular RSS feed here .
FORT COLLINS , Colo . 
The parents accused of concocting a publicity stunt by pretending their young son had climbed aboard a homemade helium balloon and was hurtling through the Colorado skies will surrender to the authorities as soon as charges are filed , the lawyer for the father said Monday .
David Lane , a Colorado civil rights and defense lawyer who is representing the father , Richard Heene , said both Mr. Heene and his wife , Mayumi , would plead not guilty and would turn themselves in to avoid further public spectacle .
Mr. Lane contended that placing handcuffs on the Heenes , in the full glare of the news media and for their children to see , would be abusive to the youngsters .
The case became a national sensation last Thursday , when the Heenes frantically reported that their 6 - year - old son , Falcon , had climbed into the silver flying saucer his father built in their backyard here and had drifted into the sky , prompting a wide - scale search .
The child was later said to have been home the whole time .
The Heenes , who had appeared on the show “ Wife Swap , ” have made no secret of their television aspirations .
At a news conference on Sunday , the Larimer County sheriff , Jim Alderden , said the entire series of events had been an elaborate hoax drummed up by the Heenes to gain attention and leverage for a reality TV show .
Jim DeMint , on health care :
I think health care is a privilege , " he said .
" I would n’t call it a right . "
This is the mindset that Obama and the Democratic leadership think they can work with in passing meaningful health care reform .
It 's like negotiating with people who do n't believe elections should determine the winner .
And come to think of it , that 's how the Democrats have been acting since November .
It 's time for them to step up and govern .
The electron density of states on a grain boundary of defects .
The arrows ( pointing in the reader ’s direction ) indicate the direction of the magnetic moments .
Credit : Kees Flipse , Eindhoven University of Technology
Researchers of Eindhoven University of Technology and the Radboud University Nijmegen in The Netherlands show for the first time why ordinary graphite is a permanent magnet at room temperature .
The results are promising for new applications in nanotechnology , such as sensors and detectors .
In particular graphite could be a promising candidate for a biosensor material .
The results will appear online on 4 October in Nature Physics .
Graphite is a well - known lubricant and forms the basis for pencils .
It is a layered compound with a weak interlayer interaction between the individual carbon ( graphene ) sheets .
Hence , this makes graphite a good lubricant .
It is unexpected that graphite is ferromagnetic .
The researchers Jiri Cervenka and Kees Flipse ( Eindhoven University of Technology ) and Mikhail Katsnelson ( Radboud University Nijmegen ) demonstrated direct evidence for ferromagnetic order and explain the underlying mechanism .
In graphite well ordered areas of carbon atoms are separated by 2 nanometer wide boundaries of defects .
The electrons in the defect regions ( the red / yellow area in picture 1 ) behave differently compared to the ordered areas ( blue in picture 1 ) , showing similarities with the electron behaviour of ferromagnetic materials like iron and cobalt .
This is a two - dimensional plane of magnetically coupled grains of defects .
Credit : Kees Flipse , Eindhoven University of Technology
The researchers found that the grain boundary regions in the individual carbon sheets are magnetically coupled , forming 2 - dimensional networks ( picture 2 ) .
This interlayer coupling was found to explain the permanent magnetic behaviour of graphite .
The researchers also show experimental evidence for excluding magnetic impurities to be the origin of ferromagnetism , ending ten years of debate .
Surprisingly , a material containing only carbon atoms can be a weak ferro magnet .
This opens new routes for spintronics in carbon - based materials .
Spins can travel over relative long distances without spin - flip scattering and they can be flipped by small magnetic fields .
Both are important for applications in spintronics .
Carbon is biocompatible and the explored magnetic behaviour is therefore particularly promising for the development of biosensors .
More information :
The paper in Nature Physics " Room - temperature ferromagnetism in graphite driven by 2D networks of point defects " by Jiri Cervenka , Mikhail Katsnelson and Kees Flipse will appear online Sunday 4 October .
The paper can be found under DOI 10.1038 / NPHYS1399
Source : Eindhoven University of Technology
Explore further Research paves way for new composite materials
When a kettle needs to be ‘ descaled ’ , that means that there ’s been a buildup of minerals ( called ‘ lime ’ ) inside the kettle that not only
looks bad but also makes the kettle take longer to boil and wastes electricity in the process because the lime build - up prevents the heating element inside the kettle from conducting heat to the water properly .
If you do n’t descale it then the element will eventually burn out , and then you ’ll end up having to throw away what would have been
a perfectly good kettle had you taken proper care of it and go out and spend money on a new one .
You do n’t want that , do you ?
Of course not , nobody wants that , not even George Bush wants that .
When you descale your kettle , you can use vinegar or citric acid , I recommend vinegar because it not only works better but it ’s much easier than juicing a couple of lemons .
If you ’re using vinegar , mix it with some water in a roughly 50/50 ratio .
As an added tip , you can also use this method to get rid of lime in your bathtub–just mix half water and half vinegar , leave it overnight , then pull the plug to let it drain the next morning .
Here ’s an excellent video that shows you precisely what to do :
There have been hints , rumours , perhaps even ancient prophecies – but now we know it for sure .
Revolution Software ’s Charles Cecil , main man on the Broken Sword games and owner of John Walker ’s immortal soul , is once again working with Watchmen artist Dave Gibbons on a new game .
Years and years and years and years ago , they joined forces for the near - legendary pointer - clickerer Beneath A Steel Sky ( which you can get for free here ) .
Annoyingly , Cecil would n’t say what it was as part of this rather exciting confession .
“ We have a number of ideas for premises and we honestly have n’t decided which road we ’re going to go down .
But I love writing and playing adventure games and that is what I ’m going to stick to “ , he told Eurogamer yesterday .
DO YOU THINK IT COULD BE AN ADVENTURE GAME ?
WASHINGTON 
The roiling debate over health care this summer has included a host of accusations from opponents of the plan that have been so specious that many in the mainstream news media have flatly labeled them false .
Far from embracing the attacks , many leading conservative health care policy experts said in recent interviews that the dynamic was precluding a more robust real - world debate while making it nearly impossible for them to inject their studied , free - market solutions into the discussions .
And they said the focus on what they consider misleading or secondary issues was getting in the way of real questions about the plan they believed worthy of consideration .
“ There are serious questions that are associated with policy aspects of the health care reform bills that we ’re seeing , ” said Gail Wilensky , a veteran health care expert who oversaw the federal Medicare and Medicaid programs for the first President George Bush and advised Senator John McCain in his presidential campaign last year .
Mixing Open Source communities and corporate boardrooms is a lot like mixing nitroglycerin — done properly , it produces unmeasurable good , but make a wrong move and the results wo n't be pretty .
Some companies , like Red Hat , are adept at successfully marrying the two , while other companies seem to spend more time than they should diving for the nearest bunker .
We here at the news - desk are fans of the near - omnipresent search giant that is Google , and we do n't mind saying so .
However , though we do n't play much poker , we know a spade when we see one , and we 're not afraid to call it when we do .
One such spade comes in the form of events that played out over the past few weeks with regard to the company 's Open Source darling , Android .
Android has been an amazing success for Google , with a whole cadre of phones boasting it inside , and even the rocketing netbook market getting in on the game .
The platform has not been without its faults , however , both with the software itself and perhaps more serious , with the company behind it .
Google 's first major Android faux pas to come to light turned up last July , while the $ 10,000,000 Android Challenge was underway .
In a move pulled straight from a sitcom script , Developer Advocate David McLaughlin accidentally alerted the world that the company was holding out on the community , providing up - to - date software development kits to contest participants while leaving Open Source developers in the lurch .
That revelation alone was enough to raise torches and pitchforks on the horizon , but that was n't all .
Google did n't just fail to hand out the goods to everyone in the class — they called in the gLaw team to have a go at it , using Non-Disclosure Agreements to keep the kits under wraps .
As anyone who has been involved with the Open Source community for more than a few minutes can attest , legal teams are n't particularly popular .
Those carting silencers , like NDAs , may find themselves tarred and feathered .
Silencer is a good term for it , as silence was Google 's only response , including when two hundred developers petitioned for answers .
The company — or at least , one of its minions — eventually spoke , but by all appearances not before consulting anyone with any knowledge of the Open Source world .
The twenty - six word response read :
We appreciate the enthusiasm of our developers and we 're excited that you 're so passionate about the Android platform .
Thanks for taking the time to send this .
To their credit , the company was smart enough to release an updated development kit shortly thereafter , along with plans for the future .
The past several weeks , however , would suggest that a lesson was not among the things Google took away from the incident .
Enter Cyanogen — Steve Kondik — the developer behind an optimized Android fork known as CyanogenMod .
CyanogenMod is built to offer rock - solid reliability and high performance — it also included several of Google 's Android applications , including Google Talk , YouTube , and Gmail , among others .
We say " included " because it does n't any longer , thanks to another appearance from gLaw .
What did the besuited and briefcased bearers of the big stick want with Mr. Kondik ?
Why , to serve him with a Cease and Desist Order , of course .
If those bearing Non-Disclosure Agreements are likely to be tarred and feathered , anyone caught serving a Cease and Desist Order in the Open Source world should prepare to be bound , coated in honey , and left in the general vicinity of a colony of angry fire ants .
Suffice it to say , they will not be popular , and Google 's Gucci - clad goons are no exception .
CyanogenMod found itself on the wrong end of Google 's heavy hand because , though Android is Open Source , the Google applications in question are not .
There are ten thousand arguments to be made over the evils of closed - source applications , but what we can't dispute is that the apps in question were not free for use , and Google had legal grounds for preventing their distribution .
Few of us would argue against protecting the proper use of one 's software , open or closed — after all , that 's the whole point behind software licensing .
( For example , enforcing the requirement to distribute source code when the license requires it . )
The Software Freedom Law Center keeps itself busy doing just that , and have had impressive success at forcing even the largest companies to play by the rules .
So then , what raises the reminders to " Do n't Be Evil " ?
While we can't dispute that the grounds were there , or the virtue of doing so , the way one goes about protecting one 's software is key , especially when the " one " in question is a multi-billion dollar corporation .
The evil at hand is n't open vs. closed , nor is it legal distribution — the evil here is delivering messages by tank , and in the process cutting off your nose to spite your face .
When someone is dedicated enough to " your " Open Source software to want make it better , and to do it freely for the benefit of the people you 're supposed to be so committed to providing benefits to , use a little discretion .
While you 're at it , do it before you have to offer half - hearted exhortations on your love for Open Source .
Tap the person on the shoulder and say " Hey , do you know you really should n't be distributing those ? "
Take ten minutes to figure out that leading with lawyers is both overkill and one of the worst sins you can commit in this community .
If you 're going to claim a commitment to openness , try to learn how it works , and think a little before sending a street gang to beat down people who , if anything , are a bit too enthusiastic about being open .
Above all , get a clue .
That 's not how this team plays .
A report of a person with an assault weapon walking near Bungie Studios sent a team of police swarming to the Kirkland , Washington studio yesterday afternoon .
Advertisement
The incident turned out to be a misunderstanding and a surprise interruption of what was supposed to be a less eventful visit by your deputy editor to play some Halo 3 : ODST .
The person who had thought they 'd seen a gunman in the neighborhood had actually seen a Bungie employee carrying a replica
Halo rifle back to the studio's offices , Bungie community director Brian Jarrard told me .
Recognizing there was no longer an emergency , officers advised Bungie officials to transport the gun more discretely in the future .
Advertisement
Kirkland police , contacted today for more details , said a passerby on their way to the local farmer 's market called 911 saying that they thought they saw someone walking down the street with an AK - 47 about 4:20 p.m .
Five officers were dispatched to the area to investigate , but were able to figure out what had happened within about ten minutes .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I 'd come to Seattle a couple of days early , in advance of the kick - off of the 2009 Penny Arcade Expo .
Brian Jarrard , community director at Bungie was going to let me play some Halo 3 : ODST .
He gave me a tour of the studio's impressive lobby , let me stand briefly in the main development area of the offices , which used to be a high - ceiling supermarket .
Halo : Reach is now being made in that large room .
For the bulk of my afternoon visit , Jarrard had me set up in a conference room located just outside the lobby of the studio .
And as I was playing the police incident occurred .
Some time after 4 pm , someone opened the door to the conference room and peeked in .
Before the door shut , I saw a police officer in the lobby .
The cops had descended upon the studio .
Advertisement
I caught no more than that glimpse of the one police officer , a woman in a dark uniform , walking through the lobby .
I could tell something serious was going down , that the cops were n't just there to check out Halo .
Several police cars responded to the call , closing in on the parking lot adjacent to Bungie 's offices .
Advertisement
What the witness had seen however , was not a real gun but a prop Halo gun .
It was a replica of the sniper rifle used in the series by the UNSC forces , built for the live - action video shorts directed by District 9 filmmaker Neill Blomkamp a couple of years ago .
Someone from Bungie was transporting the replica gun back to the offices when they were mistaken for a neighborhood threat .
The police were n't allowing people into the lobby , ordering Bungie developers to stay in their big development room .
By the time I was able to get out of the conference room , the police were gone .
They had recommended to Bungie personnel that , next time , the replica would be better carried covered up , so as not to cause alarm .
Advertisement
For one last perspective , here 's me holding the rifle .
Al Azhar bans the Niquab 10 , October 2009
Posted by thegulfblog.com in Egypt Tags : Al Azhar
The Islamic World ’s oldest , most revered and preeminent seat of higher education has banned women from wearing the Niqab , as pictured above , in their dormitories and in women only classrooms .
The Grand Sheikh of Al Azhar Mohammed Sayed Tantawy decided to enforce the ban did as the Niqab is not mandated at all by Islam but is instead only a regional custom .
However , there is also the very real and practical result of this ban that female students now have to show their faces to male security guards .
Such a move is unsurprising in security conscious Egypt .
One one level , the legion of state security organs are ever vigilant in maintaining Mubarak in power .
Keeping a closer eye on their preeminent seat of Islamic learning and preventing it from radicalizing is one aspect of this .
Those wearing the Niqab are thought to be – ipso facto – of a more austere and extreme Islamic persuasion .
This is not so say that they are necessarily extremists : of course they are not ; but those wearing it “ tends [ sic ] to be adopted by the most radical elements ” as Dunn puts it .
Additionally , Egypt ’s vast security apparatus is there to protect Egypt ’s economic lifeline – tourism – from debilitating terrorist attacks such as devastating attacks in 1997 in Luxor and in 2005 - 6 in Shark El Sheikh and in Dahab respectively .
All members of Hitler ’s household who had been identified were held in the Reich Institute for the Blind , on the Oranienstrasse .
One after another they were interrogated by a major known to history only as Bystrov .
Stalin was so desperate for news that a general from the N.K.V.D. , the K.G.B. ’s predecessor , was sent to supervise the interrogations .
He was given a secure line with a scrambler so that he could report back to Moscow after each interview .
Image Credit ... Ruth Gwily
On May 5 , Smersh operatives finally discovered Hitler ’s body along with that of Eva Braun in the chancellery garden ; the two corpses had been doused in gasoline and set on fire by SS aides , in accordance with Hitler ’s orders , and then buried in a shell crater .
The Soviets smuggled the remains to an improvised morgue in Buch , a suburb of Berlin .
Hitler ’s body was too badly burned to be recognizable , so the jaws were removed since they offered the best means of identification .
The assistant to Hitler ’s dentist was tracked down and brought to examine them .
Yelena Rzhevskaya , the interpreter with the Smersh group , later recounted how on the evening of May 8 , when Soviet troops prepared to celebrate the German surrender , she was given a box covered in red satin and told to guard it with her life .
She described it as “ the sort used for cheap jewelry . ”
The box held Hitler ’s jaws .
Rzhevskaya was given it because , as a woman , she was considered less likely to get drunk that night and lose it .
The skull and the jaws are still separate because Smersh hung on to its precious evidence .
The cranium , recovered later , allegedly at the same site , was taken by the N.K.V.D. , and that is why it has been in the State Archive of the Russian Federation since the collapse of the Soviet Union .
The jaws are almost certainly still held in the Lubyanka , the Moscow headquarters of the Russian secret police , along with other prizes retrieved by Smersh from the garden , like Hitler ’s Nazi party badge , which was taken from the body of Magda Goebbels .
Although we have been subjected over the last few months to a barrage of disinformation from the Russians about the start of World War II  including attempts to blame the Poles and the British for its outbreak 
I would tend to believe their version in the case of its ending .
Even if the cranium is not Hitler ’s but some unknown woman ’s , the jaws are almost certainly genuine .
The Russians could end speculation and ridiculous conspiracy theories by allowing an international team to carry out DNA tests on them .
Hi there , guy - who - I - wo n 't - link - to - for - obvious - reasons ,
I 'm Wil Wheaton .
I wrote Just A Geek , and I created the audiobook you 're helping people steal .
You may not know this , but I 'm just one guy , without a publisher , so when you help people steal this copy of Just A Geek by making it available for download , you 're basically stealing directly from me .
You 're not stealing from some big publisher with deep pockets who is trying to rip you off with overpriced stuff ; you are stealing directly from me , an indie artist and publisher who counts on every sale to make a living .
I have to tell you , guy - who - I - wo n 't - link - to - for - obvious - reasons , what you 're doing sucks .
It sucks a lot .
I worked hard on this audiobook .
I invested almost 50 hours into the production , spread out over several weeks .
I priced it under the average market price for audiobooks of its length , and I deliberately did not put DRM on it , because I do n't believe in treating my customers like they are criminals .
I mean , let 's face it , guy - who - I - wo n 't - link - to - for - obvious - reasons , DRM only punishes honest customers , because people like you , who steal from people like me , always find a way around it .
I notice that you have a nice big banner at the top of your webpage , imploring the people who are visiting your site to click on the ads you 've put there , so you can keep the site running .
I also see that you have a link for people to donate money to you .
That 's , um , that 's rather ironic , is n't it ?
You are stealing from me and other authors , and then asking your fellow thieves to click on ads and give you donations , so you can make money from our work .
Maybe it 's just me , but that strikes me as what we would call " a real dick move . "
I realize that I can't stop you from doing what you 're doing .
Even if I went through the hassle of filing DMCA takedown notices and filing complaints with the various authorities who handle this sort of thing , you 'd just open up a new site somewhere else , and start all over again .
But listen , guy - who - I - wo n 't - link - to - for - obvious - reasons , maybe you do n't realize that you 're actually taking money right out of my pocket , and maybe you do n't realize that what you 're doing is no different than walking into a store , putting an audiobook under your jacket , and walking out with it .
You 're stealing from me , guy - who - I - wo n 't - link - to - for - obvious - reasons , and I hope you 'll read this , and stop .
I 'd really appreciate it if you 'd take these links down , and replace them with links to the place where people can purchase it from me , support my work , and ensure that I continue to release audiobooks without DRM or other annoying restrictions .
Thanks for listening ,
Wil Wheaton
Working with XHTML forms can be somewhat daunting ; they not only use some niche HTML elements , but also blur the line between static content and user interaction .
Let 's review some things to remember when creating your next form .
Good HTML forms require attention on at least four points :
Semantics Accessibility Functionality Design
Forms can be difficult and sometimes even annoying for users ;
often , a form interrupts a user 's main focus and direction on a page :
they 're intent on purchasing that gift , or trying out your new web app ,
not giving you their shipping address or coming up with yet another password .
These tips will make forms easier for you as a developer / designer , and
them as a user .
Semantics
1 : Use fieldsets to encapsulate similar fields
Generally , forms are made up of inputs inside form tags .
When you 've
got a lot of fields that the user must fill out , it can be easier for
both the user and you , the developer , to keep track of input by using
fieldsets .
The perennial example of this is using fieldsets to separate
a billing address and a shipping address .
2 : Label Fieldsets with Legends
It hardly makes sense to use a fieldset without giving it a clear name .
We can improve the code above by using the legend element to title our
fieldsets .
The fieldset element has a border by default , and the legend
will lay itself over that border .
This results in the following :
3 : Name your Inputs
If you want to pass form data to a script , each input element needs
to have a name ; if you are using PHP , these names will become the keys
to a super global array , usually $ _POST or $ _GET .
4 : Use the Label Element
Let 's continue improving that code ; there 's nothing inherently wrong
with using a span to label the inputs , but the label tag is a born match for inputs .
5 : Give Labels the For Attribute
I really like the ' for ' attribute ; it provides a way to bind a label to an
input .
The value of ' for ' should be the same as the id of the input you want
to bind it to .
At first , this is one of those things that only seem to affect your
code 's quality , but they do a special job in the visible content : when
the for attribute is defined , the label becomes a ' clickable ' area that will
focus the input .
For example , clicking the label of a text input will focus
your cursor in the box ; clicking the label of a checkbox will check ( or uncheck )
the box .
6 : Use optgroup to categorize options
If you have a lot of options in a select , it 's usually better to group
them into optgroups .
< optgroup > is a little - known element that will indent
options and give them a title .
Note that the label attribute is required .
This gives us the following results :
7 : Always assign complete attributes
When working with forms particularly , it 's tempting to write like this :
Yes , this does what it 's supposed to do .
No , you should n't code like this !
It is n't standards - compliant .
Whenever you are adding attributes to an element ,
do n't cut corners .
8 : Consider using Buttons instead of Submit Inputs
Generally , < input type =" submit " /> has been the universal submit
button .
But HTML has a < button > element .
Why would you use it ?
Well , it's
generally easier to style buttons ; also , you can put images within a button ,
so it really offers more flexibility .
You can read more in
these
two articles .
Accessibility
9 : Put tabindices on your inputs
It 's definitely easier to tab through a form than it is to use your mouse . . .
however , by default , your user will tab through in the order they are written in
the HTML .
If this is n't the order you want them to go through the inputs , you can
easily add the tabindex property to your inputs ; tabindex takes a number value , and will
hop to the input with the next highest value when you hit that tab key .
10 : Define accesskey when appropriate
The accesskey attribute creates a keyboard shortcut that will focus that
input : the shortcut is Alt ( Option ) + the accesskey value .
Obviously , you would n't
put an accesskey on every input , but it would certainly be useful on , for example , a search box .
Do n't forget to let users know about the shortcut ; often this is done by underlining
the letter , as it's usually part of the label .
11 : Use good focusing techniques
You could argue that this point is as much on the side of design as it is accessibility .
It 's always nice if a form field ( usually a text box , in this case ) changes colour when it 's focused , but for the visually
impaired , it 's almost a requirement if they are to use the form successfully .
To this end , you can use the hover psuedoclass in your CSS ; this will work in all
common browsers except IE7 and down .
You can also use JavaScript for this ;
j Query has a hover
event .
12 : Consider people using Screen Readers
Since forms have the tendency to be so tedious , everyone likes a well - designed form .
But do n't let a fancy form ignore screen readers : always make sure your inputs are
clearly labeled .
If you do n't want those labels to show ( maybe you are labeling text
inputs with values that disappear on focus ) , you can remove them from the visual presentation
( do n't use display : none , though ;
there are better ways ) .
Also , screen readers generally associate the text directly
before an input to be the label for the input .
The exceptions to this are radio
buttons and checkboxes .
Functionality
13 : Use the right Content Type
In most cases you wo n't need to put the enctype attribute on your form
tag ; it will default to " application/x-www-form-urlencoded . "
However ,
when you have a file input , which will allow the user to upload the file ,
you need to use " multipart/form-data . "
14 : Know when to use Get and when to use Post
A form can send its data by two methods : get and post ; you define
one in the method attribute on the form tag .
What 's the difference ,
and when should you use them ?
Ignoring what goes on at the server ,
the main difference is the way the browser sends the information .
With get , the form data is send as a query , visible in the url .
So
this form . . .
. . . would result in this URL when submitted : http://www.example.com/you.php?fname=Bill&lname=Gates
When you use post , the data is sent in the HTTP request header .
That way , it 's not visible to the average user .
So which should you
use when ?
Post is better for sensitive data ( like passwords ) and any
data that will generally change something ( e.g. add a record to
the database ) .
Also , post is your only option if you 're uploading
a file .
Get is great for querying the database , and other requests
that do n't have a lasting affect on anything ( " idempotent " the spec
calls it ) .
Really , I 've just scratched the surface on the differences
here : there are other
articles that go into this in - depth .
15 : Validate on both the Client and Server
Validation is the bane of forms .
But it 's best to check the input both on
the client and on the server ; validating in the browser allows you to warn
the user of mistakes before they submit the form , which requires one less
transaction with the server .
However , always be sure to validate on the server
as well , for security 's sake .
16 : Give your Users Smart Warnings
This goes hand in hand with the previous best practice .
Too many times I've
submitted a form only to be told " Fields were not filled correctly . "
Can you spell
vague ?
Once you 've determined that your user has made a mistake , let them know as
soon and as clearly as possible .
Put your error messages close to the bad field ,
and let your user know what 's wrong with their entry .
I like using the jQuery 's blur ( )
event for this : as soon a user hops to the next box , the previous one is validated .
17 : Consider using AJAX to submit
Many times , submiting a form results in a simple message : " Thank you , " " Check your
email for confirmation , " or " We 'll get back to you when we can . "
When that 's the case ,
what better place to use AJAX ?
You could just fade out the form , send the data with
j Query or ( YOUR FAVOURITE LIBRARY ) , and fade in your message .
18 : Make sure your form works without Javascript
Maybe this should have gone under accessibility ; although the last couple of tips need
JavaScript to work at all , make sure your form is completely functional without them .
This means a regular
form submit , server - side validation , and good errors after a page reload .
Design
19 : Style Forms Consistently
I 'm no designer , and I do n't pretend to be , but I do know this much : do n't fling your
form fields carelessly around .
Your form should be consistent in its styling .
Decide whether
your labels will be to the left or right ( or perhaps above or below ) of the fields , and stick
with it .
Make all your text inputs and textareas the same width .
Space all your fields equally .
Keep at least one edge of all boxes aligned .
The tuts + comment forms are great examples of well - styled forms .
20 : Consider using JavaScript to Consistently Style Forms over Different Platforms
With upteen browsers / operating system combinations , form element consistency is hardly
possible . . . without the help of a bit of JavaScript .
If you want your forms
to look the same on almost every browser , check out the
jqTransform jQuery plugin ,
a plugin aimed directly at this compatibility problem .
Simply include it , call it , and adjust the included css file
to your taste ; it works with IE6 + , Safari 2+ , Firefox 2 + , and Chrome .
21 : Be inspired by others
If you 're having trouble coming up with that unique form design for your site , go for a
little inspiration !
Smashing Magazine has a
great roundup of forms ,
and Smileycat 's " Elements of Design " Gallery has a bunch of
Blog Comment Forms worth checking out .
Conclusion
22 : Look forward to HTML 5 Forms
HTML 5 has some great features for web forms .
Two of the most exciting ones are new types
for inputs ( like url , email , and date ) and the datalist element , which can be used for easy
autocomplete .
When these and other parts of the spec get implemented , dynamic forms will be
much easier !
Website forms can be challenging , but I hope these tips will help you make your forms stand
out from the rest .
Have a good tip that I did n't mention ?
Let 's hear it in the comments !
You Also Might Like
Follow us on Twitter , or subscribe to the Nettuts + RSS Feed for more daily web development tuts and articles .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/24/2009
Yes on 1's biggest donor :
An examination ( Vol. 13 )
by Jeremy Hooper
A " grassfire [ that ] would spread across America ! "
That is the way that former U.S. Senator Rick " man on dog sex " Santorum reduced and condemned same - sex unions in a recent pitch letter that he penned for the National Organization For Marriage :
The Return of NOM : The Gathering Grassfire [ LawDork ]
So why should we ( and you ) care about Rick / NOM 's invocation of flames ?
Well , because gay people are not natural disasters hellbent on destroying patches of wilderness , a fact that the residents of the very green Pine Tree State should understand more than anyone .
Yet that state is exactly where NOM is fanning the flames of costly bias :
$ 1.1 million of the $ 1.4 million raised by Stand for Marriage Maine in October came from a single source : the National Organization for Marriage .
In fact , the Washington , D.C. , organization has bankrolled more than 60 percent of the campaign to ban same - sex marriages in Maine .
Money fueling battle over gay marriage [ Bangor Daily News ]
These folks want our hopes and dreams to go up and flames .
And they do n't care how many one hundred dollar bills they have to use as kindling in order to burn up the part of the Maine constitution that was intended to grant church - separated civil fairness to ALL citizens !
The National Organization For Marriage :
This group is extremist .
This group is unfair .
This group is hellbent on destroying anything that gets in the way along their narrow path .
At this point , this group ( coupled with the Catholic church , to which NOM is strongly tied ) essentially is Stand For Marriage Maine ( the group pushing the ' Yes on 1 ' side ) .
We have one week to defeat this group .
What will you do to help ?
NO ON 1
****
*EARLIER :
Yes on 1's biggest donor :
An examination ( Vol. 1 ) [ G - A - Y ]
Yes on 1's biggest donor :
An examination ( Vol. 2 ) [ G - A - Y ]
Yes on 1's biggest donor :
An examination ( Vol. 3 ) [ G - A - Y ]
Yes on 1's biggest donor :
An examination ( Vol. 4 ) [ G - A - Y ]
Yes on 1's biggest donor :
An examination ( Vol. 5 ) [ G - A - Y ]
Yes on 1's biggest donor :
An examination ( Vol. 6 ) [ G - A - Y ]
Yes on 1's biggest donor :
An examination ( Vol. 7 ) [ G - A - Y ]
Yes on 1's biggest donor :
An examination ( Vol. 8 ) [ G - A - Y ]
Yes on 1's biggest donor :
An examination ( Vol. 9 ) [ G - A - Y ]
Yes on 1's biggest donor : An examination ( Vol. 10 ) [ G - A - Y ]
Yes on 1's biggest donor :
An examination ( Vol. 11 ) [ G - A - Y ]
Yes on 1's biggest donor :
An examination ( Vol. 12 ) [ G - A - Y ]
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Formtastic : Forms Made Crazy Easy for Rails Developers
Formtastic is a Rails plugin by Justin French that aims to take the headaches out of building forms in Rails views .
To build it , Justin wrote down how he'd like a form creation DSL to look and then worked backwards to building the code necessary to implement that DSL .
The result is a very obvious and straightforward form creation DSL .
Formtastic does n't just make it easy to whip up basic forms , though .
It has some significant advantages over similar plugins :
It 's Rails 2.3 ready
It 's under active development ( the last update was yesterday )
It supports internationalization
It has full spec coverage
It can handle belongs_to , has_many , and has_and_belongs_to_many associations out of the box , rendering multi-selects and radio inputs where necessary !
It does n't screw around with the existing Rails form helpers
Here 's a large form example straight from Formtastic 's documentation ( which is pretty thorough , you 'll be glad to know ) :
<% semantic_form_for @article do | form| %> <% form.inputs : name => " Basic " do %> <%= form.input : title %> <%= form.input : body %> <%= form.input : section %> <%= form.input :publication_state , :as => : radio %> <%= form.input : category %> <%= form.input :allow_comments , : label =>
" Allow commenting on this article " %> <% end %> <% form.inputs : name => " Advanced " do %> <%= form.input : keywords , : required => false , : hint =>
" Example : ruby , rails , forms " %> <%= form.input : extract , : required => false %> <%= form.input : description , : required => false %> <%= form.input :url_title , :required => false %> <% end %> <% form.inputs : name => " Author " , : for => : author do |author_form| %> <%= author_form.input : first_name %> <%= author_form.input :last_name %> <% end %> <% form.buttons do %> <%= form.commit_button %> <% end %> <% end %>
The result is a clean bundle of HTML .
Groovy , right ?
So get reading the documentation and give it a try .
It 's an awesome plugin .
[ ad ]
Codebase is a fast & reliable git , mercurial & subversion hosting service with complete project management built - in - ticketing , milestones , wikis & time tracking - all under one roof .
Click here to try it - free .
Tweet This Post
On Wyoming ’s Wind River Indian Reservation , Winslow Friday is preparing to surrender in his long fight with the federal government .
The seeds of the conflict were planted four years ago when Friday shot a bald eagle out of a tree .
His cousin needed a tail fan for an upcoming Sun Dance , the Northern Arapaho tribe ’s most important religious ceremony , and Friday wanted to help .
So when Friday spotted the bird , he seized his chance .
Charged with killing a bald eagle in violation of federal law , Friday had argued that the law hinders the practice of his religion -- a battle closely watched on the reservation .
Advertisement
“ Some agreed with what he did , some did n’t , ” said tribal spokesman Donovan Antelope .
“ But they all agree with the reason he did it -- for the Sun Dance .
We know he was n’t doing it just to kill an eagle . ”
Now , though , Friday is giving up .
Having exhausted his legal options , he ’s hoping for a plea agreement that will avoid a trial .
“ The attorneys say that [ a trial ] would be a losing battle , ” said Friday , 25 , a former oil field worker studying to be a civil engineer .
Friday ’s case represents the latest and most high - profile fight in a string of battles over how to balance conservation with religious liberty .
A federal official summed up the dilemma .
Advertisement
“ You have a precious commodity .
It ’s precious to Native Americans , but it ’s also precious to the American people .
How do you balance that ?
We ’re trying our best , ” said Bernadette Atencio , who supervises the National Eagle Repository in Commerce City , Colo. , which collects dead eagles and provides them to Indians for religious use .
Once endangered , the bald eagle has rebounded in recent decades but remains under the protection of the federal Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act .
The law provides an exception for Native Americans who want eagles for ceremonies :
They can acquire birds from the repository or may apply for a permit to “ take , ” or kill , an eagle .
But many tribes eschew both options , saying the former can take years and yield unsuitable specimens .
The latter , they say , is a process so obscure that even some federal officers have been unaware of it .
Advertisement
In Wyoming , Friday did n’t pursue either option before he killed the eagle , which carries a maximum penalty of one year in jail and a $ 100,000 fine .
He argued that a repository bird was unacceptable and that his tribe did n’t even know a permit system existed .
In 2006 , a federal judge sided with Friday , dismissing the case .
Prosecutors appealed to the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , saying the permit system was adequate and used regularly by some tribes , such as the Hopi .
Last year , the appellate court ruled in favor of the government and ordered Friday to stand trial .
This year , the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear his appeal , prompting his willingness to negotiate with prosecutors .
Prosecutors declined to comment on Friday ’s case .
( At least one person a year is convicted of killing an eagle , though most are not Native Americans , according to media reports . )
Advertisement
In cases like Friday ’s , the courts generally have held that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service ’s methods -- the repository and permit system -- do not hamper religious practices , said Sarah Krakoff , a University of Colorado law professor .
That ’s a source of frustration for many tribes , said Suzan Shown Harjo , president of the Morning Star Institute in Washington , which advocates for traditional and cultural rights .
“ Restrictions are a way of controlling the religions themselves , ” she said .
Antelope echoed that view : “ People are fed with up with the federal government telling them :
‘ This is what you have to do for your religion .
This is how we feel you should do it . ’ ”
Advertisement
Federal officials said they ’ve tried to make the permit process more accessible .
“ We recognized we were n’t getting the word out very well , and we ’ve made more of an effort , ” said Eliza Savage , a Fish and Wildlife regulatory analyst .
Yet the agency does n’t wish to publicize the process too much .
“ We ’re not in the business of trying to generate interest in the taking of wildlife , ” Savage said .
The agency typically receives two or three applications a year and approves all but those in which the applicants do n’t meet the criteria , such as not belonging to a federally recognized tribe or acknowledging they do n’t “ need ” the bird , Savage said .
Advertisement
Founded in the 1970s , the repository every year receives about 2,000 carcasses of eagles struck by cars , electrocuted or killed by natural causes ; it has a waiting list of 6,000 requests from Native Americans , Atencio said .
Some orders -- such as those for talons or heads -- can be filled quickly , but it can take years to receive a whole bird in good condition .
“ Those are pretty few and far between , ” Atencio said as co-worker Dennis Wiist opened an ice chest shipped from Tennessee .
It contained a frozen eagle whose head was rotted and tail feathers broken , but whose wings seemed usable .
To Friday , the aesthetics are important because the eagle is a gift .
In the Sun Dance , the eagle helps convey prayers to the creator .
Advertisement
“ You would want the gift in nice condition , ” he said .
“ It needs to be clean , not broken up , ripped up . ”
On Wind River , officials stay busy investigating reports of people shooting at eagles , said Robert St. Clair , director of the Shoshone and Arapaho Tribal Fish and Game Department .
But they ’re difficult to catch , he said .
“ By the time we get there , they ’re long gone . ”
In the last year , he ’s found three eagles shot .
Two survived ; one did not .
“ Both of its legs were gone , ” said St. Clair , noting the reservation has its own rules against killing eagles .
“ It ’s blatant disregard for the laws . ”
Advertisement
Native Americans are responsible for far fewer eagle deaths than are utility companies and other Americans , Harjo said .
“ It ’s in the native interest to have more eagles survive , ” she said .
Yet some do search out eagles on their own -- as Friday did -- rather than follow the rules , because they are wary about interacting with a government that once banned the Sun Dance , Harjo said .
“ A lot do n’t want to call attention to themselves , ” she said .
“ They will do what they will do in order to carry out their religious duties . ”
Police in a Phoenix suburb are looking for a father suspected of using his car to run over his daughter because she was becoming too " westernised " and was not living according to their traditional Iraqi values .
US police say 48 - year - old Faleh Hassan Almaleki of Glendale allegedly ran his daughter over on Tuesday at an Arizona Department of Economic Security parking lot in Peoria .
The victim , 20 - year - old Noor Faleh Almaleki of Surprise , remains in hospital with life - threatening injuries .
Loading
A second woman , 43 - year - old Amal Edan Khalaf suffered non-life threatening injuries .
Police say the women are roommates .
AP
Submitted by The Pragmatic Capitalist
There is , perhaps , no greater symbol of the slow decline of the United States , than the money we carry in our wallets .
Of course , the United States is n’t the first nation to suffer similar currency problems .
The parallels between the modern day United States and 19th century Britain are striking .
Great Britain suffered from a similar currency decline as the world ’s most powerful economy began to decay .
The British Pound was the world ’s reserve currency for much of the 19th century until their economic power declined and the world lost faith in their ability to responsibly manage the currency .
Ironically , it was the Seven Years war ( or The French Indian war ) which began this precipitous decline .
The British doubled the national debt as they battled for the colonies and borrowed massively from European bankers .
This borrowing ultimately resulted in higher tariffs / taxes and led to the American Revolution .
Expensive wars and expansionism resulted in massive debts that ultimately sapped the country of their economic prowess .
At the time the United States was a robust , up and coming emerging market that was viewed as the wave of the future ( this sounds all too familiar does n’t it ? ) .
As the power shifted so too did the confidence .
This change in confidence compounded the problems in Britain as investors began to shift their money from Britain to the United States .
The following chart display ’s Britain ’s severe financial problems that resulted from the wars and a failed attempt to print their way out of their problems .
The British Empire ’s reliance on debt and bankers ultimately crushed them .
The British Empire never recovered .
The bankers , however , prospered .
Having the reserve currency comes with a great deal of responsibility .
Over the course of the last 15 years the United States has abused this power with reckless spending , wars abroad and a printing press that just wo n’t quit .
As I mentioned many times during the financial crisis last fall , the dollar as a reserve currency likely saved our skin .
Being the reserve currency made the dollar the obvious safehaven currency .
The world was too dependent on the well - being of the dollar for it to implode .
If it had n’t been the reserve currency we probably would have faced a much more harmful crisis .
But now the world is tired of seeing us abuse this privilege just as they grew tired of Britain ’s abuse of the reserve currency .
There is now a massive change occurring in the international financial markets .
Capital once flowed into the United States because we were the responsible high growth nation .
But Americans grew to take this for granted .
Saving money and balancing check books became unnecessary because there was over $ 2 billion in foreign funds pouring into the United States on a daily basis .
But now , nations are diversifying out of the United States .
Yesterday , Bloomberg reported the massive shift in reserves out of the dollar :
Central banks have been shifting their record reserves into the euro at the expense of the U.S. dollar .
Investors may not follow , with America ’s saving rate and trade balance data back at levels that prevailed when the European currency was unveiled in 1999 .
The CHART OF THE DAY shows the percentage of allocated world currency reserves in dollars has fallen as holdings in euros increased in the past decade , according to quarterly data compiled by the International Monetary Fund .
Also tracked are the U.S. personal - saving rate and trade balance as a percentage of gross domestic product .
A second chart shows the Intercontinental Exchange Inc. ’s Dollar Index setting lows around the times Bear Stearns Cos. collapsed and Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. went bankrupt .
Short - term interest rate differentials favor the euro over the dollar , though only by 0.75 percentage point , the data show .
The dollar ’s position as the world reserve currency has been called into question since reaching an almost three - year high in March .
The currency has been under siege as the Treasury sells a record amount of debt to finance a budget deficit that totaled $ 1.4 trillion in fiscal 2009 ended Sept. 30 .
If foreigners continue to view America as a reckless guardian of the reserve currency they will slowly stop pouring money into the United States .
This will ultimately destroy the great nation we built as the negative feedback loop feeds on itself and the lack of funding inhibits domestic growth while the debts gnaw at the Treasury ’s leg .
The secular damage is most evident in the crashing trade weighted dollar .
Investors cheer the recent rally in stocks despite the fact that the currency in their pockets is down 25 % from its peak while the S&P 500 also remains over 25 % from its peak .
In a recent story I quoted a piece by Ron Paul :
An audit would expose the Fed as a massive fraud perpetrated on this country , enriching a privileged few bankers at the top of our economic food chain , and leaving the rest of us with massively devalued dollars which we are forced to use by law .
An audit would make people realize that , while Bernie Madoff defrauded a lot of investors for a lot of money , the Fed has defrauded every one of us by destroying the value of our money .
An honest and full accounting of how the money system really works in this country would mean there is not much of a chance the American people would stand for it anymore .
He could not be more correct .
The government has grown accustomed to borrowing their way out of their mistakes , but as citizens we need to hold our government accountable for their mistakes .
For too long we have allowed the Federal Reserve to devalue our money as the U.S. government runs up debts they can’t properly manage .
The world is tired of it .
The U.S. citizens should be furious about this .
We should audit the Fed , reduce our dependency on reckless banks , and we should hold our government accountable and force them to do what every responsible American is currently in the process of doing – managing their checkbooks responsibly .
If we do not , I can guarantee you that the America we have grown accustomed to will be a chapter in the Chinese history books .
Scumbag griefers defaced an epilepsy message - board with strobing graphics and redirects to animations that were intended to trigger seizures in people with epilepsy :
RyAnne Fultz , a 33 - year - old woman who suffers from pattern - sensitive epilepsy , says she clicked on a forum post with a legitimate - sounding title on Sunday .
Her browser window resized to fill her screen , which was then taken over by a pattern of squares rapidly flashing in different colors .
Fultz says she " locked up . "
" I do n't fall over and convulse , but it hurts , " says Fultz , an IT worker in Coeur d'Alene , Idaho .
" I was on the phone when it happened , and I could n't move and could n't speak . "
After about 10 seconds , Fultz 's 11 - year - old son came over and drew her gaze away from the computer , then killed the browser process , she says .
" Everyone who logged on , it affected to some extent , whether by causing headaches or seizures , " says Browen Mead , a 24 - year - old epilepsy patient in Maine who says she suffered a daylong migraine after examining several of the offending posts .
She 'd lingered too long on the pages trying to determine who was responsible .
Via Greg Sargent , the progressives in the House — the folks who someone in the White House wants to Sister Souljah — are n’t playing games anymore .
And , they ’re not dealing with Rahm Emanuel .
They ’re going right to the President to tell him their position on the public option :
They wo n’t support a bill without it .
And , they want to tell him to his face :
In a letter delivered to the White House moments ago , the two leaders of the bloc of House progressives bluntly told President Obama that they will not support any health care plan without a public option in it — and demanded a meeting to inform him face to face .
The [ not - yet - released ] letter — the first joint statement from progressives since news emerged that Obama might not address the public option in next week ’s speech — is their sharpest challenge yet to the president , given the extraordinary sensitivity of this political moment .
The letter urges him to mention the public option in his speech .
So , we know Obama has met with the Blue Dogs to discuss health care .
And , he spent an evening in early August with the “ Gang of Six . ”
Both of those groups tend to undermine Obama ’s agenda .
Will he meet with the Congressional Progressive Caucus ?
This is a group that actually shares Obama ’s vision and supports him on the issues .
So , we look forward to hearing about this meeting , when and if it happens .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
More than a thousand fans of the cult musical The Rocky Horror Show have taken part in a bid to break the world record for the largest Time Warp dance .
The organisers said 1,570 people , many dressed in costumes , pelvic - thrusted their way into the record books on Brighton seafront .
Show creator Richard O'Brien and the UK stage cast also took part .
Guinness World Records has yet to confirm whether the attempt has fulfilled its criteria .
The current world record was set by 192 people in Hanley Park , Stoke - on - Trent , Staffordshire , in July 2008 .
The atmosphere was absolutely insane - everyone came dressed in a variety of outfits
Ben Chamberlain
More than 1,000 people took part in an unofficial mass Time Warp dance in Melbourne , Australia , in September 2008 .
Ben Chamberlain , spokesman for the current UK stage production , said : " We absolutely thrashed the official record and beat the Melbourne attempt as well .
" Guinness asked us to do two five - minute dances , so we had a version especially cut to five minutes long .
" Richard O'Brien and the cast of the current touring show led the mass ranks of Rocky Horror fans for two five - minute bursts , with a brief pause for breath in between . "
He added : " The atmosphere was absolutely insane .
Everyone came dressed in a variety of outfits , some had added feather boas and some lipstick , while others were wearing fishnet tights , g- strings and little else , it was astonishing . "
The Time Warp song , which includes dance step instructions as lyrics , has been covered by a number of artists and was a hit in the late 1980s for UK musician Damian .
Alien transvestites The Rocky Horror Show first opened at the Royal Court Theatre in London in 1973 .
It began a six - night run at the Theatre Royal Brighton on 26 October .
The plot revolves around young American couple Brad and Janet who accidentally stumble into a strange world of alien transvestites and overt sexuality .
It was adapted for the cinema as The Rocky Horror Picture Show two years later and has generated an enthusiastic and dedicated following .
Audiences to both the stage and screen versions are encouraged to dress up like the show 's characters .
The mass Time Warp attempt took place at the Old Paddling Pool on the east side of the West Pier at about 1200 GMT and was filmed for the Paul O'Grady show on Channel 4 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An environmental activist planning to take part in the Great Climate Swoop at Ratcliffe - on - Soar coal power station this weekend has been arrested today on suspicion of conspiracy to commit criminal damage , a crime which can carry a maximum sentence of 10 years .
The action by police follows the recent charging , which I blogged about this week , of 25 other activists with conspiracy to commit aggravated trespass .
It also comes after the use of antiterrorist legislation to prevent Chris Kitchen from travelling to Copenhagen , where he had planned to work with activist organisation Climate Justice Action , which is planning demonstrations during UN climate talks in December .
The latest arrest will worry environmental activists , who suspect that police are now casting aside heavy - handed techniques such as the " kettling " used during the Kingsnorth and the G20 protests in favour of a more preventative approach .
This was attempted a couple of years ago , when lawyers applied for an injunction under the Harassment Act to keep Climate Camp away from Heathrow , but the attempt was unsuccessful , and only three individuals were prevented from attending the camp .
However , conspiracy charges might be more successful as a deterrent as they carry the possibility of heavy sentences , and conditions that prevent suspects communicating about the case with friends , family or colleagues .
Lawyer Lydia Dagostino , who has represented activists on similar charges said : " There will be three main purposes to this charge : firstly to pick out the key people involved in the action on Saturday and to get rid of them , secondly to impose heavy bail conditions which will prevent them from communicating with their friends and with other organisers , and thirdly to put people off coming along on Saturday . "
One activist told me she suspected that Climate Camp would now move away from its usual tactic of announcing targets in advance and begin working more covertly like many other direct action groups .
For one thing , sleep is not nearly as vulnerable a state as it appears .
Sleepers are highly sensitive to some sounds , like a baby ’s whine or an unusual thump or voice .
And as Dr. Siegel put it , sleepers are less vulnerable to harm than they would be if they were out on the street late at night .
For another thing , the new paper argues , evidence from other animals strongly suggests that the need for sleep drops sharply during the most important waking hours .
Migrating killer whales are alert and swimming for weeks on end , and seemingly just as alert as when well rested , studies find .
Recent research suggests that the same goes for white - crowned sparrows : they get far less sleep than usual when migrating .
Consider the big brown bat , perhaps the longest - sleeping mammal of them all .
It snoozes 20 hours a day , and spends the other 4 hunting mosquitoes and moths in the dusk and early evening .
“ Increased waking time would seem to be highly maladaptive for this animal , since it would expend energy and be exposed to predatory birds with better vision and better flight abilities , ” Dr. Siegel writes .
In humans , it is well known that sleep quality changes with age , from the long , deep plunges of early childhood to the much lighter , more frequently interrupted five or six hours that many elderly people call a night ’s sleep .
Doctors have long debated whether elderly people are sleep - deprived as a result , or simply need less restful slumber .
In Dr. Siegel ’s view , it ’s a matter of tradeoffs : older people no longer have a child ’s need to grow , which requires deep , long sleep and may have more need and more ability to do things for themselves instead .
In short , when there is hay to be made , animals tend to make it , whether the sun is shining or not .
Depending on the animal , a long period of waking may or may not be followed by a long recovery sleep .
The theory also supports what people already suspect about early birds and night owls : they are most alert when they are naturally most productive .
And they can feel strung out if their work schedule does n’t match .
None of which is to say that good sleep is unnecessary or that serious sleep problems do not exist .
It is and they do .
But the theory does suggest that a stretch of insomnia may not be evidence of a disorder .
If sleep has evolved as the ultimate time manager , then being wired at 2 a .m. may mean there is valuable work to be done .
Time to turn off the “ South Park ” reruns and start doing it .
Tags
The latest data for lending in the eurozone , the United Kingdom , and the United States display a visible weakening .
In the eurozone , the yearly rate of growth of bank lending to the private sector fell to 0.6 % this July from 9.3 % in July last year .
In the United Kingdom , the yearly rate of growth of lending to the private sector fell to 2.2 % in July 2009 from 10.1 % in July 2008 .
In the United States , the rate of growth of lending plunged to minus 3.8 % in August 2009 from a positive figure of 8.6 % in August 2008 .
A weakening in the growth momentum of lending has taken place despite central banks ' massive monetary pumping .
Commercial banks in major economies are finding it more attractive to sit on the newly injected money rather than lend it out .
At the end of July this year , US banks were sitting on $ 729 billion of cash against $ 1.9 billion in July last year .
In the United Kingdom , bank cash reserves jumped from £ 28.6 billion in July last year to £ 161.3 billion at the end of July this year .
In the eurozone , bank reserves climbed to €505 billion in June this year from € 227 billion in June last year before settling at €394 billion in July this year .
Some commentators are of the view that banks ' preference to sit on a growing pile of cash rather than lend it out points to an emerging liquidity trap , which can pose a serious threat to economic growth .
The Origin of the Liquidity - Trap Concept
In the popular framework of thinking , which originates in the writings of John Maynard Keynes , economic activity is presented in terms of a circular flow of money .
Spending by one individual becomes part of the earnings of another individual , and spending by another individual becomes part of the first individual 's earnings .
Recessions , according to Keynes , are a response to the fact that consumers — for some psychological reasons — have decided to cut down on their expenditures and raise their savings .
For instance , if for some reason people have become less confident about the future , they will cut back on their outlays and hoard more money .
So , once an individual spends less , this worsens the situation of some other individual , who in turn also cuts his spending .
Consequently , a vicious circle sets in : the decline in people 's confidence causes them to spend less and to hoard more money , and this lowers economic activity further , thereby causing people to hoard more .
Following this logic , in order to prevent a recession from getting out of hand , the central bank must lift the money supply and aggressively lower interest rates .
Once consumers have more money in their pockets , their confidence will increase , and they will start spending again , thereby reestablishing the circular flow of money , so it is held .
However , Keynes suggested that a situation could emerge when an aggressive lowering of interest rates by the central bank would bring rates to a level from which they could not fall further .
This , according to Keynes , could occur because people might adopt the view that interest rates have bottomed out and that rates will subsequently rise , leading to capital losses on bond holdings .
As a result , peoples ' demand for money would become extremely high , implying that they would hoard money and refuse to spend it no matter how much the central bank tried to expand the money supply .
Keynes wrote ,
There is the possibility , for the reasons discussed above , that , after the rate of interest has fallen to a certain level , liquidity - preference may become virtually absolute in the sense that almost everyone prefers cash to holding a debt which yields so low a rate of interest .
In this event the monetary authority would have lost effective control over the rate of interest .
Keynes suggested that , once a low - interest - rate policy becomes ineffective , authorities should step in and spend .
The spending could be on all sorts of projects — what matters here is that a lot of money must be pumped in order to boost consumers ' confidence .
With a higher level of confidence , consumers would lower their savings and raise their expenditures , thereby reestablishing the circular flow of money .
Observe that Keynesian ideas have been promptly implemented by the governments and central banks of the major economies .
Yet despite all the stimulus packages and the massive money pumping , lending remains depressed .
Bank lending is an important factor in making the central bank 's pumping " effective . "
Popular thinking holds that lending enables the reestablishment of the circular flow of money and eliminates the liquidity trap .
To push major economies away from this trap , some experts suggest that major central banks should consider the recent policy move of the central bank of Sweden .
In July this year , the Swedish Riksbank became the world 's first central bank to introduce negative interest rates on bank deposits held with the central bank , lowering the deposit rate to minus 0.25 % from 0 % in June .
Note that in July last year , the rate stood at 3.75 % .
The idea of negative interest rates is to make it costly for banks to sit on cash reserves .
It is held that banks will be forced to expand their lending , thus helping to reestablish the circular flow of money .
Do Individuals Save Money ?
In the Keynesian framework , the key to prosperity is the ever - expanding monetary flow .
Monetary expenditure drives economic growth .
When people spend more of their money , they save less .
Conversely , when people reduce their monetary spending in the Keynesian framework , they save more .
Observe that in the popular , i.e. , Keynesian , way of thinking , savings is bad news for the economy .
The more people save , the worse things become : the liquidity trap comes on account of too much saving and the lack of spending .
Now , contrary to popular thinking , individuals do n't save money as such .
The chief role of money is that of the medium of exchange .
Also , note that people do n't pay with money but with goods and services they have produced .
For instance , a baker pays for shoes by means of the bread he produced , while the shoemaker pays for the bread by means of the shoes he made .
When the baker exchanges his money for shoes , he has already paid for the shoes , so to speak , with the bread that he produced prior to this exchange .
Again , money is just employed to exchange goods and services .
To suggest then that people could have an unlimited demand for money , which leads to a liquidity trap , implies that no one would be exchanging goods .
Obviously , this is not a realistic proposition , given that people require goods to support their lives and well - beings .
( Note that people demand money not to hold it as such but to employ it in exchange . )
Being the medium of exchange , money can only assist in exchanging the goods of one producer for the goods of another producer .
The state of the demand for money cannot alter the amount of goods produced , i.e. , it cannot alter real economic growth .
Likewise , a change in the supply of money does n't have any power to grow the real economy .
Contrary to popular thinking , we suggest that a liquidity trap does n't emerge in response to consumers ' massive increase in the demand for money but comes as a result of very loose monetary policies that inflict severe damage on the pool of real savings .
The Liquidity Trap and the Shrinking Pool of Real Savings
The essence of lending is real savings and not money as such .
It is real savings that imposes restrictions on banks ' ability to lend .
Money is just the medium of exchange , which facilitates real savings .
As long as the rate of growth of the pool of real savings stays positive , this can continue to sustain productive and nonproductive activities .
Trouble erupts , however , when , on account of loose monetary and fiscal policies , a structure of production emerges that ties up much more consumer goods than it releases .
The excessive consumption relative to the production of consumer goods leads to a decline in the pool of real savings .
This in turn weakens the support for economic activities , resulting in the economy plunging into a slump .
( The shrinking pool of real savings exposes the commonly accepted fallacy that the loose monetary policy of the central bank can grow the economy . )
Needless to say , once the economy falls into a recession on account of a falling pool of real savings , any government or central bank attempts to revive the economy must fail .
Not only will these attempts fail to revive the economy , but they will deplete the pool of real savings , thereby prolonging the economic slump .
Likewise , any policy that will force banks to expand lending out of " thin air " will further damage the pool and further reduce banks ' ability to lend .
Note that without an expanding pool of real savings , any expansion of bank lending is going to lift banks ' nonperforming assets .
The fact that banks are not currently ready to expand lending indicates that they are still in the process of trying to fix their balance sheets .
Also , banks cannot find many viable borrowers , i.e. , wealth generators , which could be another indication that the pool of real savings is in trouble .
Meanwhile , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) data show that US commercial banks ' and savings institutions ' assets remain under pressure .
The value of assets fell by $ 241 billion in the second quarter ( Q2 ) after declining by $ 301 billion in the previous quarter ( Q1 ) .
The growth momentum of assets also displayed a visible fall .
The yearly rate of growth fell to nil in Q2 from 1.3 % in Q1 and 11.6 % in Q1 , 2008 .
In Q2 , commercial banks and savings institutions have reported renewed pressure on their net income .
The banking industry recorded a loss of $ 3.7 billion after having a profit of $ 5.5 billion in Q1 .
Provisions for bad loans have bounced to $ 66.9 billion in Q2 from $ 61.4 billion in Q1 .
We can thus conclude that , contrary to popular thinking , the threat to major world economies is not the so - called liquidity trap , but the government and central bank stimulus policies claimed to counter it .
These policies only further weaken the pool of real savings , thereby undermining prospects for a durable economic recovery and perpetuating the liquidity trap .
Conclusions
So far , massive monetary pumping by central banks has failed to revive the pace of credit expansion in major world economies .
Some commentators have raised the possibility that this points to an emerging " liquidity trap , " which is seen as a major threat to economic growth .
To push economies away from this trap , some experts suggest that major central banks should consider the recent policy move of the central bank of Sweden .
The Swedish central bank has introduced negative interest rates on bank deposits held with the central bank .
It is believed that negative interest rates will force banks to start expanding lending .
This , it is held , is going to revive economic activity in a sustained way .
We suggest that negative interest rates are unlikely to move major economies away from a liquidity trap if the pool of real savings is in trouble .
Contrary to popular thinking , the threat posed to the major economies is not the liquidity trap , but the government and central bank stimulus policies aimed at countering it .
By Michael Barone - September 28 , 2009
" It is my deeply held belief , " Barack Obama told the United Nations General Assembly , that " in the year 2009 -- more than at any point in human history -- the interests of nations and peoples are shared . "
That is , of course , the year Obama became president , and he was n't shy about referring in his second paragraph to " the expectations that accompany my presidency around the world , " though he assured us they " are not about me . "
Before Obama 's speech , I wrote that he seems " stuck in a time warp in which the United States is the bad guy . "
Not any more , he seemed to say in his U.N. speech .
He has ordered the closing of Guantanamo .
He has prohibited the use of torture .
He is " responsibly ending " the war in Iraq ( no triumphalist talk of victory ) .
He is promising substantial reductions in U.S. nuclear weapons .
He has invested $ 80 billion in clean energy .
The U.S .
has joined the United Nations ' Human Rights Council .
All of which is a way of saying that nasty George W. Bush is no longer around with all his self - righteous swagger , and that with ( as Obama did not fail to note ) the first African - American installed in the White House , America is now on the same page with the rest of the world .
Much of the speech seemed to be an exercise in what Sigmund Freud called " projection , " assuming that others think the way you do .
Obama spoke as if the mullahs of Iran , the Kim Jong Il clan of North Korea , Vladimir Putin and his gang of oligarchs , and the rulers of China had the same gripes against the Bush administration as Obama and the liberal Democrats in Congress .
Hey , if we just close Gitmo , they 'll realize that we 're all in sympathy now .
In that spirit , Obama at the General Assembly on Wednesday and while chairing the Security Council on Thursday tread warily on the issue of Iran 's nuclear weapons program .
" This is not about singling out individual nations , " he said Wednesday , before stating that if Iran and North Korea " ignore international standards , " they " must be held " -- in unspecified ways -- " accountable . "
The next day , the Security Council approved a resolution on the subject that did not name either country .
Yet on Friday , information became public that suggested that Obama 's comments on Iran were an example not of Freudian projection but of what psychologists call " cognitive dissonance , " refusing to process facts that conflict with deeply held beliefs .
The information was that Iran has been operating a second uranium enrichment facility near the holy city of Qom and that it had so informed the International Atomic Energy Agency earlier in the week .
In response , Obama , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and French President Nicolas Sarkozy held a press conference Friday morning before the G - 20 summit in Pittsburgh denouncing the Iranians .
" Iran is breaking rules that all nations must follow , " Obama said .
" International law is not an empty promise . "
But the Qom facility was not news to Obama .
Western intelligence has long known about it , and Obama was briefed on it as president - elect .
Even so , there was a sharp contrast between his wary references to Iran on Wednesday and Thursday , and his sharp criticism on Friday .
There were probably good reasons -- protecting intelligence sources ? -- for not disclosing the information before this week .
But should n't the president 's rhetoric on Wednesday and Thursday have reflected all that he knew ?
Obama has based his policy toward Iran on the hope that its leaders would see the problem as he does -- projection -- and was apparently discounting contrary evidence like the Qom facility -- cognitive dissonance .
Perhaps he views himself as , in the words of the Atlantic 's Marc Ambinder , " the first president of the nuclear age who grew up with a nuanced view of American power . "
Unfortunately , it is clear that even in the year 2009 the interests of nations and peoples are not as unanimously shared as Obama proclaimed Wednesday .
Our diplomats and those of five other nations are scheduled to meet with an Iranian counterpart in Geneva on Oct. 1 , but the Iranians have indicated they do n't want to discuss nuclear weapons issues .
At a press briefing before the G - 20 conference , Brown and Sarkozy threatened Iran with stringent international sanctions ; congressional Democrats -- Sen. Evan Bayh and House Foreign Affairs Chairman Howard Berman -- and Sen. Joe Lieberman are pressing for tougher sanctions , too .
Is the time over for nuance , projection and cognitive dissonance ?
We 're not about to roll over for any Democrat who dares to side with the insurance industry against the dire and desperate health care needs of the American people .
If you want to understand why co-ops are an absolute non-starter , I urge you to read this fine diary by BenGoshi , Co-ops : Rife with Corruption , Mismgt , Criminality .
Is support for real reform , an inch deep and a mile wide , or a mile deep with support that spreads across the length and breadth of the nation ?
LET'S SHOW THEM TODAY , SHALL WE !
I'VE BEEN ADVISED BY THE STRATEGISTS , INCLUDING JANE HAMSHER , THAT ALTHOUGH CALLING THE WHITE HOUSE FEELS GOOD , IT'S MUCH MORE IMPORTANT TO FOCUS ON CALLS AND EMAILS TO CONGRESSPEOPLE .
SO PLEASE , PLEASE MAKE YOUR PRIORITY THE LONG LIST OF CONGRESSPEOPLE WHO MUST HOLD THE LINE FOR THE PUBLIC OPTION .
I 'm also going to ask you to call and email the DNC ( Democratic National Committee ) , and tell them , not a fucking nickel , if the public option get tossed under the bus .
DNC Main Phone Number :
202-863-8000
( For questions about contributions , please call 877-336-7200 )
To contact the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , click here .
To contact the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , click here .
So we must act , every single person .
And here 's the push back :
This week we 're going to be pushing back against the " public plan is dead " messaging coming out of the White House by reminding everyone that we have 64 members who have said they will vote against a bill that does n't have a public plan ( combine the 57 members who signed the July 30 letter with the 7 who took our pledge that did n't sign it = 64 ) .
At the suggestion of Donna Edwards and Darcy Burner , we 're going to start congratulating them for standing strong on the public plan and pushing it into their districts .
Again Jane Hamsher , tells all who think they can kill the public option , not so fast , and she does so brilliantly .
Remember these are the members whosigned the July 30th letter to Speaker and said they wont vote for a bill which does not have a public plan .
Call these members , thank them , yes , thank them and and make sure they intend to honor this committment .
First , the members who signed the letter to Speaker Pelosi :
Earl Blumenauer ( D - OR ) - 202-225-4811
Corrine Brown ( D - FL ) - 202-225-0123
Michael Capuano ( D - MA ) - 202-225-5111
André Carson ( D - IN ) - 202-225-4011
Judy Chu ( D - CA ) - 202-225-5467
Yvette Clarke ( D - NY ) - 202-225-6231
William " Lacy " Clay ( D - MO ) - 202-225-2406
John Conyers ( D - MI ) - 202-225-5126
Elijah Cummings ( D - MD ) - 202-225-4741
Bill Delahunt ( D - MA ) - 202-225-3111
Lloyd Doggett ( D - TX ) - 202-225- 4865
Donna Edwards ( D - MD ) - 202-225-8699
Keith Ellison ( D - MN ) - 202-225-4755
Sam Farr ( D - CA ) - 202-225-2861
Chaka Fattah ( D - PA ) - 202-225-4001
Bob Filner ( D - CA ) - 202-225-8045
Marcia Fudge ( D - OH1 ) - 202-225-7032
Raúl Grijalva ( D - AZ ) - 202-225-2435
Luis Gutierrez ( D - IL ) - 202-225-8203
Phil Hare ( D - IL ) - 202-225-5905
Alcee Hastings ( D - FL ) - 202-225-1313
Maurice Hinchey ( D - NY ) - 202-225-6335
Mazie Hirono ( D - HI ) - 202-225-4906
Michael Honda ( D - CA ) - 202-225-2631
Jesse Jackson , Jr. ( D - IL ) - 202-225-3816
Eddie Bernice Johnson ( D - TX ) - 202-225-8885
Hank Johnson ( D - GA ) - 202-225-1605
Marcy Kaptur ( D - OH ) - 202-225-4146
Carolyn Kilpatrick ( D - MI ) - 202-225-2261
Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) - 202-225-5871
Barbara Lee ( D - CA ) - 202-225-2661
Sheila Jackson - Lee ( D - TX ) - 202-225-3816
Eric Massa ( D - NY ) - 202-225-3161
Jim McDermott ( D - WA ) - 202-225-3106
James McGovern ( D - MA ) - 202-225-6101
Gwen Moore ( D - WI ) - 202-225-4572
Jerrold Nadler ( D - NY ) - 202-225-5635
Grace Napolitano ( D - CA ) - 202-225-5256
John Olver ( D - MA ) - 202-225-5335
Bill Pascrell ( D - NJ ) - 202-225-5751
Donald Payne ( D - NJ ) - 202-225-3436
Chellie Pingree ( D - ME ) - 202-225-6116
Laura Richarson ( D - CA ) - 202-225-7924
Lucille Roybal - Allard ( D - CA ) - 202-225-1766
Linda Sánchez ( D - CA ) - 202-225-6676
José Serrano ( D - NY ) - 202-225-4361
Albio Sires ( D - NJ ) - 202-225-7919
Jackie Speier ( D - CA ) - 202-225-3531
Pete Stark ( D - CA ) - 202-225-5065
Bennie Thompson ( D - MS ) - 202-225-5876
John Tierney ( D - MA ) - 202-225-8020
Ed Towns ( D - NY ) - 202-225-5936
Nydia Velazquez ( D - NY ) - 202-225-2361
Maxine Waters ( D - CA ) - 202-225-2201
Diane Watson ( D - CA ) - 202-225-7084
Mel Watt ( D - NC ) - 202-225-1510
Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA ) - 202-225-5161
And these are the members who are credibly onboard with the FDL Pledge : Emanuel Cleaver ( D - MO ) - 202-225-4535
Pete DeFazio ( D - OR ) - 202-225-6416
Lloyd Doggett ( D - TX ) - 202-225- 4865
Donna Edwards ( D - MD ) - 202-225-8699
Keith Ellison ( D - MN ) - 202-225-4755
Bob Filner ( D - CA ) - 202-225-8045
Barney Frank ( D - MA ) - 202-225-5931
Raúl Grijalva ( D - AZ ) - 202-225-2435
Phil Hare ( D - IL ) - 202-225-5905
Rush Holt ( D - NJ ) - 202-225-5801
Carolyn Maloney ( D - NY ) - 202-225-7944
Jerrold Nadler ( D - NY ) - 202-225-5635
Chellie Pingree ( D - ME ) - 202-225-6116
Maxine Waters ( D - CA ) - 202-225-2201
Robert Wexler ( D - FL ) -202-225-3001
Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA ) - 202-225-5161
John Yarmuth ( D - KY ) - 202-225-5401
3.Use the FDL Action Event Tracker Tool and find the town halls near you and please go .
Here is where I will be going , join me !
AND , AS ALWAYS , PLEASE SUPPORT OUR WORK
The catastrophic decline around the world of " apex " predators such as wolves , cougars , lions or sharks has led to a huge increase in smaller " mesopredators " that are causing major economic and ecological disruptions , a new study concludes .
The findings , published today in the journal Bioscience , found that in North America all of the largest terrestrial predators have been in decline during the past 200 years while the ranges of 60 percent of mesopredators have expanded .
The problem is global , growing and severe , scientists say , with few solutions in sight .
An example : in parts of Sub - Saharan Africa , lion and leopard populations have been decimated , allowing a surge in the " mesopredator " population next down the line , baboons .
In some cases children are now being kept home from school to guard family gardens from brazen packs of crop-raiding baboons .
" This issue is very complex , and a lot of the consequences are not known , " said William Ripple , a professor of forest ecosystems and society at Oregon State University .
" But there 's evidence that the explosion of mesopredator populations is very severe and has both ecological and economic repercussions . "
In case after case around the world , the researchers said , primary predators such as wolves , lions or sharks have been dramatically reduced if not eliminated , usually on purpose and sometimes by forces such as habitat disruption , hunting or fishing .
Many times this has been viewed positively by humans , fearful of personal attack , loss of livestock or other concerns .
But the new picture that 's emerging is a range of problems , including ecosystem and economic disruption that may dwarf any problems presented by the original primary predators .
" I 've done a lot of work on wildlife in Africa , and people everywhere are asking some of the same questions , what do we do ? " said Clinton Epps , an assistant professor at OSU who is studying the interactions between humans and wildlife .
" Most important to understand is that these issues are complex , the issue is not as simple as getting rid of wolves or lions and thinking you 've solved some problem .
We have to be more careful about taking what appears to be the easy solution . "
The elimination of wolves is often favored by ranchers , for instance , who fear attacks on their livestock .
However , that has led to a huge surge in the number of coyotes , a " mesopredator " once kept in check by the wolves .
The coyotes attack pronghorn antelope and domestic sheep , and attempts to control them have been hugely expensive , costing hundreds of millions of dollars .
" The economic impacts of mesopredators should be expected to exceed those of apex predators in any scenario in which mesopredators contribute to the same or to new conflict with humans , " the researchers wrote in their report .
" Mesopredators occur at higher densities than apex predators and exhibit greater resiliency to control efforts . "
The problems are not confined to terrestrial ecosystems .
Sharks , for instance , are in serious decline due to overfishing .
In some places that has led to an explosion in the populations of rays , which in turn caused the collapse of a bay scallop fishery and both ecological an economic losses .
Among the findings of the study :
Primary or apex predators can actually benefit prey populations by suppressing smaller predators , and failure to consider this mechanism has triggered collapses of entire ecosystems .
Cascading negative effects of surging mesopredator populations have been documented for birds , sea turtles , lizards , rodents , marsupials , rabbits , fish , scallops , insects and ungulates .
The economic cost of controlling mesopredators may be very high , and sometimes could be accomplished more effectively at less cost by returning apex predators to the ecosystem .
Human intervention cannot easily replace the role of apex predators , in part because the constant fear of predation alters not only populations but behavior of mesopredators .
Large predators are usually carnivores , but mesopredators are often omnivores and can cause significant plant and crop damage .
The effects of exploding mesopredator populations can be found in oceans , rivers , forests and grasslands around the world .
Reversing and preventing mesopredator release is becoming increasingly difficult and expensive as the world 's top predators continue to edge toward obliteration .
" These problems resist simple solutions , " Ripple said .
" I 've read that when Gen. George Armstrong Custer came into the Black Hills in 1874 , he noticed a scarcity of coyotes and the abundance of wolves .
Now the wolves are gone in many places and coyotes are killing thousands of sheep all over the West . "
" We are just barely beginning to appreciate the impact of losing our top predators , " he said .
At OSU , Ripple and colleague Robert Beschta have done extensive research and multiple publications on the effect that loss of predators such as wolves and cougars have on ecosystem disruption , not only by allowing increased numbers of grazing animals such as deer and elk , but also losing the fear of predation that changes the behavior of these animals .
They have documented ecosystem recovery in Yellowstone National Park after wolves were reintroduced there .
[ / caption ]
The best way to study the new - found water on the Moon would be with in - situ instruments .
Since humans wo n’t be making any lunar landings for at least a decade , the next best option is robotic spacecraft .
NASA ’s Marshall Space Flight Center is developing and testing a new robotic lander to explore not only the Moon , but also asteroids and Mars .
This design is definitely next generation : it ’s bigger than any lander yet and MSFC is currently testing the all - important final of reaching the destination : landing .
“ Specifically , what we are doing at Marshall is identifying the terminal – or the final – phase of landing , and designing a robotic lander to meet those needs , ” said Brian Mulac , a test engineer at Marshall , quoted in an article in the Huntsville Times .
“ That last part is the highest risk of setting down on the moon . ”
Of course , parachutes can’t be used for landing on the Moon or asteroids , since neither destination has an atmosphere , so thrusters are key for landing .
Large , oval - shaped tanks on the craft are used to store fuel for thrusters .
Thrusters guide the lander , controlling the vehicle ’s altitude and speed for landing .
An additional thruster on this test vehicle , above , offsets the effect of Earth ’s gravity so that the other thrusters can operate as they would in a lunar environment .
Just in case the tests do n’t go as planned , a huge net is place under the lander to catch the vehicle and avoid damaging it .
As the saying goes , it ’s not the fall that ’s dangerous , but the sudden stop .
Landing on Mars requires a different architecture , such as the Mars Science Laboratory ’s sky - crane , because of the pesky , thin atmosphere on the Red Planet .
Read our previous article with Rob Manning of JPL about the issues of landing large payloads on Mars .
Sources : Huntsville Times , Gizmodo
What could possibly be better than the Tracy Mogan Twitter feed ?
Try : Tracy Morgan reading from his new autobiography , and veering belligerently off script .
Sometimes the audiobook is better than the original work .
This is one of those cases .
It 's one of the ironies of Morgan 's career that he 's found bigger stardom as the star of a parody of Saturday Night Live than he ever did on the real thing .
And in his upcoming book , I Am the New Black , he mentions who treated him like shit , namely then stars Chris Kattan and Cheri Oteri .
Morgan writes , " All I have to say about that is , where 's Chris Kattan now ?
Where 's Cheri Oteri now ?
That bitch can't even get arrested . "
But the grudge apparently runs even deeper , because when Morgan sat down to record the audio version ( in the clip above ) of that passage , he started ad - libbing , expanding on his earlier points : Morgan says he still counts Will Ferrell , Molly Shannon and Colin Quinn as friends , but as for Oteri and Kattan : " Fuck 'em . "
Amazing .
It 's not everyday you hear Tracy Morgan acting like a demanding , slightly unhinged television star who feels underappreciated by his co-workers .
It 's more like every week .
We 're told Mogan will be at the Union Square Barnes & Noble Thursday Oct. 22 at 7 pm if you want to see if he 'll curse more old colleagues .
ABC News in the U.S. occasionally runs a TV show called “ What Would You Do ? ” that puts people in difficult situations to see how they ’ll react .
The host , John Quinones , then approaches the unknowing subjects to let them know that the situation was staged and debrief about why they acted as they did .
It all amounts to a well - done , real - world experiment in social psychology .
The first video clip below features a situation involving a young girl approached by a stranger in a park .
Watch how people nearby react and how the reaction changes , or does n’t , when the nature of the stranger changes .
The second video features a situation involving a guy who wo n’t leave a woman alone at a bar .
( In the first video , by the way , only 12 of 50 people took action — sad commentary . )
Police say the crocodile was fed live rabbits on the terrace
Italian police say they have seized a crocodile they believe was used by a suspected mafia boss to terrorise people into paying protection money .
The reptile was 1.7 m ( 5.5 ft ) long and weighed 40kg ( 88lb ) .
It was found during a weapons search at the man 's home in the southern town of Caserta .
It was kept on the terrace and fed live rabbits in full view of neighbouring homes , police said .
The mafia suspect was charged with illegal animal possession .
The crocodile has been sent to a rehabilitation centre .
Maurizio Vallone , head of Italy 's anti-mafia squad , said the animal had been held in a secure area of the terrace fitted with high - tech video surveillance .
He said the owner of the home was suspected of running several protection rackets in Caserta , where the Camorra branch of the Naples mafia is active .
No weapons were found on the premises , he said .
Some of the biggest high - tech deals never happened .
Some of the most promising products and services never came to be .
Why ?
Because the people and companies involved did n't realize what they were letting slip through their fingers , or they simply could n't foresee what would happen afterward .
Change just a few circumstances , and there might not be an Apple or a Microsoft today .
Yahoo might be the king of the search hill , with Google lagging behind .
You might be reading this on a Xerox - built computer via a CompuServe account while listening to your favorite tunes on a RealPod .
People say hindsight is 20 - 20 .
If so , our vision is acute .
Here are our picks for the biggest missed opportunities in the history of technology .
1. Yahoo Loses Facebook
In 2006 , Facebook was a two - year - old social network that most people thought of as a digital playground for Ivy League brats .
In the world of social networks , MySpace 's 100 million members totally swamped Facebook 's 8 million .
So when Yahoo offered to buy Mark Zuckerberg 's baby for a cool $ 1 billion -- nearly twice what Rupert Murdoch had spent for MySpace in 2005 - - people said , " Take the money and run , Mark . "
In fact , the then - 23 - year - old and Yahoo shook hands on a deal in June 2006 .
Then Yahoo posted some bad financials , and its stock dropped 22 percent overnight .
Yahoo's CEO at the time , Terry Semel , reacted by cutting the purchase offer to $ 800 million .
Zuckerberg balked .
Two months later Semel re-upped the offer to $ 1 billion , but by then it was too late .
Today , Facebook boasts some 250 million registered users and is worth roughly $ 5 to $ 10 billion , depending on who 's counting .
Three years and two CEOs later , Yahoo is still struggling to survive .
2. Real Networks Punts on the iPod
People think Steve Jobs invented the iPod .
He did n't , of course .
Jobs merely said yes to engineer Tony Fadell after the folks at Real Networks rejected Fadell 's idea for a new kind of music player in the fall of 2000 .
( Fadell 's former employer Philips also turned him down . )
By then MP3 players had been around for years , but Fadell 's concept was slightly different : smaller , sleeker , and focused on a content - delivery system that would give music lovers an easy way to fill up their " pods . "
( Jobs is famous for driving the design of the iPod . )
Today that content - delivery system is known as iTunes , and Apple controls some 80 percent of the digital music market .
Fadell worked at , and eventually ran , Apple 's iPod division until November 2008 .
Real Networks is still a player in the streaming - media world , but its revenues are a fraction of what Apple makes from iTunes alone .
( Photo : Courtesy of Apple )
3. Sony and Toshiba Agree to Disagree Over HD
Few format wars have been as costly to their participants as the fight over a new high - definition disc standard .
In one corner stood Blu-ray , championed by Sony .
In the other corner was HD DVD , led largely by Toshiba .
From 2002 onward the two sides wrangled , each signing up allies to support its own competing , incompatible format .
In 2008 Sony slipped the knife into Toshiba by paying one of its biggest backers , Warner Brothers Studios , a reported $ 400 million to drop HD DVD in favor of Blu-ray .
Interestingly the same parties had battled in the mid-1990s over a new high - res format for movies .
Back then they settled their differences , combining the best of both specs into something called Digital Versatile Disc , better known as DVD .
The missed opportunity to come out with a single HD format sacrificed years ' worth of sales for every company involved .
Had the two sides joined forces in 2002 , high - def discs would be the dominant delivery medium for movies and shows now .
Instead , today DVDs still outsell Blu-ray titles by ten to one , and the future belongs to streaming media and video on demand .
4. Digital Research : The Other Microsoft
This one is a classic .
In 1980 , when IBM was looking for somebody to build a disc operating software for its brand - new IBM PC , Microsoft was not its first choice .
In fact , none other than Bill Gates suggested that Big Blue approach Gary Kildall of Digital Research , author of the CP / M operating system .
The legend is that Kildall blew IBM off to go fly his plane .
The real story is that Kildall was flying to deliver a product to another customer , leaving his wife to negotiate with IBM .
Dorothy Kildall did n't like parts of the deal IBM was proposing and sent the executives packing .
Big Blue went back to Gates , who with his partner Paul Allen whipped out MS - DOS , based on Tim Paterson 's QDOS ( the Quick and Dirty Operating System ) , which was itself based on CP / M. IBM ended up offering both Microsoft 's DOS ( for $ 60 ) and a version of CP / M ( $ 240 ) to buyers of the original IBM PC .
The cheaper product won .
Before DOS , Microsoft 's biggest products were versions of the BASIC programming tool .
After DOS , well ... you know the rest .
Would Microsoft have grown into the monolith it is today without the IBM contract ?
We 'll never know .
5. Xerox Goes in an Alto Direction
Here 's another classic tale .
More than a decade before the Macintosh and Windows PCs , before even the MITS Altair , there was the Alto , the world 's first computer with a window - based graphical user interface .
Invented at Xerox PARC , the Alto had a mouse , ethernet networking , and a what - you - see - is - what - you - get ( WYSIWYG ) text processor .
But in 1973 the personal - computer market did n't exist , so Xerox did n't really know what to do with the Alto .
The company manufactured a few thousand units and distributed them to universities .
As legend has it , in 1979 Steve Jobs visited Xerox PARC , saw the Alto , and incorporated many of the Alto 's features into Apple 's Lisa and Mac computers .
Shortly thereafter Xerox finally realized its mistake and began marketing the Xerox Star , a graphical workstation based on technology developed for the Alto .
But it was too little , too late .
Next : Five more blown opportunities , including Napster , CompuServe , and Craigslist .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Controversial conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh has been dropped from a group trying to buy the St. Louis Rams after several black NFL players objected and the league commissioner weighed in against Limbaugh ’s “ divisive comments . ”
Radio show host Rush Limbaugh speaks at a forum in Washington in a file photo .
REUTERS / Micah Walter
“ It has become clear that his ( Limbaugh ’s ) involvement in our group has become a complication and a distraction to our intentions , ” said SPC Worldwide Chairman Dave Checketts , who is leading the bid to buy the National Football League team and keep it in St. Louis .
“ We have decided to move forward without him and hope it will eventually lead us to a successful conclusion , ” Checketts said in an emailed statement .
Several black NFL players have told newspaper reporters they would never play for a team owned by Limbaugh because of remarks they found racially objectionable , including his comment that the media wanted Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb to succeed because he is black .
Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay on Tuesday said he could not consider voting to approve Limbaugh as an owner because of comments that were “ inappropriate , incendiary and insensitive , ” according to an Associated Press report posted on the NFL ’s website .
According to the report , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell told the NFL Fall League Meeting : “ I think divisive comments are not what the NFL is all about .
I would not want to see those kind of comments from people who are in a responsible position within the NFL . ”
Checketts ’ group is bidding for the Rams as part of a sale being conducted by Goldman Sachs .
While the process limits Checketts on what he can say , he obtained special permission to clarify the investor group ’s intentions , he said .
A spokeswoman for Limbaugh could not immediately be reached for comment .
Checketts , who owns the National Hockey League ’s St. Louis Blues , wants to keep the Rams based in St. Louis , and to bolster these efforts , his group had invited Missourians to join them , leading to Limbaugh getting involved .
Limbaugh was to have had a limited partnership role , said Checketts , and little day - to - day involvement .
A native of Missouri , Limbaugh is one of the most highly paid figures in broadcast media and an ardent football fan who came close to landing a spot as a commentator on “ Monday Night Football ” on ABC in 2000 .
Three years later , Limbaugh , who played football in high school , joined ESPN ’s “ Sunday NFL Countdown . ”
After a month on the show , he resigned amid controversy over his remarks about McNabb .
Limbaugh was born in Cape Girardeau , Missouri , and later worked for the Kansas City Royals baseball team .
Forbes magazine recently valued the Rams at $ 913 million , ranking them 25th out of 32 NFL teams .
Stephen Hawking is giving up his prestigious position as Cambridge University 's Lucasian Professor of Mathematics .
Hawking , famous for his research on black holes and theoretical physics , steps down Wednesday but will continue to work for the university as before .
Tradition dictates that professors retire from the post the year they turn 67 and Hawking celebrated his 67th birthday in January .
The position , created in 1663 , has been filled by the likes of Sir Isaac Newton and Charles Babbage , one of the fathers of modern computing .
Hawking is best known among the general public for his book A Brief History of Time , first published in 1988 .
He was scheduled to give a public lecture at the Waterloo , Ont. - based Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics earlier this year but was forced to cancel after suffering a chest infection .
Hawking suffers from a disease that damages the motor neurons in his brain and spinal cord .
University spokeswoman Genevieve Maul says an advertisement seeking a new academic for the job has been posted and that Hawking 's replacement will be announced shortly .
just when you think things couldnt get much worse than electro - ska , black polka metal , or christian punk , the crunkcore scene comes along and makes everything else look perfectly acceptable .
the crunkcore movement is one that seems to be a brilliant marketing strategy by some sort of modern day lou pearlman who learned to tap into the brain of misguided emo kids who dont know where to turn .
there is no way such a genre would evolve organically , someone had to have made a conscious marketing decision to create one of the worst crossover genres of all time and throw it on myspace to see what happens .
to sum up the stylings of crunkcore , it is a horrific combination of two genres that were bastardized and declared dead several years ago , crunk and screamo , only now with overtly sexual lyrics directed at 7th grade girls .
with that said , you can use the following recipe to create your own crunkcore band
2 ¼ cups t-pain vocoder
4 tablespoons of angst ridden white teenagers
2 sticks of bowel inducing screams
3 teaspoons of shuttershades
2 cups fake bling from vending machines
12 cups of lyrics that would give brian peppers douche chills
205,809 myspace friends
somewhere on the back of the miley cyrus tour bus the guys in metro station are thanking their lucky stars that bands like brokencyde came along .
the crunkcore wave is to dance pop what 9/11 was to gary condit and his missing intern .
ill leave you with this
ps. why is it that only talented bands flip their van ? << back to scenesters / font >
brokencyde
dot dot curve
breathe carolina
millionaires
3oh !3
breaksilence
crunk kids
crunkcore lastfm
Can you believe it ?
Have you ever wondered whats underneath that green strapless dress ?
Well if you have ( which is creepy btw ) then you will be able to find out this coming November .
It sounds random , but its not .
It ’s all in good spirit .
Playboy is actually doing it in honor of The Simpsons ’ 20th Anniversary .
Personally , I do n’t know .
I grew up with Marge Simpson .
She is somewhat of a mother figure to me , and seeing her naked or half naked is …just … wrong ?
* shudder *
Then again , I want to see how Playboy , or The Simpsons animators pull this one off .
Keep in mind , there is no word if she will be actually naked on the mag .
We ’ll have to wait and see if Playboy goes Hentai or not .
KEKE
Will you guys be rushing to your nearest newspaper stand and getting your copy of this November ’s Playboy ?
[ via Perez Hilton ]
Update : The Playboy cover has surfaced on the internets .
Go past the break to view it .
What do you guys think ?
Linux is the second most popular operating system .
When you say “ Linux ” however , it is a general term because it comes in several flavors ( Redhat , Debian , etc ) .
This variety is part of the open source philosophy : you are not limited to the operating system and the applications included by the vendor .
You then have control of the source code and can compile it in the best way possible .
Of course , not everybody can compile an operating system from scratch and this is why there are people who do it for you .
Each variety of Linux is called a distribution ( or a distro ) for short .
Linux distros are compiled for you by the distro authors / maintainers , who have selected the packages for you to use – you just download the distro and install it ( and hope that it works ! ) .
All distros share the same Linux kernel and many of the packages are also the same among distributions .
However , each distro is built for a purpose – i.e. to be used as a desktop system , or as a server platform , or as a security stronghold , etc. and this is why the creators of the distro select different packages to include in it .
Also , many distros come with a preselected desktop environment ( i.e. Gnome , KDE , or other ) , though as a rule you can always get a distro and if it does n't include the desktop environment of your choice , you can always install it on your own .
Now , after this necessary introduction , let 's move on and see which flavors of Linux that are common .
The categorizations below are not mutually exclusive and as you will see , some of the most popular distros fall in more than one category .
RedHat -Based
The first classification of Linux distros is according to the mother - distribution they use .
Here the two most popular are the RedHat - based distros and the Debian ones .
RedHat and Debian are two of the most popular Linux distros of all times and it is not surprising that they have so many offsprings .
One of the most popular offsprings of RedHat is Fedora , which is basically RedHat for the desktop , while RedHat itself is more of an enterprise platform .
CentOS is another very popular Linux distro , which is based on RedHat .
However , there is formally no connection between them .
CentOS is especially good for shared hosting and that is why for many web hosting companies this is the Linux distribution they choose ( and stick to ) .
Debian - Based
Debian is another very popular Linux distribution and it has even more offsprings than RedHat .
Ubuntu , which is currently considered the most popular Linux distribution , is Debian - based .
Xandros and Damn Small Linux are two other very popular Debian - based distros .
Some of these Debian - derivatives have derivatives of their own – for instance Linux Mint , which is also a very popular Linux distro is actually a derivative of Ubuntu .
Slackware and Followers
Slackware is another Linux distribution with traditions .
The tech community loves Slackware a lot .
Slackware does n't have as many offsprings as Debian but still there are at least ten distributions , including the relatively popular Slax and Zenwalk , which originate from Slackware .
Live CDs
In addition to the distribution on which a Linux download is based , another division is between downloads , which need to be installed and Live CDs , which are downloads that can be run right from the CD / DVD ( i.e. no installation is necessary ) .
The Live CD trend started relatively recently but these distros are very popular because they are so easy to use .
Many distributions have a Live CD version and a normal version .
For instance , both RedHat - based and Debian - based distributions come as both a normal version and a Live CD .
On the other hand , even those Linux distributions , which are mainly a Live CD ( i.e. Knoppix or Ubuntu ) generally have an option to be permanently installed on the hard drive .
Live CDs are great when your operating system is messed up and you can't access it the normal way – you just boot from the Live CD and use the applications from there .
Of course , Live CDs can be used permanently , not only in emergencies but in this case , you 'd better install them on the hard drive .
Desktop Linux Flavors
Another division of Linux distributions is according to their purpose .
Basically , there are two groups – desktops and servers .
While it can be said that in comparison to Windows , Linux is still behind as a desktop operation system , the desktop department of Linux is getting richer and richer and many Linux distros provide everything a user needs – i.e. an office package , web browser , multimedia functionality , image processing , etc .
Some of the most popular Linux desktop distributions are Ubuntu , OpenSuse , Mandriva , and Xandros – these are just some of them , there are many , many more .
Linux for Servers
Traditionally Linux is a server operating system and this is why it is not surprising that there are so many distributions , which are aimed mainly to be run on servers .
CentOS and RedHat are the two best examples but there are many , many others .
For instance , Debian and Slackware are also frequently found on servers .
Security Enhanced
One of the flavors of Linux , which deserve special attention when web hosting is concerned , are the security enhanced distributions .
These distributions include various tools for network testing , penetration testing , and other security checks .
Some of the most notable examples are SELinux and BackTrack but there are also a couple more , which deserve attention .
This article is a very brief introduction to Linux flavors .
Since there are so many of them , it is not possible to mention them all .
The distros listed here are just some examples of the most popular ones .
And yes , – even Linux maniacs can't list all of the available distributions and if asked , they might omit 1 - 2 of the Top 20 ( if there were Top 20 , of course ) .
What is more , new distributions are released all the time , so if you have nothing else to do as a full - time occupation , keeping track of new Linux distros and changes to existing ones could keep you busy most of the day .
DistroWatch.com is one of the sites , where you can find up - to - date information about new releases and read more detailed reviews about the distros of interest to you , so if you want to know more about the Linux flavors , this site is a great starting point .
Linux distribution - Open Source Software
Linux distribution , also known as Linux distro , is a Linux operating system plus application software comprising the Linux kernel , the GNU operating system , assorted free software , and sometimes proprietary software , all created by individuals , groups , or organizations from around the world .
If you want to give a famous example of free software and open source development you often mention Linux .
There are currently hundreds of Linux projects and in this article we will describe five important ones .
Regardless of these projects different directions , they all consist of the same core .
CentOS CentOS stand for Community ENTerprise Operating System and is a free available Linux distribution .
It 's based on RHEL ( Red Hat Enterprise Linux ) and it strives to be 100 % compatible with it .
As we said it 's a totally free software but put together as ready distribution , for example CD or DVD , it 's only made available to paying subscribers .
The idea is that if you do n't want to pay you 're able to use the source code and create a version as similar to the original as possible , but of course without getting any assistance from Red Hat .
Ubuntu Ubuntu is a common developed , by the users , operating system for desktops , laptops and servers .
It consists of every possible application you might need at work , school or at home .
Everything from software as office - and e-mailing programs to web - server and programming tools are available .
You have the possibility to download the software and share it with your friends and family or with your business partners and of course you can do so for free .
SuSe SuSe Linux is one of the largest Linux - distributors and it was founded in 1992 in Germany .
The name SuSe is short for Software - und System - Entwicklung and its goal is to be user friendly and to be an easy accessible Linux distribution for beginners as well as technicians and for corporate use .
Debian Debian GNU / Linux is a Linux distribution that uses the operative system core from Linux and basic tools from the GNU - project , hence the name Debian GNU / Linux .
Debian separates itself from many other Linux distributions in the way that it 's entirely community distributed and does n't have a big company backing it up .
This does n't mean that it is n't used commercially , but it has bigger demands on being free than other distributors .
RedHat Red
Hat is one of the most popular providers of Linux and open source technology .
There is a reason for its popularity and the fact that it has been ranked as the best software three times .
Red
Hat is simply world - leading and they stand for quality open source technology and expert services .
You could say that it 's the mother of many other Linux distributions .
Written
CouchDB , an Apache project providing a Web - accessible , key - value database , is emerging as an essential technology for running Web applications offline .
CouchDB , which is being updated this week with release 0.10 , itself is a Web server , with the ability to store bits and pieces of the Web application , said Chris Anderson , a committer on the project .
[ Find out how CouchDB stacks up against other new - school databases such as Amazon SimpleDB and Google App Engine in InfoWorld Test Center 's review : " Slacker databases break all the old rules . " |
Cut straight to the key news for technology development and IT management with our once - a - day summary of the top tech news .
Subscribe to the InfoWorld Daily newsletter . ]
" The Web application will be stored in the database and then the only client you need is the Web browser , " Anderson said .
" The whole inspiration [ behind CouchDB ] from the beginning has been to do Lotus Notes - style synchronization so that wherever you are , you have all your data , " Anderson said .
Anderson is part of a new venture called Relaxed Technologies , which is building small business / office software that works in a Web browser and uses CouchDB for synchronization between disconnected instances of applications .
Relaxed Technologies software will keep working when an Internet connection goes down .
CouchDB joins other offline application technologies such as Google Gears and Adobe AIR ( Adobe Integrated Runtime ) .
The main difference between CouchDB and a technology such as Gears is CouchDB offers the same application code running on the server and locally , Anderson said .
Normally , developers have a lot of work to do to make an application run offline , he said .
" If you build a CouchDB application , it runs offline right away , " said Anderson .
Ad hoc synchronization can be done with a laptop , he said .
Also , if a business uses CouchDB as its server technology and a server or the Internet goes down , the business can keep running , he said .
" CouchDB is pretty much the only open source project that can do offline synchronization , " Anderson said .
The database features a RESTful JSON API accessible from any environment allowing HTTP requests .
CouchDB is designed to run on PCs and servers , with support for mobile devices planned .
Canonical supports CouchDB in the client version of Ubuntu Linux .
Version 0.10 features continuous replication .
Users can link to CouchDB servers and stay up - to - date in real time .
Cookie and OAuth authentication is also in the release , along with Windows build support .
A 1.0 release is planned for later this year .
" For developers writing Web applications , CouchDB is designed to be just easier and [ resulting in ] less fuss " than relational databases or Java application servers , Anderson said .
The slogan of CouchDB is " relax , " as in users can relax that their data is safe , he said .
" We pride ourselves on having a very reliable storage engine , " said Anderson .
" We 're not trying to build the Ferrari of databases ; we 're trying to build the Honda Accord of databases and that 's a little different sweet spot , " Anderson said .
Developers can write a program for CouchDB and run it on a local machine or move it to a server or group of servers if the program becomes popular , Anderson said .
CouchDB developers are looking for someone to build a browser plug - in that would make it easier to offer CouchDB locally .
" We 'd love to see anyone come along and develop that , " Anderson said .
A handout picture taken on May 13 , 2009 , provided by Myanma News Agency shows U.S. citizen John Yettaw ( C ) meeting Colin P. Furst , second secretary ( consul ) of the U.S. embassy at a police station in Yangon .
REUTERS / Myanma News Agency / Handout
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The American man who swam across a lake to visit Myanmar ’s opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be released on Sunday , according to a statement issued on Saturday by U.S. Senator Jim Webb .
American John Yettaw had been sentenced to seven years hard labor by Myanmar ’s military government .
Suu Kyi was found guilty by a Myanmar court last week of violating a security law after Yettaw swam uninvited across a lake to her home in May .
Yettaw was sentenced to prison in a parallel trial on three charges , including immigration offenses .
“ I am grateful to the Myanmar government for honoring these requests , ” said Webb who is visiting Myanmar and sought Yettaw ’s release .
“ It is my hope that we can take advantage of these gestures as a way to begin laying a foundation of goodwill and confidence - building in the future . ”
On Saturday , Webb became the first U.S. official to meet Myanmar ’s military leader Than Shwe .
Yettaw will be officially deported from Myanmar on Sunday , Webb ’s office said .
“ Senator Webb will bring him out of the country on a military aircraft that is returning to Bangkok on Sunday afternoon , ” the statement said .
Aug. 31 ( Bloomberg ) —
Wall Street is suiting up for a battle to protect one of its richest fiefdoms , the $ 592 trillion over - the - counter derivatives market that is facing the biggest overhaul since its creation 30 years ago .
( Emphasis mine )
While researching financial reform a while ago , I came across this amazing article from Bloomberg that had me Googling up the intertubes :
That amazing number is what caught my eye .
Depending on whose statistics you use , the entire Gross Domestic Product of planet Earth is $ 65 trillion or $ 70 trillion — meaning the appraised value of the derivatives market is about eight and a half times the size of the entire global economy .
How is that even possible ?!
Bloomberg again :
“ Business models of the larger dealers have such a paucity of opportunities for profit that they have to defend the last great frontier for double - digit , even triple - digit returns , ” said Christopher Whalen , managing director of Torrance , California - based Institutional Risk Analytics , which analyzes banks for investors .
( Emphasis mine )
Anyone remember how we got into this mess ?
Derivatives are such complicated instruments that only a few dozen people in the world really understand them .
They are contracts based on the performance of other assets , leveraged to squeeze greater and greater profits out of a real dollar .
As we ’ve seen , they ’re inherently dangerous — and entirely imaginary .
We might as well let Goldman Sachs play with Monopoly money .
Can someone explain to me how this works ?!
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Everywhere
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Doing so has , however , turned into quite the adventure .
In the course of trying to sell our items , and keep track of the " Wanted " sections for people seeking items we may be willing to part with , I 've learned a few things .
Perhaps those lessons will be of value to others .1 ) If aad specifies a price , and does not include abbreviations such asor phrases like , orthen please do n't send an email saying , " " You are wasting your time , and the seller 's .2 )
If you see an ad offering $ 60 or so for your broken laptop , and you figure that the broken laptop you have is little more than a doorstop at this point , .
These individuals are banking on the hope that you are an idiot who does not know how to use Google to learn how to replace the LCD screen on your laptop - which , inevitably , is the biggest reason people think their laptops are broken !
Stop giving away hundreds of dollars worth of property to people who are going to spend $ 50 to buy a new LCD screen and then sell your laptop BACK TO YOU as " " for $ 300 + dollars .
Fuck , email me - I 'll replace the damn thing for cost of the part plus $ 20 for my time .
Good lord .3 ) # 2 also applies to your broken iPhones , Palm Pilots , XBoxes and the like .
These people are making oodles of money off of you - spend a little cash , get the thing fixed , and then sell it for what it 's actually worth if you need money that bad .
Do n't sell it to these yahoos , they are4 )
Ok , so you 're getting married , and you 're broke , and you want a nice wedding .
Most brides and grooms are broke because we humans tend to get married at around the same time the rest of our adult life is truly beginning - fresh out of school , still being paid little more than an intern , paying off student loans , buying a first house , etc .
Perfectly understandable , and there 's nothing wrong with looking for a good deal on wedding items .
But there is a reason weddings are so expensive - because the shit involved IS ACTUALLY EXPENSIVE .
Yeah , you know what ?
I 'm probably not going to use those 50 miniature mirrors left over from my wedding centerpieces again for anything but maybe target practice - but I still had to lay out a whole bucket load of cash to buy them to begin with , and your greedy little " " posts made , day in and day out , are NOT inspiring me to part with my targets so as to benefit you .
I am more likely to break those mirrors and use them to gouge up all the other free wedding paraphernalia I might have to offer just to spite your greed and stupidity .
5) No , you don ' ta washer and dryer .
Would it be nice ?
Certainly .
More convenient ?
Definitely .
But a ?
No - and especially not if you expect someone else to give you their expensive household appliances for free .
Get off your ass , load up the laundry bags , and get over to the laundromat .
I mean , hell , do you want us to wash the damn clothes for you as well ?
6 )
Which applies to # 5 and , well , pretty much every thing else ... if you are expecting someone to give you something for free , if you are here begging for free stuff , at least have the intelligence and wherewithal to It 's bad enough you want expensive shit given to you for free , but you want it hand delivered on a silver fucking platter as well .
Seriously ?
WTF?7 ) As per the title of my post ....
If you are seeking free shit , you do n't get to add conditions like , " , " or " , " or " , " or " , " or " , " or " , " or " " or whatever other ridiculous demands you 're intending to make .
It 's FREE SHIT .
Be grateful someone is willing to help your sorry ass out instead of expecting them to customize their shit to fit your greedy demands .
8 ) If you are going to respond to a " " ad , particularly if the item being asked for seems ... oh , I do n't know , potentially rare , expensive or otherwise raises the question " " -.
Find out , before you sell , EXACTLY what that $ 500 bill the guy is offering you $ 600 is worth .
Look up things like , " , " or " . "
Do n't let your own greed overwhelm your common sense .
If someone is willing to pay you for your item , maybe you 'd better find out if someone else is willing to PAY MORE for it .
9 ) Be realistic .
You are not going to get a 2000 or newer running car in good shape with no dents , scratches or mechanical problems for $ 400 .
Stop fucking asking .
Yes , you 're a single parent , life has shit on you , you 're going to school , you have no money ... the same is true for pretty much most of the rest of the world .
If your transportation needs are that great , lower your damn expectations . " " is a good place to start .
It 's still not likely to get you a lot of responses , but at least it 's more realistic .
10 ) FFS .
.. if you are offering a service , stop posting it as a " " ad .
What you want are customers , not ITEMS , so stop wasting our time with your " " bullshit where you actually are looking for people to rent your stupid chair covers for more money than they 're even worth .
11 ) If you are looking for someone to do web design or programming for you , post it in the Gigs section , and be prepared for those of us who do this for a living to laugh our fucking asses off at you when you say you 're offering an " " or that you can't pay / ca n't pay much , but are " " to let us use your site in our portfolio .
First of all , most of us write it into our contracts that webe using any site design we do for you as part of our portfolios .
You are n't doing us any favors ... you 're asking US to do YOU a favor because you 're too lazy to take any of the multitude of online courses that teach HTML , CSS and php at such an easy level even my 98 year old grandmother could learn it .
Secondly , we know damn well that if you 're posting an ad on CL , you are n't in any position to make good on promises of " . "
We 've been at this a long time , most of us make a good portion of our money off of freelance work , and we 're not nearly as stupid as you think we are .
Do you ask your surgeon to take out your appendix for free , too ?
12 ) So you 're going to be a mommy .
Hooray !
Let me offer my congratulations !
It 's completely understandable that new parents may not have the money for extras like a baby swing , a high - end stroller , pretty room decor , etc .
Nothing wrong with asking for people to sell you their gently used items - when my kids grew out of their stuff , I sold it cheaply to other new moms , everyone was happy .
If , however , you are sitting down to write an ad about how destitute you are , how you can't afford diapers , how you need a free crib and swing and port - a- crib , and stroller , and bouncy seat , and bassinet , and christening outfit , and clothes , and car seat , and they should all match and have pink bunnies with little green froggies ... and... and... and ... then really , the ad you SHOULD be writing is " ... "
And that , my dears , comes from an adult adoptee who is typically pretty anti-fucking - adoption " . "
Namely , me .13 ) Stop signing your begs with " . "
Why ?
Because in so doing , you 're screwing yourself .
Those who would react positively to such a comment are the types who would offer you help even without the added " . "
But you make some major huge assumptions about your audience when you add that little line , mainly , that they are all / mostly Christians .
This is the internet - and on top of it , this is Michigan .
It 's a good bet " " is n't viewed as positively as you might hope , and that a whole lot of people who might otherwise have responded with offers are going to click right back out of your post .
Not because they are anti-god , or anti-Christian , or whatever - but because they see through your bullshit .
They know damn well you 've tacked that on hoping to play on the sympathies of " . "
They know you do n't mean a word of it , that you 're using it as a way to manipulate others .
Knock ...it... the...fuck ...off .
The people you ARE fooling can't help you .
The people who are NOT fooled , can help , but wo n't .
They may not be Christians , but they do n't like seeing Christians manipulated any more than they like seeing it happen to anyone else .
14 ) If you need help to not get evicted , not get your lights shut off , etc. - sure , you can post an ad asking for help .
Who knows , someone might actually respond .
But you have a better shot if you take matters into your own hands and start looking for other ways to get those bills paid .
Put up a request on http://www.modestneeds.org - be prepared to PROVE your need .
Go through your house and sell every damn thing you do n't need - all those DVDs , your TV , your stereo , your MP3 player , your cell phone , your laptop - whatever it takes .
None of those things will do you a damn bit of good without a roof or electricity , and you can live without all of them and so much more .
Sell your shit !
Stop expecting someone else to come rescue you .
Oh , and here 's a tip - when someone emails you and questions why you have n't sold your computer and shut off your cable / internet , do n't lie and tell them you 're posting from the library .
When you email them back , they 're going to check the headers on your email and run the IP address - they 're going to know you 're a Comcast customer , not posting from a library ISP .
People do n't help liars , particularly those who do n't help themselves .
I 'm sure there are other points I 've forgotten , and I reserve the right to edit this as needed to include them .
If my laptop was n't our only source of income via my programming and web design , it would be gone like most of our other shit is .
My husband has been out of work for months , we do n't qualify for any sort of state aid , my medications alone are costing us $ 300 + and I 've actually taken a couple of those stupid " " jobs just so I could buy fucking ramen , bread and peanut butter to feed us .
So I GET IT ... I understand just how bad it is .
But fuck , have a little dignity people .
P.S. I think I hurt the feelings of a few of the beggars ... keep flagging , kids ...
I know the truth hurts .
In Depth › Science Features
How epigenetics is changing our fight with disease
Sequencing the human genome was supposed to answer our questions about the genetic origins of disease but the burgeoning science of epigenetics is telling us it's a whole lot more complicated .
Decoding the human genome was supposed to answer all our questions about the genetic origins of disease .
But six years after the complete genome was sequenced , more evidence than ever suggests it 's not just our genes that affect our susceptibility to disease but also our environment .
In our battle against disease could we be fighting the wrong adversary ?
Epigenetics is the science that describes all modifications to genes other than changes to the DNA sequence itself .
Epigenetic marks can switch particular genes ' on ' or ' off ' , and this process can have major implications for health .
Although epigenetics is a normal part of human development , things can go badly wrong when the marks switch off genes that we need to remain healthy , such as those that fight cancer or regulate our metabolism .
While we do n't yet fully understand how or why most of the marks operate , scientists believe they are often a response to environmental factors , particularly those we were exposed to in the womb , such as our mother 's diet or her exposure to toxins or diseases .
With research suggesting a role for epigenetics in conditions as varied as asthma and schizophrenia , some experts believe epigenetic changes may turn out to play an even bigger role in human health than our actual genes .
^ to top
Epigenetics and our genes
Our genes are like the instruments in an orchestra , says Dr Jeff Craig , a researcher in developmental epigenetics and disease from the Murdoch Childrens Research Institute in Melbourne .
The particular combination of instruments — the DNA — we inherit from our parents determines the kind of music that can be played .
But the thing that 's missing from this picture is the musicians , Craig says .
Just as the instruments remain lifeless until somebody plays them , our genes need to be ' played ' by the series of molecular changes known as epigenetics .
" Epigenetic marks are molecular beacons that land on the DNA and turn genes on or off , " explains Craig , who is looking for such marks in childhood leukaemia in the hope this will lead to better diagnostic tests and more targeted therapies .
While the particular genes we carry can influence our susceptibility to a certain disease , whether we get the disease will often depend on whether those genes are switched on or off .
^ to top
Cancer at the forefront
The first disease to be studied epigenetically was cancer and it is still the best understood .
Earlier this year , scientists at Sydney 's Garvan Institute announced they had identified one epigenetic process that appeared to be implicated in breast cancer .
When researchers compared normal and malignant cells , they found the cancer - fighting gene , P16 , had been switched off in the malignant cells through a process called DNA methylation , where molecules are added to the DNA backbone affecting its function .
By monitoring methylation changes in very early stages of breast cancer , the group hopes to develop a set of markers that will indicate which women are at risk of going on to develop invasive cancer , helping with decisions about how aggressively an individual cancer should be treated .
Even more exciting is the prospect that it might be possible to reverse the epigenetic changes leading to a range of cancers , says Professor Susan Clark , who heads the Garvan 's epigenetics research group .
" With genetics , you can't actually fix it , whereas with an epigenetic change it is potentially reversible , " she says .
" The dream of every cancer researcher is that one day we will be able to turn off the cancer switch . "
^ to top
Miracle cures ?
For his part , Craig believes epigenetics may ultimately hold the clue to understanding how a very small number of cancer patients experience ' miracle cures ' , leaving doctors mystified by the complete disappearance of a tumour .
It may be these patients ' tumour suppressor genes have somehow become reactivated after initially being switched off by epigenetic marks , he says , allowing their bodies to fight and defeat the cancer .
We are trying to mimic that process , " he says of the research into childhood leukaemia he is conducting with colleagues from Melbourne 's Royal Children 's Hospital and Peter McCallum Cancer Centre .
The group is already using drugs designed to reverse epigenetic marks , such as DNA methylation inhibitors , although these are still pretty " blunt instruments " , Craig says .
The challenge now is to develop drugs that will act only on the relevant genes in cancer cells , rather than system - wide .
The researchers are also mapping the epigenetic variability or epigenome in children with leukaemia .
Monitoring epigenetic changes in these children will give doctors access to markers that can predict the progression of the disease and determine which treatments are most likely to be successful in a particular child , Craig says .
" Cancer treatments are pretty toxic , " he says .
" So , if we can say this kid 's more likely to respond to drug x or drug y , it could save a lot of suffering . "
^ to top
Environmental effects
So , how do the epigenetic marks come to be placed on our genes and can they , as has often been reported , be passed from one generation to the next ?
Dr Catherine Suter , who heads the epigenetics laboratory at Sydney 's Victor Chang Cardiac Research Institute , is one researcher attempting to answer these questions .
Her work with groups of genetically identical mice has shown that changing the diet of pregnant females causes epigenetic changes in the offspring that dramatically affect their future health .
When the mothers were given a protein - restricted diet , for example , their offspring experienced epigenetic changes that interfered with satiety signals , the brain 's ability to know when the stomach is full .
The baby mice overate , became fat and went on to develop diabetes .
However the process could be interrupted by feeding the baby mice a combination of micronutrients , including vitamin B12 and folate .
Although Suter believes the causes of diabetes in humans are likely to rely on a complex interplay of genetic and epigenetic factors , this is an exciting finding in the long - term search for a cure .
^ to top
An evolutionary challenge
The implications of epigenetics may be even bigger than the potential to find cures for intractable diseases , Suter says .
As our understanding of the science improves , it may require us to rewrite the theory of evolution itself to include a role for environmental effects .
The epigenetic changes in Suter 's mice have been found to persist through at least two generations , with her current research aiming to show whether they can continue to be passed on beyond that .
It is even possible that epigenetics could make the process of evolution more responsive to environmental challenges , she says .
" It is plausible that natural selection could act on environmentally - induced epigenetic changes , " Suter says .
" If the environment turns off certain genes , that could make them more vulnerable to mutation . "
And so the dance between genetics and epigenetics continues .
^ to top
Video : Beetles can be made to respond to radio remote control
It ’s tempting to call them lords of the flies .
For the first time , researchers have controlled the movements of free - flying insects from afar , as if they were tiny remote - controlled aircraft .
By connecting electrodes and radio antennas to the nervous systems of beetles , the researchers were able to make them take off , dive and turn on command .
The cyborg insects were created at the University of California , Berkeley , by engineers led by Hirotaka Sato and Michel Maharbiz as part of a programme funded by the Pentagon ’s Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) .
The project ’s goal is to create fully remote - controlled insects able to perform tasks such as looking for survivors after a disaster , or acting as the ultimate spy .
Green beetles
The Berkeley team implanted electrodes into the brain and muscles of two species : green June beetles called Cotinus texana from the southern US , and the much larger African species Mecynorrhina torquata .
Both responded to stimulation in much the same way , but the weight of the electronics and their battery meant that only Mecynorrhina – which can grow to the size of a human palm – was strong enough to fly freely under radio control .
Advertisement
A particular series of electrical pulses to the brain causes the beetle to take off .
No further stimulation is needed to maintain the flight .
Though the average length of flights during trials was just 45 seconds , one lasted for more than 30 minutes .
A single pulse causes a beetle to land again .
The insects ’ flight can also be directed .
Pulses sent to the brain trigger a descent , on average by 60 centimetres .
The beetles can be steered by stimulating the wing muscle on the opposite side from the direction they are required to turn , though this works only three - quarters of the time .
After each manoeuvre , the beetles quickly right themselves and continue flying parallel to the ground .
Brain insights
Tyson Hedrick , a biomechanist at the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill , who was not involved in the research , says he is surprised at the level of control achieved , because the controlling impulses were delivered to comparatively large regions of the insect brain .
Precisely stimulating individual neurons or circuits may harness the beetles more precisely , he told New Scientist , but do n’t expect aerial acrobatics .
“ It ’s not entirely clear how much control a beetle has over its own flight , ” Hedrick says .
“ If you ’ve ever seen a beetle flying in the wild , they ’re not the most graceful insects . ”
The research may be more successful in revealing just how the brain , nerves and muscles of insects coordinate flight and other behaviours than at bringing six - legged cyborg spies into service , Hedrick adds .
“ It may end up helping biologists more than it will help DARPA . ”
Brain - recording backpacks
It ’s a view echoed by Reid Harrison , an electrical engineer at the University of Utah , Salt Lake City , who has designed brain - recording backpacks for insects .
“ I ’m sceptical about their ability to do surveillance for the following reason : no one has solved the power issue . ”
Batteries , solar cells and piezoelectrics that harvest energy from movement cannot provide enough power to run electrodes and radio transmitters for very long , Harrison says .
“ Maybe we ’ll have some advances in those technologies in the near future , but based on what you can get off the shelf now it ’s not even close . ”
Journal reference : Frontiers in Integrative Neuroscience , DOI : 10.3389/neuro.07.024.2009
Today I want to announce sprixel , a new Perl 6 compiler in its early stage of development , written in JavaScript and using the standard Perl 6 grammar STD.pm .
Sprixel ( an anagram of perlsix ) development was initiated by Matthew Wilson , aka diakopter .
It traverses the Abstract Syntax Tree as produced by STD. pm , transforms it into an intermediate JavaScript data structure similar to JSON ( but with some enhancements to handle cyclic structures ) , and has a small , continuation based runloop that executes the JavaScript .
Currently the only backend is the V8 compiler and virtual machine - but if / when the STD grammar is implemented , you 'll be able to run Perl 6 in your browser .
Currently sprixel supports scalar and list variables , numbers ( including bigint ) , strings , string interpolation , basic control flow , closures , named sub declaration ( with parameters ) , and map .
Sprixel development is optimized for fun , and already picked up some contributors ( notably , mberends implemented many infix operators , a makefile , and a test harness ) .
The source code can be found in the pugs repository ( but is completely independent of the pugs compiler project ) .
The main communication medium so far has been the #perl6 IRC channel on irc.freenode .net .
Motivation
Why yet another Perl 6 implementation ?
you might ask .
A few reasons actually :
Pressefotos des Jahrzehnts Visuelle Zeitreise
In den rauchenden Trümmern des World Trade Centers weht eine US - Flagge , ein zotteliger Saddam Hussein wird von Ärzten untersucht , ein Schwarm Heuschrecken umwirbelt einen schlaksigen Jungen : Die Agentur Reuters hat die besten Pressebilder der vergangenen zehn Jahre veröffentlicht .
SPIEGEL ONLINE zeigt eine Auswahl - es ist ein Zeitsprung in eine zu Ende gehende Dekade .
If you are under investigation or you have been charged with a crime , seek legal counsel as soon as possible for the best chance of a successful outcome .
Call The Law Offices of Joseph J. Colarusso to speak with a reputable criminal defense lawyer in Stamford , Connecticut , at 203-977-2415 , or call the White Plains , New York , office at 914-946-2777 .
Attorney Colarusso offers free initial consultations .
You can also contact the firm online for a prompt response .
Injured ?
We 're here to get you compensation AND peace of mind
When you suffer from a personal injury , you need and deserve compensation .
You need to know it ’s going to be ok .
It is that simple , but it does n’t always feel that way .
With complicated claims processes , delays or bad - faith denials , insurance companies can be experts at not making it easy for you to get all or any of the money you are entitled to .
Work with us to make sure that does not happen .
You already have enough to worry about .
We have the experience and the resources to help and an established record of settlements and jury awards for our clients .
When you suffer an injury the toll is not only financial .
Let us help you become whole again financially and emotionally by handling the most stressful parts of the healing process so you can put your attention where it should be .
Whether you were injured in a car wreck , hunting accident or slip - and - fall , we understand the laws and the processes regarding the types of accidents that occur in West Virginia , and how to get you the best possible outcome in West Virginia .
Senate Finance Committee Democrats rejected a proposed requirement that immigrants prove their identity with photo identification when signing up for federal healthcare programs .
Finance Committee ranking member Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) said that current law and the healthcare bill under consideration are too lax and leave the door open to illegal immigrants defrauding the government using false or stolen identities to obtain benefits .
Grassley 's amendment was beaten back 10 - 13 on a party - line vote .
The bill , authored by committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) , would require applicants to verify their names , places of birth and Social Security numbers .
Under current law , legal immigrants have to wait five years after obtaining citizenship or legal residency before they may sign up for Medicaid .
That waiting period would not apply to receiving tax credits or purchasing insurance through the exchange created by the legislation , however .
But the would not require them to show a photo ID , such as a drivers license .
Without that requirement , the bill " remains dearly lacking when it comes to identification , " Grassley said .
" Frankly , I 'm very perplexed as to why anyone would oppose this amendment , " he said .
But Democratic Sen. Jeff Bingaman , who represents the border state of New Mexico , said that the type of fraud Grassley said he wants to prevent is highly uncommon .
" The way I see the amendment , it 's a solution without a problem , " Bingaman said .
[ EDITOR'S NOTE :
This item has been updated to correct the erroneous statement that current law requires a five - year waiting period for legal immigrants to obtain Children 's Health Insurance Program coverage and that the Baucus bill would implement a five - year waiting period for legal immigrants to obtain health insurance tax credits and to purchase coverage through the exchange . ]
RELATED STORY :
Culver City ( California ) –
The first day of Indiecade has come and gone , with a warm welcome from mayor Andrew Weissman of the quaint ( if artificially so ) movie - making hometown of Sony Pictures USA and Culver Studios where many of your favorite films and TV shows were put together – Culver City , California .
The Christmas tree lights that line so many of the artisanal cafés and galleries throughout this neighborhood somehow provide a perfect setting for the often artsy , cerebral and philosophical fare that is increasingly permeating the independent gaming world and simultaneously pushing it in ever wider audiences .
Indie games are no longer the poor man ’s first person shooter .
In fact they are far far from it .
Subjects ranging from Korean folklore concerning rabbits that populate the moon ( ClassicNight ) , the wandering through the mind of a drug addict – and being rewarded for tripping out – ( Akrasia ) inform not only the concept but innovative play style of today ’s emerging fare .
We sat in on the two hour - long microtalks session wherein each of this year ’s nominated finalists was given 12 slides at 16 seconds each to talk about their games .
The result was not only consistently entertaining , but utterly fascinating .
I mean , these developers range from one - man Spanish speaking self - taught Flash programmers who flew all the way from Argentina ( Moon Stories ) to 19 - year - olds talking some pretty heavy physics and engineering paradoxes ( Closure ) to recent graduates from USC ( Minor Battle ) and the Singapore - MIT GAMBIT Game Lab ( Akrasia ) .
Nowhere to be found were the frag enthusiasts or Columbine tributaries that one used to expect from the definition of floppy disk era indies like DOOM and Duke Nukem .
For better or worse , depending on your take , indie games are becoming something entirely new .
Or perhaps , to be fair , there is a wave of independent game development that is fanning out into something entirely new and marvelous – it ’s modern and in step with the forefront of design , it ’s thought provoking , emotionally rich , literary , post - modern , multi-cultural , subversive and evolving beyond its usually gummy genre types ( for eg. Space Shooter , Platformer , Puzzle , Escape the Room ) .
In fact the conjunctive titles of the very genres under which they are being cataloged are starting to fail as classification becomes increasingly elusive .
But that is the essence of Indie as a word – built in to its very definition ( like the word AlternativeTM once did ) is the need to subvert and break from the mainstream .
All of that was on display at the opening day .
Some would argue that this year ’s finalists hardly represent the best of what is out there – but many of them really are ; polished despite breaking so much from the pack , playable despite being so unorthodox , accessible despite being so small ( many of these may have had literally no budget ) .
We will zoom in on some of the games we saw and the developers with whom we spoke over the coming days .
For now a moment of rest .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
CHOCOLATE giant Mars was yesterday forced into an embarrassing U - turn by the nation 's angry vegetarians and vowed to stop using animal products in its confectionery .
Earlier this month top sellers including Mars Bars , Bounty , Snickers , Twix , Milky Way , Maltesers and Minstrels were taken off the menu for veggies .
From May 1 , Mars changed the whey used in its sweet snacks from a vegetable source to one containing rennet , a natural enzyme produced in the stomachs of calves .
The company said it took the decision " to ensure the availability of our supply " , but many industry experts believe it was a cost - cutting move .
The decision provoked outrage among customers .
In just seven days , more than 6,000 people contacted the Vegetarian Society .
A petition against the move was also signed by 40 MPs .
Now the firm has apologised to all its veggie customers , and reverted to its original recipes .
" We underestimated the impact this would have , " said Fiona Dawson , MD of the Mars snack business in the UK .
" The consumer is our boss ... and it became very clear , very quickly that we had made a mistake , for which I am sorry . "
Veggies might have won this battle with Mars , but there are many more to be fought before they win the war to publicise animal products in all foods .
Here are some of the other products out there which still contain these ingredients ...
KELLOGG'S FROSTED WHEATS
THIS cereal contains beef gelatine to glue the sugar to the wheat .
Gelatine is obtained from the collagen of animals ' connective tissue .
PESTO
SACLA green pesto , Cirio pesto sauce and other brands are made with real parmesan , which like the now - scrapped Mars Bars contains rennet from calves ' stomachs .
GUINNESS
THE black stuff is clarified with isinglass - a form of gelatine made from the air bladders of fish .
It 's only a minute amount but technically it 's still a fishy pint .
A vegetarian - friendly alternative used in some beers is Irish moss .
All German beers are also safe for veggies because of a law from 1516 which states their beer must contain only four products - hops , water , sugar and yeast .
MULLER LIGHT YOGHURT
SOME low - fat yoghurts contain gelatine .
Muller Light yoghurts and Muller Vitality are made with gelatine , while Muller Rice and Fruit Corners are not .
Muller is now looking into using veggie alternatives .
Weight Watchers ' citrus fruit yoghurts also contain the animal product .
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE
MANY people are n't aware that they are splashing fish sauce over their cheese toastie when they use Lea & Perrins .
Made with anchovies , the firm wo n't be changing the recipe any time soon as it dates back 170 years to 1837 .
Bovril went veggie for about a year a while back , but then reintroduced the beef extract .
Veggies can eat Marmite , which is made from yeast extract .
BASSETT'S LIQUORICE ALLSORTS
THE red colouring E120 cochineal used in these sweets is made by extracting the red body material from pregnant beetles .
It 's also found in M&Ms .
TOILETRIES
MOST brands of soap and some toothpastes and mouthwash contain glycerine , which may have been produced from animal fat .
If in doubt , look out for special veggie soaps and toothpastes .
MAYNARDS WINE GUMS
THESE chewy sweets have gelatine in them , as do Waitrose Jelly Babies and some Haribo sweets .
Other sweets with animal additives are Princess Marshmallows and Trident Splash chewing gum which contain beef gelatine .
ALCOHOL
SOME wines have been clarified using isinglass from the air bladders of fish .
Wine can also contain dried blood and gelatine .
Some Russian and Eastern European vodkas are n't suitable for veggies because bone charcoal may have been used in their production .
Some whiskies are aged in sherry barrels which of course is a fortified wine and so may contain animal products .
CAMPARI
THE red colouring gives it away - this tipple clearly contains cochineal .
BASSETT'S SOFT AND CHEWY RASPBERRY MULTI -VITAMINS
THE raspberry flavour contains gelatine and cochineal , while the blackcurrant flavour only has gelatine .
The chewy vitamin C tablets and ACD&E vitamin orange flavour pastilles also contain gelatine .
ST IVEL ADVANCE MILK
IT 'S important to get those brain - boosting Omega 3 nutrients , but make sure you look at where they come from .
St Ivel Advance , with added Omega 3 , says it uses fish oil because it's the richest and most readily - available source .
FLORA OMEGA 3 PLUS MARGARINE
FLORA says it uses plant - based Omega 3 in its spreads , but adds Omega 3 fish oil to this particular margarine .
THE REST
WATCH out for chips that may have been fried in animal fat .
And while most large bread producers use vegetable - based emulsifiers like E471 and E472 , some local bakers may grease their tins with animal fat .
An updated USBConfiguration .
plist in the most recent version of iPhone OS 3.1 beta offers compelling evidence that Apple has continued development on an unknown device , referred to as " iProd , " that was first discovered in March .
A developer alerted us to the appearance of the new device description for iProd1,1 inside the configuration file .
As most Apple devices are assigned the " 1,1 " designation in the first revision , this leads us to believe that there is indeed an unknown product inside of Apple under active development running the iPhone OS .
When the iPhone OS 3.0 SDK beta was first seeded to developers , an entry inside the USBConfiguration .
plist indicated that a device identified only as iProd0,1 existed inside of Apple .
The . plist item was nested among the usual iPhone and iPod Touch identifiers , as well as iPhone2,1 , which turned out to be the iPhone 3GS that was released this past June .
As shipping products from Apple do n't have a leading zero in the identifier , we speculated then that it was a prototype device that was in active testing .
The iProd1,1 device has been assigned a new productID of 4762 ( versus 4757 of i Prod0,1 ) and assigned a different ConfigurationDescriptor of " standardMuxPTPEthernet . "
iPhone models also have this designation , and the additional interface identified in the plist for this configuration is " AppleUSBEthernet . "
The consensus here seems to be that the new device may have gained high - speed networking capabilities — though the iPhone uses the interface to tether to a laptop to share its 3G connection .
While it 's easy to speculate that this may be the rumored Apple tablet we keep hearing so much about lately , we have yet to find any evidence that iPhone OS 3.1 is capable of running on a device with a tablet - sized screen .
It 's just as possible it may refer to the camera - equipped iPod nano , though we doubt such a device would run iPhone OS .
Hell , it might even be an iPhone nano .
What we are willing to bet on is that with a 1,1 moniker the product will see public release soon — perhaps as early as September , when Apple typically unveils new iPods .
Start saving folks ... the time for the mystery iProd is nigh !
On December 1st bass legend Jaco Pastorius would ’ve been 62 years old …
The following article was written in September 2008 .
Out of the many jazz posts I ’ve done , this one is my favorite .
Twenty six years after his tragic death , Jaco Pastorius ’ extraordinary talent continues to generate a sentimental spot and source of inspiration for musicians & fans the world over .…
I hope you enjoy the variation in genre this time around .
~TBB
September 2008
Saturday morning I had breakfast with an old friend that I ’ve known for most of my life .
It ’s been a few months since we last spoke , so we took the opportunity to get together for a few hours to catch - up on stuff .
My friend is a bass player and does n’t play live that much anymore , but he continues to record as often as possible .
I wo n’t get into his music credits in order to maintain his privacy , but he ’s a respected musician in many circles .
It ’s really cool , as we have been in contact for over 40 years now .
I owe much of my music sensibility to this gentleman .
So much so that I weaved him into a piece I wrote called Remembering Little Walter .
He was always a little different in his approach to his instrument than your average musician .
To this day he reminds me of Jaco Pastorius .
Not only in his tone , but also the way he ’s able to make his bass sing so expressively .
His playing is always a focal point on anything he touches ; bringing his experience to the forefront on every note for all to enjoy .
During those few hours during breakfast we discussed that it was 21 years ago this Sunday that the great Jaco Pastorius passed away .
I mentioned that I felt from an influential perspective , Jaco just may be to bass players what Hendrix was to guitarists .
The impact Jaco created was truly inspirational and it ’s difficult to ignore his influence not only on bass players , but all musicians that were fortunate enough to hear and experience his very special gift .
Jaco Pastorius
was on born on December 1 , 1951 in Norristown , Pennsylvania .
Shortly after his birth the Pastorius family moved to Fort Lauderdale Florida .
Jaco went to elementary and middle school at St. Clement ’s Catholic School in Wilton Manors , and he attended high school at Northeast High in Oakland Park .
While growing up , Pastorius loved playing sports and watching basketball with his father .
Jaco started his music career by playing the drums ; following in his fathers footsteps .
A broken wrist while playing football prevented him from drumming .
The injury eventually required surgery and Jaco decided that he would fill in the vacant bass player spot in a nine piece band he was in called Las Olas Brass .
The band did covers of popular R&B artists such as Aretha Franklin , James Brown and Otis Redding .
As Pastorius ’ interest in jazz developed , so did his desire to play the double bass ; an instrument used not only in jazz settings , but other genres such as 1950s - style blues and rock and roll .
After saving up money to buy the instrument , he discovered that it would n’t hold up to the Florida humidity .
Instead he replaced his bass with a Fender that he pried the frets out of .
Jaco then filled the fret holes with wood putty , and coated the fingerboard with marine varnish .
“ I had an upright — it took me years and years to get enough bread to get it , ” he once said .
“ I ’m from Florida , so one morning I woke up , go in the corner and the bass is in a hundred pieces , cause the humidity is so bad , I mean , the upright just blew up .
I said forget it , man , I ca n’t afford this any more .
So I went out , got a knife and took all the frets out of my Fender .
That was it . ”
Throughout his youth Pastorius continued to develop his skills , honing his songwriting prowess in bands like Wayne Cochran and The C.C. Riders .
In 1974 , he started to play with his friend and later famous guitarist Pat Metheny .
Together they recorded with artists such as Paul Bley .
They also made an album together for ECM with drummer Bob Moses entitled Bright Size Life .
In the mid seventies , Pastorius met up with drummer Bobby Colomby , who played with Blood Sweat and Tears .
Together with Colomby acting as producer , Jaco made his first album the infamous self entitled album entitled Jaco Pastorius in 1976 .
The album became the talk of the jazz scene and was widely praised by critics .
His solo album was also noted for its incredible lineup of serious jazz musicians that included Herbie Hancock , Wayne Shorter , David Sanborn , Lenny White , and Michael Brecker just to name a few .
Even R&B singers Sam &
Dave would reunite to appear on the track “ Come On , Come Over ” .
The Weather Report Years
It was during the time that Pastorius released his solo album that he ran into keyboardist Joe Zawinul in Miami where Weather Report was playing at the time .
Not being shy about his talent , Jaco told Zawinul that he was “ the greatest bass player in the world . ”
And he sarcastically told Zawinul that he thought his band was sort of alright …
Sources say that Zawinul initially had a few F sharps for Pastorius , but eventually admired him for his brash demeanor .
The two of them would stay in touch and it eventually led to Jaco joining the band during the recording of Weather Report ’s Black Market album .
Pastorius contribution to the band became a vital part of the group ’s makeup .
His presence brought Weather Report new fans and enhanced the band ’s compositions and their live shows .
If people were unaware of Jaco ’s talent , the Grammy nominated album Heavy Weather in 1977 would certainly change that .
His bass playing on that album was outstanding , and he would also receive a co-producing credit along with Zawinul .
Pastorius also returned to his original instrument the drums by playing on the cut Teen Town .
During his career , Pastorius played on many recording sessions for other musicians , both in and out of jazz circles .
Some of these include , Ian Hunter , David Sanborn , Al Di Meola , Mike Stern and Biréli Lagrène .
Out of the many guest appearances by Pastorius , my personal favorites would have to be the some of the work with artist Joni Mitchell .
The album Shadows and Light in 1980 had him and friend Pat Metheny joining forces again .
The music on this album was beautifully driven with Pastorius ’s melodic flair .
As the years passed Pastorius started to develop severe mental health issues .
Drinking and drug use would only worsen the problem .
Diagnosed with a bipolar disorder , he began a path of strange behavior that ultimately affected his life on and off the stage .
Slowly he started to become an outcast in the music community as he would be banned from one club to another .
Eventually it was this erratic behavior that would take his life as he was involved in a fight with a bouncer after sneaking on stage at a Santana concert .
The confrontation would send him into a coma .
On September 21st , 1987 , he was taken off life support , and at the age of 35 , we lost the great innovator .
Many artists over the years such as Miles Davis , Marcus Miller , John McLaughlin , Rod Argent , Bela Fleck and countless others have paid tribute on their albums to this legend of the music world .
All of these artists work ensures us that his legacy will continue to be honored for a long time to come .
My Breakfast Meeting Came To an End
When I think about some of the people that inspired my love for music , I think about the great Jaco Pastorius .
It was Jaco that led me to listen more intently to Weather Report and artists such as Joni Mitchell and Pat Metheny .
When I worked at the record boutique in my teens ; I turned as many people on to Jaco as I could .
I would play his music to anyone who was willing to listen .
His self entitled first solo album Jaco Pastorius along with Heavy Weather will always be one the most played vinyl jazz albums I still own and will forever cherish ; major pieces of inspiration for TheBluesBlogger .
As my friend began to drive off , I started to think , it really was him that made me aware of Jaco .
It was his playing over the years that opened my ears up to the jazz genre and provided the inspiration and motivation to move to NYC and search for work in a recording studio .
Listening would not be enough !
I had to be a part of it somehow .
My friend allowed me to be a part of his music world , and it helped me to appreciate music generated right from the creative process .
Thank you my friend !
During the writing of this article , I realize I have left many gaps in the life and career of Jaco Pastorius .
There are just too many to fill in just one post .
Perhaps that ’s where you can help .
Please make sure you add your comments below and help fill in some of the details that may be important to you .
Did Jaco have any influence on you as a music lover ?
Or did he inspire you as a musician ?
Your comments are always appreciated .
Take Care ,
The Blues Blogger
It fell off the national media radar awfully quickly , but here 's a followup :
The Wynne story came and went so quickly that radio journalist Charles Goyette from KFNX in Phoenix tried to follow up .
An interview was scheduled with the Air Force Secretary 's spokesman , USAF Major Aaron Burgstein , to get elaboration on the Secretary 's remarks .
But Burgstein cancelled at the last minute without explanation .
Burgstein's email to Goyette added that " SECAR ( Wynne ) is not advocating using non-lethal weapons on the American public , " just that they be " fully tested first before they 're employed overseas " because our enemy " uses any and all opportunities to wage a propaganda war . "
Sounds benign enough .
Unfortunately , it directly contradicts what Wynne actually said .
" If we 're not willing to use it here against our fellow citizens , " said Wynne , " then we should not be willing to use it in a wartime situation . "
" If they are used in the US , " Burgstein wrote Goyette , " it would be by the police , not the military . "
Burgstein equates these energy beams to tasers , perhaps unaware of the controversy surrounding a number of taser injuries and deaths .
Wynne , a major defense contractor turned Pentagon insider , tipped his hand .
Pentagon planners intend to use high - tech weapons on Americans before turning them on Iraqis , either directly or by making the technology available to police and other agencies .
And that 's not a new story , either .
ABC
News reported in 2004 that there were active discussions to use sonic weaponry against demonstrators during the Republican National Convention in New York .
When in " weapon " mode , the " LRAD " ( long range acoustic device ) " blasts a tightly controlled stream of caustic sound that can be turned up to high enough levels to trigger nausea or possibly fainting . " [...]
As for the microwave beam , New Scientist reported that when it was tested , " experimenters banned glasses and contact lenses to prevent possible eye damage to the subjects , and in the second and third tests removed any metallic objects such as coins and keys to stop hot spots being created on the skin .
They also checked the volunteers ' clothes for certain seams , buttons and zips which might also cause hot spots . "
In other words , this beam does n't only inflict agony on its targets .
If you can't move out of the way quickly enough it can cause serious burns and potentially even fuse contact lenses onto their wearers ' eyeballs .
One thing that slows down the adoption of Python 3 is the low number of available third party projects .
If your project depends on some other projects , you are pretty lucky if they are all available under Python 3 .
I do n’t think that the problem comes from the Python 3 syntax adoption , because Python provides a pretty powerful tool to convert your Python 2 code into Python 3 code , called 2to3 .
( notice that the backward process is also available since this summer : 3to2 ) .
The biggest issue in my opinion is the lack of packaging support .
Distutils itself works fine on Python 3 , but I am talking about Setuptools , which is widely used in the community and does n’t work under Python 3 .
So if your project , or one of its dependency uses Setuptools , you ca n’t switch to Python 3 .
Well , I am glad to say that this is not true anymore , thanks to Martin von Löwis , Lennart Regebro and Alex Grönholm that have been working on Distribute ’s Python 3 support lately .
The Distribute project is a fork of the Setuptools project and is now fully compatible with Python 3 .
If you are using Setuptools , install Distribute 0.6.3 , read its docs / python3.txt file and add Python 3 support to your project .
And if you need help in porting your distribution to Python 3 , drop in Distutils - SIG , we will help you .
OTTAWA–Like it or not , a fall federal election is a virtual certainty , say the two opposition leaders who could prop up the Conservative government .
The chances of Prime Minister Stephen Harper working with the other parties in the House of Commons when it returns Monday are slim to none , NDP Leader Jack Layton told the Toronto Star yesterday .
" It seems to me that Mr. Harper has already decided and that he 's gung - ho about going out into the schoolyard and having a rumble with Mr. Ignatieff , " Layton said .
Bloc Québécois Leader Gilles Duceppe was of a similar opinion when he headed into a two - day caucus meeting in Quebec City .
" I 've acquired over the past few days in touring Quebec the firm conviction that , barring a major change , there will be an election , " Duceppe told reporters .
" It does n't look like there is going to be much compromising happening . "
Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff has vowed to topple Harper 's minority government at the earliest opportunity .
" It 's a question of principle for us , " he said yesterday .
An election this fall would be the fourth in five years .
In the 308 - seat Commons , the Conservatives hold 143 seats , the Liberals 77 , the Bloc 48 and the NDP 36 .
There is one independent MP and there are three vacancies .
To trigger an election , all three opposition parties would have to vote against the government .
The Liberals were the first out of the gate with pre-election advertising , followed by the Bloc .
The Star has also learned Liberal campaign buses are virtually ready .
During a stop in Kitchener - Waterloo , Ignatieff said the Conservatives have left Canada with one of the worst economic records in the country 's history .
" We believe that if you are running the largest deficit in history , terrible unemployment numbers , record bankruptcies and you are letting Canadian champions down and you are not investing in the jobs of tomorrow and the know - how of tomorrow , then we can't support you and we need to present Canadians with an alternative , " he said .
The government says it would be irresponsible to force an election when Canada is struggling to recover from the recession .
" An election right now would be detrimental to the Canadian economy and to the recovery that we are starting to see , " said Harper spokesman Dimitri Soudas .
Soudas said the government has been willing all along to work with the opposition , noting that this week Human Resources Minister Diane Finley said she is prepared to make improvements to employment insurance , " just like we promised we would do last spring . "
It was the Liberals who walked away from a specially created panel designed to review ways of making it easier to qualify for EI , he said .
Election talk comes as public opinion polls are showing the Liberals trailing the Conservatives .
A Strategic Counsel survey published yesterday put Conservative support at 35 per cent to 30 per cent for the Liberals , 14 per cent for the NDP , 12 per cent for the Bloc and 9 per cent for the Green party .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
A Toronto Star - Angus Reid poll last week showed Conservatives with 33 per cent support compared with 32 per cent for the Liberals .
The NDP had 19 per cent , the Bloc 9 per cent and the Greens 7 per cent .
The election dance begins when the Commons returns Monday from its summer break .
If the Conservatives next week introduce a ways and means motion to authorize the $ 3 billion renovation tax credit promised in the budget , the opposition could topple the government , leading to an election as early as Oct. 26 .
The Liberals have accused the Conservatives of fear - mongering by suggesting an election would kill the renovation tax credit , saying the Tories know full well the credit will be recognized by whoever forms the next government .
Another scenario could see the Conservatives fall after Sept. 28 , when the government is to present an update on its stimulus efforts .
In that case , an election could come as early as Nov. 9 .
EI remains contentious .
The opposition fears changes proposed by the government will be minor and aimed at making the Tories look like they are compromising .
Yesterday , Finley indicated the government could extend the duration of the benefits , The Canadian Press reported .
The NDP wants improvements to EI and pension protection , as well as a reduction of credit card rates and elimination of ATM user fees .
Layton said his party will not accept minor changes in exchange for propping up the government .
" It would have to be something significant that addresses all our proposals , " he said .
With files from Susan Delacourt
Read more about :
The world must start a " complete " shift to a low carbon economy by 2014 — or risk making dangerous climate change almost inevitable , a report warned today .
The study for conservation charity WWF showed that waiting until after 2014 to fully develop the clean industries needed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , such as renewable energy , would leave it too late to halt temperature rises of more than 2C .
With low - carbon industry only able to grow at a certain rate , a delay in taking action will make it almost impossible for countries to roll out the technology in time to cut emissions by the amounts needed to avoid the worst impacts of global warming .
The research by analysts Climate Risk ( pdf ) also said countries must take action across a range of industries at once , including renewable energy , technology to capture the carbon emissions from fossil fuel power stations , preventing deforestation and improving energy efficiency .
If countries fail to tackle emissions across all sectors , they will end up getting the lowest - cost industries up and running first and not developing other areas until they are affordable .
This would make it impossible to meet targets to reduce emissions , the study warned .
The report , published as representatives of 17 countries meet in the UK for the Major Economies Forum as part of efforts to secure a new global agreement on cutting emissions at UN talks in Copenhagen in December , called for long - term investment strategies to support clean technology .
Policies are also needed to improve energy efficiency standards , pay people set tariffs for generating power from renewables and end subsidies for the use of fossil fuels .
Keith Allott , head of climate change at WWF - UK , said : " Clean industry sectors can only expand so far , so quickly .
" If we wait until later than 2014 to begin aggressively tackling the problem , we will have left it too late to ensure that all the low - carbon solutions required are ready to roll out at the scale needed if we intend to keep within the world 's remaining carbon budget .
He said the report highlighted the need for a " complete industrial shift towards a low - carbon future " which must begin with a fair and binding deal on climate change in Copenhagen in December .
An over - reliance on carbon trading - which by putting a price on pollution encourages cutting emissions where it costs least - would lead to a step - by - step approach to developing a low carbon economy that would leave the world struggling to reduce emissions on a sufficient scale and speed to prevent climate change , the study said .
The report also said that , even without a price on carbon , renewable energy could become competitive with fossil fuels between 2013 and 2025 .
Can sprinkling sugar into a wound speed up the healing process ?
The papers are today reporting on some new research we touched on back in August .
When Moses Murandu was a child in Zimbabwe and gashed his leg his father sprinkled sugar into the wound when dressing it .
Well now Moses is a senior nurse and lecturer at the University of Wolverhampton and he's been conducting clinical trials to see the impact sugar has when used as a dressing on infected wounds .
He funded the initial study at Selly Oak on a few patients himself .
Treating problems like open infected wounds and bedsores .
And the results were so promising he's now been awarded £ 25,000 to expand the trial with up to 300 patients in different hospitals across the Midlands .
His initial paper has also just been accepted for publication in the November issue of Wounds International .
While this early study was limited to just 21 patients , the conclusions are extremely positive .
We had not anticipated the immediate and dramatic abolition of wound odour which enabled us to move patients from isolation to the open ward within 24 hours of commencing treatment , nor the marked reduction in analgesic requirements , particularly in venous ulcer patients who had previously refused bed rest in elevation on the grounds that this was intolerably painful .
Sugar is often much cheaper than other more sophisticated dressings and treatments .
Though you do need a sterile source .
UPDATE
Having spent a very interesting morning with Moses , I think it might be worth stressing just how hard he 's worked to get this project off the ground .
We simply did n't have time to go into this in the report .
It took some six months to convince the relevant authorities to drop the £ 25,000 new drug registration fee for this trial .
Then Moses had to approach a number of different hospitals to find consultants and nurses who were happy for the trial to go ahead on their ward .
Finally the trial itself has involved a lot of work for Moses .
He had to get up at six to check on his patients , then go off to the day job as a lecturer and then return to check on his patients again in the evening .
But he told me what makes it all worthwhile is seeing his patients happy and comfortable after weeks of dealing with pain from wounds that just wo n't heal .
If you have an old family remedy like this then do get in touch .
Fed 's Fake Recovery
The press attributed this week ’s rise in gold to benign causes .
The end of the world seems to have been postponed – indefinitely .
Bloomberg reported that a clear majority of those polled thought the world economy was recovering .
With no more fear of the deflation devil investors feel they are in the arms of angels .
Surely Ben Bernanke watches over them even when they sleep .
Even the President of the United States thinks he saved the nation .
As for Tim Geithner , he takes no chances ; he sings his own praises .
Speaking to a gathering of the G20 , he congratulated them all :
“ … facing the greatest challenge to the world economy in generations , the G - 20 gathered here in London and committed to an unprecedented program of policies to restore growth and reform the international financial system .
Those actions have pulled the global economy back from the edge of the abyss .
The financial system is showing signs of repair .
Growth is now underway . ”
Stocks are still up .
Commodities too .
Oil is over $ 70 .
And most encouraging of all : the 10 - year US Treasury note yields only 3.47 % .
So what evil sends investors running to the protection of gold ?
None at all , say the papers ; investors buy gold in anticipation of better times .
They see a recovery , bringing with it tightened supplies and rising demand .
Every economist , investor and hair stylist knows what this means – inflation .
But if growth is underway , investors should be glad there is not more of it .
The key indicators of real economic progress are negative .
Unemployment is not rising ; it is falling .
Nearly 7 million Americans have lost their jobs since the recession began .
In California , only 3 of 5 working age residents have a job .
And those who are still working are putting in the shortest workweeks ever recorded .
How could the economy be growing with fewer people earning money ?
The New York Times attempted to explain the enigma by calling it a “ jobless recovery . ”
But a recovery without jobs is like a loveless marriage or a fat - free burger – it is disappointing .
Another key indicator is personal spending .
Not surprisingly , that is down too .
Personal spending has fallen in four of the last six quarters – something that has never happened before , since they began keeping records in 1947 .
The level of consumer spending is down 33 % from a year ago – with discretionary spending in the United States now down to a level it has n’t seen in 50 years .
Consumers are n’t spending partly because they have no money … and partly because they apply what money they have left to relieving the headache from their previous binge .
A report this week showed they had reduced their hangover of personal debt in July by more than $ 21 billion – four times as much as economists forecast .
These are , of course , the same economists who pimp for the angels at Bernanke & Co .
If they ’re right , we have a spending - less , jobless recovery pushing up the price of gold .
We offer an alternate interpretation .
We begin with a doubt about the one now on the table .
In the popular version , the more the recovery seems real , the more investors fear real inflation .
This drives them to buy gold .
Of course , it should drive them to sell US Treasury bonds too – which has n’t happened .
Nor has inflation gone up .
And if this view were correct , we should begin to see remedial measures from the US central bank .
The Fed should soon begin to withdraw its monetary stimulus , returning the economy to a kind of normalcy it has n’t seen in years .
The risk , not insignificant , is that Fed economists will err .
They may loosen monetary policy too slowly or too quickly .
Asked about the risk , Janet Yellen , President of the Fed ’s San Francisco branch , promised to avoid the error of 1937 – she will not “ tighten policy too soon , aborting the recovery . ”
Gold bulls are counting on her .
And they may be right .
But here on the back page , we add a nuance .
We ’re not surprised by an occasional Fed error .
What surprises us is the rare accidental success .
There are 500 basis points between zero and 5 % .
It would take a miracle for central bankers to find exactly the rate the market needs precisely when it needs it most .
The ’ 37 error , for example , might have been a success .
At least it sped up the process of liquidation so the decks were clear when the post - war boom finally came .
Maybe we ’ll get lucky and the Fed will make the same error again .
Not likely .
This time they ’ll make a different error – adding too much cash and too much credit for too long a time .
Today ’s ‘ recovery ’ is based on hot money from the feds .
It ’s a fake .
It wo n’t cause real growth .
When this becomes clear , commodities will sink – along with stocks … and gold .
Central banks , ignoring the futility of their hot money program so far , will add even more hot money .
Eventually , the hot money will cause inflation to rise and gold to ‘ melt up . ’
Gold bulls will be proven more right than they imagine .
But they may be proven wrong first .
Enjoy your weekend ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
Caltrans says there 's no estimated time for when the Bay Bridge will reopen and that there 's still a lot of work to be done .
Hhigh winds hampered efforts to make quick repairs on the Bay Bridge Wednesday .
In a late afternoon news conference spokesman Bart Ney said drivers should be ready to get to work Thursday without the bridge .
Officials said it is possible that the winds may have been the reason a portion of a construction repair job collapsed Tuesday .
Both directions of the bridge were shut down Wednesday .
Caltrans said the repair work could be complete by noon Thursday , but added the work would still need to be inspected before the bridge could be open to drivers .
The pieces that failed were parts of major repairs done last month after state inspectors discovered a crack in an " eyebar , " an important structural beam .
The rods that broke were holding a saddle - like cap that had been installed to strengthen the cracked eyebar .
Caltrans engineers were trying to figure out why the recent repairs -- which were supposed to last until the new bridge opened in 2013 -- failed in less than two months .
Ney said the strong winds likely played a role in the failure , which heightened concerns by some experts about the integrity of the repair and the bridge 's safety in an earthquake .
Scientists in 2008 said there is a 63 percent probability of a quake similar to the 6.9 - magnitude Loma Prieta temblor in the Bay area over the next 30 years .
Miraculously , only three vehicles were hit and nobody was hurt .
" I thought I was going into the Bay , " said Andrea Nelson , a marketing consultant and personal coach who saw the crossbar and two rods fall and bounce on the road ahead of her as she headed into San Francisco for dinner .
She swerved and her car spun out as she ran over the rods , which gashed her tires .
" I have lost so much confidence in the experts , the millions of dollars that are being spent to reconstruct and build a new bridge , " she said .
" I just find it shocking and unacceptable . "
Abolhassan Astaneh - Asl , a civil engineering professor at the University of California , Berkeley who studied the effects of the 1989 earthquake on the bridge , called the repair last month a " Band - Aid " that jeopardized public safety to get the bridge open quickly .
" When this eyebar fractured , this is very serious element of this part of the bridge .
So the safety issue is very serious here , " he said .
" The repair done , in my opinion , is very unusual to put it mildly . "
The main contractor on the repairs , C.C. Meyers , Inc. , stood by the work , but deferred to Caltrans to determine why the pieces failed , spokeswoman Beth Ruyak said .
The parts to repair the span arrived overnight Tuesday but crews could n't begin the work until winds died down .
Ney said the winds " are drastically slowing down our progress " as workers put new pieces of steel in place .
The Federal Highway Administration sent engineers to investigate what caused the repairs to fail .
" That 's the primary task at hand , " said Nancy Singer , a spokeswoman for the highway administration .
The agency said it had not inspected the Labor Day weekend repairs .
The closure has had a ripple effect on traffic throughout the Bay Area .
Some 280,000 drivers use the span daily .
Drivers on the upper deck of the Bay Bridge got the shock of their lives around 5:30 p.m. when a large cable and a piece of heavy metal came flinging toward them .
A box - type truck was hit with the cable .
The driver says he slammed on his brakes in order to keep from hitting the chunk of metal at the end of the cable .
The cable landed on his roof after shattering the man 's windshield .
It also landed in at least two lanes of traffic .
The 5,000 pound piece of metal swiped another car on its way down , peeling back the hood like a sardine can .
The couple inside that car had just started a vacation after flying to the Bay Area from Canada .
It 's not clear what brought the cable and the chunk of metal down , but the winds had been heavy all Tuesday .
Caltrans had a high wind alert for Bay Area bridges throughout the day .
Commenting on the failure , Ney said , " we 're deeply sorry about the incident and the damage to the property owners and the delays for commuters . "
Well !
The guy who directed Independence Day thinks it 's gonna fall off the coast first .
This Guardian article suggests the more likely possibility : that they 're going to go bankrupt .
Guest starring Michael Pollan not eating food !
Paul Harris asks in his headline : Will California become America 's first failed state ?
I 'm still not sure , but I do know that there are paragraphs of Harris ' article that are ( A ) convincing and ( B ) incredibly depressing .
Especially the parts about Riverside .
If you know anything about Riverside , California , you 're probably already familiar with stuff like this :
In one city near Riverside , a squatter 's camp of newly homeless labourers sleeping in their vehicles has grown up in a supermarket car park – the local government has provided toilets and a mobile shower .
In the Los Angeles suburb of Pacoima , one in nine homeowners are now in default on their mortgage , and the local priest , the Rev John Lasseigne , has garnered national headlines – swapping saving souls to saving houses , by negotiating directly with banks on behalf of his parishioners .
Yeah , so , California : depressingly fucked .
If only it were falling off the coast , right ?
Meantime , there 's one bright spot in the article : Michael Pollan getting freaky .
This is what you get when you eat your vegetables :
Michael Pollan , author of The Omnivore 's Dilemma and now an adopted Californian , remembers arriving here from his native New England .
" In New England you would have to know people for 10 years before they let you in their home , " he says .
" Here , when I took my son to his first play date , the mother invited me to a hot tub . "
Yeah , that 'll be sad if California 's doomed .
We should n't let that happen .
Here 's a nice song .
It 's ridiculous but wonderful , much like its subject material :
— like bacon , Ho Hos , cheesecake , and sausage — look
The next time a friend says he 's addicted to bacon , you should know he probably is n't joking .
The brains of rats fed only on junk food
similar to the brains of heroin - addicted rats , according to new a study .
Pleasure centers in the brains of rats addicted to high - fat , high - calorie diets became less responsive as the binging wore on , making the rats consume more and more food [ Science News ] .
from the Scripps Research Institute .
The findings suggest that drug addiction and overeating have similar biological mechanisms , according to the scientists
The work is not yet published , but was presented at the Society for Neuroscience ’s annual meeting .
The rats fed on junk food displayed a hallmark of addiction .
After just five days on the junk food diet , rats showed “ profound reductions ” in the sensitivity of their brains ’ pleasure centers , suggesting that the animals quickly became habituated to the food .
As a result , the rats ate more food to get the same amount of pleasure .
Just as heroin addicts require more and more of the drug to feel good , rats needed more and more of the junk food [
Science News ]
.
To test the depths of the rats addiction , researchers shocked rats every time they ate junk food .
Rats that had not previously binged on Ho Hos quickly stopped eating the high - fat foods .
However , the fat rats kept eating junk food even though they knew the shock was coming .
Now that 's an addiction .
Related Content : 80 beats : To Help Heroin Addicts , Give Them … Prescription Heroin ?
80 beats : China Bans Electroshock Therapy for “ Internet Addiction ” 80 beats : Rats Compulsively Gamble for Same Reason Humans Do : Lack of Serotonin
Image : flickr / asplosh
Hi ! Me Unmarried Man Over
Thirty .
Call me UMOT !
You pretty lady !
I act same way I did 15 years ago .
I hang with buddies , drink beer , smoke pot , play video games .
Maybe in band ?
Play music !
UMOT no want to grow up !
I want to bang on my drum all day !
Sometimes UMOT get sad .
UMOT ’s friends get married and leave UMOT !
This makes UMOT question fundamental lifestyle choices !
Maybe UMOT should no have sold all personal belongings to follow Phish for three years / live in Costa Rican Jungle / hike the Appalachian Trail ?
UMOT do what UMOT want to do .
That it !
I no like do things I no like doing !
UMOT likes sexy with ladies but UMOT no want commitment .
That why I date women who younger than me by 7 years minimum .
They no make me feel immature .
They no threaten poor decision making skills .
I no commit to nothing besides beer , spliff !
I make baby in 10 to 15 years with pretty young lady who make baby easy !
No lady my age need apply .
You make UMOT uneasy with independence , intelligence .
Scares UMOT .
I no like lady my age !
Go away lady my age !
Go away !
Nice to talk to pretty lady !
Maybe I text later ?
Maybe hang at my studio apartment ?
Make sexy ?
Okay , me tired now .
Me drank PBR , tequila until early morning and must sleep now on second hand mattress .
Night , night , pretty lady .
UMOT go Dreamland .
Me text later .
Mr Clegg said there was ' no excuse ' for government not to intervene Nick Clegg has called on the prime minister and home secretary to " do the right thing " and block the extradition of computer hacker Gary McKinnon .
The Lib Dem leader accused ministers of " hiding behind weasel - worded legal excuses " and demanded that Gordon Brown and Alan Johnson intervene in the case .
Mr McKinnon , 43 , has been denied leave to appeal to the new UK Supreme Court against his extradition to the US .
The Home Office has refused to comment while the legal case continues .
Mr McKinnon has admitted hacking into 97 US government computers , including those of Nasa and the Pentagon .
He insists he was looking for evidence of UFOs but US authorities want to try him under anti-terrorism laws , which carry a maximum penalty of 60 years in prison .
Asperger 's Syndrome Both the Lib Dems and the Conservatives have criticised the UK 's extradition treaty with the US .
They say it is unfair to British citizens because of the lack of reciprocity shown by the American authorities .
Following the failure of Mr McKinnon 's appeal on Friday , Mr Clegg told the BBC his case demonstrated " precisely why we , the Lib Dems , were so staunchly opposed to this treaty right from the beginning " .
It is long past time that this travesty of justice was put right
David Davis
Conservative MP
Hacker refused extradition appeal " This is wrong .
It must be stopped , and Gordon Brown and Alan Johnson can stop it by trying Gary McKinnon here under British law rather than shipping him off to a jail in America , " he said .
" The Home Office and the government are hiding behind weasel - worded legal excuses .
" There is no excuse not to do the right thing and the only right thing to do is to prevent this vulnerable man being sent over to America . "
Mr McKinnon has Asperger 's Syndrome and his lawyers say extradition could have " disastrous consequences " for his health .
The former shadow home secretary David Davis said : " The reason this decision has been arrived at is because the British government created a set of laws and agreements which , masquerading as anti-terror laws , actually disadvantaged a whole range of British citizens .
" It is long past time that this travesty of justice was put right . "
A Conservative - led debate in the House of Commons in July failed to force a review of the laws .
During the debate the home secretary said the act had simplified extradition rules while still protecting suspects ' rights .
At the time Mr Johnson denied claims the law was one - sided , saying the burden of evidence required to secure someone 's extradition on either side was " essentially " the same .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I love beer .
I also love wine and liquor , but beer ’s what I come back to .
Beer is plain ol ’ delicious : every brand has a distinct flavor and it goes well with food or alone .
It ’s just intoxicating enough : if I do n’t feel like getting wasted , one or two will do me , but steady drinking will get the job done fine if I ’m in a partying mood .
My fella and I get tired of the same old , same old beer selection at our local Kroger , so when we travel out of state , we often pick up a lot of regional beers – up to 12 six packs when we have the cash !
The beer boxes are my second favorite part of buying the beer after drinking it .
Beer packaging is colorful and diverse , and often beautiful * :
The boxes serve as a runner around our walls .
They ’re a fascinating and unique decorative element of which I ’m quite proud and which get a lot of comments from our friends .
It ’s a good record of our travels and our life together .
They are not meant and usually are not read as endorsements of every beer we drink , but are in the context of over a hundred other examples of packaging .
Pedestrian PBR is next to regional Yuengling , and obscure Backfin is next to a sampler pack .
Every box that we ( or occasionally a friend who works at a beer store ) consume goes up on our wall , regardless of aesthetic or political merit : they are meant to provoke critique and examination of the relative merits and values in different packages of different beer .
Since I ’m surrounded by the boxes all day , I begin to pick up on elements of their design .
Namely , that males and whiteness are constantly normalized within the design of the boxes **:
Excepting the daguerreotype-esque Southern
Ale , all of the men above are shown enjoying the beer , usually while engaging in their daily duties or in making the beer .
The cottonwood man is not actively engaged , but he is holding the wheat that will make the beer , thus conferring involvement in the beer on him .
The Highlands man is somewhat othered by the bagpipes , and I ’m not sure how the man in the Rogue ale is constructed , but both are drinking and enjoying the beer they ’re intended to represent .
They are active and involved – not passive , not just drinking the beer , not just there .
They are constructed as dynamic and effectual as they drink the beer .
And they are all white : men of color are erased in beer packaging as far as I ’ve seen .
Now , let ’s look at the women that show up on the wall :
Women love to drink .
Women love beer .
But you would never know it from their scarce representation in beer packaging .
In the beer packages I ’ve got up , women are not engaged in the act of drinking the beer that they represent .
In fact , they ’re not engaged in anything .
Except opening their mouths , or , um , being on fire .
They ’re… objects .
More specifically , sexual objects that have in most cases been disembodied .
They ’re floating heads , with their mouths open .
It gets worse when you look at how , specifically , the women of color are constructed .
Look at the “ Bad Penny ” packaging above , and this one that I recently saw at a music festival :
The black women are constructed as reductive , exotic others , black women whose sexuality exists for the inebriated male gaze .
It is not a coincidence that both have afros .
Natural hair beautiful and laudatory , but there is only one kind of natural hair here : the style that is often problematized as dangerous and exotic , as another element that makes them an exotic experience for the male drinker .
Their sexuality is especially lacking in agency : the naked woman in the sexual chocolate ads is literally presented as an offering to the male gaze .
She ’s not engaged with the viewer by drinking , or by making eye contact .
She is passive , and coded as naked : she is wearing a tube top , but it ’s obscured by lettering of the same color as the top .
A cartoon figure , she is not active ; she is just there , waiting to be debased .
The “ Bad Penny ” character is making eye contact , but her eyes are heavily lidded , unlike the white women above .
I took the “ bad ” in the name of the beer to be capitalization on blaxploitation by an alcohol company that aligns itself with kyriarchical forces : it ’s the “ Big Boss ” .
If the producer of this beer is the boss , where does that leave the women who hawk it ?
Speaking of othering , let ’s look at another one I found online :
Note again the heavily lidded eyes , the more explicit nudity .
Though she is at least shown to be holding liquid , she ’s not drinking it or enjoying it ; she ’s pandering to the male gaze with an oh - so - subtle finger in her mouth .
This is supposed to construct Aztec culture ( which I am not well - versed in discussing ) .
Please note the feathers , the background , and the jewelry as elements of othering and exoticization that I can’t fully articulate .
Also not that this is not in a stein , as with most males shown with beer , but in some kind of “ primitive ” - looking stone goblet .
Women in the marketing of beer is a grim , grim field .
Beer is a man ’s drink , and women are excluded from independent enjoyment of it .
They are not the drinkers of beer ; they ’re the sex that sells the beer , the static objects of intoxicated lust .
To end on a less grim note , I did come across one ad that struck me as positive :
This woman is not being objectified , or reduced to an othered sexual object .
She is normalized by her whiteness , but also by her active enjoyment of beer .
She ’s drinking , which is what women do with beer .
ETA : meloukhia pointed out this label , which I ’d seen before :
While the legs are somewhat sexual , and her eyes are closed , this woman is engaged and active – she is enjoying the beer , and life .
Check out the comments for more beer packaging and discussion .
* It should be noted that while I appreciate the aesthetics of this example of packaging , this is an example of how voodoo is problematized and othered – especially when paired with a loaded word like “ Dixie ” .
** Many , though not all , of these packages repeat the imagery shown here in packaging of other varieties of beer .
— — — — — — — ——
–
Rachel McCarthy James is a writer and tutor living in Virginia .
She writes about feminism and stuff at Deeply Problematic .
If you would like to write a post for Sociological Images , please see our Guidelines for Guest Bloggers .
Oct. 23 , 2009  --
Some call it a manipulative cult .
Others say it 's a well - established religion that helps people reach their potential .
Since its inception in the 1950s , the Church of Scientology has rarely been far from controversy .
And now the Church is under attack again .
Former senior insiders claim the Church 's current leader , David Miscavige , has created and encouraged a climate of violence within senior staff and was frequently violent himself .
Marty Rathbun was an " Inspector General , " a top lieutenant to David Miscavige , and oversaw the Church 's legal affairs .
" [ Miscavige ] viciously beat him , knocked him to the ground , " said Rathbun , describing one attack .
Amy Scobee was a Church executive who helped expand Scientology 's outreach to celebrities .
" And then [ Miscavige ] knocked him down in his chair .
Um ... to the ground , and he fell down on his back and he was laying on the ground , " she said .
Bruce Hines says he was a high level auditor , a kind of therapeutic counselor .
" [ Miscavige ] just walked up and he hit me on the side of the head ... "
Hines said .
And supporting their allegations is Mike Rinder , who for many years was Scientology 's main spokesman .
He is now speaking out against the Church , the same Church he defended to ABC News in 1998 .
" I think that there is n't a person on this earth that could n't benefit from the teachings of Scientology , " he said at the time .
The Church 's current spokesman is Tommy Davis .
" Nightline " met with Davis at Scientology 's New York Church , where he granted us a rare interview .
" Is Mr. Miscavige violent towards Scientologists and has he been physically violent in the past ? " we asked .
" Absolutely not , " said Davis .
" Absolutely not .
He is not .
He is not and ... it 's not in his character , it 's not in his nature , and it is not the kind of person he is . "
Miscavige spoke at a 2004 Scientology ceremony .
" One quality that has always set us apart is that we are unselfish , " he said .
" Yes we have an utter monopoly on workable solutions , but we share those solutions with anyone who reaches for them . "
In 2004 , Miscavige awarded the Church 's biggest star and his close friend , Tom Cruise , the " Freedom Medal of Valor , " at an elaborate ceremony touting service and good works .
But the private face of Miscavige , according to these former Scientologists , is very different .
" I 'll just say it outright .
I consider him to be a sociopath , " said Hines .
" I think the man 's stark - staring mad , " said Rathbun .
Energetic and charismatic , David Miscavige quickly moved up the ranks after joining the Church , and became outright leader after Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard 's death in 1986 .
Just a few years into his leadership , David Miscavige and Marty Rathbun were battling back against detractors , and after a devastating article in Time magazine , which referred to Scientology as a " thriving cult of greed and power , " they decided to go on the offensive .
" I was very much involved in ... litigation that was goin ' on on ongoing cases , " said Rathbun .
" But also , intelligence side of it . "
Miscavige agreed to appear live on " Nightline " in 1992 .
It remains his only television interview .
" If you really looked at the big picture of what 's happening in Scientology , it is n't really controversial , certainly to a Scientologist , " Miscavige told host Ted Koppel .
The interview included the following exchange :
Koppel :
There 's a little bit of a problem in getting people to talk critically about the Scientology because , quite frankly , they 're scared .
Miscavige : Oh , no , no , no , no .
Koppel : Well , I 'm telling you --
Miscavige : No , no , no , no .
Let me tell you --
Koppel : I 'm telling you people are scared .
Miscavige : Let me explain something to you .
The most disingenuous thing is that you have those people .
Now , let 's not give the American public the wrong impression .
' Utterly , Completely , Totally Ridiculous '
Rathbun described the atmosphere in the studio that day .
" It was pretty -- electric ... " he said .
" Quite frankly , " Miscavige told Koppel , " from my view , a lot of the people who have written stories on Scientology are doing it from a certain pitch , they already have their story somewhat made up . "
But these former senior Scientologists say as Miscavige 's leadership progressed , he became increasingly eccentric .
" He got his beagle and he literally had somebody tailor a blue vest sweater for his beagle dog and made up epaulets , these Sea Org ranks in the Sea Organization , " said Rathbun , referring to the religious order within the Church .
" And he had four stripes put on , captain , for the dog .
And he would bring the dog in .
And if those guys did n't salute the dog , he would just viciously berate them and invalidate them . "
Amy Scobee gave her account .
" [ Miscavige ] comes with his dog , with a sweater , with commander stripes .
And , the dog let out a little bark when she saw me .
And , uh , David Miscavige said , you know ... ' You 've got somethin ' goin ' on .
Because sh ... she is detecting out ethics .
And you have something going on . '
I think what the dog was really saying is , you know , ' You look like the only halfway sane person to me .
Help me outta this outfit . ' "
We asked Davis about the story :
Nightline :
One former member says that Mr. Miscavige had a vest tailored for his dog with epaulets similar to those that would be worn by SeaOrg members , and he would order staffers to salute the dog .
Davis :
That is utterly , completely , totally ridiculous .
Nightline : Your own reaction was one of complete disbelief , I think it 's fair to say .
Davis :
Totally , because it 's unbelievable .
Nightline :
And yet , there are consistencies between individuals who observed the dog , dressed in a particular way ...
Davis : Uh-huh .
Nightline : ... and a particular breed .
Amy Scobee also confirms that Mr. Miscavige would bring his dog around dressed like a uniformed member and if the dog barked , she says , he would suggest that the individual towards whom the dog barked was behaving badly , had some kind of negative problem .
Is that true ?
Davis : I do n't know .
I mean maybe we should have the dog come in here and see if it barks at you , Martin . ( Laughs . )
Marty Rathbun , who spent 27 years in the Church of Scientology , says it was more serious than a uniformed dog .
He says he personally saw its leader , David Miscavige , strike subordinates on numerous occasions , including senior colleague Tom De Vocht .
" Miscavige walks in and goes -- asks Tom some question and there 's the slightest lag in his response , " said Rathbun .
" Miscavige just takes off across the room in front of 80 people and get -- delivered -- just a ... beating to the guy .
I mean , beat him up bad . "
Tom De Vocht , who left the Church in 2005 after 28 years , recounted this event to ABC News , saying David Miscavige hit him , knocked him to the ground and kicked him a number of times .
According to Rathbun , Mike Rinder was also a victim of numerous attacks by Miscavige .
" I saw him ... attack him while he was sitting in a chair and hitting him upside the head , " said Rathbun .
" And then -- in -- and then wrestling him around the neck and ... throwing him to the ground ...
I saw at least a dozen times , this happen . "
Amy Scobee says she also witnessed Miscavige attack Rinder .
" David came right behind him , just out of the blue ... and grabbed him ... around the neck , and was throttling , squeezing hard to the point where David 's face was shaking , and arms were shaking that he was squeezing so hard , " said Scobee .
Mike Rinder , who left the Church in 2007 , corroborated these specific incidents and told ABC News he was the victim of repeated acts of random violence at the hands of Miscavige .
Bruce Hines said he himself was physically struck by Miscavige .
" I had been called up from Los Angeles ... I was kind of in trouble , " said Hines .
" So I 'm sitting there at my desk and so I hear his voice booming out in the hallway ...
He said , ' Where is that mother f*****?' ...
And he just walked up and he hit me on the side of the head .
It was a ... he did n't have a closed fist .
But it was an open hand .
But it was ... it definitely hurt and it definitely knocked me back . "
Why did n't Hines react by hitting back ?
" So say I did that .
He hits me and I just go bam .
And , you know , sock him in the jaw or something .
That would mean , um , I had just forfeited my hope for eternity , " said Hines . " ...
Because it 's drilled in over and over and over again , that Scientology has the only route to freedom . "
So Miscavige has the power over eternity ?
" Yes . "
' I Broke Down '
The Church provided ABC more than a dozen affidavits from current Scientologists , including some of the supposed victims , saying allegations that Miscavige struck subordinates are " false and ridiculous " ... he " is not a man violence . "
Tommy Davis , Scientology 's spokesman , says the former staffers are bitter and disgruntled liars .
Nightline : ... Tom De Vocht has described being personally hit ...
Davis : Tom De Vocht , if he was personally hit , then why in his 20 years of marriage to his wife did he never say anything to her about it ?
...
Why did Mike Rinder , who was married for 35 years , why has his wife made it very clear that never did he come home with any bruises , any marks , nor did he ever mention ever being attacked by Mr. Miscavige , struck or hit by him ?
...
The fact of the matter is , is both Mike Rinder and Marty Rathbun are on record as having denied those exact allegations .
...
Mike Rinder to the BBC stated repeatedly allegations of his ... his having been physically attacked by Mr. Miscavige are , " Rubbish , rubbish , rubbish , rubbish ! "
In 1998 , Rathbun told the St. Petersburg Times , " I have never known David Miscavige in 20 years to hit anyone . "
Nightline : " So , were you lying then , or are you lying now ? "
" Then , " Rathbun insisted .
" Because at the time , I perceived that this guy was -- of the importance that we had to do that .
...
If I told the truth [ at the time ] to a newspaper reporter on something like that ... I could have been expelled from Scientology forever . "
Davis says not only has David Miscavige never been violent towards anyone , he says it was in fact Marty Rathbun himself who was the violent one .
" The only person I know of who was abusive and cruel was Marty Rathbun , " said Davis .
" He was an abusive , cruel , and violent man . "
Rathbun admits he was violent on many occasions , but says it was because Miscavige urged him to be physical , an allegation the Church denies .
" I have admitted that I have engaged in stuff , " he said .
" ... It was n't in my nature , whatsoever . "
" [ Miscavige ] created an environment where he was getting others to do the same , " said Rathbun .
" And I broke down and I punched Mike Rinder pretty hard a couple of times .
... a man I had known for decades ...
And that 's precisely the thing .
It made me feel terrible .
It made me sick to my stomach . "
Mike Rinder corroborated to ABC
News that he was a victim of abuse at the hands of Rathbun .
But violence , according to Bruce Hines , was n't the only tool used to discipline staff .
" I was assigned to the ... Rehabilitation Project Force it 's called , " said Hines .
" Or generally known as the RPF . "
The RPF is a disciplinary program for Sea Org members , which Hines says includes manual labor and intensive counseling .
" The question they ask -- Was there an evil purpose or a destructive intention that prompted you to commit that overt ? "
Hines said .
" After many hours of this you start to come up with things like , ' Oh , really ... I guess I must really want to destroy mankind . '
Phew , think about that .
Six years of that was a lot . "
Davis described the program .
" It is a ... a program that , uh , members of the Church 's religious order , uh , do voluntarily and are given the opportunity to do if , uh , they 're found to have failed in their duties , " he said .
Hines says when he was in the RPF there were periods of time when he could not see his son .
" In this case , the child -- where the RPF was also where the school was .
... I would get to see him sort of run by in the distance sometimes , " said Hines .
" And we could kind of wave to each other .
But I 'm not allowed to actually talk to him . "
We asked Tommy Davis what the Church 's current policy is on the RPF and family .
Nightline :
If somebody is married and they 're sent to the RPF
Davis : Uh-huh .
Nightline : ... are there controls placed on how much they can see their family ?
Davis :
Uh , there ... there 's ... there 's specific policies which apply to the Rehabilitation Project Force , which govern , uh , how the person doing the program , uh , you know , what they do , what their schedule is .
Nightline :
And how much time in a week would an individual be allowed to see their family in the schedule ?
Davis :
Oh , I do n't know .
I do n't know off the top of my head .
Nightline : Once a week ?
Davis : Probably , yeah , I would imagine once a week would ... sounds about right .
Yeah .
Nightline : Does that sound appropriate ...
Davis : ... I think so .
Yeah .
Sure .
During his time in the RPF , Bruce Hines says he received some sad news about his marriage .
" I was married to another Sea Org member who was not in the RPF , and she decided she wanted to divorce me , " said Hines .
" This was very , very common .
Someone in the RPF , their spouse would divorce them because ... they would receive pressure to do it . "
The Church says it does not pressure couples to divorce .
Bruce Hines left the Church in 2003 .
He and his son , who also left , say they are considered to be suppressive people by the Church -- a Scientology term for " antisocial personalities . "
As a result , they say close family members still in the Church are no longer talking to them .
" I have two nieces who live in Clearwater , Fla. , who wo n't talk to me , " said Hines .
" My sister 's former husband , he wo n't talk to me .
And my son , he was born in the Sea Org , he can't speak to his brother or his mother because they refuse it .
He 's out , he 's now left .
And because of that , he 's suppressive and so they ... they 're required to disconnect . "
Hines ' ex-wife told ABC
News she disconnected from him and their son because she did n't want to have anything to do with anyone who lied about her Church .
Scientology told us they never force anyone to disconnect .
' I Cannot Stand to Watch This '
Marty Rathbun says he decided to end his long career in the Church of Scientology after he saw a longtime friend , Tom De Vocht , was attacked by David Miscavige .
" I swear to you , " said Rathbun .
" I was there and I was -- it was that moment of truth for me where I either am going to put this guy 's lights out for good or I 'm gonna remove myself from the environment so I do n't .
And that literally was what was going through my head .
I can not stand to watch this .
I cannot live with this anymore . "
Before the accusers left , Davis says , they were removed from their positions of responsibility .
" These are all people who were removed either by Mr. Miscavige or by their peers for gross ... misconduct and malfeasance in their positions , " Davis said .
" We were glad that they were gone .
And , on top of that , the Church has literally taken off explosively since they were gone , and frankly for a ... to a large extent , because they 're gone . "
Since leaving the Church , Marty Rathbun has said little about his experience -- until he gave a series of interviews to the St. Petersburg Times in Florida , published this summer .
Rathbun has set up a Web site inviting other Scientologists to make contact if they too are considering defection , or have already left .
He lives in an obscure location ... far away from the power centers of the Church .
What would he like to see happen to Miscavige ?
" I would like to see him cease , cease his continuing abuses , " said Rathbun .
As for punishment ?
" I think he should have to pay the piper for what he 's done and what punishment that is , I do n't know , " said Rathbun .
" Maybe the greatest punishment is the self - inflicted punishment of the recognition -- of what he 's done . "
Click HERE for the St. Petersburg Times ' special report on Scientology leader David Miscavige .
If you look at the sheer scale of global stimulus this year , what shocks is how little has been achieved .
China 's exports were down 23 pc in August ; Japan 's were down 36 pc ; industrial production has dropped by 23 pc in Japan , 18 pc in Italy , 17 pc in Germany , 13 pc in France and Russia and 11 pc in the US .
Suspended shock jock Kyle Sandilands has more problems brewing .
His chart - topping radio show has taken a huge hit on Nielsen 's radio ratings , released today .
The ratings were taken from June 28 to September 5 .
Sydney 's 2Day FM breakfast show lost more listeners than any other radio show in Sydney or Melbourne for the period .
The show went from commanding a 12 per cent share of Sydney breakfast listeners to just 9.8 per cent , a drop of approximately 18 per cent in total listening audience .
IntelliJ IDEA Open Sourced
Posted on by
I believe you ’ll like this announcement — IntelliJ IDEA has just gone open - source !
Check out the press release as well as the new jetbrains.org community site for the details .
We all will soon get a lot of new friends and colleagues in our IntelliJ IDEA community !
Starting with the upcoming version 9.0 , IntelliJ IDEA will be offered in two editions : Community Edition and Ultimate Edition .
The Community Edition focuses on Java SE technologies , Groovy and Scala development .
It ’s free of charge and open - sourced under the Apache 2.0 license .
The Ultimate edition with full Java EE technology stack remains our standard commercial offering .
See the feature comparison matrix for the differences .
Briefly , in the free Community Edition you ’ll get all the Java code support — various refactorings and code inspections , coding assistance ; debugging , TestNG and JUnit testing ; CVS , Subversion and Git support ; Ant and Maven build integration ; and Groovy and Scala support ( through a separate plugin ) .
To learn more and download the Public Preview of IntelliJ IDEA 9 Community Edition , please visit the IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition site .
The IntelliJ platform , the common foundation for all our IDEs ( IDEA , RubyMine , WebIDE or MPS ) , is being open - sourced under the APL 2.0 , too .
You ’ll find all the relevant information on how to participate and benefit at JetBrains.org .
Check out the FAQ if you have additional questions .
Posted September 26 , 2009 by smcinvestmentindia in Banking , Brokerage , budget , Business , Capital Market , capitals , Commodity market , Commodity Trading , Company , Distribution of Mutual Funds & IPOs , Economics , Enviroment , Equity & Derivative Trading , Finance , financial planning , General , Global warming , India corporate world , Investment , IPO , Merchant Banking , Mutual Funds , Private Equity , securities , share market , smc capitals , SMC Depository , SMC Research Based Advisory Services , Stock , tax , Trading , Wealth .
Tagged : America , bank , capital , capital markets , China , economic slowdown , economies , financial industry , G - 20 Summit , G - 5 , G - 8 , global economy , global recession , india , Pittsburgh summit , pittsburgh summit 2009 , recession , United States , world , world 's economic output .
1 Comment
For the world , apparently , eight is no longer enough .
😉
The G - 8 group of powerhouse economies , which expanded from the original G - 5 one by one over three decades , stepped off center stage Friday with the ascension of the G - 20 into the role of overseeing the global economy .
🙂
The Group of 20 will take on the role of caretakers of the global economy .
The shift toward multilateral decision - making is sure to please some emerging economies — China and India in particular — and irritate those Americans who believe the United States should n’t be handing off its power to international institutions .
🙂
Heading into the second day of a summit aimed at ensuring the world economy emerges from its worst recession in generations with better safeguards against another crisis , the G20 also vowed to keep emergency economic support in place until a recovery is secured , according to the draft obtained by Reuters .
🙂
The document said G20 countries had a “ responsibility to the community of nations to assure the overall health of the global economy ” and pledged to try to secure next year a deal in long - running world trade talks .
🙂
Larger G - 20 would take over — a council that , by simple virtue of a membership that unites more than 80 percent of the global economy , and would be a force to be reckoned with .
🙂
The group , which also accounts for 90 per cent of the world ’s economic output , also agreed to rein in financial industry excesses that triggered the credit crisis two years ago , and to tighten rules on how much capital banks must have to absorb losses .
The new rules aimed at improving the quality and amount of capital should be ready by the end of 2010 and will be phased in in the following two years , the draft said .
Sen .
Chuck Schumer will call for an amendment that would remove the long - standing antitrust exemption for insurers .
Dems launch attack on insurers
The long - simmering tension between insurers and congressional Democrats is erupting into open warfare , with lawmakers stepping up their push to revoke a key federal protection for the insurance industry .
Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) on Wednesday called for an amendment to the health care reform bill that would remove the long - standing antitrust exemption for insurers , echoing a push by other Democrats to crack down on the industry .
Advertisement
“ The health insurance ’s antitrust exemption is one of the worst accidents of American history , " Schumer said .
" It deserves a lot of the blame for the huge rise in premiums that has made health insurance so unaffordable .
It is time to end this special status and bring true competition to the health insurance industry . "
Sen .
Patrick Leahy , chairman of the Judiciary Committee , introduced a bill last month to remove the anti-trust exemption and convened a hearing Wednesday , where Schumer called for eliminating the exemption as part of the health bill working its way through Congress .
Schumer 's push comes on the heels of a controversial industry - sponsored report released over the weekend that makes the case that insurance premiums will go up by as much as $ 4,000 per family by 2019 if the Senate Finance Committee legislation is signed into law .
The release of that report by the industry group America ’s Health Insurance Plans sparked angry blowback from Democrats in both chambers .
Top Democrats in the House also floated the idea during a meeting among party leaders Tuesday evening in Speaker Nancy Pelosi ’s Capitol suite , someone present said afterward .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) added his support to repealing the exemption at the Leahy hearing .
“ It ’s something that should have been done a long time ago , ” Reid said .
As for insurance companies , “ There is n’t anything we could do to satisfy them in this health care bill .
Nothing , ” Reid said .
“ They are so anti-competitive .
Why ?
Because they make more money than any other business in America today .
. . . What a sweet deal they have . ”
The exemption , known as McCarran - Ferguson , cedes regulatory control of the industry , on the business side , to individual states .
But repealing the antitrust exemption would give the federal government more authority to oversee the business side of health insurance companies — something states now have the sole authority to monitor .
And the push by Reid and Schumer signals that Democrats are planning to intensify their efforts to paint insurance companies as the villains in the health reform fight , something that could prove useful as President Barack Obama and others try to rally a skeptical public around a sweeping health reform measaure .
But the idea has been raised before , and Leahy said Wednesday he scheduled the hearing before AHIP released its report .
" I guess the insurance industry is stirring the pot , " Schumer said , in response to suggestions from the industry that Leahy called the hearing in retaliation .
" Maybe because the insurance industry blundered so badly on Monday , it gives us greater chance to pass it . "
Health insurance officials dismissed the effort as a “ political ploy . ”
“ Health insurance is one of the most regulated industries in America at both the federal and state level , ” said Robert Zirkelbach , a spokesman for America ’s Health Insurance Plans .
“ McCarran - Ferguson has nothing to do with competition in the health insurance market .
The focus on this issue is a political ploy designed to distract attention away from the real issue of rising health care costs . ”
Still , the push is likely to gather momentum as Democrats try to find a way to lash back at the insurance industry — whose report was viewed as a last - minute attempt to scuttle health care reform just days before Tuesday ’s critical Senate Finance Committee vote .
The legislation there was approved 14 - 9 , with Republican Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine voting yes and giving reform efforts a boost .
Leahy ’s bill would repeal the exemption established in the 1945 McCarran - Ferguson
Act for any companies engaged in price fixing or bid rigging — which are both already illegal .
He has introduced similar legislation in other Congresses , including a broader repeal of the underlying law .
Reid is a co-sponsor of the current bill .
In the House , where Democratic leaders are exploring the issue further , Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers ( D - Mich . ) has introduced legislation that would essentially end McCarran - Ferguson and give the federal government the right to regulate insurers at the national level .
PORTSMOUTH — Al Wright has seen inmates act up to avoid being released during the harsh New Hampshire winters , but it was only recently the 28 - year corrections veteran got two letters from individuals politely requesting an extended stay behind bars .
Wright , the superintendent of Rockingham County House of Corrections , says spending time in his jail is n't fun , but he is n't surprised that a tough economy has some inmates reluctant to be released during a time when jobs are few and temperatures are dropping .
The jail superintendent said he recently received letters from two inmates requesting they be kept in jail despite them having served out their court - ordered sentences .
Wright said the letters essentially asked : " Can I stay the winter ? "
" My take on it is the economy is dumping so far that jail is n't looking as bad , " Wright said .
Wright said the inmates requesting an extended stay at the Brentwood facility have been denied .
" It 's not a homeless shelter .
I can only hold people on legal orders from the court , " he said .
Wright has worked in corrections for 28 years and said it is n't uncommon for some inmates to try and avoid release directly before or during winters that present challenges for those who often have little or no money , few family connections and a criminal record that makes it more difficult for them to gain employment .
" They have it against them to start with because they have a misdemeanor or felony ( on their records ) , " Wright said .
The superintendent said inmates will sometimes violate jail rules in an attempt to avoid being released , but he said the two who recently wrote him letters appear to be part of a new population who are taking a more direct method of trying to stay behind bars .
Wright said media accounts of the two inmates who wrote letters have led some to question if his prison is too easy on those serving time on criminal convictions .
He said his jail is anything but " soft , " but noted state law requires all corrections departments to provide for basic human needs .
Wright said the 350 inmates at Rockingham County jail get a roof over their head , three meals a day and a clean place to stay while they are prepared for reintroduction into society .
He said the above amenities in jail are basic , but are probably viewed as a better alternative to living on the streets — especially during winter .
" It 's not a desirable place where the average person would want to live , but ( the jails ) are clean , safe , well - lit and very modern compared to when I started , " Wright said .
The superintendent said Rockingham County works with inmates to help them become self - sufficient once they are released with programs designed to help find them shelter , work and assure they are getting substance abuse treatment .
However , he said some inmates prefer the relative safety of being in jail until warmer weather returns as being free presents no guarantees .
Wright said he anticipates seeing more of the same thing if the economy continues to slump .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) -
An Israeli soldier held captive for the past three years by the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas smiled briefly and looked healthy in a two - minute Hamas video handed over to Israel on Friday .
Gilad Shalit , abducted in 2006 , was shown holding up a copy of the Arabic - language newspaper “ Palestine ” dated September 14 , in a classic “ proof of life ” gesture by Hamas in return for the release of 20 Palestinian women from prison in Israel .
Wearing olive fatigues and seated in a plastic chair against a white background , the 23 - year - old soldier read out a statement in Hebrew .
His voice was subdued but he appeared calm and healthy .
He was clean - shaven and his hair was trimmed .
In the video , released to broadcasters , he said he was being “ treated excellently ” by his captors .
“ I have been hoping and waiting for a long time for the day I will be released , and hope that the current government headed by Benjamin Netanyahu will not now waste the opportunity to conclude the deal , ” he said .
He peered over the blue - bannered top of the newspaper as the camera zoomed in for a close - up to show the masthead and date .
Shalit ’s father , Noam , later read a statement to reporters saying the family expected Netanyahu “ to bring about Gilad ’s release as speedily as possible regardless of today ’s confirmation of him being alive . ”
CHEERS FOR PRISON BABY
The video was handed over in exchange for Israel ’s release of Palestinian women serving jail terms under two years .
One prisoner , the only one released to Gaza , brought home a 20 - month - old boy born in prison .
Hundreds of people waving the green Hamas flag , the black banners of Islamic Jihad and Palestinian national colors joined a vehicle convoy as it entered Gaza City , sirens blaring .
The baby was snatched from Fatima al - Zaq ’s arms in a media frenzy and borne overhead to Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh , who held him up wailing in front of the crowd .
“ We feel wonderful , ” said her husband Mohammed , a member of Islamic Jihad .
“ People are celebrating with us , from all factions ... the prisoners ’ release unites us . ”
Slideshow ( 11 images )
There were also welcome parties in the West Bank , run by Hamas ’s rival Fatah , as the factions briefly set aside their struggle for control of the Palestinian national movement .
President Mahmoud Abbas , of Fatah , greeted the women with flowers .
And in Gaza , Haniyeh told the crowd welcoming Fatima and Youssef al - Zaq : “ I see the Palestinian people today united behind this step . ”
He said he hoped the swap would be “ a step on the way to freeing our men and women prisoners from occupation jails ( and ) a step toward Palestinian reconciliation . ”
Slideshow ( 11 images )
NETANYAHU “ ENCOURAGED ”
The exchange with Hamas , brokered by German and Egyptian diplomacy , is seen as a step toward a major Palestinian prisoner release and freedom for Shalit , priorities for both sides since his capture in a cross - border raid in June 2006 .
“ Although the path to his release is still long and difficult , the knowledge that he is healthy encourages us all , ” Netanyahu was quoted as saying by his spokesman Nir Hefetz .
“ The prime minister believes the video is important because it confirms Gilad Shalit ’s condition and places total responsibility for Gilad ’s well - being on Hamas , ” Hefetz added .
Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman later told Channel 1 television in an interview that the “ government will do everything in order to release Gilad Shalit in a considered , wise and responsible manner . ”
Many Palestinians have relatives or friends among the more than 10,000 Palestinians imprisoned in Israel ; and many Israeli families whose sons and daughters serve in the conscript army identify readily with Shalit ’s parents .
Shalit served in a tank unit and was captured when Hamas gunmen tunneled into Israel from Gaza and killed two of his fellow soldiers .
Two attackers were also killed .
“ I want to send regards to my family and to tell them that I love them and miss them very much and yearn for the day that I will see them again , ” he said in the video .
Referring to a photograph his family could quickly identify , he asked if his father and two siblings “ remember the day you arrived at my base on the Golan Heights on 31-12-2005 . ”
“ We did a tour around the base and you photographed me on a Merkava tank , ” Shalit said .
“ I want to tell you that I am feeling well in terms of health and that the mujahideen from the Izz - el - Deen - al - Qassam brigades are treating me excellently .
Shalit ’s parents had until now had received only a few letters and an audio tape from their son , who has not been allowed Red Cross visits .
They have campaigned unrelentingly for his freedom but made no statement on Friday .
Starting in the 1990s several different types of journals could be found on the Internet .
But not till we reached the very end of the 1900s was the word blog introduced into our life .
It was first used in 1999 on peterme.com — in a joking manner he broke up the word weblog into “ we blog ” .
Now 10 years latter we have over 100 million blogs .
In this interesting video with Seth Godin and Tom Peters they discuss the benefits of blogging .
How it has become a micro publishing platform .
How it forces us to become part the discussion that is out there .
“ It ’s the best marketing tool that he has ever had … and it ’s free . ” said Tom Peters
Guy Kawasaki said earlier this year that he thinks Twitter is the best marketing tool ever .
“ You get to them free , fast , and often .
Can you get that from a Super Bowl ad ? ”
Some will find their blog or twitter the best tool for marketing .
For others they may not work so well .
The key is to find that customer .
It could be through word - of - mouth , good product reviews , facebook , but if you depend on your blog to bring traffic , you need to be consistent with some good content .
ISTANBUL -- Rising global securities prices reduced the International Monetary Fund 's estimate of bank losses , but banks around the world -- especially in Europe -- still are likely to face additional write - downs of $ 1.5 trillion by the end of next year , the IMF said .
Overall , the IMF calculates that the global financial crisis will produce $ 3.4 trillion in losses for financial institutions , between 2007 and 2010 , a chunk of which already has been recognized .
That estimate is $ 600 billion less than the IMF forecast in April , ...
do Campo & Thornton , P.A. has earned a reputation for groundbreaking , high - impact litigation .
Whether acting as lead plaintiffs ’ counsel and winning multiple 8 figure judgments , bringing whistle - blower qui tam actions , or mounting a federal criminal defense of Medicare fraud , mortgage fraud , narcotics trafficking , money laundering or extradition , the civil and criminal defense attorneys of do Campo & Thornton , P.A. are known for handling high profile , high impact cases .
They bring the same spirit of justice fighting for the legal rights of all their clients .
The results speak for themselves : over $ 100 million in verdicts , and multiple acquittals for their clients .
OTTAWA – A year after Prime Minister Stephen Harper dismissed galas as the playground of elites , he decided to ham it up a bit at a glittering high society event in Ottawa Saturday .
Harper took to the stage , sat down at a grand piano and belted out the Beatles ' " With a Little Help from My Friends . "
He was performing for one of the most elite of audiences : the black - tie gala at the National Arts Centre traditionally attracts the most powerful people in Ottawa society and movers and shakers in Canadian culture .
Renowned cellist Yo Yo Ma accompanied Beatles fan Harper .
The prime minister held his own musically , and the audience , succumbing to the playful spirit of the surprise guest appearance , rewarded him with a standing ovation .
Harper 's wife , Laureen , is the honorary chairwoman of the NAC gala , which raises money for arts education – this year 's tally coming to some $ 575,000 .
And though the prime appeared to enjoy himself immensely , he chose not to linger in the limelight , and left the building before the curtain came down on the gala .
Harper 's dismissive attitude toward culture and the arts was blamed , in large part , for his party 's poor showing in Quebec in the 2008 election .
His stage act may have been timely , because on Sunday Harper is expected to call four federal bye - elections for November , including two in Quebec , one in Nova Scotia and one in British Columbia .
Read more about :
Oh , you ’re a wizard Harry !
Now that you know that , we ’re going to sweep you away to a secret magical land where serious illnesses can be healed with the wave of a hand , fires can be extinguished by uttering a few words , and travel can be instantaneous !
Is n’t that grand ?
But remember !
You mus n’t tell the non-magical people , who have had to work their fingers to the bone and stretch the limits of their knowledge to accomplish things that do n’t even come close .
Share this magic ?
Ha !
Fuck the rest of the world .
Neubau im finnischen Olkiluoto : Areva-Siemens wird sein
Akw zu teuer
Ein Atomreaktor zum Festpreis von drei Milliarden Euro – ein Dumpingpreis .
Das deutsch - französische Baukonsortium Areva -Siemens hat sich offenbar verrechnet .
STOCKHOLM taz | Wegen Milliardenverlusten beim Bau eines Atomreaktors im finnischen Olkiluoto droht jetzt der französische Atomtechnikkonzern Areva mit einem Baustopp .
Areva wolle den bestehenden Vertrag umverhandeln , teilte Konzernchefin Anne Lauvergeon am Montag bei der Präsentation der Areva - Halbjahresbilanz in Paris mit .
" Und erst mit den Schlussphasen der Arbeit beginnen , wenn TVO den Vorschlägen zugestimmt hat " , sagte sie .
Im Klartext will Areva einen Vertrag brechen .
Der finnische Stromkonzern Teollisuuden Voima Oy ( TVO ) hatte mit dem damaligen Baukonsortium Framatome - Siemens - jetzt : Areva -Siemens - 2004 einen " Turn - key " - Vertrag geschlossen : ein schlüsselfertiger Atomreaktor zum Festpreis von drei Milliarden Euro .
Das war schon damals ein Dumpingpreis .
Aber die Reaktorbauer wollten unbedingt das erste westeuropäische Neubauprojekt nach der Tschernobyl - Katastrophe haben , um darauf als Referenzobjekt hinzuweisen .
Doch das Areva - Siemens - Konsortium bekam weder die Kosten noch das Bauprojekt in den Griff .
Eigentlich sollte der Reaktor in diesem Herbst ans Netz gehen .
Zuletzt war von 2012 oder 2013 die Rede , denn von Anfang an gab es Verzögerungen .
Weil die Baupläne noch gar nicht richtig fertig waren , weil es zu Baumängeln kam , von billigen , aber unerfahrenen Subunternehmen permanent gepfuscht wurde und weil die finnische Bauaufsicht deshalb die Neuausführung von Arbeiten verlangte .
Es wird geschätzt , dass der auf drei Milliarden kalkulierte Neubau Areva - Siemens mittlerweile schon 5,4 Milliarden Euro kostet .
Weitere Rückstellungen für die erwarteten Olkiluoto - Verluste in Höhe von über einer halben Milliarde Euro waren auch der Hintergrund der jetzigen Baustopp - Drohung von Konzern - Chefin Lauvergeon .
" Wir haben einen Festpreis vereinbart " , verwies Jouni Silvennoinen , TVOs Olkiluoto - Projektleiter , am Dienstag auf den geltenden Vertrag .
Doch über dessen Auslegung wird seit Monaten vor einem Schiedsgericht in Paris gestritten .
Ein nicht öffentlicher Prozess , so dass die Argumentation der Reaktorbauer , mit der sie sich aus dem Vertrag herausstehlen wollen , nicht bekannt ist .
Laut finnischer Medieninformationen argumentiert Areva aber , " übertriebene " Sicherheitsauflagen der finnischen Strahlenschutzbehörde und ein deshalb viel " zu pingeliger " Bauherr TVO seien für einen Großteil von Verspätungen und Doppelarbeit verantwortlich .
Deshalb sollten die Finnen trotz Festpreisklausel diese Kosten tragen .
Da Areva nun mit dem Baustopp droht , könnte das darauf hindeuten , dass der Konzern mit dieser Argumentation vor Gericht nicht so recht erfolgreich ist .
This is a presentation by Dr. David Korowicz from Feasta , given at the Oil Drum / ASPO Conference at Alcatraz , Italy in June 2009 .
It can be downloaded here :
Things fall apart :
Some thoughts on complexity , supply chains , infrastructure & collapse dynamics , PDF 23 slides , 1.3 MB , text of spoken presentation .
Slide 2 : Poem
This poem by W.B. Yeats inspired my talk 's title .
Slide 3 : A 16,000 thousand year switch
Suppose I were to take your new born infant , and by some magic transport her back through 16,000 years to a cave in what is now Lascaux in south - western France .
Let 's swap your baby with a baby born to a Neolithic mother .
There is no reason to believe that in time both children would not turn out to be well - adjusted , unremarkable members of their respective communities .
Genetically they are the same .
What is clearly different is the world in which they would have to make their way .
Slide 4 : Triad / Civilisation
What shaped our modern world is our hunter gatherer minds , and the growth in complexity and size of human society and infrastructure facilitated by access to increasing energetic and material resources .
We could say that civilisation is the emergent feature of these interactions .
Slide 5 : Title page Thermodynamics of Civilisation
This lecture will focus on the complexity part , but the other elements are always close by .
Slide 6 : Far - from equilibrium thermodynamics
In the universe as a whole , entropy , or disorder is increasing .
Yet life , our civilisation , the things and institutions we create are ordered .
We create islands of low entropy out of the tendency to universal disorder .
To see this we can look at the simple example of a Bernard cell .
The molecules in the liquid between the hot and cold plate are moving randomly in all directions .
Any one part of the liquid is the same as any other part .
As we increase the temperature gradient , we arrive at a point where suddenly there appears lots of convection cells .
This phase transition corresponds to the emergence of lots of order and structure within the system .
While the cells themselves are low entropy , we see in the graph that the transition corresponds to a big increase in the rate at which heat is dissipated .
Heat is the most disordered ( high entropy ) form of energy .
The dissipation is into the environment outside the experiment .
In general locally ordered structures enhance the flow of general disorder and so such structures are thermodynamically stable - as long as there is a continuous flow of free energy through the system .
If we reduce the flow of free energy that allows us to maintain the gradient below the critical threshold , the order disappears .
Our civilisation expresses these thermodynamic realities .
Far - from - equilibrium thermodynamics gives us a way to view the consequences of what reducing the flow of free energy that is required to build and maintain our society might mean in practice .
Slide 7 : Energy Rate Density
Eric Chaisson has , using simple thermodynamic relations , associated energy per unit time per unit mass with complexity .
In this graph he has taken the overview of our ' cosmic history ' as one of increasing complexity .
Complexity is not a goal of life , merely the result of increasing free energy stores being accessible .
Complex humans share the universe with far far more less complex things .
Slide 8 : Resources used in Manufacturing Processes .
It is a cliché , though true , to say that life has become more complex .
We can see this in the products we produce .
This figure shows the energy used per unit mass graphed against process rate of various manufacturing processes .
The processes range from manufacturing processes used half a century ago , up to modern semi-conductor and nanotechnology manufacture .
What we see is that we are making much more energy intensive products , of much smaller size .
The most modern commercial processes are forming distinctive structures on the scale of only tens of atoms .
Let us take advanced semiconductors as our standard barer of complexity .
They form the basis of our telecommunications and information processes , being as the basis of mobile phones and their network infrastructure ; computers and their network infrastructure ; they run our power grids and car electronics , medical equipment and games consoles .
A 32 MB DRAM chip would now be considered archaic , but we see that its 2 grams require 1700g of resources .
One expects that contemporary Very Large Scale Integration ( VLSI ) chips require vastly more resources .
Again , all of this reflects the thermodynamic reality that the cost for higher complexity on smaller and smaller scales must be paid in increasing energetic and material resources .
Slide 9 : Complexity & the Global Economy
We can see complexity in the number and depth of interactions , numbers of products , the complexity of products , the number of institutions , and the number of specialised roles and their knowledge base .
The remarkable thing about our economy is that it works .
Each day I buy bread .
The person who sold me that bread need not know from whom the wheat was bought , who manufactured the mixer , or who provided export credit insurance for the bulk wheat shipment .
The person who delivered the bread to the shop did not need to know who refined his diesel , who invented the polymer for his gasket , or if I personally have money to pay for bread .
The steel company did not know that a small manufacturer of bread mixers would use its product , nor cared where its investment came from .
The process required to simply give me tasty and affordable bread , required , depending on the system boundaries , thousands , millions , even hundreds of millions of people acting in a coherent manner .
There was no master organiser , nor could there be , given the complexity of the process .
From each of us playing our own small part , through the market and price system , the global economy emerges .
The global economy , like the formation of birds in flight , is self - organised .
The number of products , their complexity ; and the increased infrastructure required to manage elements of the increasingly complex world in which we live all require more complex supply - chains that are required to transform raw materials into products and services that criss - cross the globe .
It is said that a car has about 15,000 components .
If each of those components has on average 150 components ( 1 % ) , and each of those 1.5 components , that makes over 3 million interactions - and we have not included staff , plants , production lines , IT and financial systems .
And as things and infrastructure wear out , that 's the laws of thermodynamics working again , these supply - chains are required not just to grow the global economy but to maintain it .
In a world of growing population with increased consumption demands , the tendency to complexify will remain a huge driver as new problems and challenges arise .
Well it would , were it not for the ecological limits to growth .
Slide 10 : Evolution of complexity
As Joseph Tainter has so well demonstrated , societies are problem solving organisations , developing the easiest solutions first .
That could be simple , e.g. the need to make bread ; or it could be complex , e.g. putting in a renewable energy infrastructure .
As new solutions are introduced they co-adapt and co-evolve with what is already in place .
Where they provide some new good or service we like , or provide some new efficiency they spread more quickly through our society .
However we see declining marginal returns in our investments in complexity .
This can be seen across the board , for energy , metals , agricultural productivity etc .
It is something that society finds hard to understand .
The more complex human , institutional , and infrastructural resources we throw at a problem , the more confirmed we are in our potency as problem solvers .
But consider the cutting edge of physics in 1897 , the discovery of the electron by J.J. Thompson .
It was performed on a laboratory bench , and would have required the services of a master glass blower and a couple of other crafts people .
Now consider the Large Hadron Collider , the cutting edge of modern physics which requires over 20 km of tunnels under the French - Swiss border ; 72 twenty ton magnets , and thousands of highly trained direct staff - to find ( possibly ) another particle , the Higgs boson .
We see a similar story in drug discovery .
Alexander Flemming discovered penicillin in the 1920's for a cost in the order of tens of thousands of euros , with a huge return to human welfare .
Now we spend hundreds of millions on making minor improvements to drugs that have minimal benefits for humanity .
Slide 11 : Analogy : An adaptive landscape ...
We can look at an analogy of these processes .
This figure shows us at a moment , represented by the red triangle , faced with choices in the x-y plane .
The problem , say putting in renewable energy infrastructure , has an energy & resource cost represented by the height of the mountain , represented by the cross here .
What we tend to concentrate upon is this cost .
However we must also consider the ground beneath our feet - this is the implied infrastructure which includes all those things we take for granted but are essential to the project 's completion .
These might include the availability of a financial market ; that supply - chains work ; that contracts can be enforced ; that transport systems work , really the list is endless .
In total , our implied infrastructure is the accumulation of all the complex organisation and infrastructure up to this point in time , throughout global society , without which , the project cannot succeed .
While most concentrate upon the trip to the summit , the real problem is that the ground is about to crumble beneath our feet .
Slide 12 : Supply - Chains and infrastructure title page
Slide 13 : Supply - Chains
Let 's zoom in on a little piece of a supply - chain and see the essential components .
One of the defining features is that we can change suppliers for economic or other reasons , we can substitute S for S ' .
This means we can loose suppliers in a supply - chain , and the market system allows us to find new ones easily .
This can allow us to manage risk .
Indeed the system is so efficient that many companies hold virtually no stock and can partake of the efficiencies provided by just - in - time delivery .
If we zoom out and look over the whole supply - chain networks we see that some nodes are essential to the functioning of the whole .
Virtually all financial transactions are mediated by banks .
If there were a systemic collapse in the banking system , the supply - chain would collapse also as there is no direct substitute available .
We saw such a shudder in the system in late 2008 after Lehman Brothers collapsed .
Banks would not issue the letters of credit required for international trade as they did not trust counter - party banks .
One reason for the 90 % drop in the Baltic Dry Shipping Index was due to a temporary freezing of such financing .
In the parlance of network theory , the banking system is a hub .
On the basis of our previous discussion , and intuitively it makes sense I think to say :
More complex things have longer and deeper supply - chains .
They have more substitutable components - i.e. there are very few alternative suppliers of advanced integrated circuits , compared to the number of suppliers of say , plastic moulding , or cardbord boxes .
They are more resource and implied infrastructure dependent .
Slide 14 : Map of the origins of base materials required for a mobile phone .
This is a nice map showing the origin of the base materials required for the manufacture of a mobile phone .
For each element this is only the beginning of a long journey that will directly involve thousands of enterprises before the phone ever appears in your hand .
The implied infrastructure would be the networks of international trade and finance that facilitates this ; and the availability of complex mining technologies .
Slide 15 : Infrastructure
What has evolved is that we have put these most complex components and infrastructures at the heart of our most critical systems .
To see this process we imagine that suddenly all our IT systems , introduced over the last 15 years , stopped working .
The result would not be to return us to where we were just before their introduction .
Many people would become uncontactable , records would disappear , business and commerce would be in crisis .
Our banking system , airline transport , stock markets would fail .
The electric grid would go down .
For most , work would become difficult or impossible .
The little cash we had would be spent , but could not be replaced as banking systems would fail .
We could not buy food and there would be reduced food within the economy .
The ability of state to manage the crisis would be greatly impaired .
Within days we could see major social unrest .
How is it that a series of developments only 15 years old , could if suddenly removed cause such chaos , after all we were fine without it ?
Well we have seen some of the answers in how complex systems evolve .
The continuous functioning of our supply - chains ( particularly in the case of food where just - in - time delivery and globalised sourcing means modern cities could be days away from a food crisis ) ; financial and banking system ; telecommunications ; energy systems , and transport have become increasingly integrated and co-dependent .
A serious failure in one could cause a cascading failure in the others .
What has helped make such systems viable is that they are being cross-subsidised throughout the whole economy .
The resource required to build and maintain such complex infrastructure require that we buy games consoles , send superfluous text messages , listen to iPods , and watch YouTube .
The short lifetime and rapid turnover of mobile phones , computers , servers , and network infrastructure are often presented as an upgrade to new technologies and services .
This may be so , however a level of throughput is required to keep the system functional .
Internally , because more complex structures will tend to fail more rapidly than less complex ones ( for thermodynamic reasons , though built - in obsolescence may also play a part ) .
Externally , because of the economies of scale require that such complex and resource intensive components must be produced continuously in quantity .
In this sense we are upgrading just to sustain the basic functionality of the systems upon which we have grown increasingly reliant .
Slide 16 Collapse
Here are a couple of definitions of collapse .
It 's what we 'll talk about now .
It is I hope clear from what we have said that complexity and energy flows are inextricably linked , and that a draw - down in such flows are most likely to lead to abrupt changes rather than continuous changes in complexity .
Slide 17 : Energy decline & energy budgeted
Here is a familiar Gaussian plot of oil production , we have also an account for declining EROEI , giving us the net energy available to society .
Ignore the actual figures , this is just for illustrative purposes .
As we 'll see in a moment talking about a money budget in such circumstances is likely to be very problematic , but we could talk of an energy budget for a country .
Each of those sections represent energy spent on health - care , general administration , running businesses , schools , and investment , for example .
Well the first thing is as net energy declined , each sector would be under increasing pressure to maintain basic operations .
Investing in conventional or renewable energy , which requires a large up - front energy payment for a small annual return over many years would be increasingly difficult .
Firstly because there would be less investable energy .
Secondly , our social discount rate is likely to increase , that is society is likely to become more short - term .
When offered the choice between saving basic employment or health services now verses a slow long term energy payback , it is more likely to choose the former , especially as the stakes rise .
Both of these represent positive feedbacks on declining net energy , and thus on decreasing complexity .
However the above scenario seems far too optimistic , we are unlikely to have such well defined net energy available .
There are other positive feedback that will make the decline process far more uncertain as we will now see .
Slide 18 Debt & Opaque money
If energy flows into the economy decline , growth cannot continue , this reflects thermodynamic realities and embedded dynamic constraints .
Debt is a call on future wealth .
We can borrow because the principle plus interest has a better chance of being paid back in a growing economy .
In a contracting economy paying back the principle will take a growing share of the total economy , never mind the interest .
The sovereign , corporate , and personal debt already accumulated , and governments ' attempts to run deficit financing to bring us out of recession are likely to fail as rising energy and food prices choke off growth , and lower discretionary income make servicing debt more and more difficult .
Eventually , lenders will realise they are throwing good money after bad , or rather bad after worse .
If countries cannot borrow , they can not run deficits .
If you need to import energy , food , or components for vital infrastructure or services , you will need to export something of similar value .
This will mean companies integrated into parts of supply - chains may have to drop out .
Investment will become close to impossible , even energy investments will occur in a much more risky environment .
Our debt based fiat money system is effectively primed for deflation .
The pool of money in the economy is maintained by new borrowing as old debt is repaid .
A drop off in new debt issuance , and a reluctance to spend ( a reduction in the velocity of money ) , will mean reduced economic activity on top of the energy constraints .
Some governments will no doubt discover the short - term benefits of printing money , only to further loose confidence in their currency .
Valuing a currency will become fraught with difficulties , the dollar will no doubt crash , but against what ?
We could say that money becomes opaque .
We lose confidence in its valuation in space , that 's trade ; and time , that 's investment .
Finally , sticking with our thermodynamic theme , we might remember that entropy and information bare a close relationship , a history going back to Claude Shannon in the 1950's .
The collapse of structures and institutions represents a loss of information about how our world works .
The increase in uncertainty will be fundamentally stochastic rather than epistemic .
Slide 19 : Supply - chain creeping collapses
What I mean by creeping collapse is the loss of individual companies and failing elements of supply - chains .
This is in contrast to the failure of a hub , such as the global banking system .
In this list we see some of the constraints we mentioned before , plus some new ones .
What is important is that they are interacting together and often re-enforcing each other .
The combined effect will be to reduce more and more the number of companies in the supply - chain , and make the exchanges ( physical , monetary etc. ) more and more difficult .
By reducing the number of substitutes in the chain , whole chains will grind to a halt for want of critical inputs , further reducing the viability of other members of the chain .
In a way just like that old rhyme that encapsulates ' for want of a nail , the war was lost ' .
Slide 20 : Dis-economies of scale
Economies of scale are the familiar benefits of a globalising world .
They mean that not only can goods or services be produced cheaper , meaning greater sales volumes ; but also a freed up discretionary income that can be spent on other goods and services .
In the energy / economic environment I have been discussing , this process goes into reverse .
The rising prices of goods ( because of the energy cost , supply - chain and money risk reasons ) , and reduced discretionary income reduces the number of goods sold .
This further increases the price at which the good must be sold , further reducing sales .
The rising cost of critical goods reduces discretionary income in the wider economy , reducing broader economies of scale , feeding back into the rising cost of goods .
So drawing upon our earlier example , the rising cost of mobile phones which are now quite essential , mean less is spent on games consoles .
This further raises the cost of advanced semi-conductor components for the phone .
We might also consider the dependent economy , by which I mean the network infrastructure for mobile phones , or the internet infrastructure for computers .
As fewer users buy phones / computers , or use them less , the cost of maintaining the network rises per user .
In addition the cost of maintaining the infrastructure itself is likely to rise for the reasons already mentioned .
Thus we have yet more positive feedbacks driving our civilisation to lower and lower levels of complexity .
Eventually networks , or major network functions will become unviable and effectively have to turn - off .
Slide 21 : Infrastructure creeping collapse
We might ask how fast such a collapse occurs .
We are reminded that most of our critical infrastructure has the most complex supply - chains , is the most resource intensive , is the most dependent upon cross-subsidisation , is the most expensive , and has components with short lifetimes .
The bathtub graph shown describes the probability of failure over time of many components of our infrastructure .
We could consider such infrastructure to be scattered with multiple time constants .
The systems functionality is set by the shortest critical time constant .
That many of our key components ( computers , servers , routers etc. ) have lifetimes of only a few years does not look good .
In an early slide I discussed how interconnected our infrastructure is .
Here a problem is that that even if one sector is maintaining its functionality , it is vulnerable to cascading failures transmitted from other sectors that cannot maintain upkeep of functions .
Slide 22 : Scenario : Fast Supply - chain collapse
We saw that beside creeping supply - chain collapse , there is the collapse associated with a hub , in our case we mentioned a systemic failure of the banks .
Well , here is a scenario that seems likely .
In essence , at some point in the future , over some period , the debt / bond market will switch from being ultimately confident about the return to economic growth , to accepting that uncertainty and depression can only continue .
As we know , markets tend to change their views over short - time periods .
An acknowledgement of this view will dry up the debt market , crash other markets , and will effectively mean that almost all debt cannot be repaid ( or can , with worthless money ) .
This means that all banks will be seen as insolvent .
The speed of such a transition could be in the order of months ( baring in mind the propagation speed of the recent financial crisis ) .
A collapse of bank intermediation services would effectively collapse our global and national supply - chains , in addition to instigating a money crisis .
The consequences would be unprecedented , including the prospect of a food crisis in many advanced economies .
This would be the detonation point when the world finally absorbs the depth of its ecological overshoot .
Slide 23 : Conclusions
The rate of collapse will be dependent upon the the speed of our critical systems - the operational speed of our financial markets , the speed of our supply - chains , and the maintenance rates required for our infrastructure .
In time a collapse will be seen as a series of jumps to lower levels of complexity occurring over decades .
This will be set against a background of creeping failures in many of the systems we take for granted .
There may be periods of stability or even slight recovery , but the downward trend will be unstoppable .
We are not in the middle of a financial crisis , but at the edge of civilisational one .
What we urgently need to develop now are emergency measures to soften the impact of such a crisis .
The omens are not good , but we do have the ability to make better choices rather than worse ones .
Thank you !
Video :
What the katydid did next Video :
What the katydid did next
Acoustic mimicry is the katydid ’s unique talent ( Image : David Marshall and Kathy Hill )
EVERYTHING was going to plan for the male cicada looking for love .
High in his tree in the dry bush country of eastern Australia , he started his serenade .
First he gave a bright chirruping prelude , then urr-chip , urr- chip , urr- chip .
Right on cue came an answering click .
Each time the cicada repeated his urr-chip , there was that click again .
His luck was in : a female was signalling her interest .
The cicada began to move slowly towards the source of the clicks , singing as he went .
The closer he got , the louder the clicks , and soon he could make out a telltale trembling among the leaves .
Sure of his target now , he made his final move .
Quick as a flash , a pair of long , green legs darted out and clasped him in a tight embrace .
In another instant , a powerful pair of insect jaws clamped around his head .
What had gone wrong ?
His song was perfect , the response exactly right and dead on cue .
But the cicada had been deceived .
Those come - hither clicks were not the love call of a female cicada but a con trick executed by a voracious predator in search of a meal .
When husband - and - wife cicada experts Dave Marshall and Kathy Hill of the University of Connecticut at Storrs first heard this insect duet they too were taken in .
They study cicadas belonging to the Cicadettini tribe , a group in which males and females locate each other with a characteristic call - and - response routine .
Recently they have focused their attention on Australia , …
Inflation in Norway means rates are likely to rise again
Norway has become the first European country to raise its interest rates since the beginning of the global financial crisis .
The country 's central bank raised the cost of borrowing to 1.5 % from 1.25 % in a widely - expected move .
It said the increase was needed because inflation was higher than expected and unemployment was " considerably lower than previously projected " .
Earlier this month , Australia raised its interest rate to 3.25 % from 3 % .
The move made Australia the first country in the G20 to increase rates since the global economic crisis .
Norwegian central bank governor Svein Gjedrem said : " Activity in the Norwegian economy has picked up more rapidly than expected .
Developments indicate that it is appropriate to raise the key policy rate now . "
He added that rates would continue to rise " gradually " .
Countries across the world have lowered interest rates over the past year to cut the cost of borrowing in at attempt to stimulate economic growth .
A new report by the Yankee Group focuses on the subsidies wireless carriers pay to device manufacturers .
In particular , as C|Net found , despite the fact that AT&T 's bottom line has been heavily boosted by the iPhone , it takes a long time for the company to make back it 's money from the bandwidth - sucking Apple device .
The report is titled " The Golden Subsidy Egg 's Goose is Cooked : Welcome to the Brave New Subsidy - Free World . "
Most consumers know about mobile phone subsidies , which wireless carriers provide to customers lower prices on the latest phones , smart or not .
The problem is , as the Yankee Group noted , as more consumers buy bandwidth - hogging devices , it takes longer for carriers to make back their money .
According to the Yankee Group , it takes AT&T 17 months out of the typical two - year contract to go from " in the red " to " in the black " with the iPhone .
With Android devices and webOS devices coming out on all networks , you can imagine that soon other networks , along with AT&T , are going to feel the crunch .
And despite what people may think , it 's unclear that the Verizon network could handle something that sucks as much bandwidth as an iPhone .
As the Yankee Group posits , as more of these devices arrive , carriers are going to have to either reduce their subsidies , or face the prospect of going further into a two - year contract before a device pays off .
The choice will be to raise prices on devices , or raise prices on services .
Either way , the consumer will feel the pinch .
I ’ve known about Moose for some time .
The first time I talked about it in a training course was at the Teach - In back in the summer of 2007 .
It ’s been part of my training courses ever since .
But even though I was telling people about Moose in my training courses , I was n’t really making use of it in my own code .
Obviously as a freelancer , in my day - job I ’m constrained to using whatever technologies my clients are using and I have yet to be paid to work on a project that is already using Moose ( although I ’ve suggested that a few clients switch to it ) .
That leaves my own code .
Which is largely my CPAN modules .
Until recently I had n’t used Moose for any of them .
The first one I released that used Moose was Guardian :: OpenPlatform :: API .
That was a new module which used Moose right from the start .
But I knew that eventually I ’d want to go back and refactor my existing modules to use Moose wherever it was appropriate .
Having gone to YAPC :: Europe this year , I was subjected to another week of people telling me face to face just how cool Moose was .
So I decided that it was time to bite the bullet and start refactoring .
The next module I tried was Parse :: RPM :: Spec.
I chose this for two reasons .
Firstly , it ’s very much an attribute - driven module .
Apart from the initial parsing of the spec file , objects of this class exist simply to return the values of their attributes .
This makes it a great match for Moose .
In fact converting it to use Moose was largely a case of removing code .
The second reason for choosing it was more pragmatic – as far as I know no - one is using the module so if I broke anything I would n’t have hordes of angry users on my back .
Impressed by how easily that conversion was I moved on to Array : : Compare .
This module holds a special place in my heart as it was my very first CPAN module .
I do n’t think it ’s a particularly useful module .
It ’s algorithm is pretty basic and other than the project that I originally wrote it for I ’ve never used it in any production code .
I often use it to try out new techniques .
I released version 2.00 on August 9th ( the change of implementation seemed to justify bumping the major version number ) .
Yesterday I got an RT ticket asking me to stop using Moose .
The ticket is pretty clear that for several uses ( it specifically mentions command line usage ) the extra overhead added by Moose leads to an unacceptable performance hit .
I ’m not sure which way to go on this .
As a developer I like using Moose .
Moose makes it much easier to write object oriented code in Perl .
And I think that over the next year or so more and more CPAN developers will be using Moose in their code .
Already if you ’re writing something reasonably complex in Perl there ’s a good chance that you ’ll be using a module that uses Moose .
As time goes on the percentage of Perl code that relies on Moose will increase .
But if it really imposes an unacceptable performance hit for smaller applications , do I really want to force developers into using Moose sooner than they want to ?
I think I ’m going to put on hold my plans to move stuff to Moose until I ’ve thought this through a bit more .
But I ’d be interested in hearing other people ’s opinions .
If you ’re a CPAN author , are you planning to move your modules to Moose .
And if you ’re an application developer , have you started to avoid CPAN modules which force you to use Moose ?
Let me know what you think .
Update :
Well , did n’t this entry start a lot of discussion ?
As well as the comments here , there have been a number of other posts that reference my post .
Here are the ones I ’ve seen ( in no particular order ) :
I ’ll add more as I come across them .
Of course , the more discussion I see , the more unclear my decision becomes .
But thanks for the interest .
The discussion has been fascinating .
I ’ve been reading a lot about the HPV ( Human Papillomavirus ) vaccine and the risk of serious side effects and even death .
I thought I would seek out the numbers and put them in context .
Especially given headlines claiming the HPV jab is “ as deadly as the cancer ” it seeks to prevent .
A note about the UK .
These are the figures for Gardasil , the vaccine used in the US .
In the UK , the dominant vaccine is Cervarix .
For which I have no figures .
Ben Goldacre explores some important points around Cervarix .
Worth reading .
( You can explore my data here .
I ’ve put the data on three separate sheets inside the spreadsheet .
Here are the original source documents from the US Centre Of Disease Control ) .
If you have any figures on Cervarix or any other facts and sources that can add to this diagram , please get in touch .
Thanks !
If you ’re looking for information on HPV , Cervical Cancer and immunisation , try these links
: The NHS page on the cervical cancer jab
: General info on immunisation , including HPV
Updates
UPDATE 1 : I ’ve been asked to include the other side of the Gardasil story which is represented by The National Vaccine Information Centre ( www.nvic.org) – which is a nonprofit , non-medical organization founded by parents of vaccine - injured children .
In contrast to the Centre For Disease Control , the NVIC are strongly anti Gardasil .
As evidence , they cite the case reports from the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System ( VAERS ) database .
It tracks adverse side - effects of vaccinations across the US .
Reporting is voluntary .
Studies say it only catches around 10 % of side - effects ( source : LA Times ) .
Though it ’s fair to expect a higher capture rate for deaths .
On that database , the NVIC count 29 Gardasil - associated deaths .
I ’ve been through the database and pulled out the case reports on those deaths so you can read them for yourself .
Download them here .
For extra info , the NY Times has an excellent article about HPV Vaccines here , exploring several perspectives .
UPDATE 2 : A few people questioned how I calculated the theoretical odds for dying from Gardasil , as the numbers do n’t seem to match .
Yup , fair enough .
I was n’t really clear about that .
Essentially , the numbers at the top of the image ( 20,400,000 doses etc ) are not used to calculate the odds .
Instead , the odds are calculated using the National Safety Council ’s method .
That is :
population of United States / number of deaths per year
That gives the one year risk rate .
Then if you divide that number again by the average US lifespan ( 77.8 years ) you get the lifetime risk .
See the risk chart here .
UPDATE 3 I did n’t factor for the fact that women receive up to 3 jabs of Gardasil .
So the 20 million doses figures does not necessarily equate to number of people receiving the vaccine .
Changing the maths a bit ( to assume an average of 2 jabs per person ) has altered the numbers slightly on the graph .
( Percentage of side effects 0.05 % rises to 0.1 % .
Percentage of serious side effects 0.003 % to 0.007 % .
And so on ) .
Thanks to A for that correction .
The new , UMD - less PSP
Go is an absolute dream for Sony .
Since it lacks a way to play games purchased at retail , Sony gets to set the prices for every piece of content bought on the system .
Who cares if the store down the street has a game for $ 10 cheaper ?
You can only get your games from one place ; competition with discounting and used games is gone .
Sony will now be selling you every game that goes into the Go's 16GB of storage , and without the ability to buy or sell used games , Sony now owns every single piece of the market with this system .
And without an easy way to switch the battery for hacking purposes , piracy wo n't be as easy .
Like we said , the PSP Go is great for Sony .
For the rest of us , retailers included , not so much .
We bought our system at retail , and there was no line , no risk of a sellout , and no signage or posters in the store hyping the system .
It was the most mellow system launch you 'll find in this business .
The unboxing was impressive , and it's easy to be impressed with how sexy and sleek the PSP Go looks .
But now that we 've had a day or so to play with it , it 's clear that Sony 's new portable is nothing but raw deal after raw deal .
The complaints are numerous , the slights against consumers are many , and the hardware is flawed .
On top of these issues is a price point that 's so high it seems like a sick joke in the current economy .
The PSP is a great system and a strong platform .
The PSP
Go is a terrible , terrible deal for everyone but Sony .
The Go's screen is smaller : 3.8 " instead of the 4.3 " of the older PSP models .
The resolution remains the same , however , at 480x272 .
The action when you slide the screen up to reveal the controls is smooth , and that screen is a dream to play games on .
There is no argument to be found about aesthetics ; on the surface this is one of the best - looking pieces of consumer electronics out there .
You better have small hands
The PSP
Go is surprisingly comfortable in your hands when you 're simply holding it , but there 's no getting away from the fact the analog nub is very , very close to the face buttons .
When the screen is slid up to reveal the controls , it also rests directly in front of the shoulder buttons , which means you can't really rest your fingers there .
It 's like fighting over the armrest on a plane .
The PSP 3000 allows you to hold the device securely by the sides , but while the PSP
Go may look good , the longer you play the more you realize that it 's perched somewhat precariously in your hand .
I 'm not a big guy , but I found the controls less comfortable than the normal PSP setup .
If you 're a big guy with big hands , I strongly suggest you hold one for a gaming session or two before you buy .
The analog nub itself is frightfully small ; I felt like my thumb was continually going to slide right off .
Here 's a challenge : find a promo shot that shows someone actually playing a game with the analog nub .
There 's a reason the images all look like the one I included here ; things are way too cramped on the system 's face .
A cumbersome process
For a product that is tethered to digital downloads , the process of getting to the content is oddly annoying .
There is still no background downloading , which means that once you begin to download a game , you can't do anything else until it is finished .
While your mileage may vary , I 've often found that downloading files from Sony on both the PSP and PS3 can be a slow affair ; a 1GB file can sometimes take an hour or more to pull down .
For instant gratification junkies , that 's no fun ... especially when you can't play another game to pass the time .
Even worse , if you lose your signal or get disconnected , your progress is not saved .
It took me a few tries to download the entirety of Gran Turismo on the PSP — for some reason , the hardware lost the connection to my wireless router , and each time I had to begin from scratch .
That 's incredibly annoying , especially when the wireless technology inside the system is somewhat stale .
For some reason , Sony went with the positively ancient 802.11 b , which is the same as previous models .
For $ 250 , that could n't have been bumped up to 802.11g ?
Or even -n ?
The entire point of the PSP
Go hinges on the wireless , digital aspect of the hardware , so why is that hardware so outdated ?
Why is downloading a game made to be as annoying as possible ?
It seems this is becoming more commonplace in the NHL this season : a vicious hit is laid out from one player to another and an injured player is taken off the ice on a stretcher .
During last night 's game between Colorado and Carolina , Darcy Tucker was the victim of a dirty hit , this time by Carolina 's Tuomo Ruutu .
â† µ
â† µ
Not the most vicious of hits but devastating nonetheless .
Tucker had clearly released the puck and and as squared up to the boards with his numbers to Ruutu .
Thanks to Yahoo's Puck Daddy , we have some good news on Tucker 's status :
â†µ Adrian Dater of the Denver Post reported that Tucker was " knocked out cold on the hit .
But he regained consciousness and is now fully alert . "
NHL Network reported after the game that Tucker went to a local hospital where X - Rays were negative but a concussion was diagnosed .
â† µ
â†µâ† µ
No doubt a suspension is forthcoming , and let 's hope that Tucker can recover and get back to the ice healthy .
Concussions in hockey are on the rise , with players playing faster and hitting harder than ever before .
As noted in our interview here on SB Nation , Mark Messier is working hard to develop new technology to protect players better from these types of injury .
It was the fall of 2007 , financial markets were collapsing , and Wall Street firms were losing massive amounts of money , as if they were trying to give back a decade 's worth of profits in a few brutal months .
An investor named John Paulson somehow was scoring huge profits .
His winnings were so enormous they seemed unreal , even cartoonish .
His firm , Paulson & Co. , would make $ 15 billion in 2007 .
Mr. Paulson 's personal cut would amount to nearly $ 4 billion , or more than $ 10 million a day .
That was more than the 2007 earnings of J. K. Rowling , Oprah Winfrey and Tiger Woods put together .
At one point in late 2007 , a broker called to remind Mr. Paulson of a personal account worth $ 5 million , an account now so insignificant it had slipped his mind .
Mr. Paulson , known as J.P. , bet that the housing market would collapse and risky mortgages would tumble in value .
The moves put the fund manager from Queens , N.Y. , alongside Warren Buffett , George Soros , and Bernard Baruch in Wall Street 's pantheon of traders .
And as one rival fund manager later would say , with equal parts envy and respect , " Paulson 's not even a housing or mortgage guy ....
Until this trade , he was run -of - the - mill , nothing special . "
John Paulson launched his hedge fund in 1994 .
His forte was investing in corporate mergers that he viewed as the most likely to be completed , among the safest forms of investing .
When he met with clients , they sometimes were surprised by his limp handshake and restrained manner , both unusual in an industry full of bluster .
Younger hedge - fund traders went tieless and dressed casually , feeling confident in their abilities thanks to their soaring profits and growing stature .
Mr. Paulson stuck with dark suits and muted ties .
By early 2006 the 49 - year - old Mr. Paulson had reached his twilight years in accelerated Wall Street - career time .
He had been eclipsed by a group of investors who had amassed huge fortunes in a few years .
It was the fourth year of a spectacular surge in housing prices , the likes of which the nation never had seen .
Everyone seemed to be making money hand over fist .
Everyone but John Paulson .
“ Hey Christian Audigier … Thanks for ruining America … ” is how my new favorite song , F**k Ed Hardy , by Dirt Nasty starts .
Christian Audigier , the man who brought us overpriced trucker hats in 2001 , is now ruining the world once again with his latest line , Don Ed Hardy .
Obvi you know about this stuff , seeing as everyone from Paris Hilton to Lil Jon to the players of Inter Milan ( an Italian soccer team ) sport the stuff .
And I have to say : I really effing hate Ed Hardy .
Now , I ’m not the usual one to bash on things , but after hearing for two years how ‘ cute ’
Ed Hardy is and having friends coo over the shirt , shoes , hats and other accessories …
I ’m absolutely sick of it .
Instead of just wrinkling my nose in distaste and immediately walking to the other side of Nordstrom , here are actual reasons why I hate that crap .
You with me ?
1. It ’s Ugly
As Dirt Nasty kindly points out , “ Who had a seizure ?
It must have been the dude that made that tee - shirt . ”
Let ’s go through the anatomy of a regular Ed Hardy tee , shall we ?
The design itself starts out about ( depending on the shirt ) five inches above the hem .
Nothing wrong with that , just a normal tee shirt …
Except after those inoffensive few inches , it ’s literally like some child took out the markers and just just drew a bunch of unrelated crap on a poor quality tee .
I get it ; the images are based off of tattoo artist Ed Hardy ’s work , but really Christian ?
What the hell do skulls ; roses ; tigers ; hearts ; eagles ; top hats the words “ peace , ” “ tattoos ” and my personal favorite “ love kills slowly ” ; have to do with each other ?
And why does he have to add even more ugly to the mess and plaster his name on top ?
Is it because it is so aesthetically important that “ Christian Audigier ” be scrawled across a woman ’s chest ?
Or perhaps he envisioned a mob of men , women and children pestering – nay , DEMANDING – the wearer where they got such a cool tee .
And what makes this t- shirt different than any other graphic tee ?
The ugly design and the brand name ?
Please , I ’m not wasting my money on this .
Which brings me to …
2. It ’s Expensive
The cheapest tee shirt on Ed Hardy ’s website is $ 62 . 62 bucks ( which is approximately 10 hours working minimum wage with taxes taken out ) for a 100 % cotton shirt .
Rhinestoned tunics can go for $ 176 .
What else can you buy for $ 176 ?
A pair of jeans from J Brand , or a pair of Marc Jacobs shoes at theoutnet.com , or about seven dresses from Forever 21 , or almost 2 iPhone 3 G ’s , or basically the amount of money you ’ll spend on food from Wal - Mart during your first 2 ½ months away at school .
Or , you know , you can spend that $ 176 + shipping and taxes on an ugly bedazzled t- shirt .
It ’s up to you .
3. Even Perez Hilton hates it
Perez Hilton – who has had hair ever color of the rainbow , who wore a brown velour suit jacket to New Year ’s 2008 with Tila Tequila , who basically defines tacky – hates Ed Hardy .
His nickname for the designer ?
Christian AudiGaudy .
If Perez Hilton thinks you ’re gaudy then I do n’t even think Stacy London can help you .
4. Jon Gosselin is designing a clothing line for Audigier
This may not have to do as much with Ed Hardy as it does with its designer , but it only seems to anger me more .
I ’ve seen Project Runway .
I ’ve seen The Fashion Show .
I know for a fact that there are lots of talented designers out there who do n’t have the means of expressing their creativity .
So Audigier looks past all of these Parsons and Central Saint Martin ’s grads and lets Jon Gosselin design a kids line ?
Way to pick one of the top 10 people LEAST suited to design a line of children ’s tees , right in between Carrot Top and Fidel Castro .
5 . This guy puts his name on everything
Ed Hardy cups , air fresheners , seat covers , vodka ?
What the hell is Ed Hardy vodka !?
So next time you find yourself looking over one of his many shirts , do n’t be “ an Ed Hardy fan … aka I am a maggot ” as Andy Milonakis raps , and put the item of clothing down .
Then , walk over to H&M and spend that $ 100 on something that ’s stylish , cute and does n’t make you look like a clueless fashion victim .
Nick Smith fails to tick the boxes on ACC
Nick Smith fails to tick the boxes in his haste to introduce ACC bill
In its haste to introduce the ACC Bill , the National Government has shown extreme disregard for proper consultation and has failed to adequately cost the reforms , said CTU President Helen Kelly today .
“ Considering he belongs to a government obsessed with cost containment issues Nick Smith has failed to investigate the figures .
The proposed changes to ACC have not been sufficiently costed , ” said Kelly .
The Treasury ’s adequacy statement in the Bill says it does not contain required cost information and the Government ’s analysis is incomplete .
The cuts to ACC entitlements will shift costs to other government departments or onto workers and there is no quantification of these costs .
Treasury stated : “ The proposal to introduce experience rating and risk sharing in the ACC Work Account will increase administrative and compliance costs for business and for the ACC scheme , yet these costs have not been investigated . ”
Kelly continued : “ Nick Smith ’s inability to cost his reforms , and Treasury ’s identification of the incomplete financial analysis in his Bill , means many New Zealanders should doubt the other statements the Minister has made about ACC ’s financial matters . ”
“ Smith has manufactured ACC ’s financial crisis while aggressively pursuing the full funding of the scheme in order to ready it for privatisation .
The speed at which this Bill and other ACC reforms have progressed has meant the Minister has neglected the cost implications and various procedures that should have occurred around his reforms . ”
“ Nick Smith has failed to consult with external stakeholders and his Bill proposes to dispense with consultation requirements outlined in the Act regarding levy changes . ”
“ The CTU opposes the provisions in the Bill to allow experience rating as it creates extra administrative costs and more contested claims and disputes .
Employers are tempted to hide accidents to reduce levies .
Overly aggressive practices take place to encourage workers to return to work before they have fully recovered . ”
ENDS
© Scoop Media
[…]
One of the hoary stereotypes about feminists is that we are ‘ man- haters ’ .
I suspect that most feminists are more likely to roll their eyes at this sort of thing – I find it hard to take too seriously , although of course these stereotypes do n’t spring out of no - where , and they ’re often a type of silencing technique .
( They ’re also quite interesting in what they can tell us , I think .
For example , an explanation for the man-hating myth could be that our culture is so overly focused on men , and male - privilege is so deeply entrenched , that when feminists criticise the status quo it ’s read as being anti-men rather than addressing the marginalisation and oppression of women . )
Anyway , some researchers at the University of Houston decided to investigate whether it ’s really true that feminists hate men .
They interviewed just under 500 undergraduates , using something called the ‘ Ambivalence Toward Men Inventory ’ .
What they found was that feminists reported less hostility towards men than non-feminists .
In effect , not only does this suggest the stereotype is not true , it ’s actually the reverse .
Melinda Kanner , one of the researchers , has this interesting observation :
Our work finds that , indeed , non-feminists believe in traditional gender roles such as men being breadwinners and women being caregivers .
At the same time , these non-feminists actually appear to resent the confines of the traditional roles they advocate , which presents a paradox for women and men in traditional heterosexual relationships .
Obviously , as a feminist , I ’d not say it was much of a paradox : in actually , traditional gender roles are limiting and constricting , and whatever way you swing it , women are not better off in a sexist society .
Individual women who do n’t agree with feminism are still in actually subject to the same shit as women who do identify as feminists or with feminist - like beliefs .
The study ’s take on this :
Watch Miss Universe 2011 Live Stream
Another maiden makes history as she will grab the title every girl dreams of becoming Miss Universe 2011 Winner .
On its 60th year , all these ...
WWE SummerSlam Live Watch WWE SummerSlam 2011 Live Stream through Pay - Per - View .
The event was started in 1988 , in order to help the company compete against the ...
Illness and Mounting Costs
With the costs mounting for chemotherapy , radiation and craniotomies , Ms. Bond again turned to the church .
The Franciscans agreed to pay 50 percent of any “ extraordinary ” medical costs , until he turned 23 .
Ms. Bond said she was greatly relieved .
She was involved in a messy divorce with her third husband , and could not go back to work because caring for her son had become a full - time job .
She finally found a doctor at Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center in New York City who proposed an experimental treatment on Nathan ’s tumors , which had returned despite all the previous treatments .
They flew to New York for a one - week consultation , and ended up staying for three months while he was in and out of the hospital for treatment .
The Franciscans initially gave them $ 1,000 toward the trip , but then refused Ms. Bond ’s further requests for reimbursements for lodging expenses for her and Nathan in New York .
This is what pushed her over the edge , she said .
Dozens of e-mail messages between Ms. Bond and church lawyers document the back - and - forth .
Catherine A. Schroeder , the Franciscans ’ lawyer , said Ms. Bond failed to provide proper receipts , an accusation that Ms. Bond denies .
The head of the province then was the Rev. Michael Perry , who was recently elected vicar general of the entire Order of Friars Minor .
Reached at his office in Rome , Father Perry declined to speak on the record about the decisions he made , except to say , “ Efforts were made not only to respect the law but to take into account the dignity and the rights and the care of the child . ”
To pay for the New York trip , Ms. Bond ’s daughter Carrie Milton liquidated her 401 ( k ) plan and sold T - shirts that said , “ Cancer Sucks , ” and Ms. Bond ’s son Christian Halbach emptied his savings account .
Ms. Bond prays to God constantly .
But she has long left the Catholic Church and attends a Methodist church .
Nathan is now so ill that he rarely leaves his house except for hospital visits .
The highlight of his day is lumbering to the mailbox , leaning on his mother , who was told recently by doctors that she had carcinoid tumors in her appendix and colon .
Strangers who get Nathan ’s name and address from Web sites for cancer victims send him dozens of cards , often homemade , urging him not to give up .
Recently the mail included a card from Father Willenborg .
“ I never understood , ” Nathan said , “ why he thought cards could make it all O.K . ”
One night during my training , long after all the other doctors had fled the hospital , I found a senior surgeon still on the wards working on a patient note .
He was a surgeon with extraordinary skill , a doctor of few words whose folksy quips had become the stuff of department legend .
“ I ’m sorry you ’re still stuck here , ” I said , walking up to him .
He looked up from the chart .
“ I ’m not working tomorrow , so I ’m just fine . ”
I had just reviewed the next day ’s operating room schedule and knew he had a full day of cases .
I began to contradict him , but he held his hand up to stop me .
“ Time in the O.R. , ” he said with a broad grin , “ is not work ; it ’s play . ”
For several years my peers and I relished anecdotes like this one because we believed we knew exactly what our mentor had meant .
All of us had had the experience of “ disappearing ” into the meditative world of a procedure and re-emerging not exhausted , but refreshed .
The ritual ablutions by the scrub sink washed away the bacteria clinging to our skin and the endless paperwork threatening to choke our enthusiasm .
A single rhythmic cardiac monitor replaced the relentless calls of our beepers ; and nothing would matter during the long operations except the patient under our knife .
We had entered “ the zone . ”
We were focused on nothing else but our patients and that moment .
But my more recent conversations with surgical colleagues and physicians from other specialties have had a distinctly different timbre .
While we continue to deal with many of the same pressures that my mentor dealt with  decreasing autonomy , increasing administrative requirements , less control over our practice environment  the demands on our attention have gone , well , viral .
An annotated guide to the 1507 map
Enlarge Image
Drawn half a millennium ago and then swiftly forgotten , one map made us see the world as we know it today ... and helped name America .
But , as Toby Lester has discovered , the most powerful nation on earth also owes its name to a pun .
Almost exactly 500 years ago , in 1507 , Martin Waldseemuller and Matthias Ringmann , two obscure Germanic scholars based in the mountains of eastern France , made one of the boldest leaps in the history of geographical thought - and indeed in the larger history of ideas .
Near the end of an otherwise plodding treatise titled Introduction to Cosmography , they announced to their readers the astonishing news that the world did not just consist of Asia , Africa , and Europe , the three parts of the world known since antiquity .
A previously unknown fourth part of the world had recently been discovered , they declared , by the Italian merchant Amerigo Vespucci , and in his honour they had decided to give it a name : America .
What is coming into focus is a document that is far richer , far stranger , and much more historically valuable than had previously been imagined
Toby Lester
But that was just the beginning .
Waldseemuller and Ringman in fact had written the Introduction to Cosmography merely as a companion volume to their magnum opus : a giant and revolutionary new map of the world .
It 's known today as the Waldseemuller map of 1507 .
The Waldseemuller map was - and still is - an astonishing sight to behold .
Drawn 15 years after Columbus first sailed across the Atlantic , and measuring a remarkable 8ft wide by 4½ft high , it introduced Europeans to a fundamentally new understanding of the make - up of the earth .
The map represented a remarkable number of historical firsts .
In addition to giving America its name , it was also the first map to portray the New World as a separate continent - even though Columbus , Vespucci , and other early explorers would all insist until their dying day that they had reached the far - eastern limits of Asia .
The map was the first to suggest the existence of what explorer Ferdinand Magellan would later call the Pacific Ocean , a mysterious decision , in that Europeans , according to the standard history of New World discovery , are n't supposed to have learned about the Pacific until several years later .
World of four parts
The map was one of the first documents to reveal the full extent of Africa 's coastline , which had only very recently been circumnavigated by the Portuguese .
Perhaps most significant , it was also one of the first maps to lay out a vision of the world using a full 360 degrees of longitude .
In short , it was the the mother of all modern maps : the first document to depict the world roughly as we know it today .
America , named after Amerigo Vespucci ... and a pun
In the years after 1507 , copies of the Waldseemuller map began turning up at universities all over central Europe .
There , displayed in classrooms and discussed by geographers and travellers alike , its vision of a four - part world insinuated itself into the popular imagination .
Waldseemuller himself would later record that 1,000 copies of the map had been printed , a very substantial number for the day .
But the rapid pace of geographical discovery meant that copies of the map were soon discarded in favour of newer , more up - to - date pictures of the world , and by 1570 it had all but vanished from memory .
When the map maker Abraham Ortelius that year published a comprehensive list of his cartographical predecessors and their maps , he mentioned Waldseemuller but made no reference to the great 1507 map .
Last surviving copy Fortunately , one copy did survive .
Sometime between 1515 and 1517 , the Nuremburg mathematician Johannes Schoner acquired a reprint of the map , bound it into an oversized folio , and made it part of his reference library .
The $ 10 m map at the Library of Congress in Washington
In the years immediately afterward , Schoner studied the map carefully , but as the decades wore on , as newer maps became available , and as his own interests shifted from geography to astronomy , he consulted the folio less and less .
By the time he died , in 1545 , he probably had n't opened it in years .
The last remaining copy of the Waldseemuller map , beautifully preserved in Schoner 's folio , had begun a long slumber - and would n't be roused again for some 350 years .
As is so often the case with historical treasures , the map was rediscovered by accident .
In the summer of 1901 , while doing research in the library of Wolfegg Castle , in southern Germany , a Jesuit geography teacher named Joseph Fischer stumbled across the Schoner folio and quickly realized what he had found .
Within months his discovery was international news .
" LONG SOUGHT MAP DISCOVERED , " a New York Times headline announced in March of 1902 .
" EARLIEST KNOWN RECORD OF THE WORD AMERICA FINALLY BROUGHT TO LIGHT . "
The map remained in the Wolfegg collection for the next hundred years - until 2003 , when the US Library of Congress announced , with great fanfare , that it had acquired the map from the castle 's owner for the staggering sum of $ 10 m .
It was the highest price the library had ever paid for anything in its vast collection .
Proudly , in its press release the library referred to the map as America 's " birth certificate " .
Value for money ?
Was it worth the price ?
Some observers grumbled that it was not .
But now that the map is on public display at the library , scholars and generalists alike have been looking at it with fresh eyes and what is coming into focus is a document that is far richer , far stranger , and much more historically valuable than had previously been imagined .
Copernicus ' view of space seems to have been influenced by the map
The map turns out to be an enormously revealing patchwork of several different kinds of maps : the world as depicted by the ancient Greeks and Romans , as diagrammed by Europe 's Christian theologians , and as charted by the sailors who plied the waters of the Mediterranean and the Atlantic .
There 's more .
The name America , for example , very probably represents not just a tip of the hat to Amerigo Vespucci but also a multilingual pun that can mean both " born new " and " no- place - land " - a playful coinage that seems to have inspired Sir Thomas
More to invent his new world across the ocean , one meaning of which was also " no - place " : Utopia .
The map itself seems also to have made a powerful impression on none other than Nicholas Copernicus , who began his landmark
On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres by describing America as he saw it depicted on the map , and who then went on to argue that the existence of a fourth part of the world meant that the traditional model not only of the earth but also the cosmos would have to be rethought .
For the only surviving copy of the map that not only gave America its name and introduced the New World to Europe but also helped Copernicus rethink the cosmos , $ 10 m seems a very reasonable price to pay .
Toby Lester is the author of The Fourth Part of the World , which tells the story of the Waldseemuller map , published by Profile Books .
Below is a selection of your comments .
A wonderful map .
But on the naming of America , there are at least three theories .
It may come from the Amerrique region of Nicaragua .
It 's also been suggested that the name derives from Richard Ap Meryk ( or Amerike ) , the main sponsor of John Cabot 's voyages to Newfoundland ( pre-dating Vespucci ) .
See , for example , the article on Richard Amerike on the BBC website .
Waldseemuller knew of the continent 's name , and merely assumed that it was named after Vespucci .
Chris Jones , London
I thought that QI debunked this theory a few series back ?
Something about geographical features normally being named after last names e.g. Van Diemen 's Land , Magellan Straits etc.?
Ross , Essex , UK Richard Ameryk ( also known as Richard ap Meryk / Meyrick ) , who was appointed the King 's Customs Officer for Bristol in 1486 , 1490 and 1497 and became chief sponsor for John Cabot 's expedition to Newfoundland in 1497 is now thought to be the person for whom America was named .
Countries and other geographical features tended to be named after surnames , not first names , so America would have been Vespuccia had the place been named for Amerigo Vespucci .
Hugh , Cambridge , UK I was under the impression America was named after Richard Americk not Amerigo Vespucci or have I just been watching too much QI ?
Marie , Amersham I thought it was widely accepted now that America was named for Richard Amerike , the Bristolian merchant who funded John Cabot 's voyages to Newfoundland , and not Amerigo Vespucci at all ?
As far as I know , even Vespucci himself said that America was not named after him .
Tim McNulty , Isle of Man Well , if all this is true I can only hope that Stephen Fry and the QI team will let go of the idea that America is named after a Welshman called Richard Merrick and give credit to to Martin Waldseemuller and Matthias Ringmann for naming after Amerigo Vespucci .
Graham , Glasgow I 'm reading Ovid's " Metamorphoses " and in the creation myth at the beginning he is quite clear that the world is spherical , with ice at both poles and a very hot region in the middle , with temperate areas in between .
He was writing at about the time of Christ .
I did n't realise the ancient world knew so much geography .
Veronica , Henley
There is a great theory put forward by Gavin Menzies in his book : " 1421 The Year China Discovered the World " and offers a solution how these " Germanic scholars based in the mountains of eastern France " could have come up with such a solution .
The Chinese had circumnavigated the world and provided this information to the courts of Europe .
In this he also considers the 1666 map by Nicholas Visscher , which shows the outline of Western Australia , drawn years before Captain Cook had " discovered " it .
Leyland Harrison , Essex , England
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
According to a new study , almost 9 out of 10 PCs currently used by businesses are capable of running Windows 7 .
That 's almost double the equivalent proportion when Vista launched .
The figures come from IT assessment firm Softchoice .
Rather than conduct an opinion poll , it gathered the information from the actual set-ups of 248 clients with a total of more than 450,000 Windows computers .
The research found that 88 per cent of the computers met the minimum specifications for running Windows 7 .
That compares with a similar study the firm carried out on Vista 's release which found just 50 per cent were ready for the new operating system .
( Source : pcworld.com )
Perhaps more importantly , 65 % of today 's machines meet the recommended specs to get " optimum performance " from Windows 7 .
With Vista 's release , the equivalent figure was only 6 per cent .
Windows 7 : Easier on Hardware
One of the main reasons for the increase in compatible machines is that Windows 7 does n't ask for grandiose hardware set -ups .
Its 1 Ghz speed and 1GB memory demands are identical to those of all but the most basic editions of Vista , while it actually requires even less spare hard disk space to run .
This means that as firms have replaced older machines with newer , higher spec computers since Vista 's release , the proportion meeting the requirements has inevitably gone up .
To some extent , it 's surprising that so many machines are capable of running Windows 7 , given how many businesses are still using Windows XP , a system released more than eight years ago .
Softchoice says it suspects that the picture may have been distorted by businesses who have bought modern machines but chose to downgrade their operating system from Vista to XP .
Another welcome note for Microsoft : the study found that 95 per cent of machines which are n't currently suitable to run Windows 7 could be brought up to spec with comparatively simple measures such as upgrading memory .
With Vista , only 84 per cent were in that position .
( Source : marketwire.com )
1683 , a name applied disparagingly by Dutch settlers in New Amsterdam ( New York ) to English colonists in neighboring Connecticut .
It may be from Dutch Janke , literally " Little John , " diminutive of common personal name Jan ; or it may be from Jan Kes familiar form of " John Cornelius , " or perhaps an alteration of Jan Kees , dialectal variant of Jan Kaas , literally " John Cheese , " the generic nickname the Flemings used for Dutchmen .
[ I]t is to be noted that it is common to name a droll fellow , regarded as typical of his country , after some favorite article of food , as E[ nglish ] Jack - pudding , G[erman ] Hanswurst ( " Jack Sausage " ) , F[rench ] Jean Farine ( " Jack Flour " ) .
[ Century Dictionary , 1902 , entry for " macaroni " ]
Originally it seems to have been applied insultingly to the Dutch , especially freebooters , before they turned around and slapped it on the English .
A less - likely theory ( attested by 1832 ) is that it represents some southern New England Algonquian language mangling of English .
In English a term of contempt ( 1750s ) before its use as a general term for " native of New England " ( 1765 ) ; during the American Revolution it became a disparaging British word for all American natives or inhabitants .
Contrasted with southerner by 1828 .
Shortened form
Yank in reference to " an American " first recorded 1778 .
Latin-American form Yanqui attested in English by 1914 ( in Mexican Spanish by 1835 ) .
The rule observed in this country is , that the man who receives that name [ Yankee ] must come from some part north of him who gives it .
To compensate us for giving each other nicknames , John Bull " lumps us all together , " and calls us all Yankees .
[ " Who is a Yankee ? " Massachusetts Spy , June 6 , 1827 ]
Half a million people .
Half a million Jewish Israelis are living beyond the Green Line , the Israel - Jordan border prior to1967 .
A total of 200,000 reside in areas defined by Israel as part of the greater Jerusalem and annexed .
Another 300,000 live in the rest of Judea and Samaria ( or the West Bank . )
The socioeconomic status of the Jewish population beyond the 1967 borders is not homogenous :
The Jewish neighborhoods of east Jerusalem and nearby towns ( such as Maale Adumim ) are home to established middle - class families that enjoy a relatively high standard of living and high employment rates .
Meanwhile , the longtime communities ( such as Karnei Shomron ) are home to the second generation of followers of the Greater Israel doctrine who moved there for religious and ideological reasons .
They too are well off .
On the other hand , in most of the new communities ( such as Beitar Ilit , ) we see a very high percentage of haredi Jews , with low participation rates in the workforce and with high poverty rates .
The natural growth of the Jewish population beyond the Green Line is high , about 2 % a year .
This is complemented by an endless stream of families who move to the territories for economic and social reasons .
These are mostly haredi and religious families that find in Judea and Samaria what they cannot afford in Israel : Reasonably priced housing , plenty of government support , and a religious environment .
Should the number of Jews in Judea and Samaria , including east Jerusalem , continue to grow at the current rate , the Jewish population there will comprise about 750,000 people by 2025 .
Yet even today , when the number is “ merely ” 500,000 , the Jewish settlement enterprise in the territories has to a large extent determined Israel ’s fate .
Let ’s just ask ourselves what would have happened in Israel itself without what is known as the “ settlement enterprise . ”
Where would another half a million women , children , and men live within the 1967 borders ?
How many new towns , neighborhoods , and communities would have to be built ?
What kind of infrastructure would have to be built ?
How many additional roads would we need to pave , instead of the ones paved in the West Bank , some of them for Israelis only ?
And what would have happened to the population density in central Israel and in western Jerusalem ?
It ’s too late
The evacuation of 8,000 Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip and their absorption in Israel cost taxpayers NIS 10 billion .
Those interested in turning back time and evacuating Israelis from the areas beyond the 1967 borders would have to invest NIS 600 billion for that end .
An unreal figure .
Without the Palestinians grasping the process , and without most of Israeli citizens giving it some thought , the areas beyond the 1967 borders have become the main absorption area for new Israeli citizens :
New immigrants from the former Soviet Union , young Jerusalemites , haredim facing economic distress , etc .
The “ territories ” served as Israel ’s territorial backbone , and played this role with great success .
Israel ’s Leftist camp believes that it has the upper hand , referring as ultimate proof to Likud Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyau ’s declaration in favor of a Palestinian state , albeit with some conditions .
Yet the Left is wrong :
While it was engaged in the futile “ diplomatic process , ” the active Rightist camp , with the backing and assistance of all of Israel ’s governments with the exception of one , engaged in developing Jewish settlements in the territories .
Half a million Jews beyond the Green Line constitute the point of no return .
The talk about a “ construction freeze ” or “ construction suspicion ” at certain settlements are a joke and an insurance policy for the leaders – in Israel , in Palestine , and in the world – who know deep in their hearts that the decision had been made .
What we have here is two peoples that cannot be divided : A mixture of Jews and Palestinians that cannot be separated .
It ’s too late .
An Ordinary End to a Post - Crash Bounce
David Rosenberg :
“ The incoming economic data in both the US and Canada have improved and for the most part [ are ] bettering expectations .
The dilemma is that market pricing has moved far beyond the fundamentals .
Despite the temptation to jump into a ‘ liquidity - induced ’ rally … they cannot be sustained without a durable organic economic expansion .
The problem is that the global economy in general , and the US economy in particular , is operating on so much medication that it is difficult to conduct an appropriate examination of the patient at the current time .
All we know is that the markets seem to have very rapidly now priced in three years worth of recovery .
“ The S&P 500 is now up more than 60 % from the lows , which is truly amazing and kudos to those who called it .
But the question is whether the fundamentals will ever catch up to this level of valuation – usually after a 60 % rally , we are fully entrenched in the next business cycle .
Never before have we seen the stock market rise so much off a low over such a short time period , and usually at this state , the economy has already created over one million new jobs – during this extremely flashy move , the US has shed 2.5 million jobs ( as many as were lost in the entire 2001 recession ) . ”
The markets rise .
The economy sinks .
It is not sinking as fast as it was .
But it is still going down .
Month after month , the number of people without jobs increases .
Even Paul Krugman says that unemployment wo n’t reach its peak until 2011 .
And house prices ?
Hard to tell what is going on .
As Rosenberg puts it , this patient is so hyped up on drugs it ’s not possible to make a diagnosis .
Still , he does n’t look good .
There are millions of mortgages that still have n’t been tested .
Interest only … Alt A…commercial …even prime mortgages .
They are facing reset … and refinancing … with collateral prices down 20 - 30 - 40 % .
How can you refinance when you are underwater ?
Let ’s look at the basics .
We had a nice thing going .
From 1945 - 2007 , consumer spending and credit increased .
As long as lenders were willing to lend … and consumers were willing to go further into debt … the economy expanded .
Towards the end , it got a little crazy .
And then it blew up .
As predicted , the feds rushed in to save the situation .
But they only have one trick – adding more cash and credit .
That works every time … until it stops working .
And it stopped working in 2008 .
Banks do n’t want to lend against falling house prices .
And consumers do n’t want to borrow when their incomes are going down .
Ergo … the end of consumer credit expansion .
Get over it .
But the feds keep at it .
And with their help , the markets have bounced up .
Of course , a bounce is one of the most reliable features of a market economy .
A 50 % bounce in the Dow – roughly equal to the bounce after ’ 29 – would take the index to 10,300 .
We ’re not there yet .
So , there ’s nothing unusual or unexpected about this situation .
The markets have done what they were supposed to do .
The feds have done what they ’re supposed to do .
So what next ?
Ah…dear reader …if only we knew the answer to that question …
Here we are in uncharted territory … terra incognito …
Never before has there been an international monetary system based purely on paper .
And never before has it been run by people who believe they can force the market to do their bidding .
They are convinced that they can avoid the Japan situation – where the economy dragged along for twenty years – by adding more cash and credit .
Bernanke said he would drop it from helicopters if necessary .
Just one problem … .
Bernanke can inflate … but only until the Chinese tell him to stop .
When China pulls the plug on the bond market , the party comes to an end .
That ’s why the helicopters are still on the ground .
And it ’s why they will only take off when the situation becomes desperate .
In the meantime , we await the ordinary … that is , an ordinary end to a post - crash bounce .
That will come with another crash .
And another .
And another .
Until stocks finally hit bottom … and bubble - era delusions are finally all crushed out .
Taxes are going up .
Governments have gotten themselves in a new trap .
Well …several traps .
When you intervene in a place like Iraq , it is like a bad marriage .
The first few nights are fun .
But soon you ’re looking for a graceful way to get out .
Trouble is , there is n’t any easy way out .
So you stick with it .
Time goes by .
And the costs mount up .
Before you know it , the cost for the Iraqi adventure is more than $ 1 trillion … and then it goes to $ 2 trillion .
Now , the feds have intervened in the economy too .
And , likewise , they are trapped .
By pumping in trillions of dollars – not just in America , but also in Britain and China ( which have both intervened even more forcefully ) – they have made it look like things are okay .
They have kept zombie companies alive .
The big banks have n’t had to own up to their own mistakes .
Companies have n’t had to cut back quite as much as they would have .
As our friend Nassim Taleb puts it , the financial system “ still has the same disease . ”
But it ’s being kept alive with massive doses of very expensive medicine – provided by the feds .
So what are they going to do now ?
They claim to have prevented catastrophe .
They say they ’ve engineered a recovery .
And yet , if they let up on the drugs … the patient dies .
They ’re trapped … they ’ll have to keep pumping in money for years … until the money runs out .
Naturally , the feds want to raise as much money as they can .
So , like bank robbers , they go where the money is – to the “ rich . ”
Steve Sjuggerud tells us what has happened back at home … in Maryland .
“ The state of Maryland could n’t balance its budget last year .
So the state decided the right way to raise tax dollars was to fleece the millionaires …
Maryland state politicians created a ‘ millionaire ’ tax bracket .
“ Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley of course expected tax receipts to go up .
He said Maryland ’s 3,000 millionaires were ‘ willing to pay their fair share . ’
The Baltimore Sun said the rich would ‘ grin and bear it . ’
“ But the opposite happened …
“ Instead of 3,000 Maryland millionaires filing taxes in April 2009 , only 2,000 did .
According to The Wall Street Journal : ‘ Instead of the state coffers gaining the extra $ 106 million the politicians predicted , millionaires paid $ 100 million less in taxes than they did last year – even at higher rates . ’
“ A friend of mine lives here in Florida .
He is not an American citizen .
He pays US taxes while he lives here .
But under the threat of higher national income taxes , he is contemplating giving up his green card and moving elsewhere .
“ When Maryland ’s governor raises taxes , Maryland residents leave and government income goes down .
“ When the nation ’s President raises income taxes , foreigners like my friend leave and government income goes down .
“ Unfortunately , YOU CAN ’T LEAVE .
“ Wait a minute .
This is America , land of the free , right ?
“ Not so fast …
The US government will track US citizens everywhere to get tax money .
If you leave to work in another country , you still pay US income taxes .
America and North Korea are the only countries that tax you on your worldwide income .
“ If it gets bad enough , you can just give up your citizenship , right ?
Nope , you ca n’t do that either .
At least , you ca n’t do it without paying a potentially massive ‘ exit tax . ’
“ The exit tax acts like an estate tax .
If you want to give up your citizenship , you have to give up nearly half your wealth above a certain level .
The Economist magazine calls it ‘ America ’s Berlin Wall . ’
Nice , eh ?
“ Want some more nice ?
Once you ’re gone , you ’re not legally allowed to come back and visit family and friends .
Yes , if the government decides you have renounced citizenship for tax purposes , a federal law prohibits you from entering the country ever again .
( You can look up the rule under 8 USC 1182 ( a ) ( 10 ) ( E ) . )
“ You can escape states with oppressive taxes .
But ‘ escaping ’ the US – the land of the free – is much more difficult .
And you can bet it wo n’t get any easier as the government needs more and more of your income to pay its bills . ”
An Ecotopia for Climate Protection Samso Island Is Face of Danish Green Revolution
The Danish island of Samso is a mecca for climate protection experts , because its residents generate more energy than they consume -- with wind turbines , solar panels , straw combustion and heat exchangers that extract heat from cow 's milk .
The small ecotopia will be held up as a model at the UN Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen .
We love street fashion photos with a story !
So , we stopped this guy for a picture because of his excellent Afro hairstyle and his colorful clothing .
But , after we stopped him , he had plenty to say , and not about fashion .
He told us that his name is “ Bob ” ( real name Masahiro Teramoto ) and he is a Japanese artist .
He has an art event coming up on Halloween 2009 at Space Kids Gallery in Aoyama .
All the info about the event , and samples of his art , can be found on his website .
Back to Bob ’s fashion – it ’s all about his afro when you first see him .
After that , you ’ve got the reflective sunglasses , a red patterned tie over a red patterned button up shirt , a black 1970s looking jacket , aqua blue pants , and white Doc looking boots .
He ’s carrying a really big white quilted bag – perhaps that ’s where he keeps his art supplies and spray cans .
Also on the side of the bag are a pair of full sized headphones .
Click the top photo to see Bob ’s afro in super size !
BEIRUT , Lebanon 
More than 80 people , including a large number of civilian refugees , were killed in a government airstrike in northern Yemen on Wednesday as they sought shelter from a monthlong conflict between the military and rebel forces , provincial tribal leaders said .
Local and international human rights groups have condemned the attack , which appeared to be the deadliest single episode in a worsening war between government forces and the Houthi rebels in Yemen ’s remote and mountainous north .
The airstrike took place in Adi , outside the rebel - controlled town of Harf Sufyan , where refugees from the conflict had gathered under trees and plastic tents , according to tribal figures in the area who asked not to be identified out of fear for their safety .
Dozens of people were also wounded in the attack , they said .
It was not immediately possible to confirm the number of casualties , but several aid groups and Yemeni news sources reported a death toll higher than 80 .
PAPER WAR
A Tower Defense game with a twist , scrath the baddies off the desktop using a pencil !
Fight your way through twenty levels , and unlock many new towers and find different ways to use your lethal pencil .
Instructions
- Stop the waves of critters from finding the exit .
- Build towers and use your pencil to scratch / hover over the critters to damage them .
- As the game progresses you unlock new ways to use your pencil and new towers to build .
If you need help completing the game check this Strategy Guide / Video Walkthroiugh .
71
PAPER WAR WALKTHROUGH VIDEO
Paper
War is an online adventure game developed by Artlogic Games , and has been played 325077 times on Bubblebox.com . % of people have voted thumbs up
* Russian oil output in 2010 could fall as much as 4 percent
* LUKOIL Korchagin field seen starting in March 2010
* Monthly production topped 10 mbpd in September
London , Oct 14 ( Reuters ) - Russian oil output will stagnate in 2010 and begin to decline as mature fields lose production capacity and only one new project comes on line , oil analysts at Bernstein Research said on Wednesday .
Russia , now the world ’s largest oil producer , pumped 10.01 million barrels per day last month , up 0.4 percent from the 9.97 million bpd produced in August , both record highs , Russian Energy Ministry data released last week showed .
[ ID :nL2451607 ]
But Bernstein analysts said Russian production , which recovered in 2009 after dropping for the first time in a decade in 2008 , was merely experiencing a temporary spike following the launches of eight new fields this year .
Senior oil analyst Clint Oswald at Bernstein Research wrote that 0.6 percent year on year growth in the year to the end of September , in a year when eight projects added 640,000 bpd of new production , “ does not sound like a great achievement or the start of an up trend . , ”
“ With only one significant field due to come on stream in 2010 and reduced drilling activity , we continue to expect declining oil output in Russia in the near term , ” Oswald wrote in a research note .
He projected three possible scenarios for 2010 , assuming decline rates in base production of 3 to 4 percent , resulting in a percentage output drop ranging from 0.29 percent to 1.24 percent down year on year .
LUKOIL LKOH .MM , Russia 's second - largest oil producer said in September it expected to start production from one of its Caspian oilfields at Korchagin in March 2010 , and to be able to pump 240,000 bpd from two of them by 2016 .
[ ID : nLM221719 ]
OUTPUT MAY CONTINUE CREEPING HIGHER -BP
Russia has emerged as the world ’s oil production leader this year after the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed to cut supply by 4.2 million bpd since September 2008 in a bid to prop up falling oil prices .
OPEC has kept its official output targets unchanged at meetings since , most recently on Sept.
9 . Oil prices CLc1 have risen by more than 50 percent this year to around $ 75 a barrel .
But industry officials said Russia ’s September production record was perhaps the end of a strong run .
“ We could see Russian production continue creeping up above 10 million bpd , but it will rise at nothing like the rate we saw earlier this century , ” BP ’s Chief Economist Christof Ruhl told Reuters on Tuesday .
Before this August , Russia ’s previous monthly record for oil production was 9.93 million bpd reached in October 2007 .
Russian production this year was boosted by the launch of Rosneft 's ROSN .
MM massive Vankor in the Arctic and several other new fields , including LUKOIL 's South Khylchuyu and Verkhnechonskoye fields owned by BP - led TNK - BP TNBPI .RTS .
( Additional reporting by David Sheppard in London , editing by Anthony Barker )
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 September 2
Discovery 's Rainbow
Credit : NASA , Ben Cooper ( Launch Photography )
Explanation : Just one minute before midnight EDT , Friday , August 28 , the Space Shuttle Discovery began a long arc into a cloudy sky .
Following the launch , a bright and remarkably colorful trail was captured in this time exposure from the Banana River Viewing Site , looking east toward pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center .
On STS - 128 , Discovery docked with the International Space Station Sunday evening .
The 13 - day mission will exchange space station crew members and deliver more than 7 tons of supplies and equipment .
Of course , the equipment includes the Combined Operational Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill ( COLBERT ) .
Psychology and Security Resource Page
Ross Anderson
A fascinating dialogue is developing between psychologists and security engineers .
At the macro scale , societal overreactions to terrorism are founded on the misperception of risk and uncertainty , which has deep psychological roots .
At the micro scale , more and more crimes involve deception ; as security engineering gets better , it 's easier to mislead people than to hack computers or hack through walls .
Many systems also fail because of usability problems : the designers have different mental models of threats and protection mechanisms from users .
Wrong assumptions about users can lead systems to discriminate against women , the less educated and the elderly .
And misperceptions cause security markets to fail : many users buy snake oil , while others distrust quite serviceable mechanisms .
Security is both a feeling and a reality , and they 're different .
The gap gets ever wider , and ever more important .
At a deeper level , the psychology of security touches on fundamental scientific and philosophical problems .
The ` Machiavellian Brain ' hypothesis states that we evolved high intelligence not to make better tools , but to use other monkeys better as tools : primates who were better at deception , or at detecting deception in others , left more descendants .
Conflict is also deeply tied up with social psychology and anthropology , while evolutionary explanations for the human religious impulse involve both trust and conflict .
The dialogue between researchers in security and in psychology has thus been widening , bringing in people from usability engineering , protocol design , privacy , and policy on the one hand , and from social psychology , evolutionary biology , and behavioral economics on the other .
We believe that this new discipline will increasingly become one of the active contact points between computing and psychology – an exchange that has hugely benefited both disciplines for over a generation .
This page provides links to a number of key papers , workshops , the home pages of active researchers , relevant books , and other resources .
Complementary pages include my security economics resource page and Alessandro Acquisti's privacy economics page .
The most relevant regular event is the Security and Human Behaviour workshop .
Introductory Papers
Deception
Security and Usability
Social Attitudes to Risk
Behavioral Economics of Security
Miscellaneous Papers
Conferences
The Security and Human Behaviour workshop brings security engineers together with psychologists , behavioral economists and others .
See
the papers and the liveblog for SHB 2019 ;
the papers and the liveblog for SHB 2018 ;
the papers and the liveblog for SHB 2017 ;
the papers and the liveblog for SHB 2016 ;
the papers and the liveblog for SHB 2015 ;
the papers and the liveblog for SHB 2014 ;
the papers and the liveblog for SHB 2013 ;
the papers and the liveblog for SHB 2012 ;
the papers and the liveblog for SHB 2011 ;
the papers , liveblog and audio for SHB 2010 ;
the papers , liveblog and audio for 2009 ; and
the papers , liveblog and audio for the first meeting in 2008 .
Decepticon is a conference on deception we organised in August 2015 .
It brought together people interested in deception , whose publications used to be scattered between APLS , iIIRG , SARMAC , and EAPL conferences , as well as some technical and multidisciplinary events .
( See also the forthcoming special issue of Cognitive Science . )
Decepticon followed an earlier workshop on deception at Oxford in 2014 .
The second edition of Decepticon was in 2017 .
The Symposium On Usable Privacy and Security ( SOUPS ) is the workshop for research on the usability of security systems .
It has been running since 2005 ; here are the programs ( with links to the papers ) for 2005 , 2006 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , 2015 , 2016 , 2017 , 2018 and 2019 .
The Workshop on the Economics of Information Security ( WEIS ) has some relevant papers ; its focus is the interface between security and economics .
Here are the programs ( with links to the papers ) for 2002 , 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , 2015 , 2016 , 2017 , 2018 and 2019 .
Some relevant papers appear at other conferences including the Workshop on Socio - Technical Aspects of Security .
Community – Home Pages of People Interested in Security Psychology
Books
SAN FRANCISCO , Oct 3 ( Reuters ) - Film director Roman Polanski agreed to pay the victim in his sex crime case at least $ 500,000 as part of a civil settlement reached years after he fled the United States , the Los Angeles Times reported on Saturday .
Polanski reached a confidential settlement in 1993 with Samantha Geimer , the newspaper said , citing court filings made available on Friday .
The paper said it was not clear whether the filmmaker paid her .
The final document filed in August 1996 had him still owing Geimer $ 604,416 , according to the Times .
Geimer has acknowledged reaching a civil settlement with Polanski , the Times said .
Polanski , 76 , was arrested in Switzerland last weekend on a U.S. warrant and his lawyers say he will fight extradition to the United States where he faces a possible prison sentence for pleading guilty to having unlawful sex with a 13 - year - old Geimer in 1977 .
The Oscar - winning director of “ The Pianist , ” “ Rosemary ’s Baby ” and “ Chinatown ” fled the United States in 1978 .
He had served 42 days in detention but believed a judge would sentence him to years behind bars despite having made a plea agreement for time already served .
Lawyers for Polanski failed earlier this year to have the case against him dismissed because of suspected judicial misconduct in 1977 .
A Los Angeles judge ruled Polanski would have to return to California before he would consider a dismissal of the charges .
( Writing by Gabriel Madway ; Editing by Peter Cooney )
Posted by John , September 16th , 2009 - under Malthus , Marx , Overpopulation .
Tags : Engels
There is a “ common sense ” belief that has been at the heart of much discussion on the environment for many years – that there are simply too many people on the planet .
Leading environmentalist and adviser to Gordon Brown , Jonathan Porritt , is a patron of the Optimum Population Trust ( OPT ) .
He believes that “ each individual is responsible for their own carbon footprint ” .
The trust argues that Britain ’s population needs to drop to 30 million – the level it was at in the late 19th century .
Other environmentalists , such as David Attenborough and James Lovelock , are also patrons of the trust .
Groups like the OPT believe that by simply reducing the world ’s population we can create a more sustainable society .
Increase
It is an idea that informs government thinking at the highest level .
Immigration minister Phil Woolas believes that , “ You ca n’t have sustainability with an increase in population . ”
The argument echoes the ideas of the 18th century writer Thomas Malthus , who believed that growth in population would inevitably outstrip available food supply .
In particular , Malthus believed that the “ lower orders ” were primarily to blame , being too inclined to have children .
Malthus ’ ideas have no basis in science .
Britain for instance comfortably contains a population far in excess of that which Malthus believed would lead to mass starvation .
Improved science and agriculture have enabled us to produce far more food than ever before .
Rather than living in a time of shortages , the United Nations Food and Agricultural Organisation points out that there is 15 percent more food today per person than there was 20 years ago .
Recently it has shown that the total amount of land for crops in the world could be more than doubled .
Only 10 percent of the Guinea Savanna region of Africa , a vast area of around 600 million hectares , is cultivated .
An estimated 400 million hectares are suitable for farming .
When the great revolutionary Frederick Engels criticised Malthus , he turned the argument on its head .
Rather than asking why people are hungry , he wondered why there is n’t enough food produced .
“ The limits of production are determined not by the number of hungry bellies but by the number of purses able to buy and to pay , ” he wrote .
“ Bourgeois society does not and cannot wish to produce any more .
The moneyless bellies , the labour which cannot be utilised for profit and therefore cannot buy is left to the death - rate . ”
Capitalism had introduced gigantic steps forward in production .
More food could be produced than ever before , yet if you did n’t have any money , you starved .
There are more than enough resources to meet the needs of everyone on the planet – and there is the potential to revolutionise production and the way we organise society to do this in an environmentally sustainable way .
The priorities of the system stand in the way of doing this , not a growth in population .
This article first appeared in this week ’s edition of the British magazine Socialist Worker .
Get most recent update on Typhoon Mirinae forecast track and latest on potential for volcano eruption as Mirinae strikes the Philippines , CLICK HERE
Typhoon Mirinae was born from the developing Tropical Storm 23W , as expected .
The storm has been moving along at a pretty good clip .
So far it has tended to move faster than the general forecast .
I suspect that is why the Joint Typhoon Warning Center has gone along with the early forecast landing in the Philippines at around 12Z October 30 that is brought out by the NOGAPS model .
The GFS is remarkably similar to the NOGAPS in the track and intensity with both advertising a tropical cyclone with a central pressure somewhere between 992 and 1000 mb near the same location in the Luzon province that Typhoon Parma struck .
But , the GFS wants to take the storm into the Philippines somewhere between 12z and 18z October 31 .
Given the persistent forward speed and little evidence that there is much out there to slow this guy down , the early forecast landfall is probably a fair bet .
Tropical Storm 23 W not only has been moving faster than forecast , it also has developed faster than forecast .
It was not anticipated by the JTWC to become Typhoon Mirinae until 12Z October 28 but had done so by 18Z October 27 .
That is not overly significant except that it is obviously in a upswing mode .
The risk here is that with the storm ’s forward speed and the fact that its in an intensication process , odds are pretty high that the Philippines will be struck by a tropical cyclone that is intensifying , not weakening .
One thing that has been right on the money is the forecast track .
Typhoon Mirinae moved northwest south of Saipan near Andersen Air Force base while it was still Tropical Storm 23W .
As anticipated , the storm went a few hundred more miles on that course and now has taken a more westerly track .
The good news is that the forward speed that it is showing and that is forecast will mean that it would cross the Philippines in less than 24 hours .
That would tend to cut down on excessive rain , though very heavy rain in a short period of time can be expected .
The bad news is that Luzon cannot handle much in the way of heavy rain .
The storm flow will be slamming into the same mountainous regions that experienced mudslides from Typhoon Parma and Tropical Storm Ketsana and those mountains will do nothing but enhance the rainfall rates .
If the forecast holds and verifies , then Typhoon Mirinae will hit in almost the exact same spot at Typhoon Parma and will track due west near Manila , similar to Tropical Storm Ketsana .
Also , the forward momentum and expected maximum winds of 100 kts would create a pretty good storm surge to the right of the center of the landfall , which is something that did not occur with either Typhoon Parma or Tropical Storm Ketsana .
The flood ravaged Philippines is no where close to recovering from Parma and Ketsana as disease has now broken out in Luzon .
The World Health Organization is helping to try and control an outbreak of leptospirosis and if Mirinae does as expected , the situation will do nothing but get worse .
There is one more bit of bad news that could prove to be the biggest factor in the saga of the Philippines .
When I looked beyond the landfall time of Typhoon Mirinae , I noticed that the typhoon moves across the South China Sea into Vietnam , which means the exact same areas that got hit by Ketsana in both the Philippines and Vietnam will get nailed again and some of the areas affected in Vietnam by Parma will also get heavy rains and wind from Mirinae .
But , maybe more importantly I noticed another tropical cyclone right on the heels of Typhoon Mirinae .
It is not that well developed at only about 1008 mb .
But , both the NOGAPS and the GFS show this feature and it is forecast to track right into Luzon .
Often , a weak tropical cyclone can bring extremely heavy rains .
Since they are not well developed , they do n’t necessarily follow typical steering trends and often times will slow down and fall apart over one area , dropping a lot of rain .
This scenario is many days away if it were to occur , but it is showing up on at least two models .
So , its ’ worth noting .
WDPN32 PGTW 280300 MSGID / GENADMIN / NAVMARFCSTCEN
PEARL HARBOR HI / JTWC // SUBJ / PROGNOSTIC REASONING FOR TYPHOON 23W ( MIRINAE ) WARNING NR 09 // RMKS / 1 . FOR METEOROLOGISTS .
2 . 12 HOUR SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS .
A. TYPHOON ( TY ) 23 W ( MIRINAE ) IS TRACKING WESTWARD OVER THE PAST 12 HOURS AND HAS RAPIDLY INTENSIFIED TO 75 KNOTS .
DVORAK ESTIMATES FROM PGTW , KNES AND RJTD CURRENTLY SUPPORT INTENSITIES FROM 75 TO 90 KNOTS .
THIS FORECAST IS PRIMARILY BASED ON THE PGTW AND RJTD ESTIMATES .
MICROWAVE IMAGERY OVER THE PAST 12 HOURS HAS SHOWN A WELL DEFINED EYE HAS DEVELOPED , AND IS BEGINNING TO BE APPARENT IN MULTISPECTRAL IMAGERY AS WELL .
THE POLEWARD OUTFLOW CHANNEL HAS REMAINED WELL ESTABLISHED OVER THE PAST 12 HOURS WITH THE MID - LATITUDE TROUGH NORTH OF TY 23W THAT HAS STARTED TO LIFT OUT TO THE NORTHEAST .
STRONG ZONAL FLOW ACROSS SOUTHERN JAPAN IN THE UPPER LEVEL HAS STARTED TO REPLACE THE TROUGH AS THE PRIMARY MECHANISM FOR POLEWARD OUTFLOW .
THE COMBINATION OF THE TROUGH AND DEVELOPING ZONAL FLOW HAS SUPPORTED THE RECENT INTENSITY CHANGE OBSERVED .
RADIAL OUTFLOW , ASSOCIATED WITH AN UPPER LEVEL POINT SOURCE ANTI -CYCLONE LOCATED TO THE EAST OF TY 23W , HAS MAINTAINED AN EQUATORWARD OUTFLOW CHANNEL OVER THE PAST 12 HOURS .
3 . FORECAST REASONING A. THE FORECAST REASONING HAS NOT CHANGED SINCE THE PREVIOUS PROGNOSTIC REASONING BULLETIN .
B. TY 23W WILL MAINTAIN A GENERAL WESTWARD TRACK TOWARDS LUZON THROUGH TAU 72 UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF A WELL ESTABLISHED MID-LEVEL SUBTROPICAL RIDGE ( STR ) LOCATED TO THE NORTH OF MIRINAE .
OUTFLOW FROM THE MID - LATITUDE TROUGH AND ZONAL FLOW WILL DIMINISH SLIGHTLY OVER THE NEXT 24 HOURS , BUT CONTINUED RADIAL OUTFLOW WILL ALLOW FOR STEADY INTENSIFICATION THROUGH TAU 72 .
THE INTENSIFICATION WILL BE SUPPORTED BY LOW VERTICAL WIND SHEAR CONDITIONS PERSISTING THROUGH THE ENTIRE FORECAST , ALONG WITH FAVORABLE SEA SURFACE TEMPERATURES AND OCEAN HEAT CONTENT .
C. BEYOND TAU 72 MIRINAE IS EXPECTED TO MAKE LANDFALL WITH LUZON , WEAKEN AND SLOW SLIGHTLY DUE TO THE LAND INTERACTION , THEN CROSS INTO THE SOUTH CHINA SEA AROUND TAU 96 .
AS THE SYSTEM RE - CONSOLIDATES THE INTENSITY IS EXPECTED TO REMAIN STEADY THROUGH TAU 120 .
MODEL GUIDANCE IS IN GOOD AGREEMENT WITH THE FOLLOWING FORECAST , EXCEPT WITH THE SPEED OF ADVANCE OVER LUZON .
MODELS SUGGEST LITTLE TO NO SLOW - DOWN AS TY 23W CROSSES OVER LUZON .
THE FORECAST INCORPORATES A DECREASE IN TRACK SPEED FROM TAU 72 THROUGH 120 BASED ON LAND INTERACTION WITH THE LOW LEVEL CIRCULATION .// NNNN
Droid is the brand name being applied to Verizon 's Android devices .
It is n't a single phone .
The Sholes -- the phone we 've been calling the Droid so far -- may simply be known as the Droid .
HTC's Desire will be coming to market as the " Droid Eris . "
( Allow us to save you the Wikipedia lookup -- Eris is the Greek goddess of strife . )
Interestingly , it 's already up on gdgt as such .
Droid Eris will be released -- not announced , actually released -- on November 6 .
In all likelihood , it will not be announced or shown at Verizon 's October 28 event -- that will probably just be for the Sholes .
We just got some wild information from a trusted source about Verizon 's Android strategy , and let 's just say this shakes things up a little bit .
Here are the big takeaways : That 's all we 've got so far , but it 's a heck of a change in plans , is n't it ?
It 's interesting that Verizon will be applying a sub - brand to its Android line -- and a pretty solid sign that Big Red 's got a serious commitment to the platform going forward .
With the rise of modern technology , hand - drawn sketches are now converted and enhanced using state - of - the - art facilities .
Character Illustrations or Cartoons are now given more depth , texture and emotions through a wide - array of techniques used by modern designers .
Designers nowadays are able to play with their hand - drawn sketches - pushing the boundaries of their imagination .
Adobe Illustrator is one of the best applications when it comes in creating cartoons and illustrations because of the vector feature .
It preserves the quality and details of the artwork even if it has been resized .
Listed below are 45 +
Adobe Illustrator Tutorials for Creating Illustration Characters that will be useful for beginners , intermediate and advance users of Adobe illustrators in creating vector characters .
The following tutorial gives out tips in creating rhythm and flow in a character design .
With the help of Adobe Illustrator , you can also achieve this by following the tips given .
This tutorial applies the techniques in creating a vector character mascot from a sketch in Adobe Illustrator CS4 as well as other illustrations , icons , and design elements and legacy versions of Illustrator .
This tutorial will show you how to make your creations leap off the page with startling dimension .
A tutorial in creating a funny game character using Adobe Illustrator is given above .
Show Grid , Smart Guide and Snap to Grid will be used mainly in this tutorial .
Follow this Adobe Illustrator walkthrough on the creation of a cute little vector monster character .
The following tutorial uses the power of imagination in creating a character and adding a dynamic background effect .
The Pen Tool will be used mainly and will give you ultimate control over your line of work .
This tutorial helps you to create a cartoon bug using Adobe Illustrator and photoshop .
The tutorial provides with ideas in creating a character that is intended to be a mascot that is aimed for all ages .
Adding of details to the character using Adobe Illustrator are also discussed .
Symmetrical Illustration : Thug Bunny !
Using symmetry in creating a vector character is illustrated in the following tutorial with Adobe Illustrator .
The above tutorial will help you create a duck character using basic tools like pathfinder , knife and eye dropper tools through basic shapes .
Basic Shading and Lighting
This tutorial guides you in creating a lively character using elementary fundamentals in shading and lighting within a digital illustration .
With the use of Photoshop and Adobe illustrator , a hybrid of traditional soft shading and smooth vector artwork is created in this tutorial .
This project will need to access a pressure - sensitive graphics tablet .
Another type of tutorial using Adobe Illustrator on creating a vector character is the pirate cartoon character that uses 150d pi resolution .
A tutorial on vector illustration is given on the above tutorial using a pencil and paper , scanner , photoshop , illustrator , silhouette - which is a plug - in for Illustrator , and a digitizer tablet which is only optional .
Drawing a character ’s face in Illustrator
This tutorial will guide you in creating a cartoon or human - like caricature using Adobe illustrator .
Another tutorial in creating a bird character illustration for your twitter account .
This tutorial can be made using Adobe Illustrator CS4 but most of the steps can be retro-fitted to the earlier version of Adobe illustrator .
A tutorial on creating a cartoon zombie in adobe illustrator is given above with additional tips to make it more gruesome .
This tutorial will show you how to create a cool group of vector ninja characters using basic shapes as well as a variety of simple tools .
Another vector character that you can make using Adobe Photoshop is a cow .
The above tutorial will help you create one .
Another tutorial in creating vector characters for Illustrator beginners is discussed above .
The tutorial is on making a flying bat ghost .
The part 2 of the Monster Character series is on creating a Dumb Blue Sucker Monster .
This tutorial is also suitable for Illustrator beginners .
Another Monster Character series is the Angry Orange Monster which is also for beginners of Illustrator .
The last vector character of the Monster Character series is the Green Slimey Monster .
Check out the steps to create the final installment of the mini series .
This tutorial will help you create a fantasy pinup illustration using Illustrator CS3 .
This will also use Live Paint on the CS2 or CS3 Illustrator .
An Owl character is created in the above tutorial and it will walk you through the sketching stage using your pencil to Adobe Illustrator , after which will lead you to photoshop to add more details and give the image a washed look .
This intermediate tutorial is great for logos , children illustrations , and other projects relating to climate change .
Character Illustration
The above tutorial takes you to another level of creating a vector character for different agencies for logos , icons , illustrations , concepts , patterns and character design .
It documents the illustrative design process .
A cartoon character that illustrates emotions is illustrated above .
The tutorial will cover the steps for creating multicolor cartoon character that will include shadings .
Adobe CS3 , Wacom tablet , inked drawing and scanner are used to create the vector character .
The above tutorial will guide you in creating a Hippo Character with the use of simple shapes and simple drawing techniques .
After reading this tutorial , you will learn some basic skills for converting your vector character from a pencil doodle to a complete and fully - colored image plus learning some crucial Illustrator skills .
This tutorial will guide you in creating a Cartoon snail using Adobe Illustrator .
Another tutorial that uses simple shapes and gradients in creating a vector character is shown above .
The tutorial will guide you in making a bunny character and wo n’t require you to be an amazing artist .
The above tutorial will help you create a grumpy old man character in the Adobe Illustrator using the brush tool .
This will tutorial will guide you through the step - by - step process of creating a super cute fuzzy monster character using basic shapes , a variety of gradients and detailed fur effects .
A tutorial on creating vector illustrations and prepping the artwork for different sites are illustrated above which also includes several time - saving tools and tips .
Here is another tutorial in creating a chocolate bar character which will guide you through the building of the concept until the final touches
Another tutorial on adding fur to vector character is discussed in the tutorial above .
This time the effect will be applied to an animal character to add texture to the image .
Adobe CS3
Illustrator will be once again used in this type of art .
Tutorial : Twitterlove Bird , from sketch to vector in Photoshop and Illustrator
This tutorial will guide you in creating a twitterlove Bird using adobe illustrator and photoshop .
A tutorial on creating a vector cartoon is discussed above but with a different style .
Strokes or brushes are not used on the shapes .
Hence , shapes are placed on top of other shapes to vary the line weights .
Here is a tutorial that will help you create a panda bear face icon from ellipses where the techniques can also be applied to other icons , illustrations , logos , or other projects .
Another character that you can create using Adobe Illustrator will be Freddy the Fish .
Check out this tutorial for a step - by - step process .
If you are into the Emo trend , this is the tutorial for you .
This tutorial discusses the creation of funny looking cartoon style silhouettes .
Illustrator CS3 , pen , paper , scanner and Wacom tablet will be used in this tutorial .
This tutorial will guide you in creating cool drawings with circles using adobe illustrator , photoshop , and photofilter
This tutorial uses Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop in creating a visually appealing mascot and logo .
As an additional bonus , the article provides insight on the designing process and designer ’s workflow .
A step - by - step process of creating a sketch - to - illustration image is mentioned in this article .
Using adobe illustrator , a lovable monster was created .
Magic Mill is the official online documents publisher for the International Association of Fake Universities ( IAFU ) and its member institutions .
To access our discreet service for exclusive liberal arts colleges click here .
Issuance of diplomas , transcripts and letters of recommendation from IAFU members is contingent on visitors meeting IAFU Standard Graduation Criteria .
Please be sure you qualify before generating documents .
In case it is not otherwise apparent , " Magic Mill - Create a fake college diploma " is a humor website .
Similarities between names used and names of actual universities are for satiric purpose .
Documents are presented for their novelty value alone .
No personal information is collected , sold or otherwise used .
Privacy Statement
We believe Magic Mill diplomas are the best you 'll find anywhere .
This is certainly true of our deluxe novelty diplomas which are available by mail .
Thank you for your confidence in our craftsmanship .
Sept. 30 , 2009 -- WASHINGTON — As Congress debates the government 's role in health care , a report out Wednesday finds that state and federal officials failed to detect millions of dollars in Medicaid prescription drug abuse .
An audit of the government program in five large states found about 65,000 instances of beneficiaries improperly obtaining potentially addictive drugs at a cost of about $ 65 million during 2006 and 2007 — including thousands of prescriptions written for dead patients or by people posing as doctors .
The report , by the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) , represents " an enormous opportunity to save money , " says Sen .
Tom Carper , D - Del. , who has scheduled a hearing Wednesday on the findings .
When bills for the doctors ' visits are added , along with the potential for Medicaid fraud in states not reviewed by the GAO audit , Carper said : " We 're talking hundreds of millions of dollars . "
That could be good news for President Obama , who argues that a massive expansion of health care coverage can be funded by squeezing waste out of the current system .
But as Obama continues to press for a government - run health insurance plan , the GAO report also reveals shortcomings in how the government manages Medicaid .
The program for low - income and disabled Americans , run jointly by states and the federal government , underwrote more than $ 23 billion in drug costs last year .
The GAO audit focused on 10 types of frequently abused prescription drugs — painkillers and mood - altering medications .
Abuse of such medications is " second only to marijuana , " Joseph Rannazzisi of the Drug Enforcement Administration says in prepared testimony for the hearing .
A well - known example is the death of pop star Michael Jackson , which was ruled a homicide in August after revelations that the singer had pressed his personal physician to prescribe powerful sedatives to help him sleep .
The states targeted by the GAO — California , Illinois , New York , North Carolina and Texas — accounted for 40 % of Medicaid 's prescription drug payments in fiscal years 2006 and 2007 .
They are not fully taking advantage of federal databases or technology that could spot fraud , the report said .
The GAO found :
• About 65,000 cases where Medicaid beneficiaries visited six or more doctors and up to 46 different pharmacies to acquire prescriptions — a practice known as " doctor - shopping " that allows purchasers to exceed the legal limit of drugs .
• Sixty - five doctors or pharmacists writing or filling prescriptions after being banned from Medicaid , some for illegally selling such drugs .
• About 1,800 prescriptions written for dead patients and 1,200 prescriptions " written " by dead physicians .
States are working to prevent Medicaid prescription abuse but there are " significant issues that must be addressed , " Ann Kohler , director of the National Association of State Medicaid Directors , says in testimony prepared for the hearing .
One obstacle she identified : tight state budgets that are slowing needed information - technology improvements .
The estate of late actress Bea Arthur gave a top homeless youth service organization $ 300,000 for its operations .
Carl Siciliano , executive director of the Ali Forney Center in New York City , said his organization was " overwhelmed with gratitude that Bea saw that LGBT youth deserve as much love and support as any other young person and that she placed so much value in the work we do to protect them and to help them rebuild lives . "
The announcement comes after the center released details on a plan to establish a house to accommodate 12 homeless youths and name the building in Arthur 's honor .
The Ali Forney Center offers food , emergency housing , medical treatment , HIV testing , and educational training for as many as 1,000 young people annually .
A day after an effigy of the Grim Reaper stalked his speech in Edmonton , Canada , former President George W. Bush was on the defensive over his personal salvation .
Speaking to a $ 400 - a- seat crowd in Montreal , Bush told the roughly 1,000 attendees that his presidential decisionmaking was principled and moral .
“ I am confident that I made decisions based on principle , that I made calls as best I could , and I did not sell my soul , ” Bush said .
Outside his speech , the scene was anything but calm .
A throng of protesters burned a flaming effigy of the former president , who ’s taken his stump speech on the road across Canada .
He ’ll speak in three Canadian cities over a period of as many days .
ADVERTISEMENT
Did he have regrets ?
an audience member asked .
“ I spend a lot of time thinking about Katrina , and whether I could have sent in the federal troops right away , even though it was against the law , ” Bush replied .
He added he regretted the “ Mission Accomplished ” banner that accompanied him during a speech on an aircraft carrier after the early stages of his invasion of Iraq .
Protesters outside had more concrete opinions .
A protest organizer encouraged Bush opponents to bring old shoes , in reference to an Iraqi who threw a shoe at the President during a speech late in his presidency .
Speaking to the Vancouver Sun , an immigration lawyer who was among the protesters said Bush was responsible for numerous deaths in the Middle East .
Bush is culpable for “ cynically causing a war that is responsible for so many deaths and so much destruction , ” lawyer William Sloan was quoted as saying .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ He set back international law into the 1700s , ” Sloan added , “ violating every convention possible and seeming to revel in it . ”
Five protesters were reported to have been arrested .
In Edmonton , where Bush spoke earlier this week , a protester toted a representation of the Grim Reaper , which boasted a sign saying , “ GWB I am your biggest fan ” and “ Thanks for 8 great years . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Queen Elizabeth Hotel , where Bush spoke in Montreal , is also known for a popular peace anthem : John Lennon ’s “ Give Peace a Chance . ”
CIUDAD JUÁREZ , Mexico 
Several masked men armed with automatic weapons stormed into a drug rehabilitation center in this violent border city on Wednesday night , lined up recovering drug addicts and alcoholics against a wall and opened fire at point - blank range , killing 17 people and wounding three .
The attack , within sight of the border with the United States , was a shocking new low in the wave of vicious crimes Mexico has endured since President Felipe Calderón began a frontal assault on the nation ’s drug gangs in December 2006 .
Rehab clinics have been a special target in Juárez , with cartels hunting for rivals who might be hiding in the clinics or recruiting in them .
Image Authorities stood outside the drug rehabilitation clinic after the attack by gunmen on Wednesday evening .
Credit ... Alejandro Bringas / Reuters
After investigators had removed the bodies early Thursday morning and rushed the survivors to the hospital , relatives of the victims at the Aliviane rehab center pushed inside .
A thick layer of blood covered the concrete floor , from the entrance to the courtyard to the sleeping quarters .
A chained dog had been shot , while another huddled in a corner , unhurt .
The smell of death hung in the air .
On 9 October 1989 , the BBC's Diplomatic Editor Brian Hanrahan defied East Germany 's attempts to halt reporting of one of the first big demonstrations against the communist system , in the city of Leipzig .
Here , he recalls how he got the news out that night .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Getting to the demonstration was always going to be the hardest part .
Which is why , on that Monday morning , I ended up travelling from Berlin to Leipzig in a crowded railway carriage and taking an excessive interest in peering through the smudged windows as I tried to pass for an East German .
That meant striking the right attitude to my fellow passengers , which would neither annoy nor engage them .
And practising a kind of disinterested shrug for the ticket collector .
I could n't afford for them to discover that I did n't speak a word of German .
I was convinced that the Stasi , East Germany 's all too efficient secret police , would be watching for foreign journalists .
At Leipzig station , the Stasi were out in force - a ring of hard - faced men scrutinising all the passengers and occasionally swooping on anyone who looked too well - dressed .
I was getting the hang of this secret agent lark , but my heart palpitations were telling me it was not a career choice I 'd want to make
I had chosen my wardrobe with special care for this appearance - a shirt with frayed cuffs and collar , a crumpled raincoat with a chipped button , shoes that were scuffed and badly polished .
" Show time , " I thought , walking forward with the other passengers - the gait of a man anxious to get home but not too pushy or assertive .
The bag with the small camera with which we intended to film the demonstration practically seemed to scream " Open me " .
How could they not notice it ?
This must be what it 's like to be a spy , I thought - always acting , always worried about doing the wrong thing , always fearing that somebody would see right through your pretence .
Even the relief at getting through the cordon of watchers unchecked could n't be allowed to show .
I had to walk on confidently into a city I 'd never seen and had n't the faintest idea where to go .
Fortunately , down the first side road I turned into outside the station , there was a cafe .
It was busy enough for the waitresses not to take much notice of me , but not so busy that I could n't dawdle over a coffee to get my bearings .
I was getting the hang of this secret agent lark , but my heart palpitations were telling me it was not a career choice I 'd want to make .
The Leipzig protests sparked a tidal wave of demonstrations across the country A couple of minutes later I was followed in by the producer , who fortunately could speak German , and cameraman .
We had decided to leave the station separately to increase the chances of one of us getting through .
So the first hurdle was over .
We were in the right city .
Now all we had to do was find the demonstration without drawing too much attention to ourselves .
Sense of menace
The deception job had started a week earlier when word circulated that a Monday church service in Leipzig kept turning into a political demonstration .
I was determined to get there the following week - but equally determined not to tell anyone what I was doing .
In a scene that was sheer James Bond , we escaped out the other side while the Stasi were jostled and tripped by the crowd
So , when the news editor rang from London to ask what I thought about Leipzig , I was dismissive .
" Not very important , impossible to get there , not worth trying , " I said .
I already had evidence that the Stasi were listening in to our telephone calls and I did n't want them to suspect what we had in mind .
Throughout the week I kept telling London I did n't want to go , even hinting that I was intimidated by the thought of a big riot .
My boss was surprisingly indulgent ; maybe he guessed what I was up to .
And if the Stasi listeners thought they had frightened me off , so much the better .
They could all be surprised when I turned up .
Around the city on that Monday night there was a palpable sense of menace .
Riot police with shields were blocking the main roads ; armed troops and militia were backed up in the side streets ; hospitals were on standby for casualties ; and inside the Stasi headquarters , I later learnt , they had pistols and rifles loaded with live ammunition pointing at the demonstrators as they passed by .
A massacre on the scale of Tiananmen Square was on the cards and only averted when the local communist leadership backed down .
They ignored their orders from East Berlin to stop the march by any means necessary , and struck a deal with the protesters that they could go ahead provided the demonstration stayed peaceful .
But it was all very last minute .
Out on the streets we had no idea how close it had all come to disaster .
But if the Stasi had laid off the demonstrators , they were now playing hunt the media .
At one point , as we were trying to get pictures from a footbridge , I saw a group of men running up the steps towards us .
We fled down the other side and ran into the demonstration for protection telling everyone who would listen that the Stasi were following .
In a scene that was sheer James Bond , we escaped out the other side while the Stasi were jostled and tripped by the crowd .
Later , we got more evidence of how much effort the Stasi were putting in to preventing news of the demonstration getting out .
Earlier in the day , I had checked into a room in Leipzig 's best hotel .
I knew it would draw attention to us but there was a prize .
East Germany controlled international telephone calls by forcing you to use an operator .
This hotel was one of the few places in the country from which you could direct dial London .
As the demonstration wound down , I went back to the hotel and called the BBC .
At the other end , I knew , we had a very efficient and discreet unit that could record a radio dispatch instantly , and would play along if I wanted to make it sound like a phone call to my aunt rather than the news desk .
I got through , recorded a 60 second dispatch , instantly put the phone down and headed for the door .
By the time I got there I could see through the spyhole that someone was coming down the corridor to check the room .
He hovered outside for a minute or two listening , and then went back up the corridor , presumably to ask if he should arrest me .
I did n't wait to find out .
As soon as he disappeared from view I ran down the hotel fire escape and joined the rest of the team waiting in the hotel 's Japanese restaurant .
We had to while away a few hours until the midnight train back to Berlin , and thought this was the last place the Stasi would look .
The meal was very good and very expensive .
But I thought my boss would be in a forgiving mood after the evening 's success in outflanking the Stasi .
And anyway are n't secret agents expected to eat at exotic restaurants ?
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After initially being taken offline by Swedish authorities , and after its first escape route failed , The Pirate Bay has returned with all guns blazing .
With a modified copy of one of Churchill 's most famous speeches , The Pirate Bay team tells the public that they will defend the Internet , with or without the site .
When The Pirate Bay was shut down yesterday many believed that this was the end for the Internet ’s largest BitTorrent tracker .
However , despite the fact that the site is set to be sold later this week , the Pirate Bay team worked around the clock to serve their users in these final hours .
A mere three hours after it went offline the site reappeared from a different location , but because of technical issues at the new ISP a full comeback took almost a day .
The site is back online and the tracker is expected to follow soon .
The Pirate Bay team has always anticipated an unwanted disconnection of the site .
After their servers were raided in 2006 several measures were taken to ensure that the site could simply come back online from a new location in a few hours , and this is the first time that this backup plan had been executed .
With its reemergence the people behind the site hope to show the authorities and the entertainment industry that the war is not over just yet .
Perhaps it ’s only the beginning of a battle on a different front .
The future will tell .
A few minutes ago , the Pirate Bay team released the following statement , adapted from Churchill ’s famous “ We Shall Fight On the Beaches ” speech .
Make of it what you will .
We have , ourselves , full confidence that if all do their duty , if nothing is neglected , and if the best arrangements are made , as they are being made , we shall prove ourselves once more able to defend our Internets , to ride out the storm of war , and to outlive the menace of tyranny , if necessary for years , if necessary alone .
Even though large parts of Internets and many old and famous trackers have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Ifpi and all the odious apparatus of MPAA rule , we shall not flag or fail .
We shall go on to the end , we shall fight in France , we shall fight on the ef-nets and darknets , we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air , we shall defend our Internets , whatever the cost may be , we shall fight on the beaches , we shall fight on the baywords.org , we shall fight on the /. and on the digg , we shall fight in the courts ; we shall never surrender , and if , which I do not for a moment believe , the Internets or a large part of it were subjugated and starving , then our Empire beyond the seas , armed and guarded by the Anon Fleet , would carry on the struggle , until , in Cerf ’s good time , the New World , with all its power and might , steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old .
Signed ; The Pirate Bay Crew – Now until needed .
Update : Users of the anti-virus program
Avast report that TPB has been blacklisted as a malicious site after the site returned .
What is Web
The World Wide Web ( commonly abbreviated as " the Web " ) is a very large set of interlinked hypertext documents accessed via the Internet .
The World Wide Web enabled the spread of information over the Internet through an easy - to - use and flexible format .
It thus played an important role in popularizing use of the Internet .
The Internet consists of a worldwide collection of computers and sub- networks exchanging data using wires , cables and radio links , whereas the World Wide Web is a huge set of documents , images and other ' resources ' linked by an abstract ' web ' of hypertext links and URLs .
. Fig.1-Versions of Web 1.0 , Web 2.0 & Web 3.0
Web 1.0 : In web 1.0 it is webmaster responsibility to keep the website updated and provide useful and informative content to the end user .
Examples of web 1.0 are Double click , Kodak express , personal website etc .
Web 2.0 is more than search for information .
User is searching for information and experience .
Users want to share their opinion , thoughts on his / her interested topic .
Web 2.0 contains more organized and categorized content and signifies the phenomenal change that gradually overtook the ‘ web-as- an - information - source ’ Web 1.0 to ‘ web-as-participation -platform ’ Web 2.0 .
Flckr , bloglines , technorati etc. are some of the Web 2.0 applications .
Web 3.0 is defined as the creation of high - quality content and services produced by gifted individuals using Web 2.0 technology as an enabling platform .
Web 2.0 services like digg and YouTube evolve into Web 3.0 services with an additional layer of individual excellence and focus .
Web 2.0 - Emerged trend from Web Services
Mashup ’s and Web 2.0 were the emerged trends from web services .
Web Services
Web services describes a standardized way of integrating Web - based applications using the XML , SOAP , WSDL and UDDI open standards over an Internet .
XML is used to tag the data , SOAP is used to transfer the data , WSDL is used for describing the services available and UDDI is used for listing what services are available .
Used primarily as a means for businesses to communicate with each other and with clients , Web services allow organizations to communicate data without intimate knowledge of each other 's IT systems behind the firewall .
XML
Extensible Markup Language , a specification developed by the W3C .
XML is a pared - down version of SGML , designed especially for Web documents .
It allows designers to create their own customized tags , enabling the definition , transmission , validation , and interpretation of data between applications and between organizations .
SOAP
Simple Object Access Protocol , a lightweight XML - based messaging protocol used to encode the information in Web service request and response messages before sending them over a network .
SOAP messages are independent of any operating system or protocol and may be transported using a variety of Internet protocols , including SMTP , MIME , and HTTP .
WSDL
Web Services Description Language , an XML - formatted language used to describe a Web service 's capabilities as collections of communication endpoints capable of exchanging messages .
WSDL is an integral part of UDDI , an XML - based worldwide business registry .
WSDL is the language that UDDI uses .
WSDL was developed jointly by Microsoft and IBM .
UDDI
Universal Description , Discovery and Integration .
It is a Web - based distributed directory that enables businesses to list themselves on the Internet and discover each other , similar to a traditional phone book 's yellow and white pages .
Mash -ups & WEB 2.0
Mash -up
Mash - ups mix at least two different services from disparate , and even competing , Web sites .
A mash - up , for example , could overlay traffic data from one source on the Internet over maps from Yahoo , Microsoft , Google or any content provider .
This capability to mix and match data and applications from multiple sources into one dynamic entity is considered by many to represent the promise of the Web service standard .
The term mash - up comes from the hip - hop music practice of mixing two or more songs .
With so many businesses and software companies building services on top of platforms , many expect to see the World Wide Web of today ( called Web 1.0 ) transform into a full - fledged computing platform serving Web applications i.e. , World Wide Web as a platform is Web 2.0 .
Web 2.0 , a perceived second generation of web development and design , that aims to facilitate communication , secures information sharing , interoperability , and collaboration on the World Wide Web .
Web 2.0
Web 2.0 includes RIA ( Rich internet applications ) that is for share their experience online .
SOA ( Service oriented architecture ) is also used in Web 2.0 .
Flckr , bloglines , technorati etc. are some of the Web 2.0 applications that allow user to share their experiences and allow to edit and provide drag and drop facilities .
RIA ( Rich internet applications )
Ajax and flash are key technologies that are used to make rich internet applications .
Ajax ( Asynchronous JavaScript and xml ) is basically used for overall application usability .
Whereas flash is used for better presentation and user experience .
With the help of these applications user can drag and drop their interesting and informative content , create a link , edit and tag these links online and can share at the same time .
Blogging is also one of the best example of Web 2.0 , where user can write something about their interests and linking to something that they find interesting , share via RSS feeds ( really simply syndication ) .
Although most of the blogs were manually updated , but now some RIA is developed to maintain it easily to automate the maintenance of such sites , and the use of some sort of browser - based software is now a typical aspect of " blogging " .
RSS - Really Simple Syndication and Rich Site Summary .
RSS is an XML - based format for content distribution .
Webmasters create an RSS file containing headlines and descriptions of specific information .
While the majority of RSS feeds currently contain news headlines or breaking information the long term uses of RSS are broad .
RSS is a defined standard based on XML with the specific purpose of delivering updates to web - based content .
Using this standard , webmasters provide headlines and fresh content in a succinct manner .
Meanwhile , consumers use RSS readers and news aggregators to collect and monitor their favorite feeds in one centralized program or location .
Content viewed in the RSS reader or news aggregator is place known as an RSS feed .
Web 3.0 : Web Sites as Web Services
Web has terabytes of information available to humans , but hidden from computers that are difficult for machines to process .
Web 3.0 , which is likely to be a pre-cursor of the real semantic web , is going to change this
Fig.2 - Web 3.0 will likely plug into your individual tastes and browsing habits .
­
Layers of Web 3.0
Web 3.0 divided into three ( and a half ) distinct layers .
API services form the foundation layer .
These are the raw hosted services that have powered Web 2.0 and will become the engines of Web 3.0 — Google ’s search and AdWords APIs , Amazon ’s affiliate APIs , a seemingly infinite ocean of RSS feeds , a multitude of functional services , such as those included in the StrikeIron Web Services Marketplace , and many other examples .
Some of the providers , like Google and Amazon , are important players .
One of the most significant characteristics of this layer is that it is a commodity layer .
Aggregation services form the middle layer .
These are the intermediaries that take some of the hassle out of locating all those raw API services by bundling them together in useful ways .
Obvious examples today are the various RSS aggregators , and emerging web services marketplaces like the StrikeIron service .
There will be some lucrative businesses operating in this layer , but it ’s not where most of the big money will be made .
Application services form the top layer .
This is where the biggest , most durable profits will be found .
These will not be like the established application categories we are used to , such as CRM , ERP or office , but a new class of composite applications that bring together functionality from multiple services to help users achieve their objectives in a flexible , intuitive and self - evident way .
Serviced clients are the ‘ and - a - half ’ layer .
There is a role for client - side logic in the Web 3.0 landscape , but users will expect it to be maintained and managed on their behalf , which is why to call these clients ’ serviced ’ .
Whether those clients are based on browser technology or on Windows technology is moot point that shall also be returning to .
After all , everyone will want to know what role Microsoft might play in Web 3.0 .
In ' Web 3.0 ' web sites will be transformed into web services and will expose their information to the world .
The transformation will happen in one of two ways .
Some web sites will follow the example of Amazon , delicious and Flickr and will offer their information via a REST API .
Others will try to keep their information proprietary , but it will be opened via mashups created using services like Dapper , Teqlo and Yahoo !
Pipes .
The net effect will be that unstructured information will give way to structured information
Unstructured to Structured - Web Scraping
Web Scraping is essentially reverse engineering of HTML pages .
It can also be thought of as parsing out chunks of information from a page .
Web pages are coded in HTML , which uses a tree - like structure to represent the information .
The actual data is mingled with layout and rendering information and is not readily available to a computer .
Scrapers are the programs that " know " how to get the data back from a given HTML page .
They work by learning the details of the particular markup and figuring out where the actual data is .
Fig.3- Web Scraper
Dapper , Teqlo , Yahoo !
Pipes - scraping technologies
Yahoo !
Pipes , a new app from Yahoo ! focused on remixing RSS feeds .
Teqlo , has recently launched focuses on letting people create mashups and widgets from web services and RSS .
Before both of these , Dapper launched a generic scraping service for any web site .
Dapper is an interesting technology that facilitates the scraping of the web pages , using a visual interface .
It works by letting the developer define a few sample pages and then helping her denote similar information using a marker .
This looks simple , but behind the scenes Dapper uses a non-trivial tree - matching algorithm to accomplish this task .
Once the user defines similar pieces of information on the page , Dapper allows the user to make it into a field .
By repeating the process with other information on the page , the developer is able to effectively define a query that turns an unstructured page into a set of structured records .
The net effect - Web Sites become Web Services
Fig.4 - The net effect of apps like Dapper and Teqlo
So bringing together Open APIs ( like the Amazon E - Commerce service ) and scraping / mashup technologies , gives us a way to treat any web site as a web service that exposes its information .
The information , or to be more exact the data , becomes open .
In turn , this enables software to take advantage of this information collectively .
With that , the Web truly becomes a database that can be queried and remixed .
Scraping technologies are actually fairly questionable .
In a way , they can be perceived as stealing the information owned by a web site .
The whole issue is complicated because it is unclear where copy / paste ends and scraping begins .
It is okay for people to copy and save the information from web pages , but it might not be legal to have software do this automatically .
But scraping of the page and then offering a service that leverages the information without crediting the original source , is unlikely to be legal .
But it does not seem that scraping is going to stop .
Just like legal issues with Napster did not stop people from writing peer - to - peer sharing software or the more recent YouTube lawsuit is not likely to stop people from posting copyrighted videos .
Information that seems to be free is perceived as being free .
The opportunities that will come after the web has been turned into a database are just too exciting to pass up .
Web Sites as Web Services
There are several good reasons why Web Sites ( online retailers in particular ) , should think about offering an API .
The most important reason is control .
Having an API will make scrapers unnecessary , but it will also allow tracking of who is using the data - as well as how and why .
Like Amazon , sites can do this in a way that fosters affiliates and drives the traffic back to their sites .
The old perception is that closed data is a competitive advantage .
The new reality is that open data is a competitive advantage .
The likely solution then is to stop worrying about protecting information and instead start charging for it , by offering an API .
Having a small fee per API call ( think Amazon Web Services ) is likely to be acceptable , since the cost for any given subscriber of the service is not going to be high .
Fig.5- Web Sites as Web Services
As more and more of the Web is becoming remixable , the entire system is turning into both a platform and the database .
Yet , such transformations are never smooth .
For one , scalability is a big issue .
And of course legal aspects are never simple .
But it is not a question of if web sites become web services , but when and how .
APIs are a more controlled , cleaner and altogether preferred way of becoming a web service .
However , when APIs are not available or sufficient , scraping is bound to continue and expand .
As always , time will be best judge .
Conclusion
Web 2.0 uses the Internet to make connections between people ; Web 3.0 will use the Internet to make connections with information .
The Semantic Web , Web 3.0 will be able to interpret user input and tailor the Web surfing experience to make it more relevant and personal .
' Web 3.0 ' will lead major web sites transformed into web services - and will effectively expose their information to the world .
References
( Updates with court hearing )
WASHINGTON , Sept 24 ( Reuters ) -
An Illinois man was ordered held on Thursday on charges he tried to blow up a federal building in the state capital , a case unrelated to the New York terrorism plot .
Michael Finton , also known as Talib Islam , was arrested in Springfield , Illinois , and charged with attempted murder of federal officers or employees and trying to use a weapon of mass destruction , charges that carry a life sentence .
“ Fortunately , a coordinated undercover law enforcement effort was able to thwart his efforts and ensure no one was harmed , ” David Kris , assistant Attorney General for National Security , said in a statement .
Finton was arrested on Wednesday in Springfield as he used a cell phone to try to detonate the bomb he believed was inside a van he had just parked outside the federal building .
Appearing in a courtroom on Thursday in the same building he is accused of targeting , Finton waived his right to a detention hearing .
U.S. Magistrate Judge Byron Cudmore appointed a public defender to represent Finton and ordered him held pending an indictment by a grand jury .
Finton said he worked part - time as a restaurant cook , according to the State Journal - Register newspaper .
The criminal complaint said Finton , 29 , converted to Islam while in prison on other charges .
It said he idolized an American who allied with the Taliban , John Walker Lindh , drawing the attention of law enforcement authorities .
After returning from a trip to Saudi Arabia in 2008 , Finton told an individual , who turned out to be a law enforcement source , that he wanted to fight against Israelis in the Gaza Strip , according to the complaint .
In early 2009 , “ it appeared that Finton was on the verge of taking action , so it was decided to proactively provide him with an opportunity for action that we controlled , rather than merely hoping to be able to find out and stop him , ” according to a government affidavit .
He was introduced to an undercover FBI agent who began working with him to plot an attack , but Finton was repeatedly told he could walk away at any time , according to the Justice Department .
Eventually , Finton picked the federal building in Springfield as the target and on Wednesday he parked a van he believed carried one ton of explosives at the location , the complaint said .
The Justice Department said the case was unrelated to another suspected terrorism plot in New York , where an Afghan - born man was charged with conspiring to launch a bombing attack in the United States using chemicals that form triacetone triperoxide .
( Reporting by Jeremy Pelofsky in Washington and Andy Kravetz in Illinois , editing by Doina Chiacu )
. .
« If Versus loses distribution outlets , what will the health of WEC be ? | Home | Musashi : I ’ll retire , but give me one more K - 1 GP tournament shot »
By Zach Arnold | August 26 , 2009
He ’s not a happy camper about what Anderson Silva has had to say about him and he wo n’t be happy with Marquardt ’s comments about their upcoming fight this weekend as not a bout in a random jiu - jitsu tournament .
Maybe Maia can call the BJJ Police .
Topics : Media , MMA , UFC , Zach Arnold | 3 Comments » | Permalink | Trackback |
For the past 5 years , I ’ve been asked the following question over and over again …
Steve , why do you still have a day job ?
Why do you work when your businesses generate so much money ?
Well several weeks ago , I finally gave notice at my job .
Soon , I will no longer be an engineering director of microprocessor design .
Soon , I will be giving up a skill that I ’ve studied for as long as I can remember .
After working at the same company for 17 years , all of a sudden I ’m going to have an extra 32 - 40 hours free that I ’ll need to figure out what to do with : )
The funny thing is that most people do n’t like their jobs but I can honestly say that I loved mine .
All of my colleagues and peers were all Stanford or MIT PhDs and I was consistently challenged every single day .
In fact , I ’ve written at length in the past on why I never considered quitting , but a couple of recent epiphanies finally pushed me over the edge .
For one thing , I ’ve come to realize that my kids are getting older at an insanely fast pace and I do n’t want to miss any of it .
Right now , they are at a golden age where they actually WANT to hang out with me and who knows how long that will last .
In addition as they ’ve gotten older , their activities have grown exponentially and I want to be more involved .
I ’m even considering coaching some of their sports teams .
Bottom line , I started all of my businesses to spend more time with family and I do n’t want to lose track of that vision .
But it ’s been tough .
Even though my businesses do n’t require more than 12 - 15 hours per week to maintain , I ’m constantly bombarded with new opportunities that are difficult to turn down .
For example I started my conference , The Sellers Summit , with my friend Toni Anderson on a whim because it was something that I ’ve always wanted to do .
Now that I ’m no longer working as a hardware engineer , I ’ve also been searching for something technical to fill the void .
So starting sometime in July , I ’ll be working with a friend to start a small software company .
Actually , calling it a “ software company ” is a bit of a stretch .
Initially , we plan on creating some tools to help ecommerce sellers with their businesses but it could lead to something bigger .
Anyway , I ’m definitely at a crossroads in my life and I wanted to take a quick moment to reflect on some of the major lessons I ’ve learned leading up to this point .
Here are some words of wisdom from a random Chinese guy on the Internet : )
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Store
If you are interested in starting an ecommerce business , I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
Always Have A Backup Plan
Even if you are happy with your job and the current status quo , you should always have a backup plan because you never know when your priorities will change .
For the past 17 years , I ’ve been very happy at my day job and could have realistically worked there for another 17 years .
But my kids completely changed the picture .
If you want to be in control of your own destiny and if you want flexibility in your life , then you need to have an alternative income on the side .
NO EXCUSES !
There are 168 hours in a week .
You spend roughly 56 hours sleeping , 40 hours working , 36 hours eating / showering / taking care of yourself which still leaves 36 hours to do whatever you want .
Take advantage of this time to plant your seeds of wealth BEFORE you need the money .
I started MyWifeQuitHerJob.com 6 years before I needed the income .
My wife and I started BumblebeeLinens.com a full year before my wife knew she was going to quit .
Anything That Is Easy Will Not Lead To Long Term Success
After running my blog for the past 7 years , I ’ve encountered so many people who want to get rich quick .
And their first question to me is always …
What is the fastest way to make money ?
What ’s the easiest way to start ?
Unfortunately , this is the absolute wrong way to approach a business .
In fact , I would go as far as to say that the easier your path , the less sustainable your business model .
Let ’s take blogging as an example .
There are hundreds of thousands of people who have started blogs in search of great riches because it ’s so easy to do .
All you need is $ 3.95 / month and you can launch your own wordpress site .
But because the barriers to entry are so low , there ’s a ridiculous amount of competition and you have to do something extraordinary to stand out in the crowd .
The people who succeed at blogging today are those who either started when it was much less saturated or those who are doing something incredible that makes them stand out .
The world of ecommerce is no different .
Right now Amazon is hot but I give it a few more years until the platform becomes completely saturated with random sellers .
You can either hop on early ( right now ) or you can wait until it gets much more difficult .
When my wife and I started Bumblebee Linens , we made a commitment to sell products that were a pain in the butt to fulfill .
Doing custom embroidery sucks .
Not only are the machines expensive but it also requires some expertise to stitch out embroidered designs in volume .
But custom embroidery on demand is a value add that allows our little shop to stand out .
Design Matters
The design of your website matters and I was just reminded of this important lesson 3 months ago when my mastermind colleagues ripped my site to shreds .
If you have your own brand and web property , you ca n’t neglect the aesthetics and usability of your site .
Customers who shop in your store evaluate whether they are going to buy from you within the first 5 seconds so you really have to make those seconds count .
By having an attractive and usable design , you can drastically increase the likelihood of a purchase .
If you have n’t read my post already , I recently wrote about how my last site redesign resulted in a 42 % increase in conversions .
Check it out .
Never Call Yourself An Expert
When I first launched my ecommerce course back in 2011 , everyone started calling me an ecommerce guru and I fell into the trap of playing that role .
But here ’s the thing .
As soon as you start believing that you ’re an expert in your field , your mind instantly shuts off .
All of a sudden , you find yourself less willing to learn new things because you feel like you know everything already .
And what ’s worse , being an expert makes it difficult to openly admit that you do n’t know something because everybody expects you to be a master in your field .
So here ’s my advice even if you are awesome at what you do .
Tell yourself that …
You do n’t know everything there is to know about a subject
there is to know about a subject
You can learn from everyone regardless of skill level
regardless of skill level
You are a student just like everyone else
just like everyone else
You must keep up with the latest trends in order to stay relevant
If you tell yourself these things everyday , you will keep an open mind and constantly learn .
Do Something Different And Better .
Do Not Follow
While I love the opportunities that Amazon has presented to us in the ecommerce space , I ’ve found that there are way too many people out there just throwing up “ me too ” products online .
Go on Alibaba .
Find a product that has a decent profit margin .
Import said product as - is with no changes .
List the product on Amazon and make short term money .
While this formula does in fact work right now , it ’s definitely not a good long term strategy .
If you sell stuff and do n’t make it your own , it ’s just a matter of time until someone will find the exact same vendor and copy you .
So instead of throwing up a bunch of “ easy to source ” products , take some time to design a better mousetrap .
Take some time to create your own design or to provide a value add that no one else is providing .
Do something different and do n’t follow everyone else .
The same principle holds true with all of the “ how to ” advice on selling online that is circulating around the web .
If you follow the same rules for niche research and sourcing as everyone else , you ’ll end up selling the exact same products as everyone else .
So take all of the guidelines and strategies you learn with a grain a salt and find your own path .
The Best Way To Succeed Is To Care About Others
First off , I want to emphasize that it ’s impossible to run a successful business in a vacuum .
Your ability to achieve your goals will largely be dependent on your network and your ability to work with others .
That ’s why I ’m such a HUGE believer in attending conferences .
Even though I have 2 kids and run 4 businesses , I still find the time to travel to 4 - 5 conferences every year .
In fact , none of my businesses would have taken off had I not put myself out there to meet other like minded entrepreneurs .
But establishing new contacts at networking events is only half the battle .
If you truly want to foster lifelong relationships with your peers , you have to care .
What does it mean to care ?
It means being willing to help without expecting anything in return .
to help without expecting anything in return .
It means trying to get to know someone personally instead of treating them as a resource .
to get to know someone personally instead of treating them as a resource .
It means delving deeply beneath the surface of small talk .
If you want grow your business , start by helping others first and let reciprocity take its course .
Be Bold And Amazing And People Will Seek You Out
I spent the first half of my blogging career as a complete unknown and no one gave me the time of day .
Why ?
It ’s because my content was pretty bad and I focused on quantity over quality .
I wrote middle of the road pieces that regurgitated what other entrepreneurial blogs were already writing about .
In fact , it was n’t until I started writing more personal posts did people start taking notice .
I started expressing my opinions more and incorporating my personality into my writing .
In short , I stopped caring about pleasing everybody and just let the words flow .
So today , I try to be different and write whatever comes to my mind instead of the water downed fluff that a lot of other entrepreneurial blogs put out .
And whenever I reach out to influencers with larger audiences than my own , I usually go all out and take a few risks .
Here ’s an example of an email I wrote to Tony Horton of P90X to make myself more “ memorable ” .
Editor ’s Note :
If you are n’t familiar with Tony Horton , he created P90X which is one of the best selling workout videos of all time .
Hey Tony , Shawna , Awesome interview today !
Unfortunately as a podcaster , I ’m forced to perform extensive due diligence on all of my guests .
And here ’s what I uncovered after just a tiny bit of Googling .
Shawna , you were incredible in helping arrange the interview but I ’m not sure that I can air the episode in light of the following scandal .
( See press release below ) Sincerely , Steve Tony Horton Caught In Junk Food Scandal .
Fitness Career Over Brentwood , CA , April 1 , 2015 PRNewswire – Tony Horton , the award winning creator of the home exercise hit P90X , was spotted today on an epic junk food binge .
Tony ( pictured below ) was photographed chomping down on McDonald ’s french fries in a room littered with dirty junk food wrappers .
Judging by the amount of trash in the room , experts estimate that he ’d been consuming filth for approximately 4 weeks .
“ First I gave up carbs .
Then I stopped eating sugar .
And enough was enough !!!!! ” ,
Tony was quoted as saying as he shoved a handful of fries into his mouth .
His fitness career over , Tony was last spotted trying out for the Chippendales Senior Citizen tour .
Maintaining an impeccable body and being a role model for mens health was too much for Tony which just goes to show that even well known fitness stars do n’t always have their act together .
About Tony Horton Fitness : Tony Horton ’s mission is to helps millions of people stay in shape and eat right .
His next book “ Eating Like Sh$ % ” is due to hit bookstores later this year .
The moral of the story is to be bold , stand out and do n’t fear the consequences .
Let your personality shine and stop playing it safe .
The Difference Between Success and Failure Is Just A Decision To Keep Trying .
This last lesson is definitely a cliche but it ’s the most important lesson of them all .
When I first started my blog , I had zero readers for over a year .
In fact , it took me well over 3 years to generate any sort of meaningful income .
If I had given up early , I would have missed out on making 700 K last year .
When I first launched my online store , I had very little sales for the first month .
My wife and I wanted to give up and call it a day .
But we kept with it and managed to replace my wife ’s salary in a single year .
The key to succeeding in business is not to give up at the first roadblock , or the second or the third .
Give yourself a 3 - 5 year time horizon and understand that it ’s a marathon and not a sprint .
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
A Christian school in Glendale expelled the children of a parent who persistently asked questions about how the private school was spending its tuition money .
Lise Hopson had been asking Joy Christian School in Glendale why she paid tuition when a public charter school , Sequoia Choice , was providing the bulk of the private school 's academic courses .
Charter schools , like all publicly funded schools , are free .
Hopson told The Arizona Republic in September that she never received a satisfactory answer from Joy Christian School or its affiliated church , the Community Church of Joy .
The Republic published an article about the relationship between Joy Christian School and Sequoia Choice on Oct. 2 .
Before the article was published , state education officials sent copies of parent complaints and state records about the two schools to the state Attorney General 's Office for review .
In an e-mail response to The Republic about the children 's expulsion , Joy Christian School Principal Mark Kalohe Kempf said he could not discuss the enrollment of specific children .
Kempf said he gave Hopson a letter that " explained why we felt it was necessary to take the actions we did . "
The day before Hopson was quoted in the Republic article , Hopson picked up her daughters as usual after school .
The principal handed a letter to Hopson that stated both Hopson and her husband , James , were not " contributing to the harmonious attitude of the school . "
In the letter , Kempf called Hopson 's actions disruptive and damaging and said they " may have caused financial losses to the school , as well . "
Kempf " terminated " the Hopson children 's education at Joy Christian School as of 5 p.m. that day and gave the Hopsons a formal notice that as of 5:30 p.m. that day , they were barred from school and church property .
The notice allowed the family to visit the " reasonable radius " of the gravesite of Joanne Wright , the children 's grandmother , and access to a building leased by the charter school , as long as the Hopsons did not exit their vehicle or talk to anyone on campus .
Hopson 's father , Don Wright , said last week that he had his wife 's remains removed from a niche on the Joy property .
Wright said a letter he wrote to the pastor also may have led to the children 's dismissal .
Wright questioned Joy Christian School 's relationship with a public charter school .
In the letter , Wright said he " expected a refund " of $ 12,700 in tuition and threatened to take the issue to state officials .
An attorney for the church and school responded with a letter suggesting the church might file a lawsuit against Wright seeking punitive damages for " harmful and offensive actions . "
Hopson 's daughters , 12 and 9 , have attended Joy Christian School since they were in preschool , said Hopson 's sister , Lori Gumm .
At the advice of a lawyer , Hopson declined to be quoted about the expulsion and said Gumm would speak for her .
" The girls are a mess , " said Gumm .
The Hopson children do n't understand why they can't return to the school , Gumm said .
Sequoia Choice is providing the family with online courses until it finds another school , Gumm said .
Thanks to research undertaken by the Fraunhofer Institute , aircraft maintenance could be easier in future , with sensors monitoring the aircraft skin .
If these sensors detect any dents or cracks they send a radio message to a monitoring unit .
The energy needed for this will be obtained from temperature difference .
If a bird collides with a plane the consequences can be fatal , not only for the creature itself .
The impact can deform the structure of the aircraft fuselage , causing stresses in the material that can later cause cracks .
In future , sensors in the aircraft skin will detect such damage at an early stage and simplify maintenance and repair work .
The sensors are light and they do not need any cables or batteries .
They draw their energy from the temperature difference between the outside air ( about - 20 to - 50 degrees C ) and the passenger cabin ( about 20 degrees C ) .
Because there are no batteries to change , the sensors can be located at inaccessible places on the aircraft .
EADS Innovation Works heads the development consortium .
Researchers at the Fraunhofer Institute for Physical Measurement Techniques ( IPM ) in Freiburg , Germany , are developing the energy supply system for the sensors .
Dr Dirk Ebling , a scientist at the IPM , says : " We use thermoelectric generators , developed in co-operation with Micropelt GmbH , and adapt them so that they work efficiently . "
Thermoelectric materials are semiconductors that generate electric power under the influence of a temperature difference .
If a number of these thermoelectric elements are connected in series , enough energy is produced to power small sensors as well as a radio device transmitting the measurement results to a central unit .
The researchers are also optimising the heat flow .
A key question is how to couple the thermoelectric generator to the warm and cold environments so that it transports enough heat .
To obtain the answer the scientists set up a climate chamber in which the temperature profile of the aircraft fuselage is simulated .
The first optimised prototypes have already been built .
Development of a prototype of the entire system including the sensor , thermoelectric generator , energy storage device , charging electronics and signal transmission module is scheduled for completion in about three years ' time , hopefully enabling the system to enter series production .
The applications for energy - autonomous sensors are numerous .
In automobiles they could help to reduce weight by removing the need for heavy cable assemblies .
They could also be useful in old buildings , where they could be easily affixed to walls to monitor dampness , for example .
Their use in the medical sector is feasible too , or a sensor system integrated in a running shirt could monitor an athlete 's pulse during training , and hearing aids could obtain their energy from body heat .
For more information , visit www.fraunhofer.de
Llano del Rio is one of the most distinctive ghost towns in the United States .
Like many Utopian communities , it lasted only a short time -- a few hopeful , productive years -- before being abandoned .
Unlike most , however , it was built to last -- its granite foundations sourced from nearby mountain ranges -- and , still in the middle of nowhere even 90 years after it was inhabited , it 's been allowed to linger on , a monument to the disappeared past on the edge of a vast desert .
In 1913 , Job Harriman was a lawyer and failed politician looking for a project .
He had failed in his bids to become the mayor of Los Angeles , the governor of California and the Vice - President of the United States ( running alongside Eugene Debs , one of the best - known socialists in American history ) .
Harriman was n't just some delusional loser -- he was liked and respected by some , despised by corporate interests , and dubbed by writer Jack London " the best socialist speaker on the coast . "
After his political bids fizzled , Harriman decided to set up a cooperative venture to prove that real socialism could work within a capitalist society , and purchased an old temperance colony site 20 miles east of the desert hamlet of Palmdale .
That 's Harriman in the passenger seat of the car pictured below , on the one - year anniversary of the founding of Llano del Rio .
People who bought a certain number of shares in the venture were allowed to come to the colony to live , and from a handful of families in 1914 , it grew to a relatively thriving place in just under a year , boasting some 900 residents , a Montessori - style school , a rabbit farm and productive peanut fields , a hotel and meeting hall , and other infrastructure .
This was the meeting hall in 1915 :
And these are some of its remains today .
( I doubt the couch is original . )
Before long , the colony started running into trouble .
From American Utopia :
The colony prospered until it was discovered that an earthquake fault diverted much of the water the colony had counted on for its growth .
Surrounding land barons refused to sell water to the colony , and Harriman and his colleagues scouted the country for another site .
In 1917 , 200 of the 600 original California colonists chartered a train and moved the entire colony to the former lumber town of Stables , Louisiana and changed its name to New Llano .
So after just three short years , what had been a promising social experiment was uprooted and moved , and though it flourished for a time in Louisiana , was doomed to fail there , as well .
Today we are left only with the enduring concrete and granite foundations of Llano del Rio 's buildings , and a few other amenities .
I found a partially filled - in well :
The base of what I 'm told was an alfalfa silo :
The basement level of a house .
An interesting side - note for music lovers -- I 've long been a fan of the Pixies , and by extension , Frank Black .
He mentions Llano founder Job Harriman in a track from his classic album Teenager of the Year -- a faux recording of LA 's famed water - stealer William Mulholland ranting " The concrete of the aquaduct will last as long as the pyramid of Egypt or the Parthenon of Athens ; long after Job Harriman is elected major of Los Angeles ! "
( Of course , he never was . )
Later , on the Frank Black and the Catholics album Dog in the Sand , there 's a track called Llano del Rio , which goes
Going out to llano
Going to look for Aldous Huxley
There between the power lines
And the purple flowers of mescaline
Which leads me to another interesting factoid about Llano del Rio -- Aldous Huxley lived near the ruins for most of 1943 , working on a novel .
Of Harriman 's failed social experiment , he wrote -- likening Job to Ozymandias -- " Look on my works , ye Mighty , and despair ! "
Most everything that could have holes shot through it -- did .
Bits of wall jut out of the ground everywhere , refusing to be swallowed up by the scrub .
Here 's Shelley 's poem , the subject of which Aldous Huxley liked to Llano .
I met a traveller from an antique land
Who said : " Two vast and trunkless legs of stone
Stand in the desert .
Near them on the sand ,
Half sunk , a shattered visage lies , whose frown
And wrinkled lip and sneer of cold command
Tell that its sculptor well those passions read
Which yet survive , stamped on these lifeless things ,
The hand that mocked them and the heart that fed .
And on the pedestal these words appear :
` My name is Ozymandias , King of Kings :
Look on my works , ye mighty , and despair !'
Nothing beside remains .
Round the decay
Of that colossal wreck , boundless and bare ,
The lone and level sands stretch far away . "
You can check out more Strange Geographies columns here .
Introduction by Steve :
This is a guest post is written entirely by Y - Man .
He has shown incredible ingenuity in a country that severely restricts the firearms and ammunition civilians can purchase .
I have previously blogged about Y - Man ’s exploits .
Imagine that all you could ever get in terms of ammunition is this :
Ordinary 12 gauge , BB Birdshot .
Well , I got some of that , but was I satisfied ?
NO !
I needed something I could really use to “ Reach out and touch … ”
Something that would penetrate at range with some accuracy .
I got a mold fabricated : 25.3 mm thick Steel , drilled through at 16.5 mm wide , and drilled right through to the other side .
A nut was welded to the bottom carefully to take a 10 mm bolt that would serve to create a hollow on the planned slugs .
I opened up a 12 gauge BB shell using a basic knife to remove the lead shot .
Using modified sharp - nose plies I removed the plastic cover of the Shell .
The lead shot is poured out and cleaned , and the plastic bits removed …
A felt wad is pushed into the empty shot - shell , seated very well into the shot - cup .
The diameter of the wad is same with the Shot - Shell .
The Lead Shot is poured into a Ladle , and melted .
Working with Lead is VERY hazardous : ensure eyes are protected , use safety gloves , ventilate properly !
The Mold is carefully placed on a good flat surface .
Molten Lead is carefully poured into the mold .
The Bolt at the bottom is unscrewed carefully .
NO wiggling it around !
Use a pointed item to push the cooled slug out …
You may have to knock it a bit to get it out …
This is the produced Slug …
There is a correctly centered hollow .
So centre - of - balance is forward , like a Shuttle - cock …
More pictures of the finished slugs .
Nice factory - like finish …
Next : Insert the Slug into Shell case …
Some force is needed to get the Slug into the Shell - case .
This is due to the Roll - crimp which was not touched originally …
You can see the Slug inside the Shell - case , centrally placed , snug against the crimp …
LAST STEP : Glue or epoxy is used to seal and waterproof the Shell - case properly .
Left standing upright to dry / cure .
Glue or epoxy is used to seal and waterproof the Shell - case properly .
Left standing upright to dry / cure .
Slug is ready to be FIRED !
I test - fired a few slugs today ( 16 August 2009 ) !
Perfect performance ( for what i had at hand … ) .
5 slugs fired at 30 metres ( 33 yards , 98.4 ft ) .
Target was piece of metal plate about 1.5 ft x 1ft , 2 mm thick .
3 ” x 3 ” bullseye painted on .
Target taken at 30 meters distance .
Close up .
Distance Fired : 33 yards
Sights : Bead sight
Ammunition : 5 home - made slugs
5 shots on target .
Not bad !
1 round high / left
4 rounds in / near the bullseye .
This looks like a 2 ” to 3 ” group at 33 yards !
I could n’t wish for better from home - made foster slugs !
MASS PRODUCTION COMMENCES !
LET THE ZOMBIES COME !! 🙂
—
Y-man
16 August 2009
Steve says : I big thank you to Y - Man for the excellent howto .
His ingenuity is amazing and is an inspiration to me !
BOSTON -- Rush Limbaugh 's bid to buy the St. Louis Rams ran into opposition within the NFL on Tuesday , when Colts owner Jim Irsay vowed to vote against him and commissioner Roger Goodell said the conservative commentator 's " divisive " comments would not be tolerated from any NFL insider .
" I , myself , could n't even consider voting for him , " Irsay said at an owners meetings .
" When there are comments that have been made that are inappropriate , incendiary and insensitive ... our words do damage , and it 's something that we do n't need . "
Limbaugh has long been a hero of conservatives and villain to the left , thriving on his place in the political spectrum while establishing himself as one of the most successful broadcasters in history .
But the NFL tries to avoid controversy , as Limbaugh learned in 2003 when he was forced to resign from ESPN 's Sunday Night Football broadcast after saying of Philadelphia 's Donovan McNabb : " I think what we 've had here is a little social concern in the NFL .
The media has been very desirous that a black quarterback do well . "
Goodell repeatedly distanced the league from Limbaugh 's statements on Tuesday , calling them " polarizing comments that we do n't think reflect accurately on the NFL or our players . "
" I have said many times before that we are all held to a higher standard here , " the commissioner said .
" I think divisive comments are not what the NFL is all about .
I would not want to see those kind of comments from people who are in a responsible position within the NFL .
No. Absolutely not . "
According to transcripts posted on his Web site , in 2007 Limbaugh also said : " The NFL all too often looks like a game between the Bloods and the Crips without any weapons .
There , I said it . "
That comment , and others , resurfaced this month when he revealed he is teaming with St. Louis Blues owner Dave Checketts to bid on the Rams .
In an e-mail to The Associated Press , Limbaugh said he was forced to respond because " the totally made - up and fabricated quotes attributed to me in recent media reports are outrageous and slanderous . "
He also noted that he would be a minority owner in the prospective group , adding he is from Missouri and was saddened when the Cardinals left for Arizona .
" I am happy to be involved in an effort to keep the Rams in St. Louis .
I love the National Football League , I eagerly discuss it and promote it and I greatly admire the men who play in the league .
They are the best at what they do , " he wrote .
" It is regrettable that something I have dreamed about for years has taken this course .
But the fight is worth it to me .
I love the National Football League . "
The Rams updated the league on their potential sale on Tuesday but specific bidders were not discussed , Goodell said .
" They 're not certain they are even sellers , " New York Giants co-owner Steve Tisch said , adding that he expected a decision by the end of the season .
" We can't speculate on potential owners because they have not brought up any names to put before ownership .
It 's out there , but without confirmation from the Rams or the Rosenbloom family , frankly , we do n't know who the potential buyers are . "
Patriots owner Robert Kraft referred questions about Limbaugh to the commissioner .
Texans owner Bob McNair said anyone who meets the " normal criteria " is a candidate to own a team .
" But our vetting process is very thorough , " he said .
Prominent blacks are already lining up against Limbaugh , including the Revs. Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton .
NFL Players Association head DeMaurice Smith , who is black , urged players to speak out against Limbaugh 's bid , and several have already said they would not play for his team .
Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank echoed Goodell 's comments and noted that the league and the union had a similar stance .
Blank also said he would n't expect Limbaugh , if the deal went through , to tone down his lucrative radio show to avoid running afoul of the league .
" I find that highly unlikely , " he said .
Prospective owners must be approved by 24 of the league 's 32 teams .
Irsay is the first owner who has stated unequivocally he would reject Limbaugh because he made a habit of " demonizing individuals . "
" I met Rush only once .
He seemed like a nice guy to me and all those kind of things , " Irsay said .
" It 's bigger than the NFL .
As a nation , and as a world , we 've got to watch our words and our thoughts .
They can do damage . "
Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum .
With little fanfare , a deal is moving forward to provide billions in tax dollars and tax breaks to an unlikely beneficiary -- the giant British liquor producer that makes Captain Morgan rum .
Under the agreement , Diageo in London will receive tax credits and other benefits worth $ 2.7 billion over 30 years , including the $ 165 - million cost of building a state - of - the - art distillery on the island of St. Croix in the Virgin Islands , a U.S. territory .
Virgin Islands officials say the arrangement complies with the letter and spirit of tax law and will help the islands ’ sagging economy .
Advertisement
Captain Morgan is now produced in the U.S. commonwealth of Puerto Rico , and critics say the Virgin Islands ’ subsidy for the new distillery , along with the other benefits , is so generous that it practically guarantees a profit on every gallon of rum produced there by Diageo , the biggest distilled spirits maker in the world .
“ The U.S. taxpayer is basically being asked to line the pockets of the world ’s largest liquor producer , ” said Steve Ellis , vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense , a nonpartisan watchdog organization .
With the exception of Ellis and a handful of lawmakers , however , the deal has attracted little opposition in Congress or elsewhere .
Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner has said he does not have authority to block or investigate the project .
Criticism on Capitol Hill has been confined to a small group that includes Republican Reps. Dan Burton of Indiana and Darrel Issa of Vista , Calif. , plus a handful of Democrats with large Puerto Rican constituencies .
Advertisement
The key to the deal is a tax collected on every bottle of rum sold in the United States -- some $ 470 million a year .
The tax was first imposed in 1917 , and most of the money is funneled back to the governments of rum- producing U.S. islands in the Caribbean to help create jobs , pay for local government services and promote consumption of rum .
Puerto Rico , which requires that 90 % of its rum tax money be used for the public welfare on the island , says that it has had as many as 300 workers making Captain Morgan and that many if not all those jobs will disappear if Diageo moves its operations to the Virgin Islands .
“ It ’s insulting that the money we give is essentially paying for a foreign corporation to move from one U.S. location to another , while cutting jobs , ” Ellis said .
Virgin Islands officials say the deal , although consuming a good portion of the islands ’ rum tax dollars , will bring 40 to 70 jobs and some much needed financial stability to their suffering economy .
Advertisement
The Washington lawyer who helped Diageo negotiate the Virgin Islands agreement , John Merrigan of the firm DLA Piper , says government inducements are often provided to attract a new employer to a location needing economic development .
He cited concessions granted by Tennessee and South Carolina to encourage foreign automakers to locate plants in their states .
And Diageo officials say that , contrary to Puerto Rico ’s claim that the deal will result in a net loss of jobs , it actually will save jobs .
The company said it would probably have moved its operations to Guatemala , Jamaica or another country if the Virgin Islands had n’t offered the favorable terms .
The offer “ helped us decide to stay in the U.S. , ” said Zsoka McDonald , Diageo ’s director of media relations .
“ There is risk and reward on both sides , and both parties concluded it was a fair deal . ”
The Virgin Islands government will finance the new $ 165 - million distillery by issuing bonds that will be paid off with future rum tax dollars .
In addition , the 30 - year agreement provides almost $ 2 billion in marketing subsidies and a break on property and income taxes , although the company will accept reduced subsidy payments until the construction debt is repaid , Merrigan said .
Advertisement
Legislation to limit the agreement was offered in April by Puerto Rico ’s representative in the U.S. Congress , Rep. Pedro R. Pierluisi , a Democrat .
But his proposal , which would cap subsidies to the industry at a maximum of 10 % of total rum tax revenue , has picked up only a handful of cosponsors .
House Ways and Means Chairman Charles B. Rangel ( D - N.Y. ) has refused to intervene in the dispute , citing his long - standing support for the rum tax program , which gives territories the right to determine how the funds will be used .
Burton , who is on a fact - finding trip to the region this week , said he was supporting Pierluisi ’s bill “ because there needs to be a vehicle for intervention when unreasonable subsidies are given to foreign companies at taxpayer expense . ”
Roberto Serralles , whose family owns the Puerto Rico distillery that currently produces Captain Morgan under contract to Diageo , said other brands would find it hard to compete with Captain Morgan on price .
Advertisement
“ We ’re going to be competing with producers in the Virgin Islands that will have no cost , ” he said .
In the end , the two Caribbean territories might get into a trade war over who could give rum makers the biggest rewards , said Javier Vazquez , executive director of Puerto Rico Industrial Development Co , a government - owned company dedicated to promoting the island .
Bacardi , another huge producer , still has a large operation in Puerto Rico .
“ This is going to be a race to the bottom , ” Vazquez said .
Advertisement
--
tom.hamburger@latimes.com
peter.wallsten@latimes.com
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
Resolver One 1.6.5 Released
It is n't long since we released version 1.6 of Resolver One , but we 're trying to increase the frequency of our releases and get features into the hands of our users faster .
Resolver
One is a highly programmable spreadsheet for Windows .
Resolver
One is written in IronPython and is fully programmable in IronPython .
Through the integration of Ironclad you can use Python C extensions like Numpy in the spreadsheet grid and user code .
We 've pushed out a new release of Resolver One , and as it is a medium - sized release we 've called it version 1.6.5 .
The new features in this release our
Load new files and import from Excel in the background and display a progress bar ( leaving the UI usable ) .
Support for a new VerticalAlignment property ( from user code only - user interface integration is on its way ! )
property ( from user code only - user interface integration is on its way ! )
Fixed bug # 2303 : Code that checked whether there was a new version to update to could make it look like Resolver One was sending usage information against the user 's wishes , even though it was n't .
Fixed bug # 2268 : Memory usage problem when saving huge spreadsheets .
Fixed bug # 2291 : Memory usage problem with spreadsheets with very large numbers of errors .
( Plus a few minor bugfixes since the 1.6 release . )
We already have more features completed and on the way , so hopefully we 'll be able to do a 1.7 release soon ...
In his email to the IronPython mailing list announcing the releas Resolver Systems boss Giles Thomas included the following information about Resolver One :
We are proud to announce the release of Resolver One , version 1.6.5 .
Resolver One is a Windows - based spreadsheet that integrates IronPython deeply into its recalculation loop , making the models you build more reliable and more maintainable .
It 's also still ( we think ) the largest IronPython application in the world , with 56,000 lines of code backed up by 176,000 lines of unit and functional tests .
For versions 1.6 and 1.6.5 , we 've made it easier for people to share their spreadsheets .
A new free " player " version means you can pass your work on to other people , and they can use it without having to buy anything , while a new Resolverlib makes calling your spreadsheets from IronPython programs as easy as calling a function .
You can read more about Resolver One here : http://www.resolversystems.com/products/resolver-one/
We have a 31 - day free trial version , so if you would like to take a look , you can download it from our website : http://www.resolversystems.com/download/
If you want to use Resolver One in an Open Source project , we offer free licenses for that :
http://www.resolversystems.com/opensource/
Try Python : Python Tutorial and Interpreter in the Browser
Ever since Silverlight , with the capability of running Python code in the browser , I 've wanted to create something to help people learn Python .
Try Python is the Python tutorial , with an interactive Python interpreter , running in the browser .
It runs on Safari , Firefox and IE on Windows and the Mac and needs Silverlight 2 or 3 installed .
At the moment it does n't work with Moonlight 2 due to a bug in the beta , but hopefully it will work with the final release meaning you will be able to use Try Python with Linux and Firefox .
Try Python has the complete Python tutorial in it , formatted for display in Silverlight by rst2xaml and Pygments .
The tutorial is on the left of the UI .
Every code example has a button that allows you to execute it the interpreter that is on the right of the interface :
Try Python has the following features :
Auto - resizes with the browser
Navigation bar through the tutorial pages at the top and bottom
Individual pages are bookmarkable and the URL fragment auto - updates when you change page
Mouse scroll wheel supported over the tutorial and console scroll viewers
Control - C interrupts the running code with a keyboard interrupt
raw_input and input work in the interpreter
and work in the interpreter Basic auto - indent and auto - dedent in the console
Console history , including multiline history
Syntax highlighting in the console
reset command to clear the console
command to clear the console Assign to sys.ps1 and sys.ps2 from the console
Not much of the Python standard library is included .
I intend to expand the tutorial adding new modules as they are needed ( the whole standard library is about 5 mb and would make Try Python take much longer to load ) .
Some of the console history code was contributed by Resolver Systems .
There are various possible ways forward ( there are some ideas on the issues list ) .
I 'm about one quarter of the way through an implementation of file and open that uses local browser storage - so users can follow the part of the tutorial that does file I/O .
A simple text editor ( and import hook ) that lets you create and import modules and packages in local browser storage would also be good .
More tests are also needed .
You can see the start of an in browser test framework at : unittest in the browser .
I think what I 'd like to do is something more interactive though - that presents short snippets of code with explanation and lets you work through them one at a time .
This would be more interactive than the page by page style at the moment .
Ideas and contributions welcomed of course ...
Introduction to Testing with unittest
I 've put a new article on my website , it 's an introduction to testing in Python with the standard library test framework , unittest :
Introduction to Testing with unittest
The article is an introduction to the basic API and classes of unittest , from creating individual test modules to setting up a testing framework .
It covers the different assert methods provided by the unittest test fixture and also topics like automatic test discovery , and testing techniques from mock objects to monkey patching to dependency injection .
Between the articles section and the IronPython section have quite a collection of articles I 've written over the last few years .
Some of the most popular articles are :
Archives
PAVILLION , Wyoming ( Reuters ) - Louis Meeks , a burly 59 - year - old alfalfa farmer , fills a metal trough with water from his well and watches an oily sheen form on the surface which gives off a faint odor of paint .
Jeff Locker , a Wyoming farmer , displays water filters from his well on September 17 , 2009 .
People living near gas drilling facilities in states including Pennsylvania , Colorado , New Mexico and Wyoming have complained that their water has turned cloudy , foul - smelling , or even black as a result of chemicals used in a drilling technique called hydraulic fracturing , or " fracking . "
REUTERS / Jon Hurdle
He points to small bubbles that appear in the water , and a thin ring of foam around the edge .
Meeks is convinced that energy companies drilling for natural gas in this central Wyoming farming community have poisoned his water and ruined his health .
A recent report by the Environmental Protection Agency suggests he just might have a case -- and that the multi-billion dollar industry may have a problem on its hands .
EPA tests found his well contained what it termed 14 “ contaminants of concern . ”
It tested 39 wells in the Pavillion area this year , and said in August that 11 were contaminated .
The agency did not identify the cause but said gas drilling was a possibility .
What ’s happened to the water supply in Pavillion could have repercussions for the nation ’s energy policies .
As a clean - burning fuel with giant reserves in the United States , natural gas is central to plans for reducing U.S. dependence on foreign oil .
But aggressive development is drawing new scrutiny from residents who live near gas fields , even in energy - intensive states such as Wyoming , where one in five jobs are linked to the oil and gas industry which contributed more than $ 15 billion the state economy in 2007 .
People living near gas drilling facilities in states including Pennsylvania , Colorado , New Mexico and Wyoming have complained that their water has turned cloudy , foul - smelling , or even black as a result of chemicals used in a drilling technique called hydraulic fracturing , or “ fracking . ”
The industry contends drilling chemicals are heavily diluted and injected safely into gas reservoirs thousands of feet beneath aquifers , so they will never seep into drinking water supplies .
“ There has never been a documented case of fracking that ’s contaminated wells or groundwater , ” said Randy Teeuwen , a spokesman for EnCana Corp , Canada ’s second - largest energy company , which operates 248 wells in the Pavillion and nearby Muddy Ridge fields .
“ We know they do n’t have the science to prove what they say , ” Teeuwen said of those who criticize fracking .
HARD TO PROVE SOURCE OF CONTAMINATION
Critics say their kids have got sick , their animals have died , and their water has in some cases become flammable because of methane escaped into aquifers from gas wells .
But they have been unable to prove their case because drilling companies are not required to disclose exactly what chemicals they use , thanks to an exemption to a federal clean water law granted to the oil and gas industry in 2005 .
The EPA , in its first tests in response to concerns over gas drilling and water quality , has not positively identified the source of the Pavillion contamination but it did name gas drilling as a possible cause .
The agency is continuing its tests and expects to issue a report in spring 2010 .
Luke Chavez , an EPA scientist leading the investigation , said he will now seek to determine the quantities of a range of contaminants and their health effects .
“ We ’re taking a shotgun approach , ” he said .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
In Pavillion , residents are on edge .
Meeks ’ neighbor Donnet Baughman said she does not mind companies drilling for gas in her backyard , as long as it does n’t poison her water .
“ We are not against the oil and gas industry at all , ” she said during an interview in her living room .
“ We just want them to do it right . ”
Baughman ’s water was clean , according to the EPA tests , but she is uneasy with the findings since she has a gas separation tank about 50 yards ( meters ) from her house , and some of her neighbors , including Meeks , were found to have bad water .
Three wells in the EPA ’s sample contained 2 - BE , a potentially carcinogenic substance that ’s used as a lubricant in drilling , and in some household cleaning products .
GAS LIES WELL BELOW AQUIFERS
Stung by grassroots complaints , and by a bill in Congress that would require disclosure of fracking chemicals , the industry says it is using the latest technology to keep fracking safe .
At the Frenchie Draw drilling rig 60 miles east of Pavillion , EnCana workers used automated machinery to join 30 - foot ( 9 - meter ) lengths of pipe and insert them into a new well , which extends 11,135 feet below ground .
The steel pipe can withstand pressure up to 9,800 pounds per square inch .
It is encased in concrete to 2,500 feet , well below aquifers , said John Schmidt , an EnCana field leader .
The pipes allow EnCana to inject a fracking fluid of water , sand and chemicals at high pressure into the gas - bearing rock .
At specific depths identified by geologists , the pipe is perforated with small holes by controlled explosions .
The fracking mixture then breaks up the rock , allowing natural gas to rush to the surface .
About 70 percent of the water mixture remains underground , while the rest is pumped back up and later re-injected into 10,000 - foot ( 3,000 - meter ) disposal wells , Schmidt said .
In 2010 , EnCana plans to start treating and reusing the water .
Despite the industry ’s precautions , spills of fracking fluids occur .
On September 25 , Pennsylvania regulators ordered Cabot Oil & Gas Corp to halt fracking operations in one county after it admitted three recent spills of fracking fluid .
TO STAY OR TO GO ?
In Pavillion , Meeks said he suffers pulmonary hypertension and neuropathy in his legs .
“ They have ruined my life , ” he said .
“ I would like to get out of here . ”
He said EnCana stopped supplying him free drinking water this month , after he publicly opposed fracking practices .
“ They are trying to punish me , ” Meeks said .
“ I ’m a thorn in their side . ”
Half a mile from Meeks ’ house , across a valley dotted with gas wells , separation tanks and compressor stations , Rhonda Locker , 48 , said she stopped drinking her water after it “ went bad ” in the early 1990s .
She started drinking it again about five years ago after installing a reverse - osmosis filter , but within six months started having seizures , bone pain , and cognitive problems .
Frustrated by not knowing what was causing her illness , she tried again in early September to drink the water , and experienced the same symptoms .
“ It ’s like you have the flu every day , ” Locker said .
Locker , who has two gas wells within 500 feet of her house , said she has been diagnosed with a neurological disorder , which her doctors have failed to pin on any particular cause , but which she blames on a history of drinking the water .
Locker also suspects water contamination is to blame for her 26 - year - old daughter ’s termination of three pregnancies , and for liver disease in her 24 - year - old son .
In a shed outside , Locker ’s husband Jeff , a 56 - year - old farmer , removed the filter from the reverse - osmosis mechanism that cleans their water sufficiently for bathing , revealing a cylinder turned jet black by the incoming well water .
Like many of their neighbors , they drink only bottled water .
The Lockers considered selling up but decided they could n’t bear to leave their home of 25 years .
They fear the value of their home has been undermined by water contamination , a concern echoed by Meeks , who said he had been informed by a realtor that his home is now worthless .
A sense of helplessness is leading some Pavillion residents to consider legal action against EnCana , said John Fenton , 37 .
“ We are not the kind of people who sue people , ” said Fenton , whose water is also contaminated .
“ For the first time in my life , I ’m giving some serious thought to it . ”
But many are restrained by the knowledge that energy is the lifeblood of Wyoming , said Deb Thomas of the Powder River Basin Resource Council , an environmental group that has been an outspoken critic of gas drilling .
“ It ’s the only economy our state has , ” she said .
“ Nobody wants to kill the golden calf . ”
The report , " In the Midst of the Great Recession : The State of Working California 2009 , " by the California Budget Project , states that less than 3/5 of California 's working age adults had jobs in July 2009 .
That contrasts to the official unemployment rate , which says that California 's jobless rate is 11.9 % .
Other highlights ( or lowlights ) of the report :
California has approximately the same number of jobs as it did nine years ago , when the state was home to 3.3 million fewer working - age individuals .
Nearly 178,000 Californians are expected to exhaust their jobless benefits , even though they have been extended , by the end of 2009 .
The number of underemployed Californians has more than doubled in the last two years .
On average , more than one out of four unemployed Californians ( 28.2 % ) had gone without work for 27 weeks or more during the 12 months ending in July 2009 , the highest level ever recorded .
Nearly half ( 47.9 % ) of the state ’s unemployed had been jobless for at least 15 weeks .
Workers ’ hourly wages lost purchasing power across the earnings distribution as the recession deepened .
The inflation - adjusted hourly wage of the typical California worker ( the worker exactly at the middle of the earnings distribution ) declined by 0.5 % between the first half of 2008 and the same months of 2009 , while that of the state ’s low - wage earners fell by 1.6 % .
One-quarter ( 25.2 % ) of total adjusted gross income ( AGI ) went to the wealthiest 1 % of taxpayers in 2007 , nearly twice their share ( 13.8 % ) in 1993 .
The share of income going to the top 1 % of US taxpayers is at a 79 - year high ; the only higher share ( ever ) was in 1928 .
In an op - ed piece , Alissa Anderson , deputy director and Jean Ross , executive director of the California Budget Project wrote that another extension of jobless benefits should be " Job One " for Congress when they return from their recess .
It 's amazing , however , how many people are against extending UI further .
Some call the unemployed " slackers , " and it should be obvious in this " Great Recession " that corporations , rather than cutting the multi-million dollar salaries of their CEOs , many of which got us into this mess , are cutting workers left and right .
Why so few , in these sorry times , thinks of the Golden Rule , is beyond me .
The head of a Texas anti-death penalty group has accused that state ’s governor of scuttling an investigation into a possible wrongful execution for political reasons .
“ [ Texas Governor Rick ]
Perry saw the writing on the wall , ” Scott Cobb , president of the Texas Moratorium Network , told CNN .
“ He moved to cover that up . ”
The “ writing on the wall ” Cobb was referring to was the investigation by the Texas Forensic Science Commission into the execution of Cameron Todd Willingham , who was put to death in 2004 for the 1991 arson deaths of his three daughters .
ADVERTISEMENT
Forensic investigations done since Willingham ’s conviction have found no evidence of arson .
Nonetheless , Perry refused to grant Willingham a stay of execution in 2004 , even though credible questions had already been raised about Willingham ’s guilt .
On Wednesday , Gov. Perry ordered the removal of three members of the forensics commission , and instituted a “ political ally , ” as CNN described him , to head the committee .
That ally is reported to have ordered the investigation into Willingham ’s execution delayed indefinitely , saying he “ could n’t begin to guess ” when the commission would reconvene .
As CNN ’s Randi Kaye noted , since Willingham ’s conviction , “ three forensic investigations found there was no evidence of arson .
None . ”
What ’s more , as RAW STORY reported in August , Gov. Perry was informed before Willingham ’s execution that the claim of arson made by fire officials and the prosecution in the 1991 trial was likely unfounded .
Put together , those facts may make Gov. Perry “ the first governor in history to preside over the death of [ a known ] innocent man , ” CNN stated in a report aired Friday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Critics suggest he ’s trying to delay or maybe even derail the state ’s own investigation ” into the Willingham case , CNN ’s Kaye stated .
And the reasons for it may be quite obvious :
The commission ’s final report would likely have arrived weeks before the primary gubernatorial election Perry faces next year .
Asked about the removal of the three commissioners , Perry stated : “ Those individuals ’ terms were up , so we replaced them .
There ’s nothing out of the ordinary there . ”
But , as the Fort Worth Star - Telegram notes , some of those removed had already had their terms renewed .
ADVERTISEMENT
CNN ’s Kaye noted that Perry “ declined to make the time for an interview ” for its report .
ACLU : ‘EXTREMELY SUSPICIOUS ’ TIMING
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Gov . Perry said that the change was ‘ business as usual , ' ” the ACLU wrote on its blog Friday .
“ Unfortunately , his words ring all too true .
Willingham is not the first likely innocent person executed by the State of Texas .
Others include Carlos De Luna and Ruben Cantu .
But the state has never acknowledged any of these tragic mistakes .
Business as usual , all right . ”
The ACLU statement described the governor ’s timing for the removal of the three commissioners as “ extremely suspicious , to say the least . ”
But some observers have gone further .
Glenn W. Smith at FireDogLake states that Gov. Perry may have violated federal law when he shut down the investigation into Willingham ’s execution .
ADVERTISEMENT
Smith argues Perry could be prosecuted under USC .18.1001 , which makes it a crime for anyone “ in any matter within the jurisdiction of the executive , legislative , or judicial branch of the Government of the United States ” to “ falsify , conceal , or cover up by any trick , scheme , or device a material fact . ”
The federal statute applies , Smith argues , because Texas takes money from the federal government for its justice system , and the funding guidelines refer to the law directly .
“ If firing three members of the commission and bringing to a screaming halt an investigation and hearing about the execution of an innocent man is not a trick to cover up material facts , nothing is , ” Smith wrote .
The following video was broadcast on CNN’s AC 360 on Friday , Oct. 2 . 2009 .
The facts of the Plymouth case challenge our understanding of human nature .
Not simply the idea that people can find pleasure in the sexual abuse of very young children .
But the revelation that women were involved .
But , as I have reported here before , child abuse is far more commonplace than most people comprehend and there are an increasing number of studies suggesting the involvement of women is significantly under -reported .
According to research by the National Centre on Child Abuse and Neglect in the United States , the sexual abuse of children by women " constituted 25 % ( approximately 36,000 children ) of the sexually abused victims " in their study .
" This statistic is thought to be underestimated due to the tendency of non-disclosure by victims " , the report goes on .
In the UK , Childline says that 11 % of the calls received from children alleging sexual abuse suggest the perpetrator is a woman .
The NSPCC says that women are the abusers in 6 % of cases highlighted in their study .
However , all these estimates - from the last few years - are far higher than had previously been acknowledged .
Michele Elliott , founder of the children 's charity Kidscape and author of the book Female Sexual Abuse of Children : The Ultimate Taboo put it this way today :
" Women abuse children for the same reason men abuse children - for sexual gratification , for power .
Quite frankly it is something they enjoy doing .
I know that is hard for the rest of us to comprehend but women are no different than men in that case . "
In June this year , the Australian child welfare charity Child Wise began a television advertising campaign highlighting the risks from sexual abuse by people entrusted with the care of children .
You can see the latest ad here .
Child Wise has calculated that almost a third of sex abuse by women takes place in an organisational setting , notably kindergartens and baby - sitting .
The majority of such abusers are not coerced by a man but initiate the abuse themselves .
The damage can last a lifetime .
Police in Britain fear that new technology has made all forms of child abuse easier and more commonplace .
As in today 's case , the internet allows paedophiles to communicate and share child pornography .
Mobile phone cameras mean images can be shot and disseminated around the world within seconds .
A kindergarten close to the Plymouth nursery involved in today 's case is banning mobiles with cameras on its premises .
But risk can never be eliminated .
Background checks on staff wo n't spot those who have never abused before .
The new vetting scheme currently being rolled out across England , Wales and Northern Ireland would not have helped in this case .
But there is another danger too .
That we allow fears about paedophilia to damage the relationship between adults and children and to undermine the trust that makes communities function .
Return on Investment
Total campaign contributions and lobbying by TARP recipients *
>
Company Campaign Contributions , 07-08 Cycle Lobbying Expenditures , 2008 TARP Payment Return on Investment Bank of America Corp ** $ 5,752,630 $ 8,790,000 $ 45,000,000,000 309335 % Citigroup Inc. $ 4,799,678 $ 7,660,000 $ 50,000,000,000 401194 % AIG $ 929,774 $ 9,690,000 $ 40,000,000,000 376556 % JPMorgan Chase & Co. $ 4,778,638 $ 5,390,000 $ 25,000,000,000 245754 % Wells Fargo & Company $ 1,553,471 $ 1,200,740 $ 25,000,000,000 907601 % General Motors Corporation $ 916,142 $ 14,071,000 $ 10,400,000,000 69293 % The Goldman Sachs Group , Inc. $ 5,690,351 $ 3,280,000 $ 10,000,000,000 111378 % Morgan Stanley $ 3,689,027 $ 3,120,000 $ 10,000,000,000 146764 % The PNC Financial Services Group Inc. $ 68,525 $ 0 $ 7,579,200,000 11060389 % U.S. Bancorp $ 496,461 $ 570,000 $ 6,599,000,000 618676 % Chrysler Holding LLC and Cerberus Capital Management $ 1,075,350 $ 7,927,782 $ 5,500,000,000 60990 % GMAC LLC $ 72,207 $ 4,620,000 $ 5,000,000,000 106460 % SunTrust Banks , Inc. $ 175,903 $ 0 $ 4,850,000,000 2757101 % Capital One Financial Corporation $ 700,161 $ 1,132,000 $ 3,555,199,000 193944 % Regions Financial Corp . $ 161,775 $ 180,000 $ 3,500,000,000 1023966 % Fifth Third Bancorp $ 149,550 $ 80,000 $ 3,408,000,000 1484544 % American Express Company $ 1,028,038 $ 3,790,000 $ 3,389,000,000 70240 % BB&T Corp . $ 262,737 $ 0 $ 3,133,640,000 1192591 % Bank of New York Mellon Corporation $ 886,701 $ 558,402 $ 3,000,000,000 207498 % KeyCorp $ 159,280 $ 210,000 $ 2,500,000,000 676893 % CIT Group Inc. $ 23,200 $ 90,000 $ 2,330,000,000 2058204 % Comerica Inc. $ 210,538 $ 0 $ 2,250,000,000 1068591 % State Street Corporation $ 152,627 $ 980,000 $ 2,000,000,000 176481 % Marshall & Ilsley Corporation $ 57,400 $ 0 $ 1,715,000,000 2987705 % Northern Trust Corporation $ 240,892 $ 0 $ 1,576,000,000 654135 % Zions Bancorporation $ 117,159 $ 60,000 $ 1,400,000,000 790151 % Huntington Bancshares $ 188,700 $ 232,971 $ 1,398,071,000 331455 % Synovus Financial Corp . $ 10,150 $ 0 $ 967,870,000 9535565 % Popular , Inc. $ 12,700 $ 390,000 $ 935,000,000 232083 % First Horizon National Corporation $ 30,050 $ 0 $ 866,540,000 2883 561 % M&T Bank Corporation $ 3,500 $ 10,000 $ 600,000,000 4444344 % City National Corporation $ 262,965 $ 0 $ 400,000,000 152011 % Webster Financial Corporation $ 14,850 $ 0 $ 400,000,000 2693503 % First Bancorp $ 4,900 $ 0 $ 400,000,000 8163165 % Fulton Financial Corporation $ 5,700 $ 0 $ 376,500,000 6605163 % TCF Financial Corporation $ 103,300 $ 0 $ 361,172,000 349534 % South Financial Group , Inc. $ 29,100 $ 0 $ 347,000,000 1192340 % Wilmington Trust Corporation $ 59,850 $ 0 $ 330,000,000 551278 % East West Bancorp $ 4,800 $ 0 $ 306,546,000 6386275 % Sterling Financial Corporation $ 5,750 $ 0 $ 303,000,000 5269465 % Whitney Holding Corporation $ 27,950 $ 0 $ 300,000,000 1073245 % Susquehanna Bancshares , Inc $ 6,850 $ 0 $ 300,000,000 4379462 % Valley National Bancorp $ 950 $ 0 $ 300,000,000 31578847 % UCBH
Holdings , Inc. $ 42,750 $ 0 $ 298,737,000 698700 % New York Private Bank & Trust Corporation $ 6,350 $ 0 $ 267,000,000 4204624 % Cathay General Bancorp $ 2,500 $ 0 $ 258,000,000 10319900 % Wintrust Financial Corporation $ 4,401 $ 0 $ 250,000,000 5680427 % SVB Financial Group $ 18,300 $ 0 $ 235,000,000 1284053 % International Bancshares Corporation $ 116,100 $ 0 $ 216,000,000 185947 % Trustmark Corporation $ 6,500 $ 0 $ 215,000,000 3307592 % Umpqua Holdings Corp . $ 650 $ 0 $ 214,181,000 32950823 % MB Financial Inc. $ 15,150 $ 0 $ 196,000,000 1293629 % First Midwest Bancorp , Inc. $ 1,750 $ 0 $ 193,000,000 11028471 % Pacific Capital Bancorp $ 500 $ 480,000 $ 180,634,000 37493 % United Community Banks , Inc. $ 12,250 $ 0 $ 180,000,000 1469288 % Boston Private Financial Holdings , Inc. $ 6,400 $ 0 $ 154,000,000 2406150 % Independent Bank Corp . $ 2,250 $ 0 $ 150,000,000 6666567 % National Penn Bancshares , Inc. $ 1,500 $ 0 $ 150,000,000 9999900 % Dickinson Financial Corporation $ 94,050 $ 0 $ 146,000,000 155137 % Central Pacific Financial Corp .
$ 19,750 $ 0 $ 135,000,000 683444 % Sterling Bancshares , Inc. $ 9,150 $ 0 $ 125,198,000 1368184 % FirstMerit Corp. $ 4,500 $ 0 $ 125,000,000 2777678 % Banner Corporation $ 6,140 $ 0 $ 124,000,000 2019444 % Signature Bank $ 7,875 $ 0 $ 120,000,000 1523710 % 1st Source Corporation $ 450 $ 0 $ 111,000,000 24666567 % S&T Bancorp $ 3,200 $ 0 $ 109,000,000 3406150 % Park National Corporation $ 10,500 $ 0 $ 100,000,000 952281 % Old National Bancorp $ 8,250 $ 0 $ 100,000,000 1212021 % F.N.B. Corporation $ 1,000 $ 0 $ 100,000,000 9999900 % Pinnacle Financial Partners , Inc. $ 29,850 $ 0 $ 95,000,000 318158 % Iberiabank Corporation $ 2,000 $ 0 $ 90,000,000 4499900 % Plains Capital Corporation $ 59,650 $ 0 $ 87,631,000 146809 % Midwest Banc Holdings , Inc. $ 2,800 $ 0 $ 84,784,000 3027900 % Sandy Spring Bancorp , Inc. $ 250 $ 0 $ 83,094,000 33237500 % Columbia Banking System , Inc. $ 2,500 $ 0 $ 76,898,000 3075820 % TowneBank $ 4,750 $ 0 $ 76,458,000 1609542 % Texas Capital Bancshares , Inc. $ 18,150 $ 0 $ 75,000,000 413123 % Bank of the Ozarks , Inc. $ 11,150 $ 0 $ 75,000,000 672546 % Wesbanco Bank Inc. $ 208 $ 0 $ 75,000,000 36057592 % Green Bankshares , Inc. $ 1,200 $ 0 $ 72,278,000 6023067 % Virginia Commerce Bancorp $ 8,850 $ 0 $ 71,000,000 802160 % Southwest Bancorp , Inc. $ 50,650 $ 0 $ 70,000,000 138103 % Flushing Financial Corporation $ 2,300 $ 0 $ 70,000,000 3043378 % Superior Bancorp Inc. $ 250 $ 0 $ 69,000,000 27599900 % Nara Bancorp , Inc. $ 2,000 $ 0 $ 67,000,000 3349900 % First Bancorp $ 2,650 $ 0 $ 65,000,000 2452730 % SCBT Financial Corporation $ 250 $ 0 $ 65,000,000 25999900 % CoBiz Financial Inc. $ 1,000 $ 0 $ 64,450,000 6444900 % Union Bankshares Corporation $ 1,000 $ 0 $ 59,000,000 5899900 % Liberty Bancshares , Inc. $ 20,900 $ 0 $ 58,000,000 277412 % Great Southern Bancorp $ 2,500 $ 0 $ 58,000,000 2319900 % WSFS Financial Corporation $ 21,550 $ 0 $ 53,000,000 245840 % Ameris Bancorp $ 1,000 $ 0 $ 52,000,000 5199900 % State Bankshares , Inc. $ 4,800 $ 0 $ 50,000,000 1041567 % Home Bancshares , Inc. $ 1,500 $ 0 $ 50,000,000 3333233 % Fidelity Southern Corporation $ 300 $ 0 $ 48,200,000 16066567 % MetroCorp Bancshares , Inc. $ 1,500 $ 0 $ 45,000,000 2999900 % Cadence Financial Corporation $ 8,250 $ 0 $ 44,000,000 533233 % Exchange Bank $ 2,750 $ 0 $ 43,000,000 1563536 % Sterling Bancorp $ 1,300 $ 0 $ 42,000,000 3230669 % Eagle Bancorp , Inc. $ 801 $ 0 $ 38,235,000 4773308 % Bridgeview Bancorp , Inc. $ 6,600 $ 0 $ 38,000,000 575658 % OceanFirst Financial Corp. $ 3,300 $ 0 $ 38,000,000 1151415 % First Defiance Financial Corp. $ 2,000 $ 0 $ 37,000,000 1849900 % State Bancorp , Inc. $ 6,850 $ 0 $ 36,842,000 537739 % Fidelity Financial Corporation $ 1,657,052 $ 2,190,000 $ 36,282,000 843 % Yadkin Valley Financial Corporation $ 1,250 $ 0 $ 36,000,000 2879900 % West Bancorporation , Inc. $ 250 $ 0 $ 36,000,000 14399900 % Porter Bancorp $ 5,000 $ 0 $ 35,000,000 699900 % Encore Bancshares Inc. $ 4,300 $ 0 $ 34,000,000 790598 % First Security Group , Inc. $ 3,350 $ 0 $ 33,000,000 984975 % Centrue Financial Corporation $ 1,000 $ 0 $ 33,000,000 3299900 % Pulaski Financial Corp $ 1,000 $ 0 $ 33,000,000 3299900 % Peapack - Gladstone Financial Corporation $ 2,300 $ 0 $ 28,685,000 124707 4 % Centerstate Banks of Florida Inc. $ 500 $ 0 $ 27,875,000 5574900 % Citizens & Northern Corporation $ 700 $ 0 $ 26,000,000 3714186 % Peoples Bancorp of North Carolina , Inc. $ 2,125 $ 0 $ 25,054,000 1178912 % Shore Bancshares , Inc. $ 3,800 $ 0 $ 25,000,000 657795 % Horizon Bancorp $ 2,600 $ 0 $ 25,000,000 961438 % Intervest Bancshares Corporation $ 2,300 $ 0 $ 25,000,000 1086857 % HF Financial Corp . $ 250 $ 0 $ 25,000,000 9999900 % Heritage Financial Corporation $ 1,250 $ 0 $ 24,000,000 1919900 % Wainwright Bank & Trust Company $ 15,250 $ 0 $ 22,000,000 144162 % Citizens South Banking Corporation $ 750 $ 0 $ 20,500,000 2733233 % First Financial Service Corporation $ 7,325 $ 0 $ 20,000,000 272938 % BNCCORP , Inc. $ 5,050 $ 0 $ 20,000,000 395940 % C&F Financial Corporation $ 250 $ 0 $ 20,000,000 7999900 % Carver Bancorp , Inc $ 5,300 $ 0 $ 19,000,000 358391 % Bar Harbor Bankshares / Bar Harbor Bank & Trust $ 500 $ 0 $ 19,000,000 3799900 % Security Federal Corporation $ 1,250 $ 0 $ 18,000,000 1439900 % ECB Bancorp , Inc. / East Carolina Bank $ 1,000 $ 0 $ 18,0 00,000 1799900 % Timberland Bancorp , Inc. $ 430 $ 0 $ 16,641,000 3869900 % Carolina Bank Holdings , Inc. $ 1,250 $ 0 $ 16,000,000 1279900 % BankFirst Capital Corporation $ 500 $ 0 $ 16,000,000 3199900 % Monarch Financial Holdings , Inc. $ 1,997 $ 0 $ 14,700,000 736004 % Magna Bank $ 2,250 $ 0 $ 13,795,000 613011 % Morrill Bancshares , Inc. $ 3,100 $ 0 $ 13,000,000 419255 % LCNB Corp . $ 1,000 $ 0 $ 13,000,000 1299900 % OneUnited Bank $ 3,550 $ 0 $ 12,063,000 339703 % First Manitowoc Bancorp , Inc. $ 2,500 $ 0 $ 12,000,000 479900 % 1st Constitution Bancorp $ 2,000 $ 0 $ 12,000,000 599900 % Pacific Coast Bankers ’ Bancshares $ 250 $ 0 $ 11,600,000 4639900 % Mid Penn Bancorp , Inc. $ 1,800 $ 0 $ 10,000,000 555456 % Uwharrie Capital Corp $ 1,500 $ 0 $ 10,000,000 666567 % Midland States Bancorp $ 500 $ 0 $ 10,000,000 1999900 % New Hampshire Thrift Bancshares , Inc. $ 500 $ 0 $ 10,000,000 1999900 % Citizens First Corporation $ 74,700 $ 0 $ 8,779,000 11652 % Syringa Bancorp $ 750 $ 0 $ 8,000,000 1066567 % First Sound Bank $ 2,716 $ 0 $ 7,400,000 272359 % Western Community Bancshares , Inc. $ 5,600 $ 0 $ 7,290,000 130079 % Fidelity Bancorp , Inc. $ 5,100 $ 0 $ 7,000,000 137155 % Somerset Hills Bancorp $ 2,000 $ 0 $ 7,000,000 349900 % American State Bancshares , Inc. $ 5,350 $ 0 $ 6,000,000 112050 % Patapsco Bancorp , Inc. $ 1,050 $ 0 $ 6,000,000 571329 % Seaside National Bank & Trust $ 400 $ 0 $ 6,000,000 1499900 % Northeast Bancorp $ 1,000 $ 0 $ 4,227,000 422600 % Pacific Commerce Bank $ 1,500 $ 0 $ 4,060,000 270567 % Capital Pacific Bancorp $ 1,750 $ 0 $ 4,000,000 228471 % Bank of Commerce $ 15,950 $ 0 $ 3,000,000 18709 % FPB Financial Corp . $ 500 $ 0 $ 3,000,000 599900 % Treaty Oak Bancorp , Inc. $ 250 $ 0 $ 3,000,000 1199900 % Grand Total $ 37,477,300 $ 76,702,895 $ 305,212,309,000 267208 %
* TARP recipient list accessed at Treasury.gov on Feb. 2 , 2009 .
List includes only recipients that spent money on lobbying or were associated with campaign contributions .
Campaign contributions include money from PACs and individuals but do not include post-election fundraising .
** Includes data for Merrill Lynch , which was acquired by Bank of America
You can also download this data here : TARP Recipients.xls
# # #
( CNN ) -- Legendary wrestling figure Captain Lou Albano , perhaps best known for his association with pop singer Cyndi Lauper , died Wednesday , according to World Wrestling Entertainment .
Captain Lou Albano reached a new level of fame in the ' 80s with his association with Cyndi Lauper .
Albano , 76 , was " one of the company 's most popular and charismatic legends , " the company said in a statement .
The cause of death was not immediately disclosed .
" Albano began his storied career with Vincent J. McMahon in the 1960s as one half of ' The Sicilians ' tag team with his partner Tony Altimore , " the WWE said .
" He will be greatly missed by the WWE and his fans . "
Albano , who was with the WWE from 1983 to 1996 , was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 1996 .
He started as a tag team wrestler in the 1950s but became a successful manager of champion wrestlers in the 1970s , according to a biography on the WWE Web site .
Albano was recognizable by his penchant for unbuttoned Hawaiian shirts and a trademark beard , which was usually bound by a rubber band .
His persona earned him the distinction of " one of the most hated men " in wrestling for 15 years , the WWE biography said .
Albano 's image evolved in the 1980s , when he teamed with Lauper on several music videos , such as " Girls Just Want to Have Fun , " and wrestling appearances .
As his celebrity status grew , Albano landed acting jobs , including a role on several episodes of the " Miami Vice " TV series , the biography said .
Albano became a cartoon in 1989 , when he was the voice of Mario " Jumpman " Mario for 17 episodes of " The Super Mario Bros. Super Show ! " according to the Internet Movie Database .
CNN 's Jack Hannah and Denise Quan contributed to this report .
All About World Wrestling Entertainment Inc. • Cyndi Lauper
The Smokestack Effect : Toxic Air and America's Schools
What might be in the air outside your school ?
Search for a school to see the toxic chemicals that government data indicated were in the air outside .
School Name City / County Select a State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Required field Regulators have found high levels of neurotoxic manganese in the air outside two schools in Ohio and West Virginia , the latest results of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 's efforts to check for chemicals outside schools across the nation .
Government scientists have determined that long - term exposure to manganese can cause mental disabilities and emotional problems , especially in kids .
The preliminary results , to be released today , found average manganese levels at least 70 % higher than what the EPA considers safe for long - term exposure outside Warren Elementary School in Marietta , Ohio , and Neale Elementary School in Vienna , W.Va .
The schools are about 10 miles from each other .
FULL COVERAGE : The Smokestack Effect EPA : List of schools being monitored
In both cases , EPA officials stress the results are preliminary , and that drawing conclusions about long - term health dangers from a small number of samples is impossible .
Regulators will take at least six more samples at the schools .
" This entire effort has been about sound science , transparency and the responsibility EPA has to ensure our children are protected where they play and learn , " says EPA spokesman Brendan Gilfillan .
The results worry experts .
" That 's definitely something we do n't want to see in the air near schools , " says Gina Solomon , a senior scientist for the Natural Resources Defense Council .
One reason : Manganese can accumulate in the soil .
That means kids at elementary schools can also be exposed by playing in the dirt , Solomon says .
" I 'm very concerned , " says Stephen Lester , science director of the Center for Health , Environment & Justice , a group that focuses on children and schools .
" It speaks volumes to the need to address these problems . "
Manganese is often emitted by metalworking plants , Solomon says .
If monitoring continues to show problems , she says , the " priority is figuring out where it 's coming from " and reducing the emissions .
That 's the hope of Tom Gibbs , superintendent of the Ohio school 's district .
" We 're optimistic that the monitoring will result in some action , " he says .
" This is something that the community is going to need to work together to address . "
Neale Principal Michael
Fling says he plans to let the parents of his 389 students know later this week what the EPA is finding .
" I 'm glad that they 're doing it , " Fling says of the EPA .
" There are a lot of people in the community who had questions . "
The 63 - school monitoring effort is part of a $ 2.25 million EPA program launched in response to a USA TODAY investigation that identified hundreds of schools where chemicals appear to saturate the air .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
More than 40 parents have signed a petition against the installation of a wi-fi internet connection at a Merseyside primary school .
They fear radiation emitted from the system could leave pupils at Woodlands primary in Formby with a range of conditions , including brain problems .
School head Simon Grilli told parents the wi-fi would be set up next week .
He disputed their claims and said the Health Protection Agency ( HPA ) had been consulted over the installation .
One of the reasons we picked the school is because it was not near a phone mast so we did not have to worry about radiation coming from that
Phil Hughes , parent Phil Hughes , a homeopathist whose nine - year - old daughter attends Woodlands primary , said he was already looking into moving her to another school .
" I have carried out a lot of research into the effects and engineers who have installed wi-fi in the past have recorded suffering from headaches and other ailments , " he said .
" Many experts say there could be a link between wi-fi emissions and things like memory loss in children .
We are very worried and we do n't want our daughter exposed to that . "
Wi -fi , or Wireless Fidelity , connects computers to the internet at broadband speeds without cables .
Evidence ' inconsistent '
It emits the same electromagnetic radiation as mobile phones and there has been a long - running debate as to whether the radiation can affect people 's health .
Mr Grilli said : " I am aware of the concerns of a small number of parents and have considered this matter at length with the school governors .
" We have looked very carefully at the advice of the Health Protection Agency and BECTA ( British Educational Communications and Technology Agency ) which says there is no evidence to suggest it is unsafe to use wireless LAN in a school environment . "
Information on the Health and Protection Agency ( HPA ) website states " there is no consistent evidence to date that Wi-Fi and WLANs adversely affects the health of the general population " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SPOILER : Following the news that Top Gear have been filming in Romania recently comes a selection of videos from YouTube .
If you ’d prefer to wait until Series 14 goes to air later this year , then read no further .
If you would like a sneak peak at James May , Richard Hammond and Jeremy Clarkson going topless in supercar nirvana , along one of the world ’s great roads , then follow the jump .
There are three clips on offer , and while they may not offer any competition against the usual brilliant standards of Top Gear ‘s cinematography , it ’s still worth taking a behind the scenes look at what amounts to a tough day ’s work in the life of a Top Gear presenter .
[ Thanks to Andrew for the tip ]
About the Society
The Society was formed by a group of concerned citizen - scientists who felt the need to alert the public to mankind 's ultimate disaster .
The incessant irresponsible squandering of man 's most precious terrestrial resource by an unthinking , unknowing populace has to be stopped !
Consider the following :
The United States , with only 6 % of the world 's population , uses 59 % of its gravity .
A single moon rocket launching uses more gravity in a few moments than the entire world used during all of the 18th century .
The Sears Tower in Chicago ( 103 elevators !! ) uses as much gravity in one day as fifty Mount Everest expiditions .
Air Freight is becoming acceptable in many parts of the country .
Outside of our society there are no programs to develop alternatives , such as synthetic gravity , artificial gravity , or new gravity mines .
These five items ( from a list of dozens in our files ) should cause anyone to stop and think --
" What will happen to me when our gravity is gone ? "
The answer is obvious .
The unprotected citizen , caught in the open with no lag bolt or other protection , is doomed .
The lucky person who awakes one morning and finds himself bumping gently against the bedroom ceiling will be thankful he was n't camping out .
Birds will have to learn to fly upside - down to get back to their nests .
Rabbits , kangaroos , and children on pogo sticks will disappear in a trice .
Shoppers will be forced to stand in line to have their potatoes weighed while the gravity supply for the scale builds up .
A gruesome picture ?
It is indeed !
Can something be done ?
It can , and the American Society for the Conservation of Gravity is doing it .
Our activities fall into three broad categories :
Public Awareness Programs Scientific Action Projects Community Reaction and Publicity Examples of our PAP programs are our posters and our bumper sticker .
The Schaumburg Research Lab is our most famous SAP , while our newsletter is our most widespread CRAP .
These worthy activities , conducted entirely without government intervention or support , are the only things which are presently standing between mankind and oblivion .
The Society has , in fact , established a policy of avoiding governmental sponsorship .
We can envision the establishment of the Department of Gravity , with a twenty - billion dollar budget , thousands of bureaucrats , consultants and ne'er - do - well politicians .
Even then , our gravity would undoubtedly all end up in Georgia , complete with a totally incomprehensible tax and coupon system .
Our Society feels that this problem is a matter best handled by the intelligent individual .
We urge you to do your part .
A few easy steps , taken by enough concerned people , will suffice to stave off disaster .
We urge you to support the Society , join in its activities , teach your friends and neighbors what they can do , and above all , conserve our most precious terrestrial resource .
The Society was formed by a group of concerned citizen - scientists who felt the need to alert the public to mankind 's ultimate disaster .
The incessant irresponsible squandering of man'sby an unthinking , unknowing populace has to be stopped !
Consider the following : These five items ( from a list of dozens in our files ) should cause anyone to stop and think --
" What will happen to me when our gravity is gone ? "
The answer is obvious .
The unprotected citizen , caught in the open with no lag bolt or other protection , is doomed .
The lucky person who awakes one morning and finds himself bumping gently against the bedroom ceiling will be thankful he was n't camping out .
Birds will have to learn to fly upside - down to get back to their nests .
Rabbits , kangaroos , and children on pogo sticks will disappear in a trice .
Shoppers will be forced to stand in line to have their potatoes weighed while the gravity supply for the scale builds up .
A gruesome picture ?
It is indeed !
Can something be done ?
It can , and the American Society for the Conservation of Gravity is doing it .
Our activities fall into three broad categories : Examples of our PAP programs are our posters and our bumper sticker .
The Schaumburg Research Lab is our most famous SAP , while our newsletter is our most widespread CRAP .
These worthy activities , conducted entirely without government intervention or support , are the only things which are presently standing between mankind and oblivion .
The Society has , in fact , established a policy of avoiding governmental sponsorship .
We can envision the establishment of the Department of Gravity , with a twenty - billion dollar budget , thousands of bureaucrats , consultants and ne'er - do - well politicians .
Even then , our gravity would undoubtedly all end up in Georgia , complete with a totally incomprehensible tax and coupon system .
Our Society feels that this problem is a matter best handled by the intelligent individual .
We urge you to do your part .
A few easy steps , taken by enough concerned people , will suffice to stave off disaster .
We urge you to support the Society , join in its activities , teach your friends and neighbors what they can do , and above all , The American Society for the Conservation of Gravity was formed by my grandfather , Darwin Randall Crum , in March of 1980 .
Once a strapping organization , it had all but fallen apart since his death , surviving only in stacks of papers and pamphlets in attics and filing cabinets .
I have begun the process of creating the Society anew and continuing my grandfather 's essential work in educating the public about the terrible menace we all face .
Vinnie Cilurzo Gets Funky
The daring beers of Russian River Brewing Company
Vinnie Cilurzo is regarded as one of the most innovative microbrewers in the country .
He ’s often credited with inventing the Double IPA , an ultrahoppy style that ’s become extremely popular among craft - beer drinkers .
More recently , Cilurzo has joined a handful of maverick American brewers in making Belgian - style ales fermented with an aggressive yeast called Brettanomyces .
He ’s also aging beer in old wine barrels , and adding strains of bacteria that impart sour flavors .
He calls the results “ funky beers , ” and judging by the awards they ’re racking up , they may just prove to be the future of American brewing .
— Lessley Anderson
How did you get into brewing , and how did you come up with the Double IPA ?
I went into it after working in my parents ’ wine business .
I guess you could say I ’ve been around yeasts all my life .
I kind of invented the Double IPA at the [ now - defunct ]
Blind Pig in San Diego , where I worked prior to Russian River [ Brewing Company ] .
I did it mainly because the equipment we had there was so rustic that if there were off flavors , the hops would cover them up .
What ’s the story behind the names of your Belgian beers : Damnation , Salvation , Redemption , etc . ?
The classic strong golden Belgian ale is Duvel [ Flemish for “ devil ” ] .
A lot of beers of this style pay homage to it by having a devilish Satan / hell - type [ name ] , like Delirium Tremens , PranQster , Judas , Lucifer .
You know how people always talk about where they were when John Lennon died ?
I ’ll always remember where I was when I came up with the name for Damnation .
I had been home - brewing that beer for about three years , and I was on my way home when this Squirrel Nut Zippers song came on the radio in my car called “ Hell . ”
In the song , they spell out the word damnation , and I knew that was going to be the name .
By the time I got home I figured I had to also make a beer called Redemption , and then my buddy suggested Salvation and Temptation as well .
What ’s up with the labels ?
Are those drawings all of pitchforks ?
No , they ’re antique gardening tools .
Damnation has a trident .
Supplication has a grass aerator .
Temptation has a scythe .
I like to garden .
You ’re known in the brewing world for being adept at using this challenging type of yeast , Brettanomyces , that ’s used in many Belgian ales .
What ’s the appeal ?
Brett creates a rustic , unique flavor , like leather or barnyard .
It ’s really distinctive .
But it ’s extremely aggressive .
Some winemakers wo n’t even come in here because they ’re afraid to get it on them .
I ’ve had brewery owners call me and say , “ My brewer wants to start brewing with this yeast ; what do you think ? ”
Then I tell them all the risks — the wild yeasts , bacteria floating around your brewery , and it ’s dangerous from a brewing standpoint [ because it can infect other beers ] .
Then usually the brewer calls me up all mad , because I ’ve talked the owner out of it .
But you use it successfully .
But it ’s like a dog :
It ’ll bite you if you show you ’re afraid of it .
You have to understand the science and art of it .
We have to be very careful that it does n’t get into the other beers we make here .
We had a couple batches of Damnation , early on , where we accidentally got a little Brett in them , and they were ruined .
Well , they did n’t taste like Damnation anymore .
This brewery is not that large .
How do you keep the yeast from spreading into the other beers ?
We keep two of everything , if not more .
And what I mean by that is , we have a separate pump just for the funky beers .
Different hoses , different valves , different gaskets for hoses and doors , and even the rubber gloves we use for cleaning and handling .
And we keep the barrels of aged beer in a separate room .
How did you first decide to start experimenting with aging beers like wine , in barrels ?
The first beer we made with Brett , Temptation , was also our first aged beer .
It was made in 1999 and released in 2000 .
It ’s a blond ale aged in Chardonnay barrels .
You do n’t have to ferment in barrels if you use Brett ; you can do it in stainless steel .
In fact , my very , very favorite beer , [ the Belgian ]
Orval , is made that way .
But I wanted to put Temptation in wood , because Brett is a yeast that ’s so strong , it just wants to keep on eating .
If it runs out of sugars in the beer to keep eating , it wo n’t die .
It ’s almost impossible to kill .
But if you give it a place to live in the porousness of the barrel , it can keep eating the sugars in the wood , and keep kicking out all these interesting flavors while it ’s doing it .
How long do you age your beers ?
Consecration is aged 6 to 9 months , Temptation 9 to 15 months , Supplication 12 to 18 months .
The average brewery is on a 24 - to 25 - day cycle .
It ’s a pretty big financial hardship for us to make beer this way .
Our biggest - selling beer , accounting for over 50 percent of our sales , is the [ unaged Double IPA ]
Pliny the Elder .
We could make a lot more [ unaged ] beer in here if we did n’t commit this much space to funky beers , but that ’s my passion .
And you ’ve recently been getting even more funky by adding bacteria to some of your aged beers that are typically used in sour Belgian styles like lambics and gueuzes .
Yes .
Back then , Temptation was n’t as acidic and sour as it is now , because it was n’t until recently that we introduced lactobacillus and pediococcus into the beer .
Right now your beers are mainly available on the West Coast .
How important is it to you to go national ?
Not at all .
We expanded three months ago into this new brewery space , so now we ’re brewing in both our brewpub and in this brewery .
And we started bottling Pliny the Elder , which until six weeks ago we had never done before .
It had only been available on draft .
We could be [ widely available ] like Stone or Lagunitas , and I get calls from distributors all the time from all over the country .
But we do this more for the lifestyle , my wife and I , and same with our employees .
I can ride my bike to work .
I live one to two miles from either brewery .
I fill my gas tank once a week .
I think you can get caught up way too much in growth .
We do n’t have any growth goals .
So what ’s next for you ?
A new beer called Consecration .
We did a test batch at the pub , but it has n’t been released yet .
It ’s aged in Cabernet Sauvignon barrels , with currants thrown in .
Lessley Anderson is senior editor at CHOW .
Photo - illustration by Sean McCabe
A senior Reserve Bank official says rising house prices do not actually benefit most owners , and tend to transfer wealth from the poor to the rich .
The RBA 's head of economic analysis , Tony Richards , says it is good that Australia seems to have escaped the large house price falls that destabilised many other advanced economies such as the US and UK , but that rapid price rises might be similarly destructive .
" Looking forward , the risk is that we might move towards undesirably strong growth in Australian housing prices , " he told a CEDA forum on housing affordability .
" Mortgage rates are particularly low at present and , as the Bank has noted on a number of occasions , it is not reasonable to expect that interest rates will stay at the current low levels indefinitely .
" When they do rise towards more normal levels , discussions on housing affordability will again focus more on the level of housing prices relative to incomes . "
Mr Richards also emphasised the disproportionate impact that house prices rising faster than incomes had on lower income households .
" Lower - income households are less likely to own housing , either their own home or an investment property , than higher - income ones , " he said .
" So when the price of housing rises , higher - income households tend to benefit at the expense of lower - income households . "
He says housing is a zero sum game , where any benefits in rising prices for existing owners come at the direct expense of those entering the market .
The main benefits of rising house prices only accrue to investors , as owner - occupiers who see the value of their current house rise will likely have to pay roughly the same increase to buy another property to live in if they move .
Not only that , but the more households spend on housing , the more they pay in interest to the major banks , and the less they have have available for spending on other goods and services .
" As I have noted before , as a nation , we are not really any richer when the price of housing rises , but the more vulnerable tend to be hurt , " Mr Richards said .
' Reduce impediments ' to development
Tony Richards says it appears that the trend towards smaller household sizes has ended , and is perhaps even reversing , however he also notes that this may be because more people are having to share housing to make it affordable .
Even if household sizes have stabilised , he says the demand from a higher birth rate and immigration numbers is exceeding the current supply of housing .
" The population estimates that came out last week showed growth of 2.1 per cent over the year to the March quarter , which of itself would imply demand for around 165,000 new dwellings a year , which is well above the construction level of recent years . "
While Mr Richards acknowledged the impact that the financial crisis had been having on access to finance for large developments to proceed , he says that is likely to ease as credit markets continue to improve .
He says the main long - term problem is the difficulty in getting planning approval for new housing .
" In particular , even if one discounts some of the reports from the housing and land development industry groups , it is clear there have been problems in recent years in land zoning , and in the development and building approvals processes , " he said .
Tony Richards say this problem is only likely to get worse as the supply of large former industrial sites near the centre of many Australian cities dwindles .
" The bank 's liaison program has indicated that the stock of remaining available new ' brownfield ' sites for housing may be relatively limited compared with the past , " he said .
And he warns that some inner-city communities are going to have to get used to more high - rise housing if a an affordability crisis is to be averted .
" Some increase in density is inevitable as the populations of our cities grow , this will put greater focus on the replacement of existing housing with higher density housing , " he said .
" Of course , this process is frequently unpopular with existing residents , so there are all sorts of difficult issues for state governments and local councils to deal with .
" Nevertheless , if housing affordability is a concern , it will be necessary to keep working to reduce impediments to the construction of new housing , both inside our cities and at the fringes . "
A celebrity - obsessed group of rich reform - school girls allegedly waged a yearlong , A - list crime spree through the Hollywood Hills — ripping off millions in cash and jewels from mansions of such stars as Paris Hilton and Lindsay Lohan , it was revealed yesterday .
The teens had a simple strategy .
They allegedly looked up their celebrity targets ’ addresses , property images and schedules on the Internet to plot their heists , according to People magazine .
PHOTOS : TEENS BEHIND CELEB CRIME WAVE
The jobs include a $ 2 million jewelry heist at Hilton ’s sprawling home last December .
The heir - head had left the front door wide open .
On Aug. 23 , they allegedly pulled off a break - in at Lohan ’s place , where $ 128,000 in cash and designer clothes were stolen .
The crew is also believed responsible for a July 16 theft at “ Pirates of the Caribbean ” star Orlando Bloom ’s pad , where some $ 500,000 in jewels and art were taken , and a Feb. 23 heist at the home of “ The Hills ” star Audrina Patridge , where $ 43,000 in jewels was stolen .
Cops also are reportedly eyeing the group for burglaries at the homes of Rachel Bilson of “ The O.C. ” and Hayden Panettiere of “ Heroes . ”
The gang ’s alleged mastermind , 18 - year - old Rachel Lee , was busted at her father ’s Las Vegas home Thursday .
Cops there seized “ laptops , photographs of a partially nude woman , photographs of Lee ’s friends , more than 200 $ 100 bills , a Korean passport and a vial of marijuana , ” according to TMZ.com .
Authorities also found a series of items linked to the crimes , such as Lohan ’s hat , Bilson ’s jeans and “ partially nude photographs linked to Paris Hilton , ” the site reported .
After Lee was busted in Vegas , she at first denied knowledge of the heists , KVVU - TV reported .
But she then allegedly told cops : “ Hypothetically , let ’s say I might know where this property is located and who has it .
How could this help me ? ”
Lee is a graduate of the Indian Hills HS for troubled teens in the posh LA suburb of Calabasas , along with alleged cohorts Courtney Ames , 18 , Diana Tamayo , 19 , and Nicholas Prugo , 18 , who was arrested earlier in the week .
“ Wow , no kidding .
Does it surprise me ?
Not really , ” said one of Ames ’ neighbors , who would n’t give his name .
“ She was always looking for trouble and always looking to fall into the wrong crowd .
“ It was like she was looking for trouble , ” the former pal told The Post .
“ People would make fun of her .
She alienated herself on purpose . ”
Another busted member of the crew , Alexis Neiers , 18 , is the sister of Playboy model Tess Taylor , according to reports .
The siblings were working on a reality show — and Taylor showed up at the jail Thursday night with a camera crew to capture Neiers , Tamayo and Ames walking out .
Tamayo was once a standout student .
According to The Acorn newspaper , she was class president of Indian Hills HS in 2008 and won a $ 1,500 “ Future Teacher ” scholarship .
Lee , Ames and Neiers have been freed on $ 50,000 bail each , while Tamayo remains in custody on an immigration hold .
All were arrested on suspicion of burglary , though none has yet been formally charged .
Another Calabasas man , a bartender named Roy Lopez , 27 , also was arrested in connection with the spree , police said .
Prugo is the only suspect formally charged .
He was slapped with two counts of first - degree burglary for the Lohan and Patridge heists and freed on $ 100,000 bail .
He faces six years in prison .
After his arrest in September , rumors surfaced that Prugo and Lohan knew each other .
Lohan refused to shoot the rumors down .
A major break in the case came when security cameras at Patridge ’s LA home captured a young man and woman on the property .
“ I got home late last night and realized that my house had been robbed .
It was pretty devastating ! ” Patridge wrote on her Web site after the crime .
Lohan ’s home was burglarized while she was out at a birthday party .
She came home at 3 a.m. to find that “ the safe was ripped off the wall , and the door was off the hinges , and door handles were removed . . .
Bags , shoes and jewelry were taken , ” her mom , Dina , has said .
Last night , Hilton ’s spokeswoman said she had most of her $ 2 million in valuables returned — and that she could n’t be happier .
“ Paris went to the police station last night to retrieve her stolen belongings , ” her publicist , Dawn Miller , reportedly said .
“ She did n’t get everything but fortunately most of her jewelry was returned .
She ’s really pleased and thankful to the LAPD for their help . ”
Additional reporting by Tori Richards in Los Angeles
todd.venezia@nypost.com
ox·y·mo·ron
n. pl. ox·y·mo·ra or ox·y·mo·rons
A rhetorical figure in which incongruous or contradictory terms are combined , as in Microsoft Security , Microsoft Help and Microsoft Works .
[ Greek oxumoron , from neuter of oxumoros , pointedly foolish : oxus , sharp ; see oxygen + moros , foolish , dull . ] ox·y·mo·ron·ic adj .
ox·y·mo·ron·i·cal·ly adv .
This is just sick .
The hope of a government - run insurance option is all but gone .
So there will be no effective alternative for consumers in the market for health coverage , which means no competitive pressure for private insurers to rein in premiums and other charges .
( Forget about the nonprofit cooperatives .
That ’s like sending peewee footballers up against the Super Bowl champs . )
Insurance companies are delighted with the way “ reform ” is unfolding .
Think of it :
The government is planning to require most uninsured Americans to buy health coverage .
Millions of young and healthy individuals will be herded into the industry ’s welcoming arms .
This is the population the insurers drool over .
So just to get this straight .
You and I are probably going to pay more in taxes , regardless of what they tell us , and our country is going to be set back another trillion bucks , so that Blue Cross can make even more money , while continuing to up our premiums by 25 % a year with no commensurate increase in benefits .
It ’s good to be king .
And let ’s not forget the drug companies :
The White House , for its part , agreed not to seek additional savings from the drug companies over those 10 years .
This resulted in big grins and high fives at the drug lobby .
The White House was rolled .
The deal meant that the government ’s ability to use its enormous purchasing power to negotiate lower drug prices was off the table .
This is what it feels like to be rolled .
And played .
A federal retirement agency approved nearly 100 percent of disability claims filed by workers for the Long Island Rail Road even after enacting changes meant to address chronic abuse of the public benefits system , a government review has found .
The agency , the Railroad Retirement Board , which is the equivalent of Social Security for railroad workers , said last October that it would use greater oversight to examine claims filed by L.I.R.R. employees after reports in The New York Times that virtually every career L.I.R.R. employee applied for and received disability payments from the federal government .
But in the six months since the changes were adopted , the agency approved 64 of the 66 occupational disability claims filed by retired L.I.R.R. workers , according to the review , an audit by the Government Accountability Office that is to be released on Friday .
A copy of the report was obtained by The Times .
The approval rate was roughly 97 percent , about the same level as before the new measures were enacted .
SANTIAGO , Chile — Chile ’s 120 members of Congress have announced that as of mid-November , they will stop showing up for work .
They are not striking or protesting .
They are just skipping work for a month because they have more important things to do , like winning an election .
As the Dec. 13 general elections nears , the Congress building in Valparaiso has emptied of Chile ’s well - paid civil servants responsible for making laws .
Many are on the campaign trail , trying to get re-elected or supporting their presidential candidate .
Two of the four candidates are also members of Parliament : Deputy Marco Enriquez - Ominami and Senator Eduardo Frei .
The other two are right - wing businessman Sebastian Pinera and Jorge Arrate , representing the left .
It has proven difficult to reach a quorum during the afternoon sessions on Tuesdays and Wednesdays , and a dwindling number of representatives were attending the three - hour morning meetings from Tuesday to Thursday , when they are supposed to discuss and vote on new laws .
They were all just too busy on the campaign trail .
And on Thursdays , when there are no commissions in the afternoon , deputies were n’t showing up at all .
So in mid-October , the party leaders of the Chamber of Deputies unanimously and unilaterally decided that it ’s better to adapt to reality than make their representatives do the job they were elected to do .
They voted to take Thursdays off work so they could have more time for campaigning .
And as of Nov. 17 and until the elections , the Chamber of Deputies will shut down altogether .
But they will not surrender their salaries and allowances of about $ 11,000 a month .
Congress is normally expected to work 11 months a year .
During that time , legislators are expected to spend three days a week working in the Congressional building .
One week a month is be spent back in the district they represent .
This is not the first time they 've taken a few liberties with that schedule come election season .
But only this year did they formally establish it through an agreement that absolved them of all their normal duties .
The deputies say that technically they are not suspending their work , just “ reprogramming it . ”
They promised they would make up for it in the 10 days between the elections and Christmas .
The decision does not extend to the Senate .
“ They ’re an embarrassment .
We are all paying them — and a lot — with our tax money to do their job .
If any worker in this country stopped going to work , he would be fired immediately , ” said Fabiola Ramirez , a sales clerk .
Not all members of Congress agree with the decision , nor were they asked about it .
This is n't the first time that Chile 's elected representatives have fallen into public disfavor .
For years , the public has rated Congress as one of the country 's worst institutions , and this latest decision has only reinforced that perception .
A survey by the firm Adimark in September — before the deputies decided not to work anymore — found that only 22 percent of those polled approved of the Chamber of Deputies , and just 26 percent approved of the Senate .
Some of the top mayors in the country across the political spectrum sent the representatives an angry letter complaining about their “ campaign leave ” — not so much out of principle , but rather because when they wanted to take leave for the last municipal elections , Congress suspended their pay while they did so .
But Congress turned a deaf ear .
Deputy Ramon Farias , of the government coalition , said the mayors ’ letter was mere populism .
“ They should be concerned about working themselves instead of going around taking pictures of themselves with candidates .
If we are going to start taking out the dirty laundry , then we will all suffer the damage , ” Farias said .
Farias should know .
In an investigative report on the work of Congress broadcast on national television last June , Farias was filmed frequently checking out his Facebook account and that of his friends during congressional debate sessions .
The television crew had filmed the morning sessions at the Chamber of Deputies during four months , revealing a nearly empty chamber while bills were being discussed and voted , how deputies came in hours late if at all , regularly went in to mark attendance electronically and leave , or arrived just in time to vote on a bill and leave immediately .
It showed sessions with only 20 of the 120 representatives present .
The program uncovered many of them checking the results of horse races online , reading newspapers , talking with their colleagues or speaking on cell phones while the nation ’s budget was being discussed .
Others would be seen strolling at a nearby plaza and shining their shoes in the midst of congressional debate .
The report was devastating and members of Congress had a hard time explaining to their electorate why they spent more time making comments to journalists in the hallways or driving off to the capital instead of discussing vital laws .
The problem is n’t only when they do n’t work , but also some of the silly proposals they draft when they do .
When Chile ’s soccer team qualified for the World Soccer Cup in October , three deputies , in the heat of euphoria , presented a bill to grant citizenship to the team ’s trainer , the Argentine Marcelo Bielsa .
The bill died four hours later after instant public mockery .
Plants listed in this section are those which have been used by humans for their mind - or emotion - altering properties .
These plants range from the common to the extremely uncommon and include plants with a long history of use as well as those with little to no track record .
The writings of Eriq Nelson , ranging from poetry to prose to Extremely Bad Ideas and short stories .
NASA has long planned to mine water on the moon to supply human colonies and future space exploration .
Now the discovery of small amounts of water across much of the lunar surface has shifted that vision into fast - forward , with the U.S. space agency pursuing several promising technologies .
A hydrogen reduction plant and lunar rover prospectors have already passed field tests on Hawaii 's volcanic soil , and more radical microwave technology has shown that it may be used to extract underground water ice .
Water mined by these methods could not only keep astronauts supplied with a drink , but may also provide oxygen and fuel for lunar missions .
" You can make back costs fairly quickly compared to the launch costs of just throwing tanks of water and oxygen at the moon , " said GeraldSanders , manager of NASA 's In - Situ Resource Utilization Project .
He pointed to a cost - analysis study conducted by the NASA Ames Research Center in California that suggested such extraction technologies could pay for themselves within a year .
Still , Sanders cautioned that big unknowns must be conquered before NASA engineers can go prospecting for lunar water .
They need to know how much water the moon holds , where it is , and how deep they have to excavate .
One probe , NASA ?s LCROSS spacecraft , is closing in on the moon ? s south pole and is expected to crash into a crater on Oct. 9 in another bid to find water ice hidden within the permanent shadows there .
Not just half - baked
NASA scientists have quietly worked on water mining technologies for years in small laboratories .
But a full - blown program did not emerge until the latest vision for living off the land and using lunar resources emerged in2004 .
One promising technology takes advantage of the chemistry of the moon dirt - or regolith - by adding hydrogen , which then reacts with iron oxide in the moon dirt to produce water .
Such hydrogen reduction reactors heat the regolith to about 1,832 degrees Fahrenheit ( 1,000 degrees Celsius ) so that the proper chemical reactions can occur .
A process known as electrolysis can then split the extracted water into pure hydrogen and oxygen , either for rocket fuel or astronaut air supplies .
NASA has already tested a hydrogen reduction reactor on Hawaii's MaunaKea Volcano .
During a year - long operation , it produced 1,455 pounds ( 660 kg ) of oxygen from a rocky soil containing 5 percent iron oxide .
Now engineers have a second - generation system in the works that can produce 2,205 pounds ( 1,000 kg ) .
Several different rovers and mining drills have also cut their teeth in Hawaiian field tests , and demonstrated how future missions could excavate water from lunar regolith or underground ice pockets .
" You basically have a small chamber on a rover , and the rover scoops regolith into the heating chamber , " Sanders told SPACE.com .
He compared it to the oven technology previously used on NASA 's Phoenix MarsLander , except that the Phoenix oven represented a one - time use device .
A reusable lunar reactor would require airtight valves that could open and close over many times over several years .
But engineers remain unsure about whether to dig up material and bring it back to a central processing plant , or if rovers should simply carry the processing technology .
One serious consideration comes from whether weakly held water in the regolith might get lost during lunar excavations , researchers said .
Microwave the moon
Beyond ovens , NASA has also looked at microwaves to mine moon water .
Tests on simulated lunar permafrost have shown that beamed microwaves can vaporize 98 percent of water ice , and capture 99 percent of the extracted water in gas form - all without the need for drilling or digging in frigid conditions where water ice might become as solid as granite .
Microwave technology remains in its infancy , but could have " significant energy savings " compared to digging up and heating huge masses of regolith , Sanders said .
Testing such technology is expensive , even in Earth laboratories .
But computer modeling has helped calculate how different microwaves get absorbed by different types of lunar regolith , said Edwin Ethridge , a materials scientist at NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center at Huntsville , Ala .
" We do n't know the ideal microwave frequencies necessarily , " Ethridge explained .
" It depends on where the water is and how concentrated it is . "
The amount of iron within lunar regolith also changes how much microwaves get absorbed , and it's not the same across the moon 's surface .
Apollo astronauts brought back samples from the lunar plains , but NASA scientists suspect that much water ice could lie hidden within the highlands and regions near the lunar poles .
Ethridge and his colleagues hope to eventually get their hands on more real lunar samples .
But for now they have several variants of simulated lunar dirt that represent different parts of the moon .
Moon , Mars or bust
Whatever the method , water - mining technology may prove ready sooner thanNASA can return to the moon .
The agency hopes to send astronauts back to the moon by the 2020s , but uncertainty over the manned Constellation program and the agency 's future weighs heavily on the funding for these efforts , and how soon they might deploy .
Much also hinges on the fast - approaching LCROSS mission that aims to crash into the moon with two impactors .
That could tell scientists how much more water ice lies hidden within craters near the lunar poles , and help fill in some of the unknowns .
" The first step in all of this is basically to understand the concentrations of [ available ] water , how much energy it takes to dig up , and how much energy is required to drive off volatiles , " Sanders said .
Budgetary and scientific uncertainties aside , both Sanders and Ethridge remain confident that extracting water from the moon represents a winning path forNASA .
" I do n't see how it could not be cost - effective to extract water from the moon to refuel space payloads in lunar orbit , " Ethridge noted .
" If we have a lunar outpost with humans , the most logical thing would be having a facility to extract water . "
Such technologies should serve NASA well beyond the moon as well .
Fresh impact craters on Mars have revealed ice beneath the red planet 's surface - a tantalizing hint of what humans hope to find closer to home .
Innovative Chemistry to Play Vital Role in Evolution of CO2 Capture Technology
SOUTH CHARLESTON , W.Va. , Sep. 10 / CSRwire / - Alstom ( Euronext : ALO ) , a world leader in power generation equipment , and The Dow Chemical Company ( NYSE : DOW ) , a leader in innovative chemistry for the development of energy and climate change solutions , today celebrated the successful start - up and operation of a pilot plant to capture carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) from the flue gas of a coal - fired boiler at the Dow - owned facility in South Charleston , West Virginia , USA .
Governor Joe Manchin III and executives from both Alstom and Dow were on hand to dedicate the facility .
The pilot plant uses proprietary advanced - amine technology jointly developed by Alstom and Dow to capture approximately 1,800 metric tons of CO2 per year .
The pilot will operate for the next two years , generating reliable , long - term data that can be used to optimize this technology for implementation at coal - fired power plants across the globe .
In 2008 , the two companies entered into a Joint Development Agreement to develop this technology .
In March 2009 , the companies announced their plans to design and construct the plant .
West Virginia Governor Joe Manchin III said , " This is a good day for West Virginia .
Coal , which represents more than 40 percent of the world 's power generation , is and will continue to be an essential part of the world 's energy mix .
But only by reducing its CO2 output can coal remain a viable source of power generation .
As a state rich in fossil fuels , West Virginia , with the help of Dow and Alstom , is becoming the leader in this revolutionary clean coal technology . "
" As a leader in carbon capture technology , Alstom is excited to take the next step in commercializing an advanced - amine technology , " said Philippe Joubert , Alstom Executive Vice President and President of Alstom Power .
" This pilot plant is designed to evaluate the technology operating under power plant conditions , test proprietary innovations jointly developed by Dow and Alstom and provide data necessary to finalize the design of large - scale demonstration plants that will apply this technology .
Integrating this process with new advanced coal and gas fired power generation equipment will allow customers to minimize CO2 emissions while generating electricity as cost effectively as possible . "
" As a world leader in chemistry , Dow is uniquely positioned to help address the challenges associated with CO2 capture and other energy and climate change issues , " said Heinz Haller , executive vice president of Dow's Performance Products & Systems portfolio .
" We have worked closely with Alstom to develop a system that will make CO2 capture extremely cost effective and reduce the amount of CO2 emitted into the atmosphere . "
About Dow
Dow is a diversified chemical company that combines the power of science and technology with the " Human Element " to constantly improve what is essential to human progress .
The Company delivers a broad range of products and services to customers in approximately 160 countries , connecting chemistry and innovation with the principles of sustainability to help provide everything from fresh water , food and pharmaceuticals to paints , packaging and personal care products .
In 2008 , Dow had annual sales of $ 57.5 billion and employed approximately 46,000 people worldwide .
The Company has 150 manufacturing sites in 35 countries and produces approximately 3,300 products .
On April 1 , 2009 , Dow acquired Rohm and Haas Company , a global specialty materials company with sales of $ 10 billion in 2008 , 98 manufacturing sites in 30 countries and approximately 15,000 employees worldwide .
References to " Dow " or the " Company " mean The Dow Chemical Company and its consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise expressly noted .
The Union Carbide Company is a wholly - owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company .
More information about Dow can be found at www.dow.com.
About Dow Oil & Gas
Dow Oil & Gas serves customers across the global oil and gas industry , addressing changing operations and business needs with a growing range of integrated technology and specialty chemical and material solutions .
Backed by the proven resources of Dow , this growing team of experienced professionals works collaboratively with customers to leverage Dow 's unmatched molecular expertise and global footprint to offer meaningful solutions to today 's oil and gas industry challenges .
More information can be found at www.dowoilandgas.com.
About Alstom
Alstom ( www.alstom.com) is a global leader in the world of power generation and rail infrastructure and sets the benchmark for innovative and environmentally friendly technologies .
Alstom builds the fastest train and the highest capacity automated metro in the world , and provides turnkey integrated power plant solutions , equipment and associated services for a wide variety of energy sources , including hydro , nuclear , gas , coal and wind .
The Group employs more than 81,000 people in 70 countries , and had orders of euro 24.6 billion in 2008 /09 .
Alstom and CCS
Alstom is at the forefront of carbon capture technology development .
In the past few years , Alstom has announced plans to develop ten CO2 capture demonstration projects in seven countries .
To date , Alstom has successfully operated demonstration projects with EPRI and We Energies in Wisconsin , USA , E.ON in Sweden and Vattenfall in Germany .
In addition to the Dow - Alstom project highlighted above , Alstom will be partnering with American Electric Power on a demonstration project in New Haven , WV that will begin operations later this month .
All told , Alstom is mobilizing hundreds of employees and has invested hundreds of millions of dollars in support of its stated goal of making carbon capture technology commercially available within six years .
Posted by DrJeff on September 18th , 2009
Filed under 1.4 . Teachable Moments in the News , 2 . Nature of Exploration , 3 . Science Education , 5 . Space Science , 5.1 . Our Solar System , 5.1.3 .
Planets , 6 . Cool Spacecraft
Copyright 2009 | About this blog
NEWS : For continued coverage of the MESSENGER mission through orbital insertion on March 18 , 2011 , please visit the MESSENGER Updates page on this blog .
Quick Navigation for this BotU Special Post
Click on Main Page to Ensure
You ’re at Special Post , not Blog Home Page
Sub -pages :
1. Schedule for MESSENGER Flyby Events and Web 2.0 Live Coverage
2. Ideas for Lessons in the Classroom , and Educational Resources
for leveraging the live events into a broader science education experience
3 . The Mission Scientists , the Voices of Mission Control , and their Links
4. How to Participate — It ’s Easy even if you have Twitter & Facebook blocked
5. Witness History : See Mercury Before Sunrise !
Sept 29 - Oct 1 , 2009
Photo caption : Part of Mercury ’s never before seen surface , from MESSENGER spacecraft data obtained during the first flyby on January 14 , 2008 .
Read the story behind this image .
You want to see spectacular ?
Click on the image .
Credit : NASA / JHUAPL / Arizona State University , 2008 .
Every so often an upcoming event is compelling enough for me to put up a dedicated Special Post at Blog on the Universe .
A good example is the Apollo 11 40th anniversary .
Given my involvement for the last 10 years with the MESSENGER mission , I decided the upcoming encounter deserved a Special Post .
The goal is to help facilitate public engagement with the event , and point followers of this Blog to the official web sites and relevant resources .
I have also provided my own thoughts on MESSENGER .
This post is a Teachable Moment in the News .
It is a historic mission to another world .
It marks a dramatic end to the human race ’s initial reconnaissance of the eight planets of our Solar System , and the beginning of detailed study of Mercury .
On September 29 , 2009 , at 5:55 pm EDT , the MESSENGER spacecraft will conduct the last of three flybys of the planet .
Each flyby is gravitationally modifying the spacecraft ’s orbit around the Sun to ready it for orbital insertion around Mercury on March 18 , 2011 .
On September 29 through October 1 , live Web 2.0 coverage from mission control at the Applied Physics Laboratory in Columbia , Maryland , will allow teachers , their students , and the public to experience this mission milestone , and through social networks … ACTIVELY PARTICIPATE in this great adventure .
There will be 7 Voices of Mission Control — MESSENGER Educator Fellows and MESSENGER Education Team members — covering the flyby in real time on Twitter and Facebook .
They will be able to interact with all of you through engaging conversations , and will answer your questions .
Four MESSENGER
Mission Scientists will be teaming with the Voices of Mission Control throughout the live coverage .
Our goal is to capture the experiences and excitement of the events as they unfold , and to tell this very human story of exploration .
We want to help inspire the next generation of scientists and engineers , and promote scientists and engineers as heroes and role models to our children .
We want to help teachers engage their students with a behind - the - scenes look at REAL science and engineering , and in this very moment of history .
Inspire … Then Educate : A Broader Commitment to Education
At this Special Post , I ’ve also put together a sub - page that can serve as a one - stop - shop for information on MESSENGER and the science objectives for the flyby , and lists of activities , lessons , and educational resources .
It ’s meant to help you place the live coverage within a broader , richer science education experience that grows from National Science Education Standards , and offers deep curricular connections in the earth and space sciences .
The idea is to inspire … then educate .
The historic event provides the inspiration , and the resources leverage discussions on the nature of exploration , the nature of the Solar System , and MESSENGER and its mission at Mercury .
Is n’t this precisely the curricular landscape in which MESSENGER resides ?
The Mission
On August 3 , 2004 , NASA launched the MESSENGER spacecraft to Mercury , only the second mission to the planet .
Unlike its predecessor Mariner 10 — which in 1974 and 1975 only flew by Mercury — MESSENGER will enter orbit in 2011 and begin a full year of observations .
Mariner 10 only revealed half the planet to us .
MESSENGER ’s first flyby on January 14 , 2008 revealed the side of the world we had never seen .
MESSENGER is changing our view of Mercury — and how our Solar System was born .
There is a wealth of information on the scientific motivation for the mission , the mission design , the suite of instruments , the mission timeline , and a FAQ , at MESSENGER ’s main Johns Hopkins University Site , and the NASA MESSENGER site .
The Team
MESSENGER is an emissary of the human race to an alien world .
It is a NASA Discovery Mission headed by the Carnegie Institution of Washington ( CIW ) and managed by the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory ( APL ) .
But MESSENGER was made possible by ordinary people just like you and me who were children once that dared to dream .
It was taken from idea to reality by a remarkable , inter-organizational team headed by Sean Solomon , Director of CIW ’s Department of Terrestrial Magnetism , and P.D. Bedini as Project Manager at APL .
Sub -teams for engineering , mission operations , science , and the suite of instruments aboard the spacecraft , provide areas of concentration that make a space flight mission happen .
There is also a dedicated team of organizations conducting education and public outreach ( E / PO ) activities in support of the mission — so that the human race can go along for the ride .
The E / PO team is head by Julie Edmonds , Co-Director of the Carnegie Academy for Science Education ( CASE ) .
NCESSE and the Fellows
The National Center for Earth and Space Science Education ( NCESSE ) is one of the MESSENGER E / PO team organizations .
We oversee the MESSENGER Educator Fellowship Program where we recruit , train , and support a corps of 30 of the best science educators in the nation — the MESSENGER Fellows — which in turn trains 3,000 teachers a year on conceptually powerful grade K - 12 compendia of lessons — the MESSENGER Education Modules — addressing Solar System science and engineering .
As of September 18 , 2009 , 14,028 grade K - 12 teachers have been trained at 609 workshops by the Fellows .
It is a remarkable achievement .
I am Center Director for NCESSE , and also direct our E / PO efforts for MESSENGER .
NCESSE ’s Dr. Harri Vanhala superbly manages the Fellowship Program and NCESSE ’s development of new grade 5 - 12 lessons for the MESSENGER Education Modules .
Live Web 2.0 Coverage September 29 through October 1 , 2009
On September 29 , starting at 5:00 pm , about an hour before the Mercury encounter , 7 MESSENGER Fellows and E / PO Team members , including myself , will be covering the flight live on Twitter and Facebook .
Collectively this group will serve as Voices of Mission Control at the Applied Physics Lab .
On September 30 and October 1 we will be working with 4 MESSENGER Mission Scientists , reporting to you live the preliminary results from the data streaming to Earth .
You are invited to be part of the adventure .
… and spread the word to teachers !
Links to Important Sub-pages of this Post
Schedule for M3 ( MESSENGER Flyby # 3 ) Events and Web 2.0 Live Coverage
Ideas for Lessons in the Classroom , and Educational Resources
for leveraging the live events into a broader science education experience
The Mission Scientists , the Voices of Mission Control , and the Social Networking Links
How to Participate — It ’s Easy even if you have Twitter & Facebook blocked
PARTNER WITH US | 61DESIGNSTREET
We are a full - service web design company crafting websites for satisfied clients since 2009 and helping them in becoming a recognized global brands .
61 ’s work ideology is based on the commitment to deliver result - oriented , process driven , personalized service .
Simply put , if you want a partner who cares about your business choose 61 Designstreet .
Most people , I suspect , still have in their minds an image of America as the great land of college education , unique in the extent to which higher learning is offered to the population at large .
That image used to correspond to reality .
But these days young Americans are considerably less likely than young people in many other countries to graduate from college .
In fact , we have a college graduation rate that ’s slightly below the average across all advanced economies .
Image Paul Krugman Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Even without the effects of the current crisis , there would be every reason to expect us to fall further in these rankings , if only because we make it so hard for those with limited financial means to stay in school .
In America , with its weak social safety net and limited student aid , students are far more likely than their counterparts in , say , France to hold part - time jobs while still attending classes .
Not surprisingly , given the financial pressures , young Americans are also less likely to stay in school and more likely to become full - time workers instead .
But the crisis has placed huge additional stress on our creaking educational system .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , the United States economy lost 273,000 jobs last month .
Of those lost jobs , 29,000 were in state and local education , bringing the total losses in that category over the past five months to 143,000 .
That may not sound like much , but education is one of those areas that should , and normally does , keep growing even during a recession .
Markets may be troubled , but that ’s no reason to stop teaching our children .
Yet that ’s exactly what we ’re doing .
There ’s no mystery about what ’s going on : education is mainly the responsibility of state and local governments , which are in dire fiscal straits .
Adequate federal aid could have made a big difference .
But while some aid has been provided , it has made up only a fraction of the shortfall .
In part , that ’s because back in February centrist senators insisted on stripping much of that aid from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , a k a the stimulus bill .
After the recent post written just a day after the announcement of water on the Moon and why this is a game changer I decided it would be a good idea to write another more structured post laying out in simple terms why we now need to focus entirely on the Moon and forget about Mars for the time being .
Here are ten simply reasons why it 's time to turn our attention entirely to settling on the Moon and put Mars on the back burner for now .
Water
In spite of the recent discovery of water all over the surface of the Moon one can find comments to the effect of " eh , it 's still drier than the Sahara so what 's the big deal ? " .
Well , the big deal is that even this soil that is drier than the Sahara now means that we will be able to extract water from the soil that we had assumed we would have to take from Earth before .
There is likely water in the shadowed craters in the polar regions , but being able to extract water from the top 2 mm of soil is a process that can be carried out anywhere .
Also , it costs $ 10,000 to send a kg of payload to low Earth orbit , and to the Moon ( if I remember correctly ) it would cost around $ 200,000 per kg .
In other words , just 5 litres of water created on the Moon saves us $ 1 million that would otherwise have to be spent sending the water from Earth .
The Apollo Lunar Module had 2,353 kg of propellant for the ascent stage , all of which was made and shipped from Earth .
Being able to make this fuel on the surface of the Moon instead ( simply by turning the water gathered into hydrogen and oxygen ) would have resulted in $ 470 million that would n't have to be spent .
Gravity
The Moon 's gravity is 16 % that of the Earth , Mars 38 % that of the Earth .
Given that the human body begins to atrophy after long periods of time spent in zero gravity Mars advocates often state that Mars should be the preferred destination for long - term colonization , but this is neglecting two important points :
1 ) We have a great deal of experience with microgravity ( 0g ) , but no experience whatsoever as of yet with low gravity ( 0.16g and others ) .
So far the record number of days spent in orbit around Earth is 437 days , so we know that even with no gravity whatsoever we can send people up into space for periods of time greater than a year .
Also note that muscle atrophy is reduced by regular exercise , but exercise still needs to be a conscious effort .
Low gravity , on the other hand , works on the body 24 hours a day .
2 ) One - way travel to Mars takes around six months .
Add another six months back and any astronaut going to Mars is going to have to experience at least a year of zero g in addition to the lower gravity on the planet itself .
Even if low gravity turns out to be a fatal flaw , those on the Moon can return to the Earth within three days to return to normal gravity again .
International cooperation
One of the strongest arguments for going to the Moon instead of Mars is the fact that even before the discovery of water we have had a great deal of international cooperation , with probes from Japan , India , and China in addition to the US .
Eight more lunar missions are slated to happen within the next four years , compared with only three to five for Mars .
When a mission to the Moon is delayed the delay is only the length of the time it takes to compensate for the delay , whereas with Mars a delay means a wait of 2.5 years until the next launch window .
This has caused the Mars Science Laboratory and Phobos - Grunt missions to be delayed to 2011 from the original 2009 planned launch .
In short , emerging spacefaring nations can aid in understanding and exploring the Moon .
With Mars most cannot .
Proximity
In addition to the short 3 - day travel time to the Moon , it is also close enough that near real - time communication between those on Earth and the Moon can take place .
If you 've ever watched communication between astronauts in space and mission control on the ground you know how important this can be , as astronauts converse continually with mission control in order to carry out their mission objectives as precisely as possible .
Astronauts on Mars would more or less be on their own in this type of situation , and would have to wait at least 10 minutes after sending a message for it to be returned .
This distance also means that robotic probes move about quite slowly on Mars , as those on the surface send it a message , wait for it to carry it out , discuss the next move , send the next message , and end up only being able to carry out a few maneuvers each day .
A rover on the Moon can accomplish much more due to those on Earth being able to see the results of their commands within seconds instead of minutes .
Electricity
The Moon has days and nights of 14 days in length each , but luckily it also has a few peaks of near eternal light where electricity can be gathered up to 89 % of the time .
Mars has weaker sunlight , no peaks of near eternal light , seasonal variation ( less sunlight during the Winter ) , and sometimes dust storms that block a lot of the light from the sky .
The rovers currently on the surface of Mars have been forced to stay still to conserve energy during these dust storms , and the image on the right shows just how large they can be , sometimes covering an entire hemisphere .
Private industry
The Moon is the only location where private industry may be able to cooperate alongside with government - run space programs .
A private company could in theory set up shop on the Moon right now , gather a few thousand tons of water , collect it on the surface and then sell this water to NASA .
Virgin Galactic eventually intends to send people not just on suborbital flights but also to LEO and later on to trips that go around the Moon and back .
And even Google is involved in going to the Moon , with a $ 30 million prize known as the Google Lunar X Prize .
As is the case with new spacefaring nations , private industry is also just reaching the point where it can aid us in colonizing the Moon , but Mars is beyond their ability .
Inspiration and psychological factors
The Moon can be seen in the sky just about every day , and when a colony is built there anyone on Earth will be able to look up and reflect on the fact that we do n't just live on Earth but up there as well .
Eventually colonies may be able to be seen with telescopes and binoculars as well .
Those on the Moon as well will always have the comfort of the Earth in the sky , and let 's not forget that we still know nothing about the psychological impact of being away from one 's planet for any length of time .
Mars , on the other hand , is a dot in the sky that cannot always be seen and most cannot even identify .
Those on the surface of Mars would also see the Earth as just a dot in the sky .
Landing on the surface
One point not often brought up is that landing sufficiently large payloads on the surface of Mars is actually beyond our capability .
The problem with Mars is that there is too little atmosphere to land like we do on Earth where the atmosphere slows one 's fall until a parachute can be used , but too much to enable us to land using rockets alone .
Taking off from the surface
Delta-v from Earth to low Earth orbit is 9.3- 10 km /s , from Mars to low Mars orbit is 4.1 km/s , and from the Moon to low Moon orbit is a mere 1.6 km / s .
Add to that the lack of an atmosphere and the Moon is an ideal location from which to build and send probes to other parts of the Solar System .
Astronomy
Given the lack of an atmosphere the Moon is an ideal location for certain types of astronomy .
A liquid telescope could even be built on the Moon ( gravity + no wind makes this possible ) in addition to more conventional telescopes and telescopes on the far side of the Moon that would benefit not only from the lack of an atmosphere but also the shielding provided from Earth 's noisy radio signals .
The 14 day night also gives an opportunity to observe over a very long term , something that just is n't possible on planets like Earth and Mars .
Even the Hubble Space Telescope does n't have this advantage as it is continuously moving from day to night in its orbit around the Earth .
---
Also , for those that missed it here is the press conference giving the details of the water discovered on the Moon .
The human brain is made up of 100 billion neurons — live wires that must be kept in delicate balance to stabilize the world ’s most magnificent computing organ .
Too much excitement and the network will slip into an apoplectic , uncomprehending chaos .
Too much inhibition and it will flatline .
A new mathematical model describes how the trillions of interconnections among neurons could maintain a stable but dynamic relationship that leaves the brain sensitive enough to respond to stimulation without veering into a blind seizure .
Marcelo O. Magnasco , head of the Laboratory of Mathematical Physics at The Rockefeller University , and his colleagues developed the model to address how such a massively complex and responsive network such as the brain can balance the opposing forces of excitation and inhibition .
His model ’s key assumption : Neurons function together in localized groups to preserve stability .
“ The defining characteristic of our system is that the unit of behavior is not the individual neuron or a local neural circuit but rather groups of neurons that can oscillate in synchrony , ” Magnasco says .
“ The result is that the system is much more tolerant to faults : Individual neurons may or may not fire , individual connections may or may not transmit information to the next neuron , but the system keeps going . ”
Magnasco ’s model differs from traditional models of neural networks , which assume that each time a neuron fires and stimulates an adjoining neuron , the strength of the connection between the two increases .
This is called the Hebbian theory of synaptic plasticity and is the classical model for learning .
“ But our system is anti-Hebbian , ” Magnasco says .
“ If the connections among any groups of neurons are strongly oscillating together , they are weakened because they threaten homeostasis .
Instead of trying to learn , our neurons are trying to forget . ”
One advantage of this anti-Hebbian model is that it balances a network with a much larger number of degrees of freedom than classical models can accommodate , a flexibility that is likely required by a computer as complex as the brain .
In work published this summer in Physical Review Letters , Magnasco theorizes that the connections that balance excitation and inhibition are continually flirting with instability .
He likens the behavior to an indefinitely large number of public address systems tweaked to that critical point at which a flick of the microphone brings on a screech of feedback that then fades to quiet with time .
This model of a balanced neural network is abstract — it does not try to recreate any specific neural function such as learning .
But it requires only half of the network connections to establish the homeostatic balance of exhibition and inhibition crucial to all other brain activity .
The other half of the network could be used for other functions that may be compatible with more traditional models of neural networks , including Hebbian learning , Magnasco says .
Developing a systematic theory of how neurons communicate could provide a key to some of the basic questions that researchers are exploring through experiments , Magnasco hopes .
“ We ’re trying to reverse - engineer the brain and clearly there are some concepts we ’re missing , ” he says .
“ This model could be one part of a better understanding .
It has a large number of interesting properties that make it a suitable substrate for a large - scale computing device . ”
In the wake of a lawsuit alleging " systemic , gender - based discrimination , " one of the country 's biggest law firms is being forced next week to reveal top - secret data on the way it compensates and promotes lawyers .
McCarthy Tétrault LLP must also release an internal report on the status of women at the firm prepared by Catalyst Inc. , well - known consultants on gender issues in the workplace .
It 's believed to be the first time that a major Canadian law firm has been ordered to reveal such normally confidential information related to gender , one reason the case is attracting international attention in legal circles .
The Superior Court of Ontario has ordered McCarthys to provide that information as a result of a $ 12 million lawsuit filed by a former McCarthys partner , Diane LaCalamita .
McCarthys , which " vigorously denies " that LaCalamita was a victim of any workplace discrimination , has until Sept. 7 to comply .
" I 'd like to stress that this is not about McCarthys , per se , " says LaCalamita 's lawyer , Malcolm MacKillop , a partner at Shields O'Donnell MacKillop LLP .
" It 's a much broader issue . "
While the legal profession has been historically dominated by men , more than half of all law school graduates are now women , he notes .
" It 's a significant issue for Canadian law firms . "
Last year , in a bid to stop the exodus of women from the legal profession , the Law Society of Upper Canada launched its Justicia Project .
It entails , among other things , encouraging Ontario 's biggest law firms to develop parental leaves and flexible schedules to allow female associates to attend to their families without thwarting their chances of becoming partners .
Annual billing quotas common at law firms are seen as another obstacle to the progress of female lawyers who have families .
The LaCalamita narrative , according to her allegations , is all about a woman who is lured to a major firm with promises of a bright future , only to be pushed aside and eventually terminated by a firm " plagued by systemic gender - based discrimination . "
LaCalamita , who was called to the bar in 1992 , says she was recruited by McCarthys from rival Aird & Berlis LLP in 2003 to help create a group within the firm specializing in the legal issues of intellectual property .
She claims she was offered a partnership that would give her a share of the firm 's ownership and / or a share of its income .
But LaCalamita alleges that McCarthys and some of its partners " marginalized and isolated " her , excluding her from " senior level work " that would have been appropriate for someone who , like her , had been practising for more than a decade .
Nor was she made a full - equity partner in the firm .
LaCalamita was terminated in 2006 and has n't worked as a lawyer since .
In its statement of defence , McCarthys says LaCalamita " was unable to meet the standards expected of senior lawyers practising litigation with the Firm . "
Among other things , McCarthys claims that LaCalamita " displayed poor judgement as a litigator , " was " unable to meet deadlines " and did n't fulfill expectations for billable hours .
" As there was no reasonable prospect of finding an alternative role within the Firm that was acceptable to both her and the Firm , and for no other reason , her employment was terminated . "
McCarthys also denies that LaCalamita was offered a simplified path to equity partnership .
Under two court orders issued earlier this year , McCarthys must provide LaCalamita 's legal counsel with a variety of confidential information about how lawyers were compensated and promoted between 2003 and 2006 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
While McCarthys must reveal the data , the court has insisted that names and any information identifying clients or individual lawyers at the firm be removed .
MacKillop may also seek additional information on sexual harassment complaints as well as requests for pregnancy and maternity leave .
So far , however , no formal request for more information has been initiated , notes Terrence O'Sullivan , a partner at Lax O'Sullivan Scott LLP , representing McCarthys .
" We 'll see what their reaction is to the material we deliver . "
None of the internal data would become public until raised during the trial , set to begin within the next 12 to 18 months .
In her statement of claim , LaCalamita alleges that after she joined McCarthys , four men were hired to the intellectual property unit , three of them as full - equity partners .
Two of the new partners had been practising for the same number of years as LaCalamita or less , she alleges .
In addition , one of the two was being paid 90 - 120 per cent more than LaCalamita , while the other was earning 50 - 70 per cent more .
LaCalamita alleges McCarthys used " discrimination to keep women in salaried non-equity positions . "
In 2004 , McCarthys hired Catalyst to conduct a review of the hiring and advancement of women at the firm .
That report , according to LaCalamita 's statement of claim , notes that while women make up one - third of the lawyer ranks at McCarthys , they comprise less than one - fifth of the equity partners .
Catalyst also found that , between 1999 and 2003 , men advanced from being income partners to ownership partners at twice the rate of women .
According to LaCalamita 's statement , Catalyst concluded that " broad and systemic cultural change " was needed at McCarthys to improve " the environment for and career dynamics of women at the Firm . "
In its statement of defence , however , McCarthys points to that report as evidence of its " efforts to retain and promote talented lawyers , not evidence that it discriminates against them . "
( CNN ) -- Religious groups in favor of health care reform have launched a national campaign to offset the loud opposition to President Obama 's plan to overhaul the nation 's health care system , organizers announced .
Health care reform opponents have confronted lawmakers at town halls , including this one in Tampa , Florida .
" This is as much a crisis of faith as it is a crisis of health care , " said the Rev. John Hay Jr. , an Indianapolis , Indiana , evangelical leader .
" We just believe there is a better way . "
He and others spoke in a telephone news conference Monday announcing the campaign .
" As a pastor , I believe access to health care is a profoundly moral issue , " said the Rev. Stevie Wakes of Olivet Institutional Baptist Church in Kansas City , Kansas .
The campaign , called " 40 days for Health Reform , " includes a national television advertisement , a " sermon weekend , " prayer meetings and a nationwide call - in with Obama on August 19 , organizers said .
Prayer meetings emphasizing health care as a moral issue were taking place Tuesday in 45 cities across 18 states , organizers said .
They expected about 4,000 people to participate .
" Healing and health are fundamental religious issues , " said the Rev. Jim Wallis of Sojourners , one of the sponsors of the campaign along with PICO National Network , Faith in Public Life , Faithful America and Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good .
Wallis stressed that participants in the campaign are not going to weigh in on particular policy questions .
" It is n't political in a partisan way , " he said .
" This is a fundamental moral issue .
...
You 're going to hear the moral drumbeat of the faith community . "
Rabbi David Saperstein of the Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism , who also spoke on the conference call , said the current system " does n't work for everyone . "
Other groups , such as the Christian Coalition of America and the Family Research Council , are strongly opposed to Democratic proposals to overhaul the health care system , saying , among other things , that they would lead to government - funded abortion .
" We do n't want abortion to enter this debate and sabotage health care reform , " Wallis said .
He noted the legislation now being discussed on Capitol Hill is far from a final version .
Opponents of health care reform proposals have confronted U.S. lawmakers at town hall meetings in recent days , drawing heavy media attention with their boisterous protests .
All About Health Care Policy • Health Care Issues • Health Care Costs
All of these conversations I ’ve been having online ( as opposed to the dramatic monologues here ) have had me thinking about the nature of online discussion , and confronting my own behaviour in them .
What are you like when you ’re deep into an argument online ?
I have two sides : the one which you can see with my postings , which are long , mostly fiercely polite , quasi- grammatical , and , if I may say so , devastatingly reasoned .
You have to imagine me writing these , though , pacing around madly in my bedroom , muttering little speeches to myself and visualizing the horrible death of my correspondent in a hail of unavoidable saucepans .
Also I drool , but only a little bit , and only from the mouth .
Is everyone like this ?
I do n’t know , because people do n’t like to talk about it .
Recently , I ’ve been looking at how people manage their own emotions when discussing online .
It ’s complicated , because the unwritten rules of much online discussion is that “ if you emote , you lose ” , and others that “ if you emote , you win ” .
Either way , bringing emotions into it changes the game .
But what the hell does winning and losing mean ?
People talk about the disrespect and ferocity of online flame wars .
I think it ’s about audience .
I think the novel nature of online discussions is that you have a passive , silent audience out there .
I think that ’s far significant than all that talk of anonymity , or the death of civilized discourse .
The closest equivalent to Internet discussion forums for me when I was young was Paddy , who I lived with .
Paddy was a man who could argue for hours without coming up for breath .
You ’d say your triumphant logicbuster , and magically by the time you ’d finished , he ’d already have ( verbally ) posted a five page reply up in your face .
I remember one night when I got so mad with him for his relentless logical verbal one - upping that the only snappy come - back I could devise with was to quietly leave the room , go upstairs to the bathroom , spray my entire face with shaving foam so I looked like a giant Michelin head , and then creep up behind him and go “ ARRGH ! ” .
I hold that I won that argument squarely and fairly .
( You occasionally see this rhetorical device at Prime Minister ’s Question Time . )
Anyway , what was annoying with Paddy , as I finally got him to admit one day , was that he was n’t trying to convince you he was right : he was trying to convince a mysterious third - party .
There was no third - party in our arguments .
When we got started both of us could empty a room faster than karoake - ing opera singer .
But on the public Internets , you ’ve always got an eye to the third - party .
Every talk you see online has an imaginary crowd around it , imaginarily clapping or stomping .
Either way , you ca n’t just communicate these side - line emotions with the person you ’re talking to , except by stumbling off into private email .
Which is usually about as calming as going outside the bar for the fight .
Actually , private email is n’t even private , because there is always this sense it will be magically reforwarded into the public view , exposing your vulnerability to the same audience .
Every discussion is a group monkey dance .
If she could do it herself , Terri -Jean Bedford would strike down Canada 's prostitution laws , perhaps using the riding crop she plans to bring to court .
Instead , the Toronto dominatrix and two other sex workers have launched a sweeping constitutional challenge to the legislation , arguing it perpetuates violence against women .
The landmark case gets underway Tuesday in a University Ave. courtroom where Bedford , in a nod to traditionalism , is promising to arrive conservatively attired , even if she is packing a tool of her trade .
" You never know when you might run across a naughty boy , or a naughty judge , " she teased in an interview .
The 49 - year - old Toronto grandmother , along with prostitutes Valerie Scott , 51 , and Amy Lebovitch , 30 , is asking Ontario 's Superior Court of Justice to invalidate Criminal Code provisions that serve as Canada 's policy response to the world 's oldest profession .
They argue that prohibitions on keeping a common bawdy house , communicating for the purposes of prostitution and living on the avails of the trade force them from the safety of their homes to the insecurity of the street , where they are exposed to physical and psychological violence .
But the women are battling a fortress of opposition from the federal government , as well as religious and conservative groups intervening in the case .
The intervenors contend that loosening restrictions on the sex trade would be out of step with Canadian moral values .
The federal government , meanwhile , argues that prostitution is inherently dangerous , regardless of where it is practised .
As part of their case , lawyers for the Attorney General of Canada are also relying on affidavits from police experts , who predict Canada will become a " sex tourism " destination if prostitution - related offences are decriminalized .
Prostitution itself is not illegal in Canada , but almost everything associated with it is , a situation that one judge of the Supreme Court of Canada once acknowledged as " bizarre . "
It 's the first time in a generation the legislation has been attacked .
" The one thing I can tell you from looking at this , both as an academic and as a person constructing a case , is that we have not had a really rational discourse on this topic because political ideology , emotional reactions and stereotypical thinking have dominated , " said Alan Young , an Osgoode Hall Law School professor who is Bedford 's lawyer .
Despite her propensity for playful banter , Bedford , who grew up in Collingwood , takes the issues seriously .
She still bears scars from being hit on the head with a baseball bat by a customer during her street - hustling days .
Statistics Canada has categorized the sex trade as an " at risk " occupation , in the same league as police work and taxi driving .
Since 1991 , 73 prostitutes have been recorded as having been killed while working .
In affidavits filed with the court , Bedford , Scott and Lebovitch say they can minimize the danger by taking their business inside , where they can employ safety measures such as the use of security guards and monitoring devices .
But if they do so routinely , they risk criminal prosecution for operating what amounts to a brothel .
Bedford 's " Bondage Bungalow " in Thornhill was raided by police in 1994 and she was convicted of keeping a common bawdy house in 1998 .
The women are asking the court to declare legal restrictions on their activities a violation of their rights to security of the person and freedom of expression under the Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
A somewhat narrower legal challenge to prostitution laws came before the Supreme Court of Canada in 1990 .
The court dismissed a challenge to the bawdy house provision and ruled the " communications " prohibition was a justifiable limit on freedom of expression , since it is meant to discourage the nuisances of street prostitution and related activities , such as drug trafficking .
But Bedford , Scott and Lebovitch argue that evidence never considered by the Supreme Court , including the work of a 2006 Parliamentary committee , shows the law has done little more than shift prostitution from one neighbourhood to another , in response to police sweeps .
In recent years , the industry has been transformed , with technologies such as cellphones and Craigslist leading to a massive increase in indoor prostitution , Crown counsel Michael Morris and a team of federal lawyers note in their material .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
But there is no sharp dividing line between indoor and outdoor work because many prostitutes move between venues , they contend .
Most charges , they say , are laid in connection with street soliciting .
Over a one - year period ending in March 2006 , there were 659 convictions in Canada for communicating for the purposes of prostitution , but just 114 bawdy house convictions and 14 convictions for living on the avails of prostitution , an offence meant to target pimps .
Evidence in the case is expected to consist almost entirely of affidavits from 56 individuals , including sex workers , academics , police officers and NDP MP Libby Davies ( Vancouver East ) , whose riding includes the Lower East Side .
Lancaster , Calif .
EVERY weekday morning the prison ’s not on lockdown , the yard holds its collective breath waiting for the pale - orange package cart to appear through multiple layers of chain - link and razor - wire fences .
For most prisoners , this lumbering vessel is their only tangible , physical connection back to the free world .
The last couple of years the cart has arrived less often and with visibly lighter loads .
We get broadcast television , so the state of the economy outside is no secret .
Our families and friends tend to come from the segments of society that are the worst off in the best of times , and worse off still in times like these .
Our mothers and fathers , wives and children , those to whom the ties that bind have n’t been unbound by the course of our lives , tell us how hard it is out there .
The first inkling of financial difficulties in here surfaced in the chow hall .
All of a sudden prison officials became concerned about our overeating .
In the last couple of years , our brown plastic trays have started to look and feel a lot emptier .
Even the old staples , beans and rice , shrank into bite - sized portions .
Luxury items like frosted cake and meat cut from the carcass of a once - living thing vanished .
The new menus , chock full of potatoes and meat substitutes , seem right out of a Spartan ’s cookbook .
Prison is a world reflected in a looking glass , however .
The past 25 years were generally prosperous for California ; the economy boomed and fortunes were made in the sunny San Fernando Valley .
But during this time , the lives of prisoners became much drearier .
We were forced into demeaning uniforms , with neon orange letters spelling out “ prisoner , ” and lost most of the positive programs like conjugal visits and college education that we had had since the ’70s .
Money was flowing outside the prison walls , but new “ get tough ” policies against criminals were causing our population , and our costs , to soar .
I ’m really taken with a video released on YouTube last week .
It ’s an Auto - Tune , which is the name given to soundtracks that use the audio plug - in of the same name .
Auto - Tune was designed to correct the pitch of vocals , but clever music creators realized they could use it to make spoken word recordings musical .
This is a fantastic example of the genre .
It ’s not just fantastic because it ’s a clever use of Auto - Tune ; I ’ve seen that and it ’s fun , but it ’s not amazing .
But in this video , John Boswell not only put some spoken word to music with compelling visuals , but he also managed to distill the essence of what Carl Sagan was saying with his groundbreaking 1980 13 - hour TV series , Cosmos : A Personal Voyage .
( It also features a brief interlude of words from physicist Stephen Hawking . )
The Message
I ’ve been asked to explain what it is that Sagan is saying here — not everyone “ gets it ” from the “ music video . ”
The distilled message is this : Earth is just a tiny portion of a vast cosmos ( “ The surface of the earth is the shore of the cosmic ocean ” ) , which is so huge and complex that it truly boggles the human imagination ( various examples given ) .
The only way for humanity to expand is outward — off the planet ( “ The sky calls to us ” ) , and we ’re just starting the baby steps of looking out there ( “ How lucky we are to live in this time / The first moment in human history /
When we are in fact visiting other worlds ” and “ Recently we ’ve waded a little way out / And the water seems inviting ” ) .
But we ’re at a dangerous time in our history because we have developed the tools to destroy the earth , but not the wisdom to ensure we do n’t ( “ If we do not destroy ourselves / We will one day venture to the stars ) .
In summary , “ I believe our future depends powerfully / On how well we understand this cosmos . ”
I know not everyone will like the Auto - Tune effect , and it starts out a bit weird , but it ’s only three and a half minutes , so stick with it : it ’s worth it .
I recommend you play it twice : once to watch it , and then again while reading along with the lyrics , which are below .
Sagan died in 1996 from myelodysplastic syndrome .
He was 62 .
The Lyrics
[ Sagan ]
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch
You must first invent the universe
Space is filled with a network of wormholes
You might emerge somewhere else in space
Some when - else in time
The sky calls to us
If we do not destroy ourselves
We will one day
Venture to the stars
A still more glorious dawn awaits
Not a sunrise , but a galaxy rise
A morning filled with 400 billion suns
The rising of the milky way
The cosmos is full beyond measure
Of elegant truths
Of exquisite interrelationships
Of the awesome machinery of nature
I believe our future depends powerfully
On how well we understand this cosmos
In which we float like a mote of dust
In the morning sky
But the brain does much more than just recollect
It inter-compares , it synthesizes , analyzes
it generates abstractions
The simplest thought like the concept of the number one
Has an elaborate logical underpinning
The brain has its own language
For testing the structure and consistency of the world
[ chorus ] [ Hawking ]
For thousands of years
People have wondered about the universe
Did it stretch out forever
Or was there a limit
From the big bang to black holes
From dark matter to a possible big crunch
Our image of the universe today
Is full of strange sounding ideas
[ Sagan ]
How lucky we are to live in this time
The first moment in human history
When we are in fact visiting other worlds
[ chorus ]
The surface of the earth is the shore of the cosmic ocean
Recently we ’ve waded a little way out
And the water seems inviting
– – –
Update
This became a series called Symphony of Science , which is worth perusing to see subsequent videos .
- - -
This page is an example of Randy Cassingham ’s style of “ Thought - Provoking Entertainment ” .
His
This is
True is an email newsletter that uses “ weird news ” as a vehicle to explore the human condition in an entertaining way .
If that sounds good , click here to open a subscribe form .
To really support
This is True , you ’re invited to sign up for a subscription to the much - expanded “ Premium ” edition :
One Year Upgrade Regular Price $ 32.00 USD With $ 5 Extra Support Added $ 37.00 USD With $ 10 Extra Support Added $ 42.00 USD With $ 15 Extra Support Added $ 47.00 USD With $ 20 Extra Support Added $ 52.00 USD With $ 25 Extra Support Added $ 57.00 USD With $ 30 Extra Support Added $ 62.00 USD With $ 35 Extra Support Added $ 67.00 USD With $ 40 Extra Support Added $ 72.00 USD
( More upgrade options here . )
Q : Why would I want to pay more than the regular rate ?
A : To support the publication to help it thrive and stay online : this kind of support means less future need for price increases ( and smaller increases when they do happen ) , which enables more people to upgrade .
This option was requested by existing Premium subscribers .
PITTSBURGH  Several thousand demonstrators espousing and denouncing a host of causes converged on downtown Pittsburgh on Friday , chanting , pumping up signs and playing instruments in a peaceful and permitted march calling for solutions to a range of problems that they attributed to the economic policies of the world leaders at the Group of 20 meeting .
Protesters with Iraq Veterans Against the War , wearing fatigues , marched alongside Tibetans chiming cymbals , chanting denunciations of China and waving signs , like one that read “ G20 Let ’s Talk Tibet . ”
Students for Justice in Palestine assembled on Forbes Avenue and called for an end to “ the Israeli occupation . ”
Others held up signs like “ We Say No To Corporate Greed , ” and “ We say yes to human needs . ”
One group held aloft with bamboo poles a giant fabric replica of a dove .
A marching band with a French horn , several snare drums and a trombone played amid a sea of black , American and Palestinian flags .
Image
There was a heavy police presence downtown as the march wound through the planned route .
Credit ... Damon Winter / The New York Times
The People ’s March , as it was called , was sponsored by the Thomas Merton Center , a Pittsburgh peace organization .
It came a day after raucous confrontations between the police and protesters resulted in 66 arrests .
At least five people needed medical attention , and about 19 businesses sustained damage .
One of the most exciting way to enjoy travelling could be discover the local music .
The importance of music is more and more appreciated as the key to seize on the culture , the customs , or the ethnic roots of people .
Nowadays the Net opens its doors to millions of ethnic musics , until now confined and hidden , and we are literally overwhelmed by a wide range of music styles , instruments and cultures .
A brazilian kid living in the popular and boisterous old town of Rio de Janeiro takes a moment to turn an upside down pot into a drum and start striking it in a samba rhythm .
A westerner in the middle of the Algerian desert knows nothing of the Tuareg ’s melodies , but he will “ feel ” them letting himself go .
The pings of the percussion instruments in Bukittinggi , one of the larger cities in West Sumatra , Indonesia , leave the tourists astonished at first sight , but in a while they ’re completely involved in the dances .
So let ’s start travelling and discovering the world to the sound of music !
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
McLaren is not interested in being part of a bidding war for any driver over the winter , according to Mercedes - Benz motorsport boss Norbert Haug .
Several high - profile drivers have been linked to the seat alongside Lewis Hamilton at the team next year , including Kimi Raikkonen , Nico Rosberg and even world champion Jenson Button .
But with teams like Toyota also understood to be chasing a top - line driver for its 2010 line - up , Haug says that McLaren will not consider any driver that is more interested in a big - money deal than race - winning car .
" Kimi is an option , but there are lots of options around , " Haug told AUTOSPORT .
" One thing is for sure though - guys who are out for money are not the right ones for us - whoever it may be .
" I wo n't name anyone , but we want to have full commitment from someone who is success - oriented , not someone saying ' I am a big name , pay me a lot of money and I will drive for you . '
" The team has to be convinced that a driver is hungry , motivated , focused , and that his first thought is not to get more money . "
Haug believes that McLaren 's form in the second half of the season proves that it will be a regular contender for wins again next year .
" We have shown our level of competitiveness - Lewis has scored race wins and podiums , and beaten the guys that have been going for the title this year , " he added .
" It shows that we are going in the right direction .
We have stabilised this year , and we have a seat to offer in a race - winning car .
There are probably three , four , five teams maximum that can offer that . "
While a large number of Los Angeles - area music fans dealt with the frustrations of the shuttered Hard Summer event at the Forum , our Chicago friends had a bounty of music this weekend .
Lollapalooza , aside from scorching heat and a bit of rain , appears to have gone relatively smoothly , and Greg Kot 's Turn
It Up blog offers detailed day - by - day takes of what went down .
Sets from Bat for Lashes , Lou Reed , Dhani Harrison 's newno2 , the Gaslight Anthem and Chicago newcomers He Say , She Say sound like they were more than worth braving the air - conditioned buses and crowds of 70,000 or more .
But Lolla was just one of Chicago 's main events this weekend .
Later ,
Them Crooked Vultures was unveiled at Wrigleyville club Metro , featuring Led Zeppelin's John Paul Jones on bass / keyboard , Foo Fighter Dave Grohl on drums and Josh Homme from Queens of the Stone Age on guitar / lead vocals .
Little was known heading in , but Kot was at the post - Lollapalooza show late Sunday / early Monday , and the news sounds good .
Kot wrote :
A skeleton , found at one of the most important , but least understood , Roman sites in Britain is puzzling experts from The University of Nottingham .
Dr Will Bowden from the Department of Archaeology , who is leading excavations at the buried town of Venta Icenorum at Caistor St Edmund in Norfolk , said the burial was highly unusual : “ This is an abnormal burial .
The body , which is probably male , was placed in a shallow pit on its side , as opposed to being laid out properly .
This is not the care Romans normally accorded to their dead .
It could be that the person was murdered or executed although this is still a matter of speculation . ”
The skeleton has been removed for further investigation .
Dr Bowden said : “ It is an exciting find and once we have cleaned the bones they will undergo a full examination and a range of scientific tests to try and find out how this individual died . ”
The Caistor excavations , sponsored by the Foyle Foundation , May Gurney , the Roman Research Trust and South Norfolk Council , have also found evidence of Iron Age as well as early prehistoric occupation some 10,000 years BC .
Dr Bowden said : “ These excavations have added an enormous amount to what we knew before .
There are flints so sharp you could still shave with them – they are so fresh they have barely moved in all that time . ”
Excavations were first carried out at Caistor St Edmund in 1929 after aerial photographs picked out the site in the parched fields following an exceptionally dry summer .
Dr Bowden ’s work began two years ago .
Using the latest technology the team revealed the plan of the buried town at an extraordinary level of detail never been seen before .
The high - resolution geophysical survey used a Caesium Vapour magnetometer to map buried remains across the entire walled area of the Roman town .
Dr Bowden worked with Dr David Bescoby and Dr Neil Chroston of the University of East Anglia on the new survey , sponsored by the British Academy .
Around 30 local volunteer members of the Caistor Roman Town Project also assisted .
The survey produced the clearest plan of the town yet - confirming the street plan ( shown by previous aerial photographs ) , the town ’s water supply system ( detecting the iron collars connecting wooden water pipes ) , and the series of public buildings including the baths , temples and forum , known from earlier excavations .
Caistor lies in the territory of the Iceni , the tribe of Boudica who famously rebelled against Roman rule in AD 60/61 .
The survey revealed numerous circular features that apparently predate the Roman town .
These are probably of prehistoric date , and suggest that Caistor was the site of a large settlement before the Roman town was built .
This had always been suspected because of numerous chance finds of late Iron Age coins and metalwork , but until the survey was carried out there had never been any evidence of buildings .
This summer archaeologists returned to start excavating the site .
Dr Bowden said : “ To have the opportunity to excavate here is the chance of a lifetime . ”
In 1973 , Robert Randall was going blind from glaucoma when he discovered that smoking marijuana seemed to help his condition .
That did n't matter to police when they found the Washington , D.C. , resident growing cannabis and arrested him .
Preferring to keep his sight , Randall sued the federal government , arguing that he was entitled to smoke pot as a " medical necessity . "
It was a far - fetched argument — but it worked .
In 1976 , a court ruled in Randall 's favor .
Before long , the federal government found itself in the strange position of supplying marijuana to him and a handful of other patients under a " compassionate use " program .
The compassion did n't go very far .
The first President Bush stopped the acceptance of new patients into the program in 1992 rather than admit all those annoying AIDS victims , insisting that it sent a dangerous message to young people .
The real danger , of course , was the message that government policy on cannabis was ignorant and irrational .
But since then , one president and one drug czar after another has furiously resisted efforts to allow therapeutic use of the drug no matter how helpful it may be to the sick and dying .
Until now .
This week , the Justice Department kept a promise made by candidate Barack Obama when it announced that henceforth , " it will not be a priority to use federal resources to prosecute patients with serious illnesses or their caregivers who are complying with state laws on medical marijuana . "
The change is not only historic but humane and intelligent , two adjectives rarely applied to federal drug policy .
Science has established that cannabis has useful properties for the treatment of various diseases , countless physicians have endorsed it , and 14 states have allowed sick people access to marijuana .
But for three decades , the people in charge of drug policy in the federal government did n't give a rat 's bottom .
In 1996 , after California voters approved a medical marijuana law , the Clinton administration fought it every step of the way — filing lawsuits to close cannabis buyers clubs , threatening to strip the licenses of doctors who recommended marijuana to patients , and denouncing the entire program as " a Cheech and Chong show . "
The Bush administration stuck to the same course .
It raided California dispensaries and went all the way to the Supreme Court in a successful effort to crush the notion — the conservative notion , come to think of it — that states should have the power to set their own policy on pot .
But before long , the idea had caught on not just in hippy - dippy California but in less fashionable places like Alaska , Maine , Michigan , and Montana .
Some 75 percent of Americans think doctors should be permitted to prescribe cannabis .
The National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws reports that in 33 state referenda since 1992 , voters have embraced liberalization 30 times .
Most of the time , the two major parties are about as different as Coke and Pepsi .
But last year , they presented a stark contrast on this issue .
Republicans denounced the use of marijuana as medicine , while Democrats lined up to criticize the prevailing federal policy .
Obama took a clear position , declaring it " entirely appropriate " for physicians to prescribe cannabis and pledging , " What I 'm not going to be doing is using Justice Department resources to try to circumvent state laws on this issue . "
But as opponents of the Iraq war , " do n't - ask - do n't - tell , " and Guantanamo know , a promise made by Obama is not exactly money in the bank .
This time , though , he deserves full credit for doing what he said he would do , repudiating a bipartisan legacy of pig - headed stupidity .
What 's more , Obama may not stop there .
Some drug reformers expect the administration to agree to let a scientist at the University of Massachusetts Amherst grow cannabis for research on its medical potential — something the Bush administration opposed , lest the research contradict its ideology .
During the campaign , he also indicated he favors scrapping a 21 - year - old policy that forbids cities from using federal money to finance needle - exchange programs to block the spread of AIDS , and the House voted last summer to lift the ban .
The White House drug czar has even solicited advice from critics of the drug war , whom previous drug czars saw as deranged .
Robert Randall , who died in 2001 , might have been surprised to hear the federal government admit the possibility that it was wrong about marijuana .
He probably would n't have been surprised that it took 33 years .
COPYRIGHT 2009 CREATORS.COM
Do n't Let the Insurance Industry Dictate Health Care Reform !
by : Consumers Union
recipient : U.S. Congress
Some in Congress are now saying we should settle for a health reform plan pushed by the giant insurance corporations .
The companies promise not to deny anyone coverage , as long as everyone is required to buy insurance from them .
That 's a brilliant recipe to increase insurance company profits , and put more middle - men between you and your doctor , but it does n't solve our health care crisis !
To really bring costs down and get everyone covered , we need meaningful change , not another " trust us " plan from the insurance industry .
Meaningful change includes real choice :
- A publicly run coverage plan that would compete with plans offered by insurance companies ,
- Financial help for those who truly can't afford their premiums , whether they buy a public or private plan , and
- Tough rules to crack down on waste and abuse .
Tell Congress you expect real , affordable health insurance choices , not just what the insurance industry wants .
read petition letter ▾
Dear [ Decision Maker ] ,
Americans need real health care choice , not just the plan pushed by the giant insurance companies requiring everyone to buy coverage from them .
We need a new type of health care market , featuring real competition between private and public insurers that will bring down costs , improve quality and help get everyone covered .
Please keep the public plan option as part of health reform , and give us meaningful choices , not just what the insurance companies want .
[ Your personal comments will be added here . ]
Today , I pay more because doctors and hospitals must cover the costs of those people without insurance .
Folks without insurance usually put off getting preventive care or early treatment for an illness .
They get sicker and are harder to treat , and we all end up paying more .
This is a terrible cycle we have to break , which is why we need meaningful reform .
But the answer is n't leaving my insurance choice solely to the giant insurance companies .
That 's just a recipe to increase the insurance industry 's profits , and put more paper - pushers between me and my doctor .
Even if the insurance industry agrees to stop excluding people with pre-existing conditions , charging women more than men or sticking the seriously ill with exorbitant rates , these companies will always be in the business of making a profit by finding the best " risks . "
The companies likely will still charge higher rates for getting older , or charge more depending on where a person lives .
Middle class people who do n't qualify for subsidies could be particularly hard hit as they get older , and ultimately be priced out of the insurance market .
We risk winding up back where we started with high rates of uninsured and costs shifted to everyone else .
We need a real , meaningful solution .
In addition to employer - based and insurance industry offerings , Americans need the choice of a publicly run insurance plan .
All insurers , including the public plan entities offering coverage , would have to compete for customers , state clearly what they cover and what they charge , and play by the same rules and laws , so no one has an advantage .
These rules would crack down on waste , fraud and abuse .
For those who could n't afford the full cost of insurance , subsidies would be available to help them pay the premiums for either a private or publicly run plan .
Because the public plan would n't need to spend billions on advertising and marketing , it could pressure private insurers to lower their costs .
And private insurance would pressure the public plan to be more resourceful and responsive .
We 'd see vigorous competition , with better prices and better quality and service .
I urge you to support a public insurance option that competes with private insurance .
Please do n't reject this option before the country has even debated it or tried it .
To reach a middle ground on health care , we can't have a system that is entirely run by the insurance industry or Washington .
Subject : Give us meaningful health reformDear [ Decision Maker ] , Americans need real health care choice , not just the plan pushed by the giant insurance companies requiring everyone to buy coverage from them .
We need a new type of health care market , featuring real competition between private and public insurers that will bring down costs , improve quality and help get everyone covered .
Please keep the public plan option as part of health reform , and give us meaningful choices , not just what the insurance companies want .
[ Your personal comments will be added here . ]
Today , I pay more because doctors and hospitals must cover the costs of those people without insurance .
Folks without insurance usually put off getting preventive care or early treatment for an illness .
They get sicker and are harder to treat , and we all end up paying more .
This is a terrible cycle we have to break , which is why we need meaningful reform .
But the answer is n't leaving my insurance choice solely to the giant insurance companies .
That 's just a recipe to increase the insurance industry 's profits , and put more paper - pushers between me and my doctor .
Even if the insurance industry agrees to stop excluding people with pre-existing conditions , charging women more than men or sticking the seriously ill with exorbitant rates , these companies will always be in the business of making a profit by finding the best " risks .
"
The companies likely will still charge higher rates for getting older , or charge more depending on where a person lives .
Middle class people who do n't qualify for subsidies could be particularly hard hit as they get older , and ultimately be priced out of the insurance market .
We risk winding up back where we started with high rates of uninsured and costs shifted to everyone else .
We need a real , meaningful solution .
In addition to employer - based and insurance industry offerings , Americans need the choice of a publicly run insurance plan .
All insurers , including the public plan entities offering coverage , would have to compete for customers , state clearly what they cover and what they charge , and play by the same rules and laws , so no one has an advantage .
These rules would crack down on waste , fraud and abuse .
For those who could n't afford the full cost of insurance , subsidies would be available to help them pay the premiums for either a private or publicly run plan .
Because the public plan would n't need to spend billions on advertising and marketing , it could pressure private insurers to lower their costs .
And private insurance would pressure the public plan to be more resourceful and responsive .
We 'd see vigorous competition , with better prices and better quality and service .
I urge you to support a public insurance option that competes with private insurance .
Please do n't reject this option before the country has even debated it or tried it .
To reach a middle ground on health care , we can't have a system that is entirely run by the insurance industry or Washington .
It has an obvious theme , in the traditional White against Black sides , good versus evil .
The symbology of the good guys is obvious :
King - Secular Leader , but with the Church close on his side ( King 's Bishop )
Queen -
All the King 's secular forces combined into a powerful tool of his administration .
Starts at his side , to show His dominance .
Straight and Diagonal movement shows the ability to apply to all problems and situations .
Bishop - liaison between Man and God , the administration of the House of the Lord on Earth .
Keeps to one color , to show that the church has limitations in its applicability , BUT there are TWO Bishops , one for the Church , one for the Congregation , and between the two of them , they can get anywhere .
Shows the transparent MYTH of Separation of Church and State .
Knight - The Special Forces , able to attack from unseen angles , and retreat across obstacles .
The 90 - degree component seen by many to symbolize the duality of God 's Might and Man's Will .
Rook -
Portrayed in most modern sets as a castle , examination of early structures leads many to conclude it is actually a church , historically .
Either way usually exemplifies a building made of Stone , and " On this stone I shall build a church . "
Pawn -
All the multitudes of Man , serving God best by stepping blindly forward .
Of course , the Black side , the Evil , has the same components .
Considering that the Dark One has his followers and his Bishops , we know what God has stated about False Religions : " As we said before , so say I now again , if any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received , let him be accursed . "
This makes it seem that someone playing chess , especially on the White Side , is acting out a morality play , attacking the forces of Darkness and crushing them under his heel .
There lies the trick that ensnares millions of innocent souls every year .
Evil has , mathematically , as much of a chance to win as Good .
The only restriction between the colors is that White moves first .
In reality , The Good side should have more power than the evil , for the Lord has said , regarding HIS believers : " Behold , I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions , and over all the power of the enemy : and nothing shall by any means hurt you . "
Unfortunately , the ' powers ' given to the individual units of a chess set are evenly matched by their direct opponents .
Anther problem is the power of the Queen .
She is clearly portrayed as the King 's wife , but granted greater power and maneuverability .
She travels and works independently of the King , if nominally at his ' bidding . '
This directly conflicts with MANY biblical verses , to wit :
" ... and thy desire shall be to thy husband , and he shall rule over thee . "
" But I would have you know , that the head of every man is Christ ; and the head of the woman is the man ; and the head of Christ is God . "
" Let your women keep silence in the churches : for it is not permitted unto them to speak ; but they are commanded to be under obedience as also saith the law .
And if they will learn any thing , let them ask their husbands at home : for it is a shame for women to speak in the church . "
" Wives , submit yourselves unto your own husbands , as unto the Lord .
For the husband is the head of the wife , even as Christ is the head of the church : and he is the saviour of the body .
Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ , so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing . "
" Wives , submit yourselves unto your own husbands , as it is fit in the Lord . "
" Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection .
But I suffer not a woman to teach , nor to usurp authority over the man , but to be in silence .
For Adam was first formed , then Eve .
And Adam was not deceived , but the woman being deceived was in the transgression .
Notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing . "
" Likewise , ye wives , be in subjection to your own husbands . "
A further heresy implicit in the play of Chess , is that of returning lost souls to play .
If a simple pawn makes it unmolested to the final rank of the enemy 's side , he can be transmuted to any other piece of the game .
In this manner , lost pieces can be regained .
The bible clearly shows that there is only one event of importance following an individual 's death , and that is the judgement .
After that , the soul is sent Heavenwards or dropped into the Lake of Fire .
Reincarnation is the devil 's idea .
In addition to problems with the rules , certain conventions of game play are offensive to any True Christian that has seen the Truth .
It is possible , if care is not taken , to move the Knight in such a manner that the outline of a Pentagram is described on the board , an incontrovertible sign of Satan .
Most frighteningly , throughout most of the game , the mechanism of capturing a piece results in removal of the lost piece .
In the final move , of EVERY chess game , the King is not captured .
Instead , the losing player lays his King down on the board , mimicking a ritualistic HUMAN SACRIFICE !
Does it still sound like a simple ' Game ? '
This definition covers a great number of possibilities , and I do n't pretend that I will even cover a large fraction of them .
But I want to cover some specific fuels - like cellulosic ethanol - that I believe can work in a niche .
If readers can think of others , let 's discuss them .
I want to lead off with some of the options I categorized as " Pretenders " , and then discuss corn ethanol which I did not discuss in the previous installments .
Today I want to talk about Biofuel Niches .
Here is how I would define a Biofuel Niche :
A technology that is capable of supplying , long - term , up to 10 % of our present liquid fossil fuel consumption , often by utilizing specific , localized synergies .
This is the final installment of a three - part series that examines some of the renewable energy options that are presenting themselves as possible contenders to step up as petroleum steps down the depletion curve .
The previous installments were :
To reiterate , my views are based on the following expectations : 1 ) .
That the average oil price over the next 10 years will exceed $ 100 / bbl ; 2 ) .
That biomass prices will rise in response to demand , putting a premium on efficient conversion technologies ; 3 ) .
That these biofuel technologies will eventually have to compete on the basis of oil price and not government handouts .
This latter point is key , because it favors those technologies that can decouple from fossil fuel inputs .
Algal Biofuel
I classified this as a pretender based on the fact that technological improvements are needed in order to make algal biofuel economical - yet the hype over algae is mind - boggling .
We do n't even know if it will work at scale , and yet it is going to be the solution to all our problems ?
Following my previous essay , I had a discussion with someone involved in testing fuels for the U.S. military .
They are optimistic about the future of fuel from algae , but admitted that they were only able to secure algal fuel for testing at the cost of $ 100 / gal !
How likely is it that there will be a more than 20 - fold decrease in production costs ?
Having said that , there are three situations in which I think algae can work .
Two of these are niches .
The first is a situation in which the oil is produced as a by - product .
Algae has a great number of uses in consumer products , and oil can be produced as a by - product of those consumer products .
As a hypothetical , assume that algae can be engineered to produce a valuable pharmaceutical .
This is certainly not science fiction ; the first commercial usage of genetic engineering was to design bacteria to produce human insulin .
Imagine instead algae , and oil that is removed during processing .
The costs are largely born by the more valuable primary product .
The problem of course is that this approach is n't scalable .
Imagine again that something like insulin production is the primary role of the algae .
If you tried to scale that up to a significant fraction of our fuel usage , you will have thoroughly saturated the market for the insulin .
But perhaps if we can pair up a number of primary products with oil algal production , algae can make a contribution to our fuel supply .
The second situation is similar .
If algae production is one step in an integrated energy complex , it could work .
For instance , I was recently asked to comment on just such an approach by Desert Biofuels , a company in Arizona .
Without endorsing their specific approach , this sort of approach may work .
( Actually their approach is quite complex and has unique technical risks ) .
But algae can be effective at cleaning up waste water .
Imagine algal - cleanup as one step of an integrated complex , and the costs go down substantially .
The only scalable approach I can see is for algae to be engineered to excrete their oil in situ .
What drives the cost of algae up so much are the difficulties of collecting the algae , separating from water , and then separating the oil from the algae .
( Often overlooked is that the oil must be further processed to biodiesel or green diesel ) .
Now imagine a pond of algae in which the oil " leaks " out while the algae grow .
The process of collecting the oil would be dramatically simplified .
A caveat of course is that engineered algae tend to get out - competed by native strains .
The bigger caveat is that this technology does n't exist , but companies are working on it .
The wild card out there is the Solazyme approach .
Think sugarcane ethanol , except instead of yeast producing ethanol you have algae producing oil .
The approach is interesting - which is why I mention it - and gets away from many of the problems inherent in trying to produce fuel from algae .
Is it more efficient than sugarcane ethanol ?
I think it 's too early to tell .
But one poster at The Oil Drum indicated that during a Q&A with a Solazyme representative , he could n't come close to a believable answer regarding scale - up costs .
So while I think this one bears watching , it is far too early to suggest that this will pan out .
For a balanced overview of fuel from algae , see Biotech 's green gold ?
Cellulosic Ethanol
I see two major problems with the scalability of cellulosic ethanol .
First , the logistical challenges of getting a lot of biomass into the plant is going to limit the size of the plant .
As I pointed out in an essay on Coskata , to run their proposed plants would take the equivalent of over a million trees per year .
In terms of rail cars , this is over 1 per hour , 24 hours a day , 365 days a year in and out of the plant to dump the biomass .
And bear in mind that this is really a gasification to ethanol plant , with higher forecast yields than a conventional cellullosic process ( i.e. , a real cellulosic plant of this size would require even more biomass ) .
But beyond that , the ethanol that is produced from the cellulosic process is at a far lower concentration than that of corn ethanol .
That means big energy inputs in order to make pure ethanol .
A good niche application for cellulosic ethanol could be a situation in which there is a lot of waste heat available near a point source of biomass .
Generally , there is n't a lot of high quality waste heat that would contribute a lot to the steam needs of a cellulosic ethanol plant .
But picture something like a cogeneration unit near a collection point for woody waste .
The waste is being collected and is coming in anyway for disposal , and the heat output from the cogen unit may improve the economics .
Another alternative could be if there is another very cheap source of steam around that can't be better utilized .
If you had a lot of coal in the same location as a lot of biomass , again a cellulosic process might work ( but I would argue that depending on the source of biomass , gasification might be a more efficient solution here ) .
Hydrogen
While not generally considered a biofuel , I discussed hydrogen in my " Pretenders " piece so I will address it here as well .
In my opinion , the most interesting realistic option for hydrogen is as energy storage for excess power .
For instance , let 's say you have a neighborhood in which most houses have enough solar panels to produce excess electricity at mid-day .
Once the batteries are charged , what else can you do with that excess electricity ?
If it can't be diverted to someplace that has a need , then it may make sense to electrolyze water to produce hydrogen .
This is not a very efficient process , and not something you would do under normal circumstances , but in this case it could be the best storage option .
Once the hydrogen is produced , it could either be used to fuel stationary fuel cells for the neighborhood when the solar panels are n't producing , or it could be compressed and used to fuel hydrogen combustion engines .
Corn Ethanol
A niche , you say ?
Are n't we producing 10 billion gallons of corn ethanol already ?
True , but I am talking about something that could actually stand on its own in the long run - unsubsidized - and still make a decent net contribution to our energy supplies .
In that case , producers might still be able to sell 10 - 15 billion gallons of ethanol a year and make a profit , but the distribution pattern would be different .
In a state with ample rainfall and rich soil , corn ethanol may be able to stand unsubsidized by making and consuming the ethanol locally .
Corn ethanol may be a fine solution for Iowa ( although E85 is not even cornering the market in Iowa , where it should be in its optimal market ) .
Stretching it beyond a local solution is where the economics start to break down and the scheme only works with subsidies .
Here are some examples of what I am talking about .
When corn ethanol is produced far from corn supplies - like in California - the economics became difficult due to the cost of shipping the corn to the plant .
I talked about that in 2006 , when I warned of the potential problems of Pacific Ethanol 's plans to do just that .
They filed for bankruptcy earlier this year .
Another example is when ethanol is produced from a state in which ethanol 's energy balance is poor ( e.g. , parts of Nebraska , due to corn 's irrigation requirements ) and then shipped to California .
If you look at the USDA 's most recent paper on corn ethanol 's energy balance ( the one in which they used creative accounting ) , you can see from Table 2 that Nebraska 's energy inputs for growing corn are about 20,000 BTU / bushel above the Midwest average .
( By comparison , Iowa's are 11,000 BTU / bushel under the Midwest average ) .
This has the overall impact of actually causing Nebraska 's net energy from producing ethanol to be negative unless one adds a BTU credit for co-products .
With such a marginal energy balance ( and I have n't even mentioned the Ogallala Aquifer ) it hardly makes sense to produce ethanol in the drier regions of Nebraska .
It makes even less sense to then spend more energy shipping that ethanol far from the point of origin .
Conclusion
Those are some of the major niche applications I see , but there are certainly others .
What corn ethanol could be for Iowa , sugar beet ethanol may be to the EU and palm oil may be to Malaysia : Local solutions .
The key to success for any of these is not to try to scale something that should operate in a niche .
When we attempt to do this , we open up a can of perpetual subsidies in order to force something that does n't fit , and often get unintended consequences in the process .
Another month , another maid café opening .
Cute Room opening in Akihabara on Oct. 4 boasts a bevy of girls who offer a wide range of services from a relaxing shoulder massage to a slap in the face .
Why on earth , you ask , would any self - respecting otaku pay for this , when you can get smacked in the gob free of charge while taking up skirt shots of girls on the Yamanote Line ?
Despite the obvious advantage of avoiding prosecution by the transport police for perversion , there are added advantages of doing this in privacy of the maid kissa ( café ) .
First , you get to dress the girl up in a costume of your choice .
Then she can act out the moe ( roughly translates as character charm ) of your favorite tsundere anime character .
The tsundere character type is basically a pretty disagreeable figure , whether it be stroppy , conceited or just plain mean , who suddenly becomes sweet and agreeable in certain situations , revealing her inner charms .
To see a tsundere girl in action watch this video of the Little Sister maid café in Akihabara .
It does n’t contain subtitles , but here ’s the gist of one of the funnier moments .
When the men are at the door of the café , the girl says , “ Why did you come here ?
Just go home .
Well , if you ’re going to stay standing in the way , you might as well come in . ”
After grumpily throwing down their napkins , she takes their order , grumbling , “ That ’s a pain to make . ”
As you see , toward the end of the video , she finds it hard to keep her tsundere character up as the hosts of the show tease her and she bursts into giggles .
While we would consider Haruhi Suzumiya from the popular anime “ The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya ” to display tsundere character traits in her treatment of love interest Kyon , this is a highly controversial opinion , as many fans feels Haruhi is altogether too energetic to be truly tsundere .
Cute Room is n’t the first maid café to offer a slap service .
Cafe and Kitchen Cos-Cha has a service where you get to play a game with the maid to decide what goes into your mixed juice drink .
You then have to finish the drink in one gulp or get slapped .
At Cute Room a slap will only cost ¥ 1,000 , but that ’s on top of the room and costume charge , which will set you back for ¥ 5,500 an hour .
While that might seem a little steep , Cute Room ’s individual selling point is that you can enjoy your humiliation in the privacy of your own room .
After being disciplined , your tsundere sweetheart can show you her soft side by reading you a bedtime story . . . for an extra ¥ 1,000 .
In his interview yesterday with NBC News , President Obama made his first public comments on White House attempts to marginalize Fox News .
He seems all for it .
" What our advisers simply said is -- is that -- we are going to take media as it comes , " Obama told NBC's Savannah Guthrie .
" And if media is operating , basically , as a talk radio format , then that 's one thing .
And if it 's operating ... as a news outlet , then that 's another .
" But it 's not somethin ' I 'm losing a lot of sleep over . "
Obama also told Guthrie the American public is n't interested in this Washington food fight :
" Understandably , since you 're in the news business , this is something that you 're very interested in , " Obama said .
" And I think the American people are a lot more interested in what we 're doing to create jobs or how we 're handling the situation in Afghanistan . "
Guthrie responded to that by saying , " fair enough , but your advisors raised this issue . "
For the Fox News take , check out this report .
Michael Clemente , senior vice president of news at Fox , said earlier this week that " hundreds of journalists come to work each day at FOX News all deeply committed to their craft .
It 's disappointing that the White House would be so dismissive of their fine work and continue their vengeful war against a news organization . "
Some observers -- particularly conservatives -- see the Fox freeze - out as an attempt to censor the press .
Sen. Lamar Alexander , R - Tenn. , wonders if the White House is developing an enemies list .
The headline of the interview , as we reported yesterday , was Afghanistan .
Obama said he might decide on a new troop strategy before the Nov. 7 presidential runoff in Afghanistan , but he may not announce it then .
Obama also spoke about the about the contributions of women to the nation and to his administration .
You can see the interview here .
( Posted by David Jackson ; photo from Fox News )
Bank of America is among the largest recipients of US government aid
Bank of America has agreed to pay a $ 33 m ( £ 19 m ) fine to settle charges that it misled investors about bonuses when it acquired Merrill Lynch in January .
Bank of America saved Merrill from collapse after telling its shareholders no bonuses would be paid to its executives without their approval .
However , Bank of America later authorised Merrill to pay up to $ 5.8 bn in bonuses .
Bank of America was bailed out by the US taxpayer in 2008 .
It needed $ 25bn in capital injections from the bail - out fund during the height of the financial crisis .
' Constructive conclusion '
On Monday , Bank of America agreed to pay the fine to settle the charges made by the US Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .
" Bank of America believes that the settlement ... represents a constructive conclusion to this issue , " company spokesman Scott Silvestri said in a statement .
The bank has neither admitted nor denied the SEC allegations .
However , the SEC said its investigation was continuing .
The SEC said Merrill ended up paying £ 3.6 bn in bonuses in 2008 , even though it incurred heavy losses that year .
The settlement comes soon after the US House of Representatives voted in favour of legislation to stop banks paying bonuses that encourage excessive risk taking .
And a report last week , by the office of New York Attorney Andrew Cuomo , said there was " no clear rhyme or reason " for bankers ' pay .
The findings suggested Wall Street banks that were bailed out by the government gave executives bonuses regardless of performance .
MY FAVORITE moment so far in the health care debate was when Senator Jon Kyl of Arizona argued against mandating maternity benefits as part of a basic insurance coverage .
“ I do n’t need maternity care , ’’ he blurted out .
At which point , Michigan ’s Debbie Stabenow quipped , “ I think your mom probably did . ’’
For that matter , so did his wife and daughter .
But never mind .
We had one brief glimpse into the mind of a politician who does n’t quite see women ’s health concerns as equal to his own .
Michelle Obama referred to this connection between health care and equality when she told a group of women that overhauling the system was “ the next step ’ ’ in women ’s advancement for opportunity .
Women are not only less likely to have insurance at work , but more likely to face discrimination from insurance companies .
They also , she added , can be denied coverage just for the preexisting condition of having had a C - section .
It is becoming obvious that just having a female reproductive system is a preexisting condition in the health care debate .
The up - and - coming sticking point is abortion .
The Senate Finance Committee beat back some restrictions , but the question for Congress is still whether the “ reform ’ ’ that is supposed to increase coverage will instead reduce it .
Will women who now have coverage for abortion in their private plans end up losing it ?
In the days before Roe v. Wade , there was a hodgepodge of different state laws governing abortion .
The argument in favor of abortion rights was not just about equality between men and women , but equality along economic lines .
It was unjust , many argued , to have a system in which a wealthier woman could find and afford a safe abortion while a poorer woman had to put herself at risk .
After Roe , abortion opponents regrouped and went looking for a restriction that would appeal to the ambivalent middle .
They latched on to the idea that taxpayer money should n’t be used to pay for abortions .
This not only stigmatized abortion , separating it from “ legitimate ’ ’ health care , it reintroduced a two - tier health system for poor women on Medicaid .
Today , those tiers have expanded .
Women on Medicaid can only get abortion coverage when states pick up the bill .
Women in the military have no coverage , not even if they were raped .
Doctors on the military payroll are n’t allowed to provide abortions even for soldiers who can pay their own way .
Nor is there coverage for federal employees .
So what now ?
We were told that the health care legislation would be “ abortion neutral , ’’ that it would n’t change the shaky status quo , or rile the troops in the abortion wars .
One compromise in the House proposed by Representative Lois Capps of California would keep it that way .
Abortion would be neither mandated nor banned .
There would be no federal funds in subsidized plans for lower - income people ; the money would be segregated .
But it turns out that finding neutrality in the abortion wars is elusive .
We now have prolife Republicans and Democrats - most notably Representative Bart Stupak of Michigan - demanding that any health plan offering abortion be banned from the newly created health care exchange .
And guess what that will mean ?
More than 80 percent of private insurance plans cover abortions .
But any insurance plan that wants to be eligible for the huge wave of new clients would have to drop the abortion coverage it offers .
So let ’s regroup .
The first target was poor women on Medicaid , then came women in the military , now women needing subsidized plans .
Next ?
“ The millions of women who presently have private insurance would lose it if they are successful in putting in an all - out ban , ’’ says Nancy Keenan of NARAL Pro-Choice America .
This is n’t supposed to happen .
The prochoice president said , “ If you like your health care plan , you can keep your health care plan . ’’
Not if folks like Stupak get their way .
No woman expects to have an abortion .
But one in every three women has one by the age of 45 .
That ’s a whole lot of women to stigmatize . . . or ignore .
The irony is that this attempt to enforce a federal moral rule over everyone ’s health comes from precisely the people who are most angry at the idea of a government takeover of health care .
This leads me to my second most favorite moment in the health care debate : when Republican Jim Bunning of Kentucky loudly railed , “ I do not support a government takeover of the health care system , ’’ and then fell asleep .
I ’m sure he ’s covered for narcolepsy .
Ellen Goodman can be reached at ellengoodman1@me.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A global body with legal powers may be needed over time to enforce the world ’s new financial rules , the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) said on Wednesday .
A sign is reflected in the window of a branch of Northern Rock in London August 4 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Luke MacGregor
The FSA ’s newly appointed and first director of international affairs , Verena Ross , said the Financial Stability Board ( FSB ) was key to ensuring all gaps in regulation between securities , insurance and banking sectors were plugged .
Formerly known as the Financial Stability Forum , the FSB was expanded in April to include central bankers and finance ministry and regulatory officials from all Group of 20 ( G20 ) countries .
The G20 has asked the body , chaired by Bank of Italy Governor Mario Draghi , to coordinate global efforts to introduce new financial rules in light of the sector ’s worst crisis in 70 years .
“ I would advocate to make sure the FSB have a strong secretariat to support their work , ” Ross told a City and Financial Conference .
“ The role of the FSB is crucial .
We will need to make sure it is able to play its role forcefully ...
Success depends on real progress over the next six to 12 months , ” she said .
But the board has no legal teeth and there are “ real questions ” about whether the world can continue with such informal arrangements in the longer term , Ross said .
There may be a case for exploring the need for a more formal global regulatory framework , such as a body with legal powers of enforcement like the World Trade Organisation , Ross added .
“ Any move in that long - term direction would have the FSB very firmly at the centre of that global regulatory architecture , ” Ross said .
Regulators need to be better at checking on the enforcement of the new rules and banks have a role in this , she said .
COST OF EXTRA CAPITAL
Banks have urged a coordinated global approach to regulation to stop some countries having an unfair advantage , especially in tougher bank and liquidity rules due to take effect by the end of 2012 .
Angela Knight , chief executive of the British Bankers ’ Association , said it was clear the minimum 8 percent of capital banks must hold under the global Basel II accord would rise .
“ The crisis has demonstrated that the Basel international capital rules were wrong .
They neither judged correctly the amount of capital that was needed to be in the system nor the amount that banks needed to hold , ” Knight said .
Basel is being toughened up to include a leverage ratio or cap , minimum liquidity levels , capital charges on trading books and improvements in the quality of capital that must be held .
“ Capital , that is the big cost .
That will have the greatest consequence on how the industry will be able to perform its business , ” Knight said .
Banks in Britain have already doubled their capital requirements from the 8 percent Basel minimum , she added .
A proper impact assessment is therefore needed on the effect of tougher capital rules on lending and economy as well as timing of the new rules , Knight said .
FSA Chairman Adair Turner has called some banking services “ socially useless , ” but Knight warned against using “ buzzwords and catchphrases ” as activities such as securitisation were being maligned even though they provided finance raising .
The securitisation market has just started to reopen after freezing during the credit crunch and must be allowed to continue reviving , she said .
Banks are also concerned about global plans for a cap on leverage , saying it should only be a backstop and not interfere with capital requirement rules for “ normal business as usual . ”
Katharine Seal , a director at the London Investment Banking Association , said : “ It ’s an area where an ability to be flexible is absolutely paramount . ”
Knight expects the European Union to beef up consumer protection , such as direct product regulation , which UK lawmakers may support .
“ There is a case for looking at that issue , ” said John McFall , chairman of Britain ’s parliamentary treasury committee .
A controversial British antigravity device is to be investigated by the government 's National Space Centre , according to reports .
If the technology really works , it would be able to counteract the force of gravity using only electrical power , permitting the easy building of Jetsons - style flying cars or hoverships and hugely simplifying space travel .
The kit in question is the " Emdrive " - brainchild of engineer Roger Shawyer - which some readers may already be familiar with .
It supposedly works by generating high - power microwaves within a special closed wave guide .
Somehow or other - it's to do with relativity , according to Shawyer - the microwaves push harder on one end of the tin than the other , causing a thrust to be generated from nothing more than electrical power - no reaction mass required .
Naturally a lot of people assert that this is bunk .
In particular , Dr John Costella , Aussie physicist and expert on relativistic electrodynamics - the very stuff which is supposed to make the Emdrive work - says it 's a fraud , and also uses ( pdf ) ugly words like " crackpot " and " charlatan " .
On the other side of the coin , Shawyer is a bona - fide Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society ( we checked with them ) - which would normally indicate status as a flying - stuff boffin of some substance .
The Emdrive has already received funding and investigation from the British government in the last few years , and Shawyer has built a demonstration unit which appears to generate enough thrust to rotate itself on an air bearing ( see the vid above ) .
He says that more powerful second - generation kit using superconducting niobium wave cavities cooled by liquid helium would be able to generate much more powerful forces - lifting tonnes per kilowatt put in .
One might think that this would enable mighty electric spaceships to flit easily between the planets - but , interestingly , Shawyer denies this .
He says that the thrust drops off rapidly once the generator starts moving along the line of thrust , so that the kit would really only be of much use to nullify an opposing force - for instance that of gravity .
Your spaceship would find getting away from Earth much easier , but it would still need some other propulsion in order to pick up speed : your car or yacht could easily float in midair using only a horsepower or two to hold itself up ( plus the power needed for the liquid - helium chiller gear ) but it would need jets or props to move along .
Sadly for all those still waiting for their antigrav car , sky yacht , cheap and easy space launch etc.
it seems quite likely that it 's all a load of cobblers .
But not everybody is convinced of this : Flight International reports that a deputy director at the British National Space Centre - the nearest thing the UK has to a government space agency - envisages a " workshop " on the Emdrive next year .
Shawyer has been exhibiting his kit at the European Air and Space Conference in Manchester this week . ®
Amira
Hass was spot on when she said last week that her lifetime women 's award was an award for failure .
The West Bank correspondent of the Israeli paper Haaretz eloquently explained herself on al - Jazeera 's English channel .
She received an award for failure , she said , because despite all the facts that she and her journalistic colleagues had explained about Israeli occupation in Palestine , the world still did not understand what occupation meant and still used words like " terror " and " war on terror " .
Amira was absolutely correct .
Most of our Western press and television are as gutless as ever when they have to participate in what Noam Chomsky described as " the manufacture of consent " .
Once government and editors and television management have decided on the " story " , you can be sure that an Israeli " wall " will become a " security barrier " or a " fence " , a pro-Western Arab dictator a " strongman " and " occupied " Israeli territory will become " disputed " ; the unjustly treated will thus become generically violent , brutality softened and occupation legalised .
Fred Halliday of the LSE is coming out next June with a book called Shocked and Awed about the artillery and minefields used in the battlefield of language .
The " War on Terror " – yes , let 's give this trash the capital letters it deserves , as in " South Sea Bubble " – has given us " Gitmo " and " extraordinary rendition " ( " extraordinary " indeed ! ) and imported , as Halliday observes , perversions of imported words such as " jihad " .
But I think the problem goes further than this .
It 's not just a White House - State Department - Pentagon - CNN - Downing Street - Defence Ministry - BBC military - political - journalistic complex .
Our masters prefer us not to tangle with the bad guys as well as good guys .
Years ago , a Time magazine reporter in Cairo packed his note - book with facts about the routine Egyptian police torture of prisoners .
But the US ambassador in Cairo persuaded the bureau chief to hold off because he understood that Mubarak was going to " crack down " on such abuses .
Ho ho !
Time did n't run the story and , of course , the abuses got worse .
Shortly afterwards , jail guards were forcing Egyptian prisoners to rape each other .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
And nothing has changed .
The big Western news agencies which have headquartered their Middle East offices in Cairo are as loath to touch these stories today as they were more than a decade ago .
It 's just the same in that other friendly Muslim ally of ours , Turkey .
But let 's start in Cairo .
When the " peace process " – remember that tacky phrase ?
– was about to reach fruition almost 15 years ago , the big wire agencies poured millions into new offices and staffs in Mubarak 's gleaming capital of democracy .
And what happened ?
As usual , the Egyptian Mukhabarat security agencies inserted their own lads into the bureaux – or blackmailed Egyptian reporting staff – to spy on the journalistic output .
All bureau chiefs in Cairo know who their local spies are .
But , of course , they can't dismiss them .
Nor can they report the news that their " news " agency is supposed to be telling us about .
The mere hint of an anti-Mubarak story – I am omitting from this the courageous coverage of the shameful behaviour of the cops in mauling and beating female as well as male protesters during the anti-Mubarak " Enough movement 's demonstrations – and the Ministry of Information will be calling in the relevant bureau chief for a chat .
Even a formal Egyptian denial wo n't do you much good .
There will be serious consequences if there is a repeat .
Closing down the bureau , perhaps , having wasted all those millions on installing the office in the first place ?
Which is why almost all Cairo - datelined coverage of police savagery in Egypt contains only reports on London - issued protests from Amnesty or Human Rights Watch , followed by the necessary Egyptian condemnation of the human rights groups .
In other words , the investment in such Western news bureaux has now become more important than the news for which the original investment was made .
But let 's move to my old favourite , Turkey .
Now we all know that the Armenian genocide of 1915 was a fact of history , that one and a half million Armenian men , women and children were raped , knifed , burned and shot to death by the Ottoman Turks .
But I was reminded of the historical depths of this first holocaust of the last century when a friend of mine , Catherine Sheridan , gave me a leather - bound book from her late husband Don 's library .
It 's called Syria , the Holy Land and Asia Minor by John Carne Esq , printed by Fisher , Son and Co of Newgate Street , London , in 1836 .
And what did Mr Carne Esq see at Antioch ?
" Among those visited by the cruelties of the Greek revolution was an Armenian lady of Constantinople , a young and handsome widow , whose husband was recently murdered ... dejection and sorrow were stamped on her pale ... features ... the blow had been too sudden and ruthless ; her home , her husband , her love , to all of which her heart clung intensely , were cruelly taken ... "
Her husband , of course , was a victim of the Greek war of independence against the Ottoman Turks – the same war during which Lord Byron died at Missolonghi in 1823 .
So Armenians were being murdered almost a century before their genocide ; and indeed were slaughtered by the tens of thousands towards the end of the 19th century , again before the genocide .
So how do our defenders of the Western press refer to the Armenian genocide ?
Here is Reuters on 13 October this year , referring to " hostility stemming from the First World War mass killings of Armenians by Ottoman Turks .
Armenia says it was genocide , a term Turkey rejects " .
And here 's the Associated Press next day : " Armenia and many historians say Ottoman Turks committed genocide against Armenians early in the last century , a charge that Turkey denies . "
Can you imagine the uproar if Reuters referred to the " mass killing " of Jews by Germans with the words : " Jews say it was a genocide , a term right - wing Germans and neo - Nazis reject . "
Or if AP were to report that " Israel and many historians say German Nazis committed genocide against Jews in the Second World War , a charge ( sic ) German right - wingers , etc , deny " .
It would be an outrage .
But no one , of course , is going to close the Reuters or AP bureaux in Berlin .
In Ankara and Istanbul bureaux , however , it 's clearly another matter .
Well , I suppose those staff could always ask to be transferred to their Cairo offices – where they can indulge in the same kind of sophistry .
No , Chomsky was wrong .
It 's not about consent .
It 's about the manufacture of social , political and historical denial .
The motto is familiar and simple : always give in to the bully .
Got an image you 'd like to see in here first thing in the morning ?
Send it to tips@deadspin.com .
Subject : Morning crap .
Advertisement
The Halloween bar has been set for 2009 and let 's face it — you probably are n't going to raise it any higher .
Are you willing to encase your real head inside a fake bloody stump of a neck , then drink through a straw all night while stumbling around without peripheral vision ?
Are you also willing to wear your Halloween costume in public on October 17 ?
Then you probably are n't dedicated enough to create a trick - or - treat outfit more elaborate than this .
Unless you want to be the guy swinging the wrench .
Advertisement
So it looks like your costume for the 17th consecutive year : Hobo ghost .
Sorry , about that .
[ Original photo and more pictures at Unathletic Mag ]
* * * * * *
TUESDAY !
By the way , StubHub apologized for taunting every single Major League Baseball fan with the offer of playoff tickets for their horrible teams that could never win a championship as long as Jim Leyland is manager .
( That 's what my email said anyway . )
What a responsible corporation .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So let 's get to it .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Being a survivor of incest , I wanted to bring out a few points regarding situations like Mackensie Phillips and the millions of others like her .
I know many people are on her side , but I also know many people are fighting against what she has exposed and so I want to clear up a few things .
I Just read a fantastic article here on factoidz that is regarding judging one another based on looks or circumstances this is a must - read .
https://knoji.com/judge-not-what-we-can-learn-from-susan-boyle-and-mackensie-phillips/
When you are a child and these things are going on :
1 . You do n’t know they are not supposed to be this way
2 . You equate Love with what is going on
3 . You are told over and over do n’t tell as no one will understand
4 . You may be threatened to not tell
5 . Over time your idea of Love , is what is happening and you do n’t know anything different .
Point number one : Being a child you do not understand that what is happening to you should not be happening .
In your mind you just think this is what life is and that everyone in every home deals with the same thing .
Point number two :
Over time , the things that happen to you are what you know as someone loving you , and you equate these happenings with the feeling of Love , as you do n’t know any better .
Point number three :
You are slowly brainwashed that this is real Love , and that others wo n’t understand ; and if you tell they will “ separate us ;
You do n’t want that , do you ? ”
These are the things you hear , and being that they are coming from the only source of Love that you know , you become afraid to tell anyone for fear of losing what you have .
Point number four :
Many times , and more times than not , the abuser threatens with bodily harm or to harm another loved one .
Threats can also come in the form of “ you will be taken away , you are the bad one , you caused this ” .
Here is the brainwashing starting .
Point number five :
When you have these things happen to you over and over , and although they are unpleasant at the time , they are generally followed with a great deal of attention and love , and you equate the two as one .
So even if and when you come to the conclusion that this is not right , you do not want to lose the " Love " that you know .
You will find that many women who have gone through sexual abuse do n’t know any other way to communicate Love other than through sex .
It is not that they care for it , but rather they ( in their minds ) know that is how you show it .
So in the case of Mackenzie Phillips . . .
I have been asked by a few people “ why did n’t she just quit , why did n't she walk away or tell ; she was an adult , she had to know it was wrong ” .
But , regardless of age , when you are raised in a drug - induced state and you are raped and are molested by someone you love and look up to and you do n’t know the difference ( or maybe you do but it is too much for your brain to handle ) -- then you go along , and the more you go along , the more brainwashed you become .
The time comes when the abuser who started this cycle is no longer the main abuser , as you then learn to become the abuser to yourself , as you know nothing else .
For Mackenzie Phillips to come forward is a very , very difficult thing to do , as it would be for the million others who are in the same boat .
So the fact that it became consensual is really not surprising .
Not only was she brainwashed with drugs , but also with a situation she had not control over .
And as she became an adult and had control , the only control she knew to take over was the “ love ” she was getting .
There is so much more to abuse than what I 've written , but I am hoping to have given you a little better understanding of why SURVIVORS do what they do . . . .
It is how they SURVIVE AND SURVIVED !
“ The Captain had gone , Commander Peary and I were alone ( save for the four Esquimos ) , the same as we had been so often in the past years , and as we looked at each other we realized our position and we knew without speaking that the time had come for us to demonstrate that were the men who , it has been ordained , should unlock the door which held the mystery of the Arctic . ” - Matthew Henson
When you think of history ’s great Arctic explorers , what names spring to mind ?
Ernest Shackleton ?
Robert Peary ?
How about Matthew Henson ?
Matthew who ?
While Robert Edwin Peary ’s name has come down to us as the first to set foot on the northernmost part of the world ( although not without controversy ) , the story of the man who truly made that expedition possible has often been overlooked .
For a long time , what lay at the very top of the world was a complete mystery .
Was there land there ?
Just ocean ?
Was it a place inhabited by mystical monsters and sea creatures ?
Even as an accurate picture of the North Pole began to emerge - that it was essentially composed of floating ice - the race to claim this piece of unexplored frontier remained fiercely competitive .
Robert Peary ’s hunger for the Pole , and for fame , was insatiable .
He made 7 grueling Arctic expeditions between 1886 and 1909 .
The only man who accompanied him on each of those expeditions was Matthew Henson .
Together they faced the harshest of Arctic challenges and together they planted the American flag at the Pole .
But Peary , who author Fergus Fleming called “ the most unpleasant man in the annals of polar exploration , ” had no interest in sharing the glory of the accomplishment with any other man , especially a black man .
Years before his quest for the Pole commenced , Peary had written to his mother , “ I must be the peer or superior of those about me to be comfortable . ”
And Henson made Peary very uncomfortable indeed .
While Peary viewed him as an inferior , it was Henson who was essentially the de facto leader of the Polar expeditions - Henson who took care of the other men , dogs , and supplies ; Henson who spoke the Eskimo language ; Henson who fixed the sledges ( tough sleds ) and used those sledges to pull Peary , who ’s walking ability was hampered by the loss of 8 of his toes to frostbite on a previous expedition , to and from the Pole .
Without the skills of Matthew Henson , the American flag would not likely have been the first atop the world .
Yet during the 1909 expedition , Peary had secretly planned to leave Henson behind once they got close to the Pole , so that he could claim farthest north all for himself .
But the expedition made better time than he realized ( it ’s hard to keep track when you ’re laying in a sled ) , and the team landed at the Pole before he had a chance to ditch the others .
Crestfallen that he had to share the glory of the moment with 4 Eskimos and a black man , Peary immediately ceased to speak to Henson , the man who had saved his life on a previous expedition and had remained absolutely loyal to him for 22 years when every other member of the expeditions had left because of Peary ’s insufferable personality and demands .
Unwilling to share the resulting fame , Peary forbade Henson to write , lecture , or grant interviews about the expedition .
Henson had used his own camera to take 100 pictures on the trip and used his own money to develop them .
Peary asked to borrow these pictures and then never gave them back .
Of course , this left Peary free to lecture and write in abundance , and paint himself at the sole hero of the expedition , effectively eclipsing Henson ’s role .
But Henson deserves a place in the pantheon of the world ’s greatest explorers and from his life we can glean several important lessons in manliness .
Do n’t settle for your lot in life .
Matthew Henson was born in 1866 in Maryland .
Before he would turn 7 , both of his parents passed away , and he was sent to live with an uncle .
Even at the tender age of 12 , Henson knew he wanted more from life then the largely menial jobs available to African - Americans of the time .
The young lad struck out for Baltimore and headed for the docks .
He got hired on a ship as a cabin boy and sailed for China .
Life on the ocean suited him well , and he spent the next several years of his life sailing all around the world , learning manly skills and the virtue of hardihood .
When Peary met Henson in 1888 , he was duly impressed with this experienced seaman and his “ greater than average intelligence and pluck . ”
After the two spent some time exploring South America , Peary asked Henson to accompany him on their first Arctic expedition in 1891 ; Henson accepted .
By constantly broadening his horizons , Henson made a habit of defying expectations .
Slavery had been abolished less than 30 years before , and not only did racism keep African - Americans from most pursuits , it was widely believed that blacks could not survive in the harsh cold of the Arctic climate .
Henson would boldly prove otherwise .
Immerse yourself in the culture .
While Peary was one of the first explorers to incorporate many of the Eskimo ways of traveling and dressing , and while he fathered a child with an Eskimo woman ( as did Henson ) , he saw that people as a race of inferior children .
He never bothered to learn their language .
Henson , on the other hand , spent much of his time getting to know the Eskimos and enjoying their culture .
He became fluent in Inuit , likely making him the only American at the time to know that language .
He respected them and they respected him :
“ Many and many a time , for periods covering more than twelve months , I have been to all intents an Esquimo , with Esquimos for companions , speaking their language , dressing in their clothing , living in the same kind of dens , eating the same food , enjoying their pleasures , and frequently sharing their griefs .
I have come to love these people .
I know every man , woman , and child in their tribe .
They are my friends and they regard me as theirs . ”
Understanding the Eskimo culture allowed Henson to communicate with the Eskimos who accompanied them on the expeditions and pick up valuable survival tips that helped make the expedition a success .
To this very day , the Inuit of Greenland still tell stories and sing of Mahripaluq ( “ Matt , the kind one ” ) .
Cultivate true grit .
While we often romanticize the lives of great explorers , the reality of day to day life on an expedition was bleak and grueling .
At the northern most part of the world , temperatures would drop to 60 degrees below zero , with winds capable of making it feel like 125 below .
These same winds would pick up 100 pound rocks and hurl them through the air , smashing and killing men in the blink of any eye .
And while you might imagine the Pole as a sheet of flat ice , it ’s actually studded with 60 - 100 foot high ridges and dotted with sections of “ rubble -ice ” which had to be cleared away with pickaxes and was capable of splitting the sledges into several pieces .
The men traveled for 13 hours at a time , with the ice stretching as far as the eye could see .
While the march itself was physically draining , the men actually preferred moving over sleeping .
Sleeping in igloos on blankets right on top of the snow , the men would wake up every hour and have to beat their extremities to keep the circulation going .
And the noise of howling wind and cracking ice was positively deafening .
When they would come to a lead ( an open channel of water between the ice ) , they would be forced to wait for the temperature to drop and a thin layer of ice to form .
Then they would carefully cross with their dogs and sledges , watching little cracks appear , barely able to breathe knowing the next step could plunge them through the ice and to a freezing death in the water .
Henson did take a dip once but was luckily pulled immediately out of the water .
As soon as he changed clothes , he was off on the march once more .
It takes a man of grit to face down these obstacles , but Henson had the right stuff .
Cultivate your drive .
Clearly , Arctic exploration was no picnic .
Just one of these grueling expeditions would sap most men ’s motivation to ever leave home again ; that Henson was able to overcome the pull of home and hearth not once but 7 separate times is a testament to his drive and resolve .
That resolve would be sorely tested time and time again , but probably no more so than on an expedition to reach the northeastern border of Greenland in 1895 .
When the team departed Anniversary Lodge , they had 3 sledges and thirty - seven dogs .
When they returned 3 months later , they had 1 sledge and 1 dog left .
Ragged , hungry , frozen , and exhausted , Henson described the harrowing experience as a “ long race with death . ”
It took him months to regain his health afterward .
When he left in a ship back to the States he resolutely vowed to never , ever again leave his “ happy home in warmer lands . ”
But when summer came around several months later , he was once more northward bound with Peary .
Of the many bright - eyed men who joined the expeditions with gusto only to quit halfway through , he said , “ I have seen too many enthusiastic starters , and I am sorry to say some of them did not finish well . ”
Not Henson .
He saw the quest through to the end and would not be deterred until the goal was attained .
Feed your body and your mind .
Henson understood that mental strength was just as important as physical strength when facing life ’s challenges .
Man can not live on pemmican alone .
When he was n’t working , he spent the long dark nights of the Arctic winter with his books .
On the voyage to Greenland and the initial stages of the expedition , he brought along books by Peary himself , Dicken ’s Bleak House , Kipling ’s Barrack Room Ballads , and the poems of Thomas Hood .
When supplies had to be reduced for the final push , he packed just the Bible in his sledge .
During the journey , Henson traded books with the other men and engaged in lively literary debates around the campfire .
Henson was also a religious journal keeper , making entries whenever time and conditions allowed .
Make yourself indispensable .
To the naysayers who criticized the inclusion of a black man on a Arctic expedition , Henson did n’t have to say a word ; he simply went to work .
Henson was an Arctic Renaissance man .
Booker T. Washington , a Henson admirer , summed it up well :
“ During the twenty - three years in which he was the companion of the explorer he not only had time and opportunity to perfect himself in his knowledge of the books , but he acquired a good practical knowledge of everything that was a necessary part of the daily life in the ice - bound wilderness of polar exploration .
He was at times a blacksmith , a carpenter , and a cook .
He was thoroughly acquainted with the life , customs , and the language of the Esquimos .
He himself built the sledges with which the journey to the Pole was successfully completed .
He could not merely drive a dog - team or skin a musk - ox with the skill of a native , but he was something of a navigator as well .
In this way Mr. Henson made himself not only the most trusted but the most useful member of the expedition . ”
In addition to the skills BTW mentions , can also be added Henson ’s talents in trading , hunting , dog - training , barbering , tailoring , and soldering .
He made repairs to the sledges every day , and when the ice shattered them into pieces , he could create a new working sledge from the remnants .
And he did it all while Arctic storms raged around him .
He taught himself these skills by carefully observing others and trying it out until he had it mastered .
In the 1920 issue of National Geographic , Admiral Donald B. MacMillan said , “ He was indispensable to Peary and of more real value than the combined services of all four White men . ”
This indispensability , coupled with manly grit and determination , guaranteed him a place on the expedition and in the history books .
Sources :
A Negro Explorer at the North Pole , the autobiography of Matthew Henson
Ninety Degrees North by Fergus Flemin
Thanks to the export of cheap products , like these Limited t- shirts being made in this factory in Lesotho , China has amassed some $ 2 trillion in foreign reserves .
To rebalance its economy and to fuel growth beyond light manufacturing , China plans to invest some of that cash abroad in industries ranging from finance to autos to semiconductors .
Bier Mail
Stay informed about events and specials happening at our Haus !
Former world number one tennis player Andre Agassi has confessed to using crystal methamphetamine during his career and lying to the Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) after testing positive .
Agassi's revelation features in his tell - all autobiography Open , which is set to be serialised in The Times .
The American recounts in the book the day he experimented with the drug in 1997 with an assistant , who he identifies only as Slim .
" Slim dumps a small pile of powder on the coffee table .
He cuts it , snorts it .
He cuts it again .
I snort some .
I ease back on the couch and consider the Rubicon I 've just crossed , " Agassi writes .
" There is a moment of regret , followed by vast sadness .
" Then comes a tidal wave of euphoria that sweeps away every negative thought in my head .
I 've never felt so alive , so hopeful - and I 've never felt such energy . "
The now 39 - year - old goes on to say he received a call from an ATP doctor informing him he had failed a drugs test and under the game 's laws for recreational drug use , Agassi could be facing a three - month suspension .
Agassi then admits to fabricating a story to the ATP in which he said he accidentally drank from one of his assistant 's drinks spiked with the drug .
" My name , my career , everything is now on the line .
Whatever I 've achieved , whatever I 've worked for , might soon mean nothing , " Agassi writes .
" Days later I sit in a hard - backed chair , a legal pad in my lap , and write a letter to the ATP .
It 's filled with lies interwoven with bits of truth .
" I say Slim , whom I 've since fired , is a known drug user , and that he often spikes his sodas with meth - which is true .
" Then I come to the central lie of the letter .
I say that recently I drank accidentally from one of Slim 's spiked sodas , unwittingly ingesting his drugs .
" I ask for understanding and leniency and hastily sign it : Sincerely .
" I feel ashamed , of course .
I promise myself that this lie is the end of it . "
Possession of crystal meth carries a five - year jail sentence in the United States .
Agassi , who retired from tennis in 2006 , won eight grand slams during his illustrious career , including four Australian Opens and gold in the men 's singles at the Atlanta Olympics .
People magazine 's website reports that Agassi says in his book he is not worried about the impact of his admissions on his fans .
" I was worried for a moment , but not for long , " he writes .
" I wore my heart on my sleeve and my emotions were always written on my face .
I was actually excited about telling the world the whole story . "
Tennis commentator Craig Gabriel says hs is not totally surprised by the revelations .
Gabriel says Agassi failed to win a single tournament in 1997 and struggled on tour .
" He really disappeared off the face of the earth as far as tennis was concerned , so that in one sense I 'm not surprised at , " he said .
" But overall I guess it is a bit of a shock to hear somebody as prominent as an Andre Agassi admitting to something like this . "
Veteran actor Peter Fonda is clearing up long - standing rumors about drug use on the set of the 1969 classic , " Easy Rider . "
In the memorable campfire scene where Jack Nicholson 's character tries pot for the first time , Fonda confirms he was smoking " real pot " with co-stars Nicholson and Dennis Hopper .
There was marijuana on set , but Fonda says not to believe the rumors about LSD .
" We did not take LSD , no matter what the rumors say , " Fonda explains .
" You can't make a movie when you 're ripped like that . "
In the drug deal scene , Fonda says they used powdered sugar .
" Man that stuff burned , " he recalls .
Fonda also confirmed the rumor about Jack Nicholson quitting acting in the 1960s .
For years the rumors have been swirling about the Oscar winner and Fonda says , " Prior to ' Easy Rider , ' he had quit .
He was producing and writing . "
" Extra 's " interview with Fonda airs Friday -- and " Easy Rider " is on blu - ray now !
File this under things you never thought you 'd see -- Fox anchor Shep Smith destroying Republican Senator John Barasso on the public option .
One of the many money quotes :
SMITH : What more than 60 percent of Americans say they support is a public option .
This has been an enormous win for the health care industry .
That is an unquestioned fact , but I wonder , what happens to the American people when we come out with legislation now which requires everyone to have health care insurance -- or many more people -- but does not give a public option ?
Therefore millions more people will have to buy insurance from the very corporations that are overcharging us , and whose profits have gone up 350 percent in the last ten years .
It seems like we the people are the ones getting the shaft here .
Shep Smith might be Fox 's most reasonable host , but that does n't make him a liberal .
He 's still a Republican - leaning type of guy , and the fact that he sees the value of a public option illustrates just how sensible and mainstream an idea it is .
The US District Court of Eastern Texas has granted an injunction to prevent Microsoft from selling copies of Word because it infringes a patent owned by another company .
The long - running court case was brought by Canadian software firm i4 i which won $ 200 m in damages from Microsoft when a jury found it had willfully infringed a patent relating to XML custom formatting .
In yesterday 's order Judge Leonard Davis told Microsoft to pay $ 40 m for the willful infringement , $ 37 m in prejudgement interest and $ 21,102 per day till final judgement is reached .
The court also ordered Microsoft to hand over $ 144,060 a day until the date of final judgement of damages .
Until that point Microsoft is banned from selling or importing into the US any Word products which can open .XML , .DOCX , or DOCM files containing custom XML .
Microsoft has 60 days to comply with the injunction , according to this release from lawyers McCool Smith .
i4i , based in Toronto , Canada , owns U.S. Patent No. 5,787,449 .
The original $ 200 m payment was considered by the court to be a reasonable royalty .
We 're still waiting to hear back from Microsoft UK but US reports suggest an appeal is under consideration . ®
Toxic law on behalf of toxic corporations
An unprecedented attempt by a British oil trading firm to prevent the Guardian reporting parliamentary proceedings collapsed today following a spontaneous online campaign to spread the information the paper had been barred from publishing .
Carter - Ruck , the law firm representing Trafigura , was accused of infringing the supremacy of parliament after it insisted that an injunction obtained against the Guardian prevented the paper from reporting a question tabled on Monday by the Labour MP Paul Farrelly …
In today ’s edition , the Guardian was prevented from identifying Farrelly , reporting the nature of his question , where the question could be found , which company had sought the gag , or even which order was constraining its coverage .
Having a lifetime of experience with the absence of freedom in lands which perpetually pat themselves on the back – for being free – I did n’t pay much attention to the earlier article .
But overnight numerous users of the social networking site Twitter posted details of Farrelly ’s question and by this morning the full text had been published on two prominent blogs as well as in the magazine Private Eye .
Carter - Ruck withdrew its gagging attempt by lunchtime , shortly before a 2 pm high court hearing at which the Guardian was about to challenge its stance , with the backing of other national newspapers …
The Commons question reveals that Trafigura has obtained a hitherto secret injunction , known as a “ super - injunction ” , to prevent disclosures about toxic oil waste it arranged to be dumped in west Africa in 2006 , making thousands of people ill …
The use of “ super - injunctions ” , under which commercial corporations claim the right to keep secret the fact that they have been to court , has been growing .
Anonymity is also increasingly being granted to individual litigants …
“ It also fails to protect whistleblowers acting in the public interest .
The huge legal bills involved in fighting cases , too , have a chilling effect on legitimate investigative journalism .
Do n’t snigger too hard at the Brits , BTW .
Remember the Bush - Cheney mafia originally included a section in the Patriot Act forbidding librarians to say they had been questioned by Homeland Insecurity over what their patrons read .
It took folks a couple of years to overcome that portion of crap law .
Today , folks , a 28 - page FBI interview summary was released to the watchdog group , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington .
According to AP reporter Pete Yost :
Vice President Dick Cheney told the FBI he had no idea who leaked to the news media that Valerie Plame , wife of a Bush administration critic , worked for the CIA .
This is just too delicious - sorry to be stealing the story from the eeevul Huffington Post , but , hey ...
In the interview whose participants included federal prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald , Cheney told agents that he did not recall having a conversation about either Plame or her husband with Bush .
The vice president said he probably discussed Wilson with Bush 's top political adviser , Karl Rove , but told the FBI he would not have talked to Rove about Wilson 's wife .
Oh please oh please let this be the beginning of justice being served to this horrible man !
Here 's a schnib more from the article :
Cheney 's denials that he talked about Plame are among the few things in the lengthy interview with the FBI that Cheney appeared certain about .
He repeatedly said he could not recall key events .
Among them , he said he did not recall discussing Wilson 's wife with Libby before her CIA employment was publicly revealed by conservative columnist Robert Novak in mid-July 2003 .
Sorry for the ill - crafted diary , but it seemed too important not to share .
Cheers .
Here 's the link to the article :
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
UPDATE : a link to the story in the Washington Post ( h/t Phil S 33 ) :
http://www.washingtonpost.com/...
h/t Big Tex for the Monopoly Chance card image .
Raw Story 's Muriel Kane has this take ( from 10 pm last night ) :
http://rawstory.com/...
Erlang / OTP Master 's Theses
This page contains Master 's
Theses that relate or refer to Erlang / OTP .
Please see also the Erlang User Conferences or the ACM SIGPLAN Erlang Workshops .
Master 's
Theses
The Managed Resource Interface : Interfacing Erlang with Standardized Management Protocols .
Francesco Cesarini .
UU / CSD , 2001 - 10 - 28 .
Concurrent Functional Programming for Telecommunications : A Case Study of Technology Introduction .
Bjarne Däcker .
Royal Institute of Technology , Stockholm 2000 .
Symbolic Program Execution using the Erlang Verification Tool .
Clara Benac - Earle .
UU / CSD , 2000 .
Integration of Erlang and TelORB .
Raimo Niskanen .
KTH , 2000 .
Enhancing Security in Distributed Erlang by Integrating Access Control .
Rickard Green .
KTH , 2000 .
Secure Distributed Communication in SafeErlang .
Bertil Karlsson .
KTH , 2000 .
A General Protocol Stack Interface in Erlang .
Peter Andersson and Markus Kvisth .
UU / CSD , 2000 .
Design Guidelines for Erlang .
Johanna Isaksson and Elinor Sturesson .
CTH and RMIT , 1999 .
How to Measure Reliability in an Erlang System .
Hans Danielsson and Kent Olsson .
LTH and RMIT , 1999 .
Robust transaction service for distributed control systems .
Niclas Eklund
UU / CSD , 1998 .
How to Measure Reliability in an Erlang System .
Hans Danielsson and Kent Olsson .
LTH / DCS , 1998 .
A Parallel and Multi - threaded Erlang Implementation .
Pekka Hedqvist .
UU / CSD , 1998 .
SQL Compiler For the Mnesia DBMS .
Ronny Andersson .
CTH , 1998 .
Process Placement in Distributed Multiprocessor Systems : An Invstigation Using Erlang .
Michael Dwyer .
RMIT University , 1998 .
Java RMI Interface to Erlang , Implementation och Utvärdering .
Babbis Xagorarakis .
UU / CSD , 1997 .
Towards a Deadlock Analysis for Erlang Programs .
Richard Carlsson .
UU / CSD , 1997 .
Safe Erlang .
Gustaf Naeser .
UU / CSD , 1997 .
A Specification Language for Intelligent Agents .
Niklas Kaltea .
UU / CSD , 1996 .
Industriella Erfarenheter av Erlang .
Johan Carleson .
LiTH / IDA , 1996 .
Implementation of an Object - Oriented DBMS Using the Erlang Programming Language .
Jian - Liang Cai .
RMIT , 1996 .
Yearl - A Literate Documenting Tool and a Program Development Environment for Erlang .
Kristina Sirhuber .
UU / DoCS , 1996 .
A GUI Builder for Erlang / GS .
Peter Molin and Fredrik Ström .
UU / CSD , 1996 .
A Prototype of a Soft Type System for Erlang .
Anders Lindgren .
UU / CSD , 1996 .
Native Code Compilation for Erlang .
Erik Johansson and Christer Jonsson .
UU / CSD , 1996 .
A Framework for SNMPv2 in Erlang .
Martin Björklund and Klas Eriksson .
KTH / NADA , 1995 .
Parallel Erlang .
Kent Engström .
LiTH / IDA , 1995 .
Process - based Simulation of Interactive Agents in a Dynamic Terrain .
Samuel Tronje .
UU / CSD , 1995 .
An Extension of Erlang with Finite Domain Constraints .
Greger Ottosson .
UU / CSD , 1995 .
Comparing Erlang and SDL / SDT for Software Development .
Martin Wikborg .
UU / DoCS , 1995 .
En Undersökning av två Deklarativa Programspråk .
Johan Agat and Lennart Dahlström .
CTH / IDV , 1995 .
A Comparison between Erlang and C++ for Implementation of Telecom Applications .
Tomas Aronsson and Johan Grafström .
LiTH / IDA , 1995 .
Gateway between Packet and Switched Networks for Speech Communication .
Li Wei .
KTH / EIT , 1994 .
The Connection Model Implemented in Erlang .
Lars Björup .
LiTH / IDA , 1994 .
Q.93B Test Tool .
Johan Thureson .
KTH / EIT , 1994 .
Erlang Port to the Parsytec MIMD Parallel Platform .
Beshar Zudhy .
LiTH / IDA , 1994 .
Discrete Event Simulation in Erlang .
Andreas Ermedahl .
UU / CSD , 1994 .
Design and Implementation of ET - 155 Device Processor Software .
Ali Imitiaz Shah .
KTH / EIT , 1994 .
Hantering av Telefonisystem med Hjälp av Erlang .
Jan -Erik Thomasson .
KTH / NADA , 1994 .
An Erlang Interface to SQL .
Tobias Lindgren .
LiTH / IDA , 1994 .
A Graphical User Interface for Erlang .
Anders Frank and Ola Samuelsson .
UU / CSD , 1994 .
An Object Oriented Call Model ( OOCM ) .
Joakim Grebenö and Niklas Hanberger .
UU / DoCS , 1993 .
Distributed Telephony with Erlang .
Magnus Höglund .
LiTH / IDA , 1993 .
Framprovocering av fel i programkod .
Lennart Öhman .
UU / DoCS , 1992 .
SUN Controlled Telephone .
Anders Dahlin and Peter Jansson .
UU / DoCS , 1992 .
Demonstrationssystem för Telefoni Implementerat i Erlang .
Klas Mikaelsson and Henrik Forsgren .
UU / DoCS , 1992 .
Direktledningssignalsystem för en MD 110 växel .
Patric Jansson and Björn Axelsson .
UU / DoCS , 1992 .
Testmiljö för Accessignalering .
Björn Bergqvist .
KTH / EIT , 1992 .
Automatic Code Generation from Sequence Charts .
Adam Aquilon .
KTH / EIT , 1991 .
Sequence Chart Editor .
Rudolf Hersén .
KTH / EIT , 1991 .
Intelligent Network .
Jörgen Bergstedt and Thomas Persson .
Tekniska Högskolan , Luleå , 1991 .
Erlang och Realtidskontrollerad Järnväg .
P - A Eriksson and J Tjernlund .
Tekniska Högskolan , Luleå , 1990 .
Distributed Real Time Databases .
Martin Sköld .
LiTH / IDA , 1990 .
In this writing I will have to refrain from obligatory political correctness .
After all , who sets the standard for this correctness .
It is with the disdain that I must lay blame to those whom seem to have all the answers .
For it is their opinion that I am but a lowly peasant , and thus being unable to make such decisions .
History has been made , and will assuredly be detrimental to the United States of America .
If it can called such , as the name may be deemed internationally defunct .
Our very own President has taken it upon his own accord to relinquish the “ sovereignty ” of our great nation .
Without mandate from the “ citizens ' sovereign ” he saw to the minimizing of the lone superpower .
Where are we to find solace in this Obama - mandated suppression .
I have to wonder what he has received in return for his acceptance of the “ One World Order ” .
Has he set a recurring precedence of Presidents to be that of vassals to the Secretary - General of the United Nations .
What purpose would he have to impose our nation to the status of a mere “ nation - state “ .
The arrogance of such actions cannot be allowed to go uncalled .
The seditious opining of our President can only be summed to be that of aberrance ( straying from the right or normal way ) .
The term seditious is stated in reference to his ( Obama ) inciting resistance of lawful authority ( that being the Constitution 's reverence to that of the “ people “ ) .
His subversive orating has some wondering how he could abandon the very nation that has appointed him to the highest office .
His abandonment can only be seen as a forewarning of what he has in store for the rest of his tenure .
The very thought of his relinquishing our authority , without mandate , has sickened me .
At times he was humble in his speaking of America .
While at other times he was unmistakably defiant of our very existence .
In his arrogance he said , “ The world must stand together to demonstrate that international law is not an empty promise . ”
Seemingly , the statement rings of the reigning authority of the UN over that of the United States .
In his banter he has possibly shown cause for his own political demise .
“ They will not long tolerate those who are on the wrong side of history , ” he said .
Yes , Mr. Obama , we will not tolerate such degradation of our Constitution .
Is it truly “ America 's ” interests or that of arrogance ?
Who will judge the sides of history ?
Perhaps one of your minions .
Surely , there is a history scholar among your vast advisory council .
It must be stated that you are not the first to thwart our constitutional founding .
Though you may have awakened the “ Citizen “ .
This ideology of “ Internationalism ” is not new to our recent history .
Woodrow Wilson , 28th President , had idealism referred to as “ Wilsonianism ” .
This idealism can be realized through his articulation of “ The Fourteen Points ” to Congress in 1918 .
These points brought an ever - encroaching international realm to the forefront of intrigue .
Under his tenure , the Federal Government controlled all aspects of life in America .
The Federal Reserve was his compromise via Democrats and Republicans , and exists today as it did at its founding .
I will say no more on that matter .
Under the recent Administration “ headship ” of G. W. Bush , such actions were undertaken to forestall the rights and liberties granted under constitutional authority .
The Patriot Act allowed for the demise of protections of interference by government agencies in the name of national security .
Need I say more ?
President Obama is only the most recent in a long line of authoritarian “ elitists ” to abandon the Constitution , and their duties , as well .
He will most certainly be blamed for all the atrocities .
Yet , that is the burden of the presiding authority .
Let him stand and be accountable for his actions .
He said it himself , “ the people will not tolerate those on the wrong side of history . ”
President Obama , I ask you to honor your duties , and refrain from disenfranchising our national sovereignty .
“ REFORM , REFORM , REFORM ! ”
It is one of the great mysteries that has baffled explorers , archaeologists and anthropologists alike – what was the meaning of the giant Easter Island statues and what role did they play in the demise of this once - complex civilisation ?
But since the first non-islanders arrived in the remote archipelago half a millennium ago , another equally profound question has niggled away at the backs of their minds : where did they get those hats ?
Now British experts , the first to work on the island since the legendary Edwardian archaeologist Katherine Routledge , believe they are a step closer to resolving the puzzle of the huge red boulders which sit astride the massive monolithic heads in the world 's most remote inhabited place .
Dr Colin Richards from the University of Manchester and Dr Sue Hamilton from University College London have discovered the existence of a road used to transport the outcrops of volcanic rock leading to a previously unstudied " sacred " quarry where the material was mined .
They have also found an axe believed to have been left at the quarry as an offering confirming the site 's quasi-religious meaning to the ancient Polynesians .
Dr Hamilton believes the " hats " may have represented a plait or top knot worn by the elite chieftains , who were engaged in a bitter struggle for prestige and power , which was symbolised by the building of ever - taller statues known as moai created in memory of their ancestors .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But while more than 1,000 statues have been found on the island only 70 - 75 hats have been discovered , suggesting the headgear was an added symbol of power – and perhaps even an early example of Pacific " bling " .
As well as weighing several tons the " hats " are carved from a crater full of red scoria , a volcanic pumice whose colour symbolises high birth and status .
They may have been later additions to existing statues to boost them beyond their rivals .
" Chieftain society was highly competitive and it has been suggested that they were competing so much that they over - ran their resources , " said Dr Hamilton .
It is believed these elite leaders mobilised vast teams of workers to harvest the rock , which was then transported several miles on rolling tree trunks to the three - storey high statues , which were placed on special platforms to enhance their position of grandeur .
Dr Hamilton said : ' The quarry is in a secret place which is invisible from other parts of the island and the noise of production would have been contained by the crater .
These people lived in a successful and well - organised society – the Easter Island of 500 years ago was a managed living environment . "
The academics , who will spend a month each year for the next five years investigating their findings , which include an obsidian adze – a seven - inch axe - like tool which was used for squaring up logs or hollowing out timber – believe the first " hats " appeared between 1200 and 1300 .
This coincided with a dramatic increase in the size of the statues across the island .
Situated some 2,500 miles off the coast of Chile , Easter Island , known to its indigenous people as Rapa Nui , has long been a magnet for adventurers .
Katherine Routledge arrived in 1914 with her husband William as part of a pioneering British expedition to map the famous statues .
With the help of a local man they excavated 30 figures and recorded the island 's unique legends and oral histories .
The exact cause of the dramatic decline of Easter Island , named by a Dutch explorer in 1722 , is hotly debated but is agreed that it was brought on by a dramatic crisis possibly as a result of resource depletion , war or disease .
It was annexed by Chile in 1888 and in the 1960s was pressed into service by NASA as an emergency landing site for its space shuttles .
Today Easter Island is a magnet for 20,000 eco tourists who are in danger of swamping the 3,500 native Rapanuins .
But scientists working there are battling to keep the indigenous traditions alive .
Each major excavation by the British team has been accompanied by a traditional " umu " ceremony with locals dressing up in white feathers and building ovens out of hot stones to offer cooked offerings to placate the island 's spirits .
" We are excavating a living culture so we have to be very careful .
There are very strict rules about what we can and cannot do and we have to respect them , " said Dr Hamilton .
Dr Richards added : " It is clear that the quarry had a sacred context as well as an industrial one .
The Polynesians saw the landscape as a living thing and after they carved the rock the spirits entered the statues . "
Some offices were saved , but the other side of building was completely gutted
Ghana 's Foreign Ministry building has been largely destroyed in a fire police suspect was started deliberately .
Officials said no - one had been killed or injured in the blaze , which raged after working hours on Wednesday .
Police arrested three people who were near the building , in the capital Accra , when the fire started .
It is thought a number of important historical documents dating back to Ghana 's independence in 1957 were lost in the fire .
The BBC's David Amanor , in Accra , says the twisted metal and blackened concrete pillars of the building were still smouldering early on Thursday .
He said it was the third fire at a ministry this year .
Firefighters are being criticised for their response to the blaze .
Our correspondent says their ladders were too short - so they could reach only the third floor of the building .
Witnesses told the French AFP news agency that crews took more than an hour to arrive at the scene because of the evening traffic jams .
President John Atta Mills visited the site of the ministry on Thursday and expressed thanks that no life was lost .
" I have directed that the committee be formed to investigate the causes of this disaster , " he said .
He defended the fire service and said he was not interested in a witch hunt .
Police chief Rose Bio-Atenga said arson was suspected , but did not speculate on any possible motives .
" There are so many theories that are flying all over , and we welcome all manner of information from the general public , " she said .
The US State Department has announced today that it has asked Blackwater , which was banned by the Iraqi government earlier this year , to continue its operations in Iraq because the contractors for its replacement Dyncorp were n’t ready to take over .
Blackwater contractors were implicated in charges of “ improper conduct ” related to their 2007 massacre of 17 civilians in Baghdad , leading to considerable outrage over their continued presence by the Iraqi government , which was finally able to ban them outright in January .
Despite the ban , the group has been operating without a license in Iraq on behalf of the State Department since then , though the Iraqi government has been impatient with the delay , it has ruled out a long term presence amid reports that the State Department had made arrangements for a replacement .
But now that replacement says that equipment shortages are keeping it from being able to do the job , leaving the infamous group , which has since changed its name to Xe in an attempt to rebrand itself as something other than a band of brutal mercenaries who play fast and loose with the rules of engagement , filling the role for an unknown period of time .
It seems even a formal ban could n’t get rid of the organization .
Michel Platini is adamant it will work , David Moyes has concerns , Petr Cech thinks it a waste of time and Hugh Dallas , a member of Uefa 's referee panel , says the latest attempt from European football 's governing body to eradicate the crimes and misdemeanours of the penalty area will utilise the " human camera " .
During Fulham , Celtic and Everton 's opening Uefa Europa League group games tomorrow night , for the first time in senior matches , there will be an extra man in black situated on each goalline .
This , Uefa hopes , will allow more decisions to be correctly judged , especially those in which skulduggery may be afoot .
A recent illustration of what concerns Platini , the Uefa president , is the brouhaha over Eduardo da Silva 's " fall " against Celtic in August during the second leg of the Champions League knockout tie .
Widespread vilification of the striker was followed by a two - match Uefa ban , before the governing body 's appeal panel decided , actually , that the video evidence which had condemned Eduardo was inconclusive .
Yet how much more definitive will two more pair of eyes be , even from their vantage position , patrolling the goalline from the opposite side to the current assistant referees ?
" Some people have said we should simply introduce goalline technology , like they have in tennis , " says Dallas , who helped organise the first trials for Uefa in Under - 19 European Championship qualifying ties .
" However , while that works perfectly well for that sport , it would n't be as useful for football because the ball is in the air as often as it is on the ground when contentious issues arise .
" The referees behind the goal are n't there as a replacement for goalline technology : rather , they 'll operate as a human camera .
During a normal match , when a forward and a defender run into the 18 - yard box together the referee will be behind them .
Now he will have a colleague who can view any resulting challenge head - on .
From the initial trials the presence of the extra officials also acts as a deterrent to pushing and shoving at corners and free - kicks . "
Moyes , the Everton manager , believes there could be a " raft of penalties " because clubs have not been briefed as to how the new officials will be used .
" We know if you pull a jersey in the box it's a risk but you might find they 're giving every single thing and we 've not had any directive except to say where they 're going to stand and what they 're going to do , " Moyes said .
" We think we should have had a clear briefing but think they 're not too sure how it 's going to work themselves .
They want to get more decisions right and this is one way of trying to do it .
I 'm not sure if two people behind the goal is the correct answer but we have to support it if they want to get more decisions right . "
Cech has no doubt the experiment , which if successful could be introduced for the Euro 2012 qualifiers , will not work .
" For me if there is a really strong shot which bounces quickly the referee can stay wherever he wants but he still has no chance to see it , " the Chelsea and Czech Republic keeper says .
" The human eye can not replace technology . "
Might , then , more opinions actually confuse the issue ?
" Yeah .
And the new rule is the ball has to be 100 % over the line .
How can you judge that ?
You do n't know if three millimetres of the ball or half a centimetre was not behind the goalline . "
Would technology be better ?
" Of course . "
Speak to those at the highest level of Uefa , though , and there is a conviction that employing television replays would actually be detrimental .
" We are firmly of the opinion that video refereeing would not make the game fairer , " one executive insisted .
" Our president worked for television for a long time and he knows what you see sometimes in slow motion does n't give at all the right reproduction of reality .
" Contact may look much worse or much better than it actually was because you take out the dynamics of the action .
He is of the firm opinion that video refereeing would be a regression not progress . "
With the rapid change in available technology would Uefa ever consider using it ?
" It would be silly to say never .
What happens 20 , 50 years from now , who knows ? "
The executive gives little credence to the theory that two extra voices may confuse the referee .
" No .
Because that additional assistant referee wo n't be making decisions .
He 'll just be communicating with the referee through his mouth - piece .
It will be up to the central referee , as always , to make the decision .
He will be very well placed to see action in the goal area as he will be in front of players . "
Is there a concern that extra officials creates two more people to blame when a decision , inevitably , is judged wrongly ?
" He 'll be talking to the referee .
Nobody will know who actually pointed to the problem .
People see it on television from five different angles so it's a bit unfair for the referee only to see it from one . "
Based in Albuquerque , New Mexico , the Law Office of Matthew Vance , P.C. , is a law firm committed to fighting for real people hurt or harmed by the careless or reckless conduct of others .
It takes just a few seconds for an accident or incident to happen , but it can take years for a victim to recover from the physical and emotional harm suffered due to someone else ’s careless or reckless conduct .
A tragic sudden death or catastrophic injuries , such as spinal cord damage or brain trauma , can result from avoidable accidents caused by negligence , such as car , truck , and other motor vehicle collisions .
When those collisions involve commercial vehicles – semi-trucks or “ big rigs ” – the sheer size of those commercial vehicles can turn a minor crash into a major crash with serious injuries .
If you or a loved one has been involved in any vehicle accident , car crash , or other incident , Albuquerque personal injury lawyer Matthew Vance is ready to help you .
You have been injured in a car accident , a trucking accident , or hurt because of the careless or reckless conduct of someone else .
Perhaps some fool driving another car or a bully in a big rig just smashed your car to bits , hurting you , your friends , or your family .
What seemed like just another day , filled with plans and expectations , turned into a bizarre nightmare .
How could this happen ?
Why you ?
Now you are without your car .
You ca n’t get to the places you are supposed to go .
There are bills for medical care ; bills for the ambulance , bills for the Emergency Room visit , bills for the doctor at the Emergency Room , bills , bills , bills .
You never planned on these bills ; you never budgeted for them .
They could break you .
You need compensation for your losses but the insurance company is n't being fair .
The insurance adjuster for the other person does n’t seem to care , never calls you back , denies their insured did anything wrong , or is offering you next to nothing for all those bills and what you went through .
This ca n’t be fair .
This ca n’t be right .
The insurance companies have trained adjusters and defense lawyers that know the process and civil legal system .
They 've been specially trained to do their jobs .
Unfortunately you can expect them to work against you , attempting to use the claims handling process and the legal system against you .
Baitullah Mehsud has been blamed for a series of suicide attacks in Pakistan
The chief spokesman for the Taliban in Pakistan , who was arrested on Monday , has confirmed that the group 's leader is dead , Pakistani officials have said .
A minister from North West Frontier Province said Maulvi Omar had stated that Baitullah Mehsud was killed in a US drone attack earlier this month .
The Taliban had previously denied US and Pakistani reports that he was dead .
Maulvi Omar was arrested in the Mohmand tribal area while travelling to South Waziristan , near the Afghan border .
Mr Omar was the second prominent Taliban figure to be arrested in 24 hours .
We will catch them all .
All Taliban will have to face the same fate
Mian Iftikhar Hussain , North West Frontier Province minister Qari Saifullah , a commander affiliated to Harkat Jihad - e - Islami , was detained while being treated at a private hospital in Islamabad , officials said , reportedly after being wounded in a missile strike .
Both men are still being questioned about their possible roles in militant attacks in Afghanistan and Pakistan , police said .
Meanwhile , three paramilitary troops were killed and another three injured in a suicide bomb attack on a Frontier Corps checkpoint outside the town of Miran Shah in North Waziristan , officials said .
Interrogation Maulvi Omar was captured along with two associates in the village of Khawazeo in Mohmand on Monday night .
Local tribal elders reportedly assisted the security forces .
Mr Omar comes from Bajaur , a tribal area in the North West where the Taliban established themselves early on .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
He was the official spokesman for Tehrik - e - Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) , an umbrella organisation of regional and tribal - based Pakistani militant groups , and is said to have been a senior aide of Baitullah Mehsud .
Correspondents say his arrest is significant because Mr Omar had been acting as a liaison between the various Taliban groups and was a key figure in the Taliban 's propaganda campaigns .
After his arrest , he was questioned by intelligence officials .
" Maulvi Omar has confirmed the death of Baitullah during interrogation , " North West Frontier Province 's Information Minister Mian Iftikhar Hussain told AFP news agency .
" We will catch them all .
All Taliban will have to face the same fate , " he added .
Maulvi Omar was photographed in detention in Peshawar Pakistani and US officials have said that Mehsud was killed - along with one of his wives - in a US missile strike on his father - in - law 's house in the Zangarha area , north - east of Ladha , on 5 August .
Two days ' later , a shoot - out broke out between Mehsud 's potential successors in Waziristan in which one of them was killed , they say .
Despite both sides ' declarations , there has been no proof from the Taliban that Mehsud is alive or from the government that he is dead .
Believed to command as many as 20,000 pro-Taliban militants , Mehsud came to worldwide attention in the aftermath of the 2007 Red Mosque siege in Islamabad - in which the security forces confronted and forcibly ejected militant students loyal to him .
He has been blamed by both Pakistan and the US for a series of suicide bomb attacks in the country , as well as suicide attacks on Western forces across the border in Afghanistan .
The BBC's Aleem Maqbool in Islamabad says Pakistani ministers are confident the Taliban is under serious pressure and that its remaining leadership is in disarray .
But , our correspondent says , the militant infrastructure here has been built up over decades and the underlying problems which feed it - poverty and inequality - remain .
Are you in the area ?
How important is this development ?
Are you affected by the issues in this story ?
Send us your comments using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON --
The request for troops sent to President Barack Obama by the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan includes three different options , with the largest alternative including a request for more than 60,000 troops , according to a U.S. official familiar with the document .
Although the top option is more than the 40,000 soldiers previously understood to be the top troop total sought by Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. officer in Kabul , 40,000 remains the primary choice of senior military brass , including Gen. McChrystal , ...
NAGOYA , Japan ( Reuters Life ! ) - Stressed - out Japanese seeking to unwind are hopping to a restaurant that serves cuddly pet rabbits alongside , and not on , the menu .
The Usagi - to - Cafe in the central Japanese city of Nagoya features everything bunny : rabbit decor , rabbit - shaped toys and dishes molded to look like rabbits .
But it ’s the live animals in the room next to the restaurant that keep the patrons coming .
“ They are different from stuffed animals , as well as from dogs or cats .
They feel as fluffy as cotton and I feel so relaxed when I am cuddling them , ” said Hiromi Ono , a 25 - year - old businesswoman as she held a rabbit .
Cafes that offer animals are quite common in Japan , where strict housing regulations often ban pets .
But most of the cafes feature cats .
Unlike the more hygienic felines , the rabbits at Usagi - to - Cafe are set apart from diners , who pay a 900 yen ( about $ 10 ) cover charge and then 100 yen a minute to cuddle one of the 18 staff .
“ Bunnies here are taught to be amenable that you can pet and cuddle them as much as you want , and many customers like it , ” said rabbit aficionado Naoki Kurata , who set up the cafe about a year ago .
The restaurant also has a “ bring your own bunny ” policy , helping pet rabbits socialize .
( $ 1=92.63 Yen )
Advierte el ex presidente de M�xico que la brecha entre pa�ses ricos y pobres se agudizar� .
' Nos depara una econom�a de crecimiento lento y capital escaso '
Buenos Aires | Jueves 01 de octubre de 2009
EFE | El Universal
15:22
It 's now official :
The country has lost more jobs as a percentage of peak employment than any time since the Great Depression .
This includes the recessions of the early 1980s , even when they are combined .
Those looking for a v-shaped recovery keep insisting that jobs will come roaring right back , the way they did in the 1948 recession ( see the blue line in the chart from Calculated Risk below ) .
Anything 's possible , but this seems unlikely .
In 1948 , U.S. consumers were not still saddled with the massive debts that are stifling consumption today .
And consumers still represent 70 % + of spending .
The other interesting point with respect to the 1948 " V " is that we have now gone as many months from the peak as it took employment to recover in full in the 1948 recession .
And we 're still losing jobs .
Most importantly , regardless of what the jobs recovery eventually looks like , it has n't started yet .
The economy is still losing 250,000 + jobs a month .
The average workweek , which should be the first indicator to turn up , also fell in August to match its record low .
This would not seem to be consistent with a sustained , v-shaped recovery .
Calculated Risk :
UPDATE : Calculated Risk has published another version of this chart , one that shows the impact of estimated revisions to the jobs numbers .
It looks even worse .
Here 's CR 's explanation :
The dashed line is an estimate of the impact of the large benchmark revision ( 824 thousand more jobs lost ) .
The graph compares the job losses from the start of the employment recession in percentage terms ( as opposed to the number of jobs lost ) .
Instead of 7.2 million net jobs lost since December 2007 , the preliminary benchmark estimate suggests the U.S. has lost over 8.0 million net jobs during that period .
Keep reading at Calculated Risk >
See Also :
Another Reason We Wo n't Have A V- Shaped Recovery : Jobs
Why The V - Shaped Recovery Thesis Is Wrong
Will the real Kim Jong - il please stand up ?
A number of analysts here are convinced that not all the photos being released of North Korea 's leader , Kim Jong - il , are really photos of Kim Jong -il .
Instead , they say , a look - alike has been standing in for him on some of the 122 trips he 's reportedly made this year to the countryside , factories , cultural events , military units , and all sorts of other venues .
Some observers say the North Korean leader is too ill to make all these appearances .
One Japanese analyst claims President Clinton did n't meet with Kim Jong - il in August – he met with a Mr. Kim double .
The evidence of Kim stand - ins is far from verified , but several North Korean refugees here say that Kim has not one but several look - alikes playing his role .
Still , it 's logical that for security reasons , Kim has one or more stand -ins , as did former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein before the US invasion in 2003 .
One argument is that Kim has no time for all those trips outside Pyongyang while his health remains uncertain and he 's preparing his youngest son to take over as early as next year .
Ha Tae - young , president of Open Radio for North Korea , which broadcasts two hours a day via shortwave into North Korea , cites the word of one recent North Korean defector .
" He says he knows a girl whose father is the actor for Kim Jong - il , " says Mr. Ha .
" Recently Kim Jong - il loses fat .
He 's very skinny these days .
The defector says , If Kim Jong - il looks skinny , the actor can do the same thing . "
Some turn resemblance into acting career
Here in South Korea , there 's a booming business in Kim Jong - il look - alikes .
Dozens of people in recent years have portrayed Kim Jong - il in television comedy shows , nightclub routines , and serious movies and dramas .
After the inter -Korean summit of June 2000 , in which Kim Jong - il received South Korea President Kim Dae-jung in Pyongyang , the South Korean government discouraged such satires for fear of upsetting reconciliation with the North .
Still , from time to time South Koreans delight in appearing on TV flaunting the curly - haired bouffant hairstyle , platform shoes , and protruding stomach for which the Dear Leader was known before he disappeared from view for months after reportedly suffering a stroke in August 2008 .
The wave of public appearances reported by the North Korean propaganda machine since then to show he's in good health convinces some analysts that North Korean actors are portraying the Dear Leader , too – but in dead seriousness .
" That 's possible , " says Choi Jin-wook , senior fellow and specialist on North Korea at the Korea Institute of National Unification .
" These dictators always need look - alikes for security reasons .
Kim Jong - il is giving ' on - the - spot guidance ' too often for his health . "
Mr. Choi also says that North Korean photo editors are likely pasting in old pictures of Kim from previous times when he was in good health .
Did Clinton meet with look - alike ?
No one here , however , is ready to go as far as Japanese writer Toshimitsu Shigemura , who has written two books and numerous articles claiming that Kim has been seriously ill for the past decade and may even have died .
Mr. Shigemura says that if the real Kim , looking wan and weak , appeared before the Supreme People 's Assembly several days after North Korea fired a long - range missile on April 5 , then it must have been a look - alike who hosted former US President Bill Clinton in August .
" They were totally different people , " says Mr. Shigemura , a former correspondent for Mainichi Shimbun , a major Japanese newspaper , who now teaches international relations at Waseda University in Tokyo .
" In August , he looked very healthy . "
Shigemura suspects that a skilled actor delivered the lines to Mr. Clinton during their three - hour , 17 - minute meeting , which ended with Mr. Clinton flying back to the US with two journalists who had been held for 140 days .
Shigemura is equally convinced that an actor played Kim in recent meetings with China 's prime minister , Wen Jiabao , and the head of Hyundai Asan , the South Korean company responsible for developing special economic and tourist complexes in North Korea .
After the June 2000 summit , says Shigemura , Kim " was bedridden with diabetes " and " cannot walk by himself . "
He cites the names of three Japanese who claim to have met his look - alikes , including one who was told flatly , " I am a double . "
One of them , a magician named Princess Tenko , Shigemura describes as a " close friend " of Kim , saw him more than once in visits to Pyongyang .
Fully self - possessed
Some analysts here , however , have trouble with Shigemura 's analysis .
" There have been such rumors , " says Kim Tae - woo , a veteran North Korea specialist at the Korea Institute of Defense Analyses .
" Dictators usually do that , but we do n't know whether this is real or fake . "
The North Korean leader 's preoccupation these days , he says , is arranging the succession of his youngest son , Kim Jong - un , still in his late 20s .
Ryoo Kihl - jae , professor at the University of North Korean Studies , is dubious about such reports .
Kim Jong - il 's brother - in - law , Jang Song - taek , appears to be the most powerful figure after the Dear Leader , he says , " but his authority stems from Kim Jong - il " and two or three generals are vying for control .
For now , says Mr. Ryoo , Kim is " living well , " and the reports of a double standing in for him are " just imagination . "
Now that Manuel Zelaya has returned to Honduras , the coup government – after first denying that he was there – has unleashed a wave of repression to prevent people from gathering support for their elected president .
This is how US secretary of state Hillary Clinton described the first phase of this new repression Monday night in a press conference : " I think that the government imposed a curfew , we just learned , to try to get people off the streets so that there could n't be unforeseen developments . "
But the developments that this dictatorship is trying to repress are very much foreseen .
A completely peaceful crowd of thousands surrounded the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa , where Zelaya has taken refuge , to greet their president .
The military then used the curfew as an excuse to tear - gas , beat and arrest the crowd until there was nothing left .
There are reports of scores wounded and three dead .
The dictatorship has cut off electricity and water to the embassy and cut electricity to what little is left of the independent media , as well as some neighbourhoods .
This is how the dictatorship has been operating .
It has a very brutal but simple strategy .
The strategy goes like this : they control the national media , which has been deployed to convince about 30 - 40 % of the population that their elected president is an agent of a foreign government who seeks to turn the country into a socialist prison .
However , that still leaves the majority , who have managed to find access to other information .
The strategy for dealing with them has been to try to render them powerless – through thousands of arrests , beatings and even some selective killings .
This has been documented , reported and denounced by major human rights organisations throughout the world : Amnesty International , the Centre for Justice and International Law , Human Rights Watch , the Inter American Commission on Human Rights and others .
One important actor , the only major country to maintain an ambassador in Honduras throughout the dictatorship , has maintained a deafening silence about this repression : the US government .
The Obama administration has not uttered one word about the massive human rights violations in Honduras .
This silence by itself tells you all you need to know about what this administration has really been trying to accomplish in the nearly three months since the Honduran military squelched democracy .
The Obama team understands exactly how the coup government is maintaining its grip on power through violence and repression .
And Barack Obama , along with his secretary of state , has shown no intention of undermining this strategy .
In fact , Zelaya has been to Washington six times since he was overthrown , but not once did he get a meeting with Obama .
Why is that ?
Most likely because Obama does not want to send the " wrong " signal to the dictatorship , ie that the lip service that he has paid to Zelaya 's restoration should be taken seriously .
These signals are important , because the Honduran dictatorship is digging in its heels on the bet that they do n't have to take any pressure from Washington seriously .
They have billions of dollars of assets in the US , which could be frozen or seized .
But the dictatorship , for now , trusts that the Obama team is not going to do anything to hurt their allies .
Luz Mejias , the head of the Organisation of American States ' Inter - American Human Rights Commission , had a different view of the dictatorship 's curfew from that of Hillary Clinton .
She called it " a clear violation of human rights and legal norms " and said that those who ordered these measures should be charged under international criminal law .
What possible excuse can the military have for breaking up this peaceful gathering , or can Clinton have for supporting the army 's violence ?
There was no way that this crowd was a threat to the Brazilian embassy – quite the contrary .
If anything it was protecting the embassy .
That is one reason why the military attacked the crowd .
On 11 August , 16 members of the US Congress sent a letter to Obama urging him to " publicly denounce the use of violence and repression of peaceful protesters , the murder of peaceful political organisers and all forms of censorship and intimidation directed at media outlets . "
They are still waiting for an answer .
Some might recall what happened to Bill Clinton when his administration sent mixed signals to the dictatorship in Haiti in 1994 .
Clinton had called for the dictator Raul Cedras to step down so that the democratically elected president Jean - Bertrand Aristide could be restored .
But Cedras was convinced – partly because of contradictory statements from administration officials like Brian Latell of the CIA – that Clinton was not serious .
Even after Jimmy Carter , Colin Powell and then - senator Sam Nunn were sent to Haiti to try to persuade Cedras to leave before a promised US invasion , the dictator still did not believe it .
In September 1994 , Clinton sent 20,000 troops to topple the dictatorship and restore the elected president ( who ironically was overthrown again in 2004 , in a US - instigated coup ) .
By now , the coup government in Honduras has even less reason than the 1994 Haitian dictatorship to believe that the Obama team will do anything serious to remove it from power .
What a horrible , ugly message the Obama administration is sending to the democracies of Latin America , and to people who aspire to democracy everywhere .
Did 1918 Spanish Flu Deaths Result From Aspirin - Induced Scurvy ( Vitamin C Deficiency ) ?
by Bill Sardi
Recently by Bill Sardi : The American Flu Charade
The Daytona Beach News Journal cites the death of a 15 - year - old New Smyrna Beach high school student , a confirmed swine - flu victim .
The report says : “ This student struggled with medical conditions his entire life .
He was at higher risk for medical complications . ”
[ Daytona Beach News Journal , October 8 , 2009 ]
A Texas 8th - grader was diagnosed with the flu on Wednesday at the doctor ’s office and denied the anti-viral drug Tamiflu because she was n’t " high risk . "
Her mother was advised to continue monitoring her daughter whose condition worsened with " crackling sounds in her lungs . "
She was finally hospitalized on Saturday .
This otherwise healthy child succumbed to the flu by Sunday morning .
[ WFAA - TV 11 news Sept 30 , 2009 ]
The CDC also just released a report showing a striking mortality rate among pregnant women .
Among 100 pregnant women hospitalized due to influenza infection , 28 died .
This is an unprecedented 28 % mortality rate !
[ Washington Post October 2 , 2009 ]
There is no way to confirm this alarming report since it is not cited in a published report that can be examined .
A CDC transcript only says " 28 pregnant women have died . "
( Scare tactic by the CDC ? )
A published report does show 6 of 45 pregnant women infected with the pandemic H1N1 virus infection died during the period from April 15 to June 16 , 2009 .
[ Lancet 374 ; 451— 57 , 2009 ]
However , no data is provided that vaccination prevented the women who survived from a fatal consequence .
These reports are being released in the news media ’s effort to launch the nation ’s flu vaccination program , in hopes that more Americans will elect to undergo vaccination and flu- related deaths may be prevented .
While vaccination for the flu may avert flu symptoms or viral infection altogether , will vaccination actually prevent flu - related deaths ?
Maybe not .
What Americans are hearing from the Centers for Disease Control via the news media is that " Two - thirds of the U.S. children who have died of H1N1 complications had high - risk medical conditions , but another third were healthy before getting flu .
Most of the latter group probably died from co-illnesses : H1N1 and a bacterial infection working together , health officials said . "
[ Knox Tennessee News Nov. 8 , 2009 ]
Would the flu vaccine in fact prevent deaths in immune - compromised subjects ?
That can only be assumed .
In fact , it is inappropriate to administer the nasally - instilled " live " flu vaccine to subjects with weakened immunity .
Missing factor
There seems to be something missing in explanations why otherwise healthy and younger adults die from the flu .
Does a dark angel just come visit these kids that die and take them ?
Fearing a repeat of the 1918 Spanish flu , which resulted in millions of deaths worldwide , what could be done to avert a similar deadly pandemic now ?
Dr. Karen M. Starko MD provides us with some important clues .
She hypothesizes the high mortality rates due to the 1918 Spanish flu resulted from the over -use of aspirin .
The evidence Dr. Starko provides is compelling .
Physicians of the day were unaware that the recommended medication regimens ( 8.0 — 31.2 grams per day , or 8000 to 31,200 milligrams ) during that time period produce aspirin levels associated with hyperventilation ( 33 % ) and fluid accumulation in the lungs ( pulmonary edema 3 % ) of subjects .
Accumulation of fluid in the lungs was recently found in 46 % of 26 aspirin - intoxicated adults .
In lab experiments , aspirin increases lung fluid and impairs clearance of mucus .
In 1918 aspirin was recommend by the US Surgeon General , the US Navy , and the Journal of the American Medical Association just prior to the October death spike .
Bayer first introduced water - soluble aspirin tablets in 1900 .
Farbenfabriken
Bayer ’s worldwide distribution of aspirin had been accomplished in the same year as the flu pandemic .
Aspirin sales more than doubled from 1918 to 1920 .
The US Army camp with the highest mortality rate had ordered 100,000 aspirin tablets .
Young children were not given aspirin as widely as young adults , which may explain why the young had a lower mortality rate in the 1918 flu .
[ Clinical Infectious Diseases 2009 ; 49 : online Sept. 29 ]
The descriptions of flu-related , aspirin - induced lung disease by Dr. Starko are gripping .
She cites records of doctors describing aspirin lung as looking like " the lungs of the drowned . "
There were small hemorrhages in the lungs which appeared " dark and red and wet , dripping wet . "
Dr. Starko cites doctors who described " frothy , blood - tinged fluid " in the lungs of patients who had died during the 1918 flu outbreak .
There were also frank lung hemorrhages .
Dr. Starko goes on to describe aspirin - induced symptoms to include brain swelling , pinpoint red dots on the skin called petechiae , blue coloration of the skin and mucus membranes ( cyanosis ) , along with vomiting and nose bleeds .
These are not symptoms characteristic of the flu .
Another common finding among records of mortal flu cases in 1918 was brain swelling , called cerebral edema .
Cerebral edema also occurs with the use of aspirin and in Reye ’s syndrome .
[ Acta Neurologica Scandinavia Supplement 2007 ; 186:45 — 56 ]
This is exactly how a patient with severe vitamin C deficiency ( scurvy ) dies .
In scurvy capillaries are weak and red blood cells leak into surrounding tissues , like the brain , lungs and eyes , which was observed among the 1918 flu victims .
Yes , aspirin depletes the body of vitamin C. Aspirin is known as one of the most powerful drugs at depleting vitamin C in normally healthy individuals .
[ Journal Clinical Pharmacology 1973 ; 13 : 480 ]
Modern medicine appears to have overlooked this well - documented fact .
The volume of literature that confirms aspirin depletes vitamin C is extensive .
A study of rheumatoid arthritis patients is instructive .
Rheumatoid patients often exhibit low vitamin C blood levels .
In one early study the only rheumatoid patients with normal vitamin C levels were those taking vitamin supplements .
In this study , significantly low blood platelet levels were found only in those rheumatoid patients receiving high - dose aspirin — 12 or more tablets per day .
Poor blood clotting and low blood platelet levels , characteristic of scurvy , were also prevalent in this group .
[ Lancet 1971 May 8 ; 1(7706 ) :937—8 ]
A major drawback of aspirin therapy is that it may induce bleeding gastric ulcers .
When buffered ( alkalinized ) aspirin plus vitamin C is employed , there is a measurable reduction in microscopic bleeding in the gastric tract , better than buffering alone .
[ Alimentary Pharmacology Therapy 2004 Feb 1 ; 19(3) :367—74 ]
As aspirin - induced gastric bleeding may induce anemia or even death , it is odd modern medicine does not mandate incorporation of vitamin C into aspirin tablets .
Another way aspirin depletes vitamin C from the body is via excretion in the kidneys .
Vitamin C is a water - soluble nutrient that is readily excreted in the urine and which requires repeated oral intake throughout the day to maintain adequate levels .
Aspirin increases the excretion of vitamin C via the kidneys .
[ Proceedings Society Experimental Biology Medicine 1936 ; 35 : 20 ]
Vitamin C and white blood cells
Relying upon blood plasma levels of vitamin C among aspirin users to determine vitamin adequacy can be misleading .
In healthy individuals , blood plasma levels of vitamin C do rise when taking aspirin and supplemental vitamin C. Everything appears normal .
However , aspirin blocks the entry of vitamin C into white - blood cells , which goes unmeasured .
Vitamin C adequacy in the blood plasma serves to distract a physician from the dire state of vitamin C depletion in the white blood cells .
A shortage of vitamin C in white blood cells reduces their activity against viral attack .
[ Annals New York Academy Science 1975 Sept 30 ; 258 : 355—76 ]
In a decades - old study , the concentration of vitamin C in white blood cells was measured in patients with gastrointestinal hemorrhage .
The white - blood - cell vitamin C concentration was 14.2 micrograms per 108 cells versus 23.7 micrograms in healthy individuals .
Vitamin C concentration in white blood cells was found to be lowest among aspirin users in this study .
[ Lancet 1968 ; 292 ( 7568 ) ; 603—606 ]
In an experiment conducted among healthy adults , the acidity of acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) apparently aided the absorption of ascorbic acid ( vitamin C ) so that the combined administration of 600 mg of aspirin with 500 mg of vitamin C produced a greater increase in blood plasma vitamin C levels than with vitamin C alone , but the aspirin completely arrested uptake of vitamin C into white blood cells !
[ Annals New York Academy Science 1975 Sept 30 ; 258 : 355—76 ]
The flu and vitamin C deficiency
One explanation why the elderly are typically more prone to die of the flu may be that the concentration of vitamin C in blood plasma and white - blood cells progressively diminish during life , reaching minimal levels at the age of 60 .
[ Journal Vitamin Nutrition Research 1971 ; 41:258 ]
Furthermore , senior adults are more likely to be plagued with the aches and pains of old age and reach for an aspirin tablet more often than younger adults .
Additionally , older adults take more drugs , many which deplete vitamin C , such as tetracycline antibiotics , iron , estrogen replacement and steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs .
Cigarettes and alcohol are also vitamin C destroyers .
[ British Medical Journal 1975 ; 1 ( 5951 ) 208 ]
Concern over high mortality rates among pregnant women may be explained by a shortage of vitamin C. Vitamin C levels decrease during ovulation and during pregnancy .
[ Annals New York Academy Science 1975 Sept 30 ; 258 : 355—76 ]
In a more recent experiment , mice were genetically altered so they did not synthesize vitamin C in their liver as most other animals do ( guinea pigs , primates , and humans are an exception as they do n’t naturally produce vitamin C within the liver and must completely rely upon the diet for vitamin C ) .
These vitamin C - deficient mice were inoculated with influenza virus and experienced massive damage to their lungs compared to vitamin C - adequate mice .
Researchers concluded that supplemental " vitamin C is required for an adequate immune response and in limiting lung pathology after influenza virus infection . "
[ Journal Nutrition .
2006 Oct ; 136(10 ) :2611 —6 ]
Aspirin , influenza , Reye ’s syndrome link to vitamin C deficiency
Another flu / aspirin - related condition is Reye ’s syndrome .
Aspirin use by children during viral infections is not advised because this can result in a potentially fatal outcome .
Health authorities warn that aspirin is NOT to be used during episodes of fever - causing illness .
Reye ’s syndrome was first described by Dr. R. Douglas Reye of Australia in 1963 .
[ Lancet 1963 ; 2 : 749 — 52 ]
It is said the origin of Reye ’s syndrome is still unknown .
Reye ’s syndrome is often misdiagnosed and it can occur without the use of aspirin .
[ Archives Pediatrics 2002 Jun ; 9( 6) :581—6 ]
In light of what has been learned here , this suggests an underlying vitamin C deficiency may be involved in unexplained cases of Reye ’s syndrome .
While Dr. Reye ’s receives credit for his description of this aspirin - related syndrome in more recent times , descriptions of similar syndromes date back to 1929 in the medical literature .
Sadly , modern medicine has missed the vitamin C connection to this syndrome for decades .
Reye ’s syndrome was killing a lot of children , with mortality rates ranging from 17.8 % to 89.6 % depending upon severity , up until the early 1980s when health advisories warned of this aspirin - related problem .
An analysis of 1134 Reye ’s syndrome cases revealed an alarming 31.3 % overall mortality rate .
Beginning in 1986 the labels on aspirin bottles warned of this problem and the number of Reye ’s cases dropped considerably .
[ New England Journal Medicine 1999 May 6 ; 340( 18) :1377 — 82 ]
Bird flu mortality and Reye ’s syndrome
The deadly H5N1 avian flu virus is reported to have a 60 % mortality rate ( 6 in 10 infected die ) , but fortunately has poor human - to - human transmission .
It is interesting to note that the very first confirmed death from H5N1 involved a 3 - year - old boy with good past health who developed pneumonia with accompanying complications of Reye ’s syndrome .
[ Journal Paediatric Child Health .
1999 April ; 35 ( 2):207—9 ]
Inquiry of the child ’s use of aspirin or supplemental vitamin C was not recorded , nor was blood sample drawn to obtain a vitamin C level .
Another study involving the first confirmed H5N1 influenza diagnoses was comprised of 7 patients over the age of 13 with 4 deaths , and 5 patients under the age of 5 , one who died with Reye ’s syndrome associated with intake of aspirin .
[ Lancet . 1998 Feb 14 ; 351(9101 ) :467—71 ]
An intriguing case of mortal H5N1 flu infection was reported in 1998 involving a 3 - year - old child in Hong Kong .
The H5N1 virus was isolated from tracheal aspiration samples .
The young patient had no direct contact with affected chickens .
Since the H5N1 flu virus has poor human - to - human transmission , doctors were puzzled by this case .
[ Lancet . 1998 Feb 14 ; 351(9101 ) :472—7 ]
This report would be better explained by examination of aspirin or anti-inflammatory drug use and leukocyte ( white - blood cell ) vitamin C concentration .
Conclusions
If overuse of aspirin during the 1918 Spanish flu was the primary cause of flu- related death as Dr. Karen Starko contends , then modern medicine has missed a large lesson on how to prevent flu - related death — that it was aspirin - induced scurvy that heightened mortality during this worldwide flu pandemic , maybe not the flu itself .
If this hypothesis is true , then preventable mortality continues today .
Many hundreds of thousands have needlessly succumbed to a vitamin C deficiency induced by self - treatment with aspirin and / or modern medicine ’s continued failing to practice nutritional medicine .
It is not like vitamin pills could have averted the vitamin C - related deaths then .
Vitamin C had not been discovered till ~ 1928 by Hungarian researcher Albert Szent - Györgyi and was not commercially available till a few years later .
Vitamin C-rich foods like citrus fruits would have had to be relied upon then .
But 8 decades later , physicians are n’t routinely screening their flu patients for aspirin use and are n’t advising their patients to take supplemental vitamin C .
The facts are clear — a pharmaceutical company widely promoted aspirin pills — a pill that depletes vitamin C from the human body , a pill that prevents blood clots , helps to reduce the risk for heart attacks and gastric cancer , and is a trusted pain reliever , but its biggest drawback is that it depletes vitamin C .
This drawback could have deadly consequences .
The prevalence of vitamin C - deficiency related to aspirin use is unmonitored .
Over 50,000 tons of aspirin is produced annually , which is equivalent to 50 billion aspirin tablets .
About 1 trillion aspirin tablets have been swallowed since its first availability in the early 1900s .
Aspirin kills thousands of people annually , mostly from gastric - tract hemorrhages .
[ Annals Internal Medicine 1997 ; 127 : 429—38 ]
More deaths may be attributed to aspirin use than previously recognized .
The footprints of this vitamin C deficiency syndrome are all over the diagnostic flu map , yet they have been missed for decades .
According to listings at the National Library of Medicine ( PubMed ) , there are over 2000 published reports concerning Reye ’s syndrome , but no published studies involving Reye ’s syndrome and vitamin C deficiency .
There are only six published studies involving flu mortality and vitamin C .
With a research budget in the billions of dollars , the National Institutes of Health is remiss in not delving into the connection between vitamin C deficiency , aspirin use , flu - related death and Reye ’s syndrome .
Researcher John T. Ely , emeritus professor at the University of Washington , says white blood cells multiply more rapidly and ingest and eradicate viruses more effectively when vitamin C concentrations are high .
Dr. Ely emphasizes the human immune system " must have ascorbic acid ( vitamin C ) to prevent and / or cure influenza . "
[ Experimental Biology Medicine ( Maywood ) 2007 July ; 232(7) :847—51 ]
In regard to my series of articles critical of flu vaccination posted at LewRockwell.com , an online blogger writes : “ Bill Sardi does n’t know what it is like to have a family member die of the flu . ”
That is precisely my point here .
The public assumes the vaccines prevent death .
Vaccines may reduce symptoms and prevent infection , if the vaccinee is able to generate sufficient antibodies , and if the vaccine contains a strain of the virus currently in circulation ( not so in this year ’s seasonal flu vaccine ) , and if the dosage is correct ( many need two inoculations to develop immunity ) , and if there is no treatment resistance , and if , and only if , nutritional status is adequate to avert a fatal outcome .
There is only contrived evidence vaccines prevent death .
There is incontrovertible evidence that a shortage of vitamin C , emanating from poor diet , smoking , overuse of alcohol , aspirin , or vitamin - depleting drugs ( the very drugs they treat flu patients with — steroids , antibiotics , etc. ) , is likely the primary cause of flu - related mortality .
What this report alleges is that modern medicine casts a blind eye at nutritional medicine because they need deaths , published in the news media , to frighten the public into vaccination .
This morning I read news reports saying another 16 American children died of the H1N1 pandemic flu .
Fear is the pandemic .
Health agencies and the news media are doing their best to spread it .
The facts are stark — regardless of the evidence provided , the Centers for Disease Control and the World Health Organization are n’t going to rush to recommend vitamin C pills .
These so - called health agencies are obliged to produce profits for the vaccine makers , who in turn pay off politicians in the nation ’s capitol , in what becomes circular profiteering by politician and drug manufacturer .
Fear clouds the mind .
People ask , " if not vaccines , what are we to do , take a useless vitamin C pill ?
Are we going to let our children die ? "
Their minds have been inoculated with the thought that vitamin C is a weak player next to a killer pandemic virus .
In fact , as revealed in this article , the lack of vitamin C may be attributed to most of the flu deaths over the past century .
How much clearer can I make my plea ?
The first vaccine made available is the nasally - instilled live - virus vaccine which induces viral shedding for 5 days following inoculation and spreads the disease to family members , teachers , grandmothers , everybody .
The vaccine industry knows how to jump start a flu season — begin with the live - virus vaccine .
Do n’t fall victim to this evil vaccination scheme .
The deaths will continue till health authorities address nutritional status .
A 100 % vaccination rate would not quell mortality rates .
To minimize the risk of flu - related death , the public is going to have to take matters into their own hands and proceed with unguided use of supplemental vitamin C. Asking doctors about vitamin C to treat the flu will produce a predictable answer — " that idea is unproven . "
It is just that doctors are ignorant on this point , not that there is no credible evidence .
As a final note , it needs to be said that vitamin C should be incorporated into aspirin pills , to avert or minimize serious side effects such as gastric or brain hemorrhage , or at least aspirin pills should be labeled to inform consumers of the hazards posed by its depletion of vitamin C .
Modern medicine ’s narrow approach , to treat every disease as if it were a drug deficiency , has resulted in a steep price for humanity .
It is obvious millions have died prematurely since vitamin C was first discovered over 80 years ago .
Brave and resolute men and women , Albert Szent - Gyrgyi , Irwin Stone , Linus Pauling , Ewan Cameron , Emil Ginter , Matthias Rath , Andrew Saul , Tom Levy , Steve Hickey , Raxit Jariwalla , John T. Ely , Hilary Roberts , and others promoted the idea of vitamin C therapy but were readily dismissed , even belittled .
It is said , you do n’t die of the flu — you die of the subsequent fluid accumulation in your lungs ( pneumonia ) and secondary bacterial infection as a result of the flu .
In this regard , the discoverer of vitamin C , Albert Szent - Gyrgyi MD , PhD , said this : " If you do not have sufficient vitamins and get a cold , and as a sequence pneumonia , your diagnosis will not be u2018 lack of ascorbic acid ’ but u2018 pneumonia . ’
So you are waylaid immediately . "
[ The Healing Factor , Irwin Stone , 1972 ]
Addendum : Does vaccination prevent flu - related death ?
Given this author ’s negative tack on flu vaccination , frequent challenges are received for me to disclose data on whether the flu vaccine saves lives or not .
The question of whether flu shots avert flu - related death is a difficult question to answer .
Not every influenza virus , nor every pneumonia death , is confirmed by laboratory testing .
The Centers for Disease Control employs statistical methods , not body counts , to come up with flu - related mortality figures .
Some guesstimates indicate large numbers of vaccinated populations having been spared their lives .
However , one group of researchers report that excess deaths attributable to influenza have only been 5 — 10 % on average in flu seasons in the past several decades .
They argue that flu shots could not possibly have prevented more deaths than the 5% — 10 % of excess deaths in the population .
[ Archives Internal Medicine 2005 ; 165(3) :265— 272 ; Lancet Infectious Diseases 2007 ; 7(10 ) :658—666 ; New England Journal Medicine 2007 ; 357(26):2729 —2730 ]
It ’s obvious some pseudoscience has been produced .
While observational studies indicate mortality rates during flu seasons are much lower in vaccinated elderly groups , and Kaiser health plan doctors found elderly patients who died were less likely to have been vaccinated ( 45 % versus 63 % among survivors ) , recently investigators found that the vaccinated had relatively low mortality ( death ) and morbidity ( disease ) compared to the unvaccinated , even before the start of the flu season , which would certainly skew the data for analysis .
Much of the difference in mortality between vaccinated and unvaccinated groups may be attributable to what is called selection bias .
The Best of Bill Sardi
The law firm of Camara & Sibley has decided to take on document - sharing website Scribd in a big way , seeking class action status against the site in a lawsuit filed Friday in a Texas federal court .
The charge : like YouTube , Veoh , and other user - generated content sites , Scribd makes it just too easy to upload copyrighted content without permission , and the company should be held liable ... and pay up .
What about all those cases ( including the recent Veoh ruling ) which broadly construe the DMCA 's " safe harbor " provisions to protect these kinds of websites so long as they promptly take down content when notified ?
Hey , those cases are all out in California , baby !
It 's time for Texas justice .
An egregious infringer ?
What 's odd about the case is n't that it was brought ; given what has happened to most other user - generated content sites , such a lawsuit was probably inevitable .
No , what 's odd is that the case was brought by Camara & Sibley , the Houston law firm housed in a " custom - built four - story Tuscan building beside Rice University featuring a fourth - floor deck with 360 - degree views of Houston and a built - in grill and wine cellar . "
Remember , these are the lawyers who are :
Defending Apple nemesis Psystar , the company that sells its own computer hardware preloaded with Mac OS X .
Defending Jammie Thomas , the target of the RIAA 's first anti-P2P case that went all the way to trial .
Currently , the team is arguing that the $ 1.92 million in damages from Thomas ' retrial are " excessive , shocking , and monstrous . "
Still ( apparently ) planning to file a class action lawsuit against the RIAA in order to " get the $ 100 million that they stole " from people as part of the group 's long - running litigation and settlement campaign against file - swappers .
This time out , though , they represent one Elaine Scott , a Houston author who was horrified to find her 1985 book Stocks and bonds : profits and losses available for download on Scribd ; someone had apparently taken the time to scan the entire thing and upload it to the site .
Scott noticed that the book had been downloaded more than 100 times and grew incensed that her copyright was being violated .
So she notified Scribd , which takes works down when it receives a DMCA takedown notice ( as do all US - based user - generated content sites that hope to stay in business ) .
But the fact that Scribd would take down the book was beside the point ; it should n't have been there in the first place .
Echoing a view that is common among rightsholders , Scott and her lawyers argue that it simply can't be the case that the onus for protecting copyrighted works falls completely upon the rightsholder .
That is , sites like YouTube or Scribd should n't be able to host copyrighted works , profiting from them indefinitely until a copyright holder takes notice and asks them to stop .
Such a system puts a terrific burden on rightsholders if they want to keep their works off of such sites , especially if someone else can simply upload another copy .
In the words of Kiwi Camara , Scott 's lawyer , " The West coast technology industry has produced a number of startup firms premised on the notion that commercial copyright infringement is not illegal unless and until the injured party discovers and complains of the infringing activity and the infringer fails to respond to such complaints ...
Scribd , Inc , is one such egregious infringer . "
One of the unexpected twists to the complaint is that Scribd has actually developed a copyright protection system .
When authors send a takedown letter to the site , Scribd adds the offending document to its system to prevent other people from simply uploading it again .
But this itself is another act of copyright infringement , according to Camara ; Scribd is copying the text of the book or document in question without permission for use in this system , even though the copyright protection system itself might someday turn out to be worth more money that the document storage side of the business .
As for the DMCA , Camara points out that most such court cases have taken place in the Ninth Circuit , which includes San Francisco and Silicon Valley .
Such rulings do n't automatically have precedent in Texas , and Camara argues that the Fifth Circuit might well come to different conclusions .
He also contends that Scribd is n't a " service provider " at all , but a publisher — which would remove the DMCA immunity — and also that Scribd makes money directly off of infringing works ( by showing ads ) , which could also threaten safe harbor protection .
Camara wants to extend the case to an entire class of authors ; this fits with what he told Ars this summer , when he said that when his firm takes cases , " we want to fix a problem for a lot of people , including our client . "
As for that client , she 's quoted in the complaint , too .
" I bring this complaint , " says Scott , " because I believe that just as it is n't right for children to steal words , it is n't right for websites like Scribd.com to do it , either ...
If that behavior is allowed to continue I believe it makes a mockery of the copyright laws of the United States and sets a terrible example for all . "
Further reading :
By Brian Wheeler
Political reporter , BBC News , Lib Dem conference
Greg
Dyke said he wanted to change BBC political coverage
The BBC is part of a " conspiracy " preventing the " radical changes " needed to UK democracy , the corporation 's former director general has said .
Greg Dyke told a Lib Dem conference meeting he wanted a commission to look into the " whole political system " .
But he said : " I fear it will never happen because I fear the political class will stop it . "
The BBC said its political coverage was taken extremely seriously and was highly regarded by the public .
Mr Dyke said major changes he had wanted to make to the BBC 's coverage of politics had been blocked .
He told the Liberal Vision fringe meeting about the expenses scandal and how it had changed voters ' attitudes : " The evidence that our democracy is failing is overwhelming and yet those with the biggest interest in sustaining the current system - the Westminster village , the media and particularly the political parties , including this one - are the groups most in denial about what is really happening to our democracy . "
' Westminster conspiracy '
Mr Dyke , who was forced to stand down as director general in 2004 after the Hutton report into the death of government scientist Dr David Kelly , said there had never been a greater separation between the " political class " and the public .
We want more influence over our lives and we are not just prepared to hand it over to this strange bunch of people who stand for Parliament
Greg Dyke " I tried and failed to get the problem properly discussed when I was at the BBC and I was stopped , interestingly , by a combination of the politicos on the board of governors , one of whom was married to the man who claimed for cleaning his moat , the cabinet interestingly - the Labour cabinet - who decided to have a meeting , only about what we were trying to discuss , and the political journalists at the BBC .
" Why ?
Because , collectively , they are all part of the problem .
They are part of one Westminster conspiracy .
They do n't want anything to change .
It 's not in their interests . "
He said the expenses scandal had been " British democracy 's Berlin Wall moment " but he feared the opportunity to change the system was fading away .
He called for an end to " pathetic jeering , shouting and childish behaviour " and the " pomp and ceremony " in Parliament .
' Scared '
An independent commission should look at ideas such as moving the seat of democracy out of Westminster , a fully elected upper chamber with no whipping system , proportional representation , cutting the number of MPs by half , and reforming their pay and expenses , he added .
" It 's time to be radical .
Our current model was designed for the 18th Century .
It does n't fit 21st Century Britain , " he told the meeting .
And he added : " We want more influence over our lives and we are not just prepared to hand it over to this strange bunch of people who stand for Parliament because they have been knocking on people 's doors for 10 years . "
Speaking afterwards , he referred to an internal review of the BBC 's political coverage carried out at the beginning of the decade , to which all political parties were asked to contribute .
He said " there was a lot of pressure from the government of the day not to change anything " , adding : " If you are in power what you want is you want to be covered and you do n't want anybody else to be covered and they were scared that we were going to stop covering them . "
He denied the BBC had caved in to pressure from the government but added : " A lot of the governors were what I call semi-politicians and they liked the present system and .... maybe they were right - it's not the job of the BBC to change the political system and to start questioning the political system .
" I happen to not agree with that but , you know , we did n't get anywhere . "
Asked what specific changes he would like to see in the BBC 's coverage , he said : " Most of the politicians did n't want a different way of covering politics .
" They wanted their mugs on the telly basically and we might have moved away from that . "
He denied his comments were meant as a criticism of BBC journalists in particular , but added : " In the end political journalists live in the same narrow world as politicians do and they do n't see a need to change because they think it 's the world .
They just do n't understand that out there it 's very different . "
In a statement , the BBC said Mr Dyke was " entitled to his views " .
It added : " Our news is highly regarded by the public .
Anyone looking at the depth and range of our political coverage will know how seriously we take the reporting of politics and political institutions . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TPM Reader ND is pulling her hair out :
Obama is a moderate liberal committed to the democratic institutions of this country , so nothing could be more ludicrous than he being accused by these historically unaware poseurs of being both an economic fascist and a communist .
I guess us academics — the learned elites and therefore unreal Americans — have dedicated our lives to studying tyranny and dictatorship world wide erroneously thinking that there were actual ideological differences between Communism and Fascism .
Was WWII just one big ooops of ideological confusion ?
Stop the presses and notify the British , French , Italians , Russian and Germans .
I am sure they will want to know about it so they can alter the historical record to reflect au courant Republican thinking .
Did n’t we engage on something called the Cold War for decades on the conviction that there is actually a real difference between Fascists and Communists , and although not the same category but also in a parallel fight , right wing dictators and left wing ones ?
And were n’t Republicans the principal endorsers of a foreign policy based precisely on that distinction ( see Jeanne Kirkpatrick under Reagan and the widely held belief that right wing dictatorships in Latin America were ok because although not free and engaging in some forms of economic fascism as Sauerbrey would describe it , they were against the reds so they must be inherently be supported while all left wing dictatorships in Latin America were bad ? )
But what is most insidious in Ms. Sauerbrey ’s comparison is that by putting Peron and Hitler in the same policy universe she is now identifying Hitler solely for his economic policies , which is not exactly what made Hitler infamous , right ?
The Lebensborn was not about economic fascism , but something completely other than economics .
So let that just sink for a minute — what was wrong with Hitler , according to Sauerbrey , is that like Peron he engaged in economic policies that were fascist .
I would fill this email with expletives to express how enraging and disrespectful to those who suffered under Hitler this is , but I think saying that I am speechless is probably the more appropriate and accurate response .
Finally I should also note that Sauerbrey is completely wrong about Peron .
Although Peron had his start within the Argentine military in a group that had proto fascist tendencies , his political career took off because he was a left wing populist not a right wing one .
He is most widely recognized , and thought of as infamous by conservatives world - wide , by his left wing populist policies .
I teach Latin American studies and have a pretty deep knowledge of right wing and left wing economic populists and I can tell you that were Ms. Ellen Sauerbrey my student that comment of hers would earn her an solid F .
Not just because of her mistakes about Peron , or her utterly dangerous misunderstanding of Hitler , but for her obtuseness in confusing being a minority party with being under tyrannical oppression .
On my school day , whenever i had a exams .
I thought we boys are lucky since we can cheat many way on exams .
Girls are so simple and straight one who do n’t know how to cheat , bahh i was wrong , totally wrong .
Researchers at University College Cork have found that molecules found in a spice used to prepare curries have killed oesophageal cancer cells in the laboratory .
The results of the study have been published in the British Journal of Cancer .
Scientists at the Cork Cancer Research Centre treated oesophageal cancer cells with curcumin , which is a chemical found in the spice turmeric .
Among the findings were that curcumin started to kill cancer cells within 24 hours .
Around 350 people are diagnosed with oesophageal cancer in Ireland each year , with a further 7,800 in the UK .
According to Professor Gerald O'Sullivan , Director of the Cork Cancer Research Centre at UCC , the research opens up the possibility that natural chemicals found in turmeric could be developed into new treatments for oesophageal cancer .
As an Economic Analyst for the CIA , you will assess foreign economic , trade , and financial interests that affect US security interests .
Economists working in regional offices focus on a range of macroeconomic and microeconomic issues facing the country or region they cover , while economists working transnational issues take a broader , global approach to such matters and tend to delve more deeply into technical details .
You may also assess illicit financial activities , including terrorist and criminal networks , money laundering , or foreign corruption .
Opportunities exist for foreign and domestic travel , language training , analytic and management training and assignments to other offices in the Agency and throughout the US Government .
Offices of the CIA – Directorate of Analysis
Within the Directorate of Analysis ( DA ) , incomplete and sometimes contradictory information is transformed into unique insights that inform US policy decisions .
The DA helps provide timely , accurate and objective all - source intelligence analysis on national security and foreign policy issues to senior policymakers in the US Government .
Learn more about the Directorate of Analysis .
See our work in action :
Life at CIA
In addition to a comprehensive benefits package , the CIA offers exciting career opportunities and a dynamic environment .
We 're on the forefront of world - altering events – as they happen .
So working here is n't just a job , it 's a mindset and a lifestyle .
In keeping with issues of economics and computational power , there is a very neat paper out of Princeton by Arora , Barak , Brunnermeier , and Ge entitled “ Computational Complexity and Information Asymmetry in Financial Products “ .
Can you embed an NP - hard problem into the pricing problem for a financial instrument ?
As the authors point out , the answer is clearly “ yes ” and the issue is really how naturally you can do it .
For instance , I could have an instrument that pays $ 1000 if the answer to a particular , large traveling salesman problem is less than 1 million miles , and $ 0 otherwise .
Pricing such an instrument involves solving an NP - complete problem , but no one would argue that this implies anything about real financial instruments .
The authors give another , similarly artificial , example :
Consider for example a derivative whose contract contains a 1000 digit integer n and has a nonzero payoff if the unemployment rate next January , when rounded to the nearest integer , is the last digit of a factor of n .
A relatively unsophisticated seller can generate such a derivative together with a fairly accurate estimate of its yield ( to the extent that unemployment rate is predictable ) , yet even Goldman Sachs would have no idea what to pay for it .
This example shows both the difficulty of pricing arbitrary derivatives and the possible increase in asymmetry of information via
derivatives .
Nobody is actually interested in embedding an NP - Hard problem in a financial instrument in that way .
If the pricing is not clear , and there is obvious information asymmetry , buyers will simply assume they are getting ripped off and walk away ( see adverse selection , below ) .
This paper does something much more interesting .
It develops a system where the firm offering financial assets seems to divide multiple assets up fairly but actually does so in a biased way .
In order to distinguish this tampering from non-tampering , an outside analyst has to solve a densest subgraph problem ( an NP - hard problem ) .
In finance and economics , there is a issue called adverse selection .
Why am I hesitant to buy a used car ?
People will only sell their lemons .
Why should we be cautious in hiring faculty who work at other schools ?
The other school knows more about them , and will choose not to compete if they want to get rid of them .
Why should I be cautious when a bank chooses 10 mortgages to resell out of their portfolio of 10,000 ?
They know where the lemons are and will choose to dump them given the chance .
What the authors are saying is that even when a company sells all of their assets in groups in an apparently random way , it is possible to hide manipulation .
So adverse selection can occur in a way that is hard to determine .
Maybe the buyers will assume no adverse selection and we get to dump our lemons !
You can read the paper ( or this blog posting from Andrew Appel ) for some more information .
I have somewhat mixed feelings about this result ( though I have only lived with it for a few hours : this may take more time to settle my views ) .
On one hand , I really think that people in economics and finance need to be more aware of computational limits in their models .
On the other hand , it is not clear that NP - hardness is a particularly good defense here .
The authors have a somewhat breathless gloss on what NP - hardness means :
Computational complexity studies intractable problems , those that require more computational resources than can be provided by the fastest computers on earth put together .
Ummm … OK .
Sanjeev Arora is one of the world ’s experts in complexity .
He is a Godel Prize Winner and a Fellow of the ACM .
He even , most tellingly , has a wikipedia entry .
I still do n’t think this is the world ’s best definition of intractable in the NP - hardness sense .
In particular , if a group put out 1000 groupings of financial instruments , and I needed to solve the densest subgraph problem on the resulting instance , I would work very hard at getting an integer program , constraint program , dynamic program , or other program to actually solve the instance ( particularly if someone is willing to pay me millions to do so ) .
If the group then responded with 10,000 groupings , I would then simply declare that they are tampering and invoke whatever level of adverse selection correction you like ( including just refusing to have anything to do with them ) .
Intractable does not mean unsolvable , and not every size instance needs more computing than “ the fastest computers on earth put together ” .
NP - hardness talks about worst case behavior as problem size grows .
Those of us in operations research spend a lot of time solving NP - hard problems like routing , timetabling , and many other problems because we really want solutions to instances of a particular size and with particular structure .
Bill Cook will solve practically any instance of the NP - hard Traveling Salesman Problem that you like ( particularly if the financial incentives are right ) as long as you keep it to no more than 100,000 cities or so .
I ’d be happy to help a financial firm solve densest subgraph instances if it really mattered to them , NP - hardness be damned !
Of course , if this paper takes off , there might be real demand for operations researchers in looking at NP - Hard problems for the financial industry .
And that would be great for our field !
Thanks to my finance colleague Bryan Routledge for pointing out the paper , and for providing the excellent ( IMHO ) title to this entry .
The anti-abortion group Operation Rescue has told its supporters it is facing a “ major financial crisis ” and is close to shutting down unless emergency help arrives soon .
Troy Newman , the group ’s president , blamed the economic downturn for its money woes in an plea e-mailed to donors .
The organization , based in Wichita , has also been under attack from both fringe anti-abortion militants and abortion rights supporters since the May 31 shooting death of Dr. George Tiller , an abortion provider in Wichita .
BEIJING 
The top official of China ’s civilian and military nuclear power programs is being investigated for “ grave violations of discipline , ” a phrase often used in corruption inquiries , the Chinese Communist Party ’s disciplinary committee has announced .
The official , Kang Rixin , is the general manager and Communist Party secretary of China National Nuclear Corporation , a vast holding company that is spearheading plans to increase the nation ’s capacity to generate nuclear power at least sixfold in the next decade .
Mr. Kang , 56 , also is a member of the Communist Party Central Committee , the party ’s senior ruling body , and sits on the same party disciplinary committee that is investigating him .
The announcement , issued late Wednesday , gave no indication of the accusations against Mr. Kang .
The Beijing - based business journal Caijing and China Business News Daily quoted unidentified sources as saying the inquiry centered on about $ 263 million in company funds that apparently were invested and lost in the stock market .
Bald schauen die Behörden zu , wenn verdächtige Personen im Internet surfen .
Die Massnahme hätte eigentlich geheim bleiben sollen .
Von Heiner Busch und Dinu Gautier
Vertrauliche Dokumente , die der WOZ vorliegen , zeigen : Der Bund plant die vollständige Überwachung des Internetverkehrs von verdächtigen Personen .
Ab dem 1 .
August müssen die Internetprovider , also die Anbieter von Internetzugängen , technisch aufrüsten .
Künftig sollen sie in der Lage sein , die Internetnutzung ihrer KundInnen unmittelbar an die Behörden zu übertragen .
Von der « Echtzeit - Überwachung der kompletten Kommunikation des Breitband - Internetanschlusses » ist in den Dokumenten die Rede .
Konkret kann künftig das gesamte Surfverhalten einer Nutzerin oder eines Nutzers abgefangen werden , sofern gegen die Person ein entsprechendes Strafverfahren eröffnet worden ist .
Der Staat liest Diskussionen in Chats oder Einträge in Foren mit , hört bei Gesprächen über Dienste wie Skype mit oder guckt zu , sobald die Person eine Webcam aktiviert .
Der Dienst « Überwachung Post - und Fernmeldeverkehr » ( Üpf ) von Justizministerin Eveline Widmer - Schlumpf hält das Bundesgesetz « Überwachung des Post - und Fernmeldeverkehrs » ( Büpf ) für eine ausreichende Rechtsgrundlage für die neue Massnahme .
Darin heisst es : Die Provider « liefern ( ... ) den Fernmeldeverkehr der überwachten Person soweit möglich in Echtzeit » .
Nur : Ist mit Fernmeldeverkehr tatsächlich auch Surfen oder Chatten im Internet gemeint ?
Fest steht : Eine Überwachung der Internetnutzung ist im Büpf nirgends explizit erwähnt .
In aller Eile
Für die neue Überwachungsmethode wurden jedenfalls weder das Gesetz noch die entsprechende Verordnung überarbeitet , sondern lediglich eine « IP - Richtlinie » und dazugehörige organisatorische und technische Regelungen erlassen .
Deren erste Version stammt vom April 2009 .
Die zweite Fassung vom Mai ging den beim Bundesamt für Kommunikation registrierten Providern Anfang Juni zu einer « vertraulichen Vernehmlassung » zu .
Die Frage der WOZ , wieso die Vernehmlassung vertraulich gewesen sei , hat Philippe Piatti , Pressesprecher des Justiz - und Polizeidepartements ( EJPD ) , nicht beantwortet .
Der Üpf scheint es jedenfalls sehr eilig zu haben : Die Provider hatten nicht – wie sonst bei Vernehmlassungen üblich – drei Monate , sondern nur drei Wochen Zeit , sich zu äussern .
Bis zum 30 .
Juni sollten die Stellungnahmen beim Überwachungsdienst eingereicht sein .
Bereits am 1 . August treten die neuen Regelungen in Kraft .
Bis Ende Juni 2010 sollen dann alle Provider die technische Aufrüstung vollzogen haben und vom Üpf getestet und zertifiziert werden .
Wie das angesichts von Hunderten meldepflichtiger Provider in der Schweiz gehen soll , bleibt unklar .
Trotz der Vertraulichkeit der Materie äussern sich Provider - Profis zu den Plänen des Bundes .
Fredy Künzler vom mittelgrossen Zürcher Provider Init7 hält das Ganze für einen « Papiertiger , der einen unglaublichen Aufwand verursacht » .
Er rechnet mit ein bis drei « Mannjahren » Arbeit und mit Kosten von Hunderttausenden Franken .
« Für grosse Provider mag das verschmerzbar sein .
Kleine Anbieter können sich den Aufwand aber unmöglich leisten » .
In der Tat muss der Provider gemäss Büpf die Technologie selber bereitstellen .
Wenn er dann tatsächlich einmal die Daten einer Kundin oder eines Kunden abzapfen muss , zahlt ihm der Staat eine Entschädigungspauschale .
Wie hoch diese ausfallen wird , ist noch unklar , sie dürfte sich laut Insidern in der Grössenordnung von tausend Franken bewegen .
« Du musst also fast hoffen , dass möglichst viele deiner Kunden kriminell werden , wenn du die Investitionen amortisieren willst » , so ein kleiner Anbieter , der anonym bleiben will .
Ein schlechtes Zeichen
Zu dieser Frage äussert sich Philippe Piatti vom EJPD : « Kleine Provider werden sich die notwendigen technischen Voraussetzungen leisten müssen .
Erbringer von Fernmeldedienstleistungen wissen um die gesetzlichen Vorgaben . »
Pascal Gloor , der am Wochenende zum Vizepräsidenten der neugegründeten Piratenpartei gewählt wurde , arbeitet ebenfalls bei einem Provider .
Er äussert hier ausdrücklich seine private Meinung , da das Parteiprogramm der Piraten noch nicht verabschiedet sei : « Wenn der Staat versteckte Massnahmen ergreift , dann wird es heikel , weil auch die Kontrolle darüber schwierig wird . »
Dass die Vernehmlassung vertraulich ablief , ist für Gloor deshalb ein schlechtes Zeichen .
Aus technischer Sicht sei die Geheimhaltung nämlich völlig unnötig .
Überhaupt gelte es aufzupassen , dass sich keine Automatismen einschleichen und dass das Werkzeug künftig nicht auch für andere Zwecke als die Strafverfolgung genutzt wird .
Fredy Künzler von Init7 hält die ganze Übung überhaupt für untauglich .
« Jeder kleine Internetgangster kann seine Kommunikation vernünftig verschlüsseln .
Die Behörden sind dann trotz Internetüberwachung so schlau wie zuvor . »
Das staatliche Interesse an der Überwachung der Telekommunikation ist so alt wie diese Kommunikation selbst .
Möglich sind heute zum einen « aktive » Überwachungen , bei denen der I nhalt des jeweiligen Telefongesprächs oder einer E - Mail in « Echtzeit » abgehört oder mitgelesen wird .
Zum andern müssen die Anbieterfirmen die « Verkehrsdaten » all ihrer KundInnen für ein halbes Jahr auf Vorrat speichern , um sie auf Anordnung dem Dienst zu übermitteln .
Die Untersuchungsbehörden erfahren dabei , wann und mit wem die überwachte Person kommunizierte , bei Handys auch den Standort .
Das Parlament unterstützte bereits 2006 eine Motion von FDP - Ständerat Rolf Schweiger , der forderte , die Aufbewahrungsfrist für diese « Randdaten » sei auf ein Jahr zu verlängern .
Schweiger begründete das mit der Bekämpfung von Kinderpornografie .
Sexualstraftaten und Terrorismus sind zwar derzeit die grössten Hits , wenn es um neue staatliche Horch - und Guck - Befugnisse geht .
Der im Büpf enthaltene Deliktkatalog ermöglicht Überwachungen aber auch bei weit weniger schweren Straftaten : darunter zum Beispiel Landfriedensbruch , Gewalt und Drohung gegen Beamte oder Betrug .
Auch die nun in der IP - Richtlinie vorgesehene Überwachung des Internetverkehrs können Untersuchungsbehörden einsetzen – gegen mutmassliche TeilnehmerInnen einer unfriedlichen Demonstration beispielsweise oder gegen SozialhilfebezügerInnen , die des Missbrauchs verdächtigt werden .
Korrigendum : Landfriedensbruch ( Art. 260 StGB ) alleine reicht nicht für eine Überwachung nach Büpf .
Bitte entschuldigen Sie den Fehler .
Überwachungsstatistik Insgesamt 6681 Überwachungsmassnahmen zählte der Überwachungsdienst des EJPD im Jahr 2008 – 4690 rückwirkende , bei denen die Provider die « Verkehrsdaten » der letzten sechs Monate übermitteln müssen , und 1991 aktive , bei denen der I nhalt von Telefongesprächen oder E - Mails live mitgeschnitten wird .
Wie lange eine solche Echtzeitüberwachung dauert , geht aus der Statistik nicht hervor .
Eine Anordnung ist möglich für drei Monate , kann aber danach nochmals um drei Monate verlängert werden .
Laut EJPD ist dies in rund zwanzig Prozent der Fall .
Der Anteil der E - Mail - Überwachungen bewege sich « im niedrigen Prozentbereich » .
Im laufenden Jahr rechnet der Dienst für etwa dieselbe Zahl von Massnahmen mit Kosten von 19,6 Millionen Franken .
9,1 Millionen sind für die Entschädigung der Provider budgetiert .
Fixed " not on camera object " particle effects appearing while spectating in - eyes , and not appearing when in thirdperson
Fixed inventory bug that caused some item pickups not to be shown
Added support for client explanations of backend inventory manipulation
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The specific changes include :
Simply put , our for profit Medical / Insurance / Complex is destroying my lower - middle class family .
I have a huge stake in this fight , and I will not back down , not now , not ever .
I myself am uninsured .
I have not been to a doctor for a check up for years .
I get depressed in cycles and have shared my story with others in this community before .
This is not about politics , but aboput families .
This is not about money , but about people .
If I get sick or hurt I am totally screwed .
None of us can afford private insurance right now .
We NEED A PUBLIC OPTION to break up the Monopolies of Private for - profit insurers .
And I am not alone .
There are 47 + million more just like me .
And there are over 100 million more Americans who pay too much for insurance that can be taken away just when they need it the most .
Therefore , I propose a running diary series by anyone who wishes to tell their personal Health Care Horror Story .
My Health Care Horror Story
In the spirit and tradition of the IGTNT series and the GUS series , among other and many fine DKos traditions , I propose a series of diaries that detail the very personal costs that our for - profit health care system takes from American families in order to give profits to the Medical / Insurance / Complex .
This can not continue .
We need drastic reform now .
Such a series should continue until we get that reform .
And we should share our stories and e-mail them to the White House and our Congressmembers .
Simply begin your diary with the words My Health Care Horror Story
And then share your tale and state how reform can help you and your loved ones , as well as our nation .
DKos user
War on Error and I had a conversation yesterday that inspired this idea , and I would like to give that user all the credit that is due .
Also , here 's the seed of an idea .
Can you get it passed up to Kos ?
I would like to see hundreds of diaries whose titles begin with : HORROR HEALTH STORY : Name of Insurer or Uninsured Then the Intro be a brief overview of how the insured has been abused and suffers .
Their story .
The more personal a story is , the more others can relate to it .
The Body can be a brief listing of their out of pocket
expenses or something .
If each of these real life horror stories , and it sounds like you have three in your family alone , BEGINS with the same three words : HEALTH HORROR STORY
It will be easy to use the " search stories and diaries " to bring up a list of them .
Search : " Health Horror Story " Also , google will crawl and pick up the title .
The whole world will be able to look in .
It wo n't hurt Kos 's bottom line for sure !
Imagine hundreds even thousands turning up in the search .
We can invite even non dkos players to sign on and share .
A center for collecting everyone 's stories .
This is a service that is lacking !
DKos is making network , cable news lately .
I think this would get some attention , especially if we all make comments elsewhere ( FDS , HP , NYT , WaPo ) , etc inviting people to come and check them out , and even contribute .
We can collect thousands of Health Horror Stories under this one roof .
What do you think of this idea ?
Someone with more clout / rank than WoE could launch this invitation for people to share .
Even Kos !
Naive perhaps , but I believe if even the most hard hearted read these they will soften their hearts so a policy to care for all Americans can eventually become the law in America .
Thanks for listening .
My tweak to this idea is to make the title of the series My Health Care Horror Story , so as to keep it personal , but , otherwise I think this idea is spot on and brilliant .
There are hundreds of reasons why we MUST pass health care reform this year , many of which have already been articulated by our President and other Demcratic members of congress .
But , the point is that We The People have to speak up , fight back and Yell Louder .
We need to be heard .
I hope this is one way to do so .
Had affordable and easy to access health and metal health care been available perhaps my father would still be with me .
Perhaps my mother would not have had a stroke Perhaps my uncle and sister would be better capable of dealing with their mental health issues .
Perhaps my Grandmother would be able to enjoy her well earned retriement better .
Perhaps my entire life would have been entirely different .
I do not know where this ends .
But I know where it must begin .
It must begin NOW .
With meaningful reform that keeps health insurers honest and breaks up their regional monopolies with a Robust Public Option , end of life counseling and everything else working American families have been denied by our For - profit health care system .
We MUST start putting people before profit , and only true reform can do that for us .
Because , if we do not , and I or one of my loved ones gets sick or hurt , we are screwed .
And that is what this fight is for .
No excuses .
Thank you for your time ,
MoT
Crossposted at Docudharma.com
Latin Music USA
From Latin jazz and mambo to salsa , Tejano , Chicano rock , Latin pop and reggaeton , explore the story of the rise of new American music forged from powerful Latin roots .
Recently I wrote up an overview of the various options available for automating subversion within Perl .
I 'm rather new to this topic ( and to posting things about Perl ) , so I 'd very much appreciate feedback on what I 've written .
Specifically , is this useful ?
what would make this more useful ?
are there obvious mistakes or omissions ?
I 'd like to add a section on other articles covering this topic , but I have n't had much luck searching Google .
If someone could point me to some good articles I 'd be most appreciative
Assuming this is useful , where should this be posted so that it gets to the people who would most benefit from it ?
Many thanks in advance , beth Automating SVN with Perl
There are two ways to automate SVN with Perl : use the system ( “ svn ” , ... ) to call the SVN binary
using Alien :: SVN – a perl wrapper around the SVN API Calling system ( ... ) is the easier solution , but it is not portable across operating systems and it limits you to the functionality already built into the svn client command .
This is not the full set of functionality provided by subversion .
Finally , the subversion team has promised full backward compatibility for each minor version of the subversion API .
It makes no such promises for the command line interface .
If none of these are issues for you , you can stop reading now : the system ( ... ) command is your best and fastest option .
The SVN API gives you a lot of flexibility , especially if you need to work with lots of files at once .
Even if all you need is the standard svn client commands , you still may want to think twice about using system ( ... ) .
If portability is important to you , you will need to wrap the calls to system ( ... ) in code that detects and customizes the call for the current operating system .
The system ( ... ) command requires a command name as its first parameter .
Operating systems vary in the way they name and find commands .
You will need to include operating system specific code to insure that the command can be found .
You will also need to choose the name of the command in an operating system specific manner .
On MS operating systems the subversion client command is svn.exe .
On *nix it is just plain svn .
Finding your way around Alien :: SVN ( also known as SVN : : Core ) for the first time can be intimidating .
This article provides a basic overview that should make the Perl API for subversion a bit more approachable .
Overview of Perl 's Svn API Alien:: SVN is a very thin wrapper around the perl API .
It is organized into classes that reflect the major subsystems inside the C/C++ version of the API .
There are six such classes : SVN :: Client – API equivalent of the command line SVN client , svn . Corresponds to svn_client.h .
SVN :: Repos – API equivalent of the svnadmin command .
SVN :: Ra – object representing the currently selected repository access method
SVN : : Wc – object providing information about an item in a working copy
SVN :: Fs – object representing the storage backend used by a specific repository
SVN :: Delta – create , view and manipulate descriptions of changes made by a specific repository revision
The first two of these classes , SVN : : Client and SVN :: Repos are API analogs to the command line binaries : svn and svnadmin .
SVN :: Ra can be used to provide server side support for incoming requests for remote repository access .
The remaining classes define objects that are used either as parameters or return values to those two classes .
For an overview of the subsystems of the SVN API , see the subversion book .
The editions for subversion 1.3 and up describes the subsystems in chapter 8 , titled “ Embedding Subversion ” .
Versions for earlier subversion releases ( 1.0 – 1.2 ) title this same chapter “ Developer Information ” .
Classes representing API subsystems Client side subsystems
There are two subsystems that are used exclusively by subversion repository clients and perl modules that support them – Svn:: Client and Svn : : Wc. SVN :: Client provides access to commands to add , view , remove , and modify the content of a subversion repository .
It is the API analog to the command line SVN client , svn ( * nix ) or svn.exe on Microsoft based operating systems .
The functions on the SVN :: Client object can be classed into three groups : configuration functions – setter methods that configure the behavior of an SVN :: Client instance .
repository UUID functions – return the repository UUID
command functions – methods corresponding the various svn subcommands , e.g. copy , commit , ls , cat , propget , revpropget , etc .
The behavior of a SVN :: Client object is customized primarily through call back functions .
Most of these can be set via the SVN :: Client object 's constructor or one of its setter methods : status – this callback is passed to the $ svnclient -> status ( .... ) method .
notify – this callback is defined as part of the SVN :: Client configuration and can be set using the notify ( ... ) method .
It is called in all of the following contexts : after each file or directory that is added via add ( ... ) and after each directory that is made via mkdir ( ... ) .
after a file is committed , copied , deleted , exported , imported , or merged .
It is also called when conflicts are resolved via resolved ( ... ) ; after an attempt is made to query an unversioned file via log ( ... ) for revision history after each file that is revised or added because of a call to update ( ... ) after each file that is added , deleted , or changed because of a call to switch ( ... ) after status ( ... ) retrieves a file “ stored ” in the repository via svn::externals .
When files are moved , it is called twice – once after a copy of the file is added , and once after the copy source is deleted .
log_msg – this callback is also part of the SVN :: Client configuration .
it is set using the log_msg ( ... ) method .
It is called to generate log messages during the commit process .
cancel – this callbck is also part of the configuration and is set via the cancel ( ... ) method .
It is called whenever subversion needs to ask the user for permission to cancel an operation .
SVN :: Wc - defines objects and enums used to pass information to and from call back functions : svn_wc_status_t – describes the status of a particular file found in the repository .
This object is passed as a paramter to the status callback
SVN :: Wc:: Status ::XXX – each XXX is a constant that describes the status of a file found in the working copy of a repository .
This constant is passed in as one of the parameters to the status callback .
svn_wc_entry_t – describes the repository attributes of an item stored in the working copy .
This is part of the svn_wc_status_t object and is returned by its entry ( ) method .
SVN :: Wc:: Schedule ::XXX – each XXX is a constant that describes the primary action scheduled for an item in the working copy .
It is used together with methods like copied ( ) to indicate the set of actions that will be taken when the item is eventually comitted to the repository .
This constant is returned by the the schedule ( ) method of svn_wc_entry_t .
SVN :: Wc:: Notify :: Action ::XXX – each XXX is a constant that describes the action that triggered a call to the notify callback .
This constant is passed in as the second parameter of the notify callback .
SVN :: Wc:: Notify :: State ::XXX – each XXX is a constant that describes the state of the file that triggered a call to the notify callback .
This constant is passed in as one of the parameters to the notify callback .
This constant is passed as the fifth parameter of the notify callback .
Server side subsystems
The SVN :: Repos , SVN :: Ra and SVN :: Fs subsystems are used exclusively by perl modules that support and customize local and remote repository access .
SVN :: Repos – provides access to commands to create , open , and administer a repository .
It is the API analog to the svnadmin command .
Whereas SVN :: Client operates on a specific revision or set of revisions , SVN :: Repos commands operate on the repository as a whole .
Repository manipulation commands include hook definition , access to node and commit editors , initialization and clean up of transactions , and dumping and loading of repository content and metadata .
SVN :: Repos objects are only used to access a repository locally on the current machine .
If you are developing tools to access the repository directly , you can create a repository object via one of two functions defined in the SVN :: Repos package : SVN :: Repos ::open ( ... ) opens an existing repository
SVN :: Repos:: create ( ... ) creates a new repository Both methods return an SVN :: Repos object which can be used to manipulate and extract data from an open repository .
For documentation of repository manipulation methods , see the file svn_repos.h in the C/C++ API documentation .
Any method defined in that file is a method of an SVN :: Repos object if it takes svn_repos_t as its first parameter .
If you are developing Perl tools to support the server side of remote access , you wo n't work with SVN :: Repos directly .
Instead you use an SVN :: Ra object .
This method provides access to the same commands but insures that the user and system requesting remote access has rights to do what it wants .
The code that creates an SVN :: Ra object on the server side is usually part of a module that has been registered on the web - server as the handler for URI 's that match a particular pattern or protocol .
Inside this module , an instance of SVN :: Ra is created .
Its methods can be used to perform various standard and custom actions on the repository .
SVN :: Ra provides an object representing the client and server sides of remote repository access .
This obect combines data specific to a user requesting remote access and data specific to a repository with an implementation for a specific repository method .
SVN supports many kinds of remote access and new ones can be created by defining remote acess plug-ins .
Remote access plugins provide support for specific remote access mechanisms .
Recent versions of subversion , including the versions supported by Alien :: SVN ( 1.4.6 ) have well developed support for remote access via the file system , Web - DAV / SSL , ssh , and a properietary svnserve protocol .
SVN :: Fs provides an object representing the file system that backs a repository .
SVN supports more than one kind of repository storage mechanism .
Recent versions of subversion , including the versions supported by Alien : : SVN support both Berkley DB or a FSFS backends .
Full access to the file system is only available using local access methods .
The SVN :: Repos : : fs ( ) function returns an instance of this object .
No such method exists on SVN :: Ra .
SVN :: Ra provides only indirect access to the file system .
SVN :: Delta SVN :: Delta defines objects and constants needed to create , view , and edit deltas .
Each time subversion commits a group of files it captures all of the changes made by those files in a delta .
The delta is defined in such a way that we can always construct a later revision from an earlier revision plus a delta .
Similarly given two revisions we can always construct whatever delta is needed to move forward in time from the earlier revision to the later revision .
Deltas , however , are not reversible – they can not be used to go backwards in time from the later revision to the earlier revision .
You wo n't need to work with deltas unless you plan to write a customized commit command , a remote access method or some other command that studies and reports on how the repository and its files have changed over time .
Deltas are used by three types of processes : processes that generate commit requests , processes that receive and apply commit requests , and processes that massage , import or export data stored in a repository .
Svn:: Client generates deltas whenever a group of files is committed .
It compares the most recently committed version of each file to the currently uncommitted version of each file .
The delta is then sent onto the repository as the commit request .
The methods used by this delta creation process are all functions defined within the SVN :: Delta namespace .
Full documentation can be found by looking at the source code for svn_delta.h
When an SVN :: Ra object recieves a commit request , it extract a delta from it and applies the delta to the existing version , thus creating the new version .
The functions used to apply the delta are also declared in svn_delta.h and documentation can be found by looking at the source code for svn_delta.h .
The subversion repository itself stores version history of each file as a set of deltas .
By applying N deltas to revision X we get revision X + N. Consequently , deltas are also used when importing , viewing , or exporting the change history of a repository .
They are also used to update working copies from the repository and by diff commands .
All of these commands work with deltas via a SVN :: Delta : : Editor object .
Both SVN :: Ra and SVN :: Repos have methods that accept a customized instance of SVN :: Delta : : Editor and use it to scan the repository 's set of deltas .
Its behavior can be customized by overriding methods that define which deltas are interesting and what to do with them .
Additional modules in Alien :: SVN Alien :: SVN provides three other modules in addition to the subsystem classes , : SVN : : Core – enumerations and definitions for data structures shared by two or more of the subsystems .
SVN :: Base – perlifies access to portions of the C/C++ API libraries .
You wo n't normally use this class directly – instead it is used as the base class for all of the other classes .
Alien :: SVN – not really a class as much as a place holder .
If this appears in the depends list of a CPAN package , CPAN will automatically fetch the files needed for the Perl SVN API .
It also downloads the source code for subversion 1.4.6 and compiles the API libraries .
( The command line binaries are not compiled since Alien : : SVN does n't use them .
Memory Pools
Most of the API functions accept a “ pool ” parameter .
A pool is a large chunk of memory that can be allocated and deallocated as a single unit or broken up into small chunks .
It is a convenient way to allocate tiny bits of data that need to be cleaned up as a group .
As such , it is especially well suited to recursive algorithms which typically allocate lots of data for child nodes and then need to clean up all of those nodes as a group .
Subversion has a lot of recursive programming and pools are especially suitable for its internal architecture .
Pools are one of many data structures and resources that subversion has borrowed from the Apache Portable Runtime library – an OS independent library for performing various “ system ” like functions , including memory allocation and release .
You can find more about how subversion uses pools by looking in the subversion book .
For versions 1.3 and above , the relevant section in chapter 8 is titled “ The Apache Portable Runtime Library ” .
For earlier subversion versions ( 1.0 - 1.2 ) , memory pools are discussed in a section titled ” Programming with memory pools ” .
The subversion API perl binding provide access to pool objecgtvs via the SVN :: Pool class .
Exception handling
By default , exceptions thrown by the Subversion API cause Alien : : SVN to croak .
To override this behavior with custom exception handling create a custom subclass of svn_error_t and assign it to the $ SVN :: Error : : handler global variable .
The SVN :: Core module recommends that those interested in defining a custom error handler take a look at the implementation of SVN :: Error::croak_on_error and SVN :: Error:: expanded_message .
One should also look at the C/C++ API documentation of svn_error_t .
Using the C/C++ API
The documentation for the Perl SVN API is somewhat sketchy .
For more detailed information about each of its modules , you might wish to look at the C/C++ API documentation , found here .
The Perl documentation for Alien :: SVN is sometimes sketchy , but it usually preserves the names of functions and constants used in the C/C++ API and notes the exceptions .
The following table summarizes the mapping betwen C/C++ API documentation and the subsystem modules : SVN module C/C++ header file SVN :: Client svn_client.h SVN :: Repos svn_repos.h SVN :: Ra svn_ra.h SVN :: Fs svn_fs.h SVN :: Wc svn_wc.h SVN :: Delta svn_delta.h
A few especially important C/C++ APIs also have a perl oriented name : e.g. SVN :: Delta:: Editor is the perl name for svn_delta_editor in the C/C++ API .
All of the other C/C++ API types , classes and variables use the same name in both the C/C++ API and in the perl bindings .
For example , both the C/C++ API call the custom error handler class svn_error_t .
For more information , please see the documentation of the various files in the Alien : : SVN distribution .
Paths in Subversion Subversion functions get around portability problems by using relative and absolute URIs .
Working copies of files and directories may be identified using either relative or absolute URIs .
Relative URIs are always resolved relative to the current directory .
Files and directories with a repository are identified using fully qualified URIs .
In these URIs the protocol identifies the repository access method .
The initial portion of the path identifies the repository .
The remainder identifies a file or directory within the repository .
These URIs are expected to use UTF8 encoded canonical form .
All Uris are in canonical form using UTF8 encoding .
To properly produce paths for subversion you can use the following Perl CPAN modules : URI :: Escape – see particularly the functions uri_escape_utf8 ( ... ) and uri_unescape_utf8 (... ) .
URI – see particularly the method $ uri-> canonical ( ... ) .
CPAN distributions using the Subversion API
One of the best ways to comfortable with using an API is to look at applications that have already been written using that API .
Looking at existing applications is also a good way to avoid reinventing the wheel .
CPAN has about 40 subversion related distributions , 15 of which use Alien : : SVN to work with a subversion repository : CPAN distribution Description SVN - S4 Subclasses SVN :: Client by adding various helper functions .
SVN - Web A web based front end to subversion respositories .
It supports browsing revisions , visewing diffs , blames , and annotations ; generating RSS feeds of commits ; stepping through revisions and much more SVN - RaWeb - Light A light - weight web - based browser for a subversion repository .
Catalyst - Model - SVN
Subversion repository browser for use with Catylyst managed websites .
SVN - Log uses Alien - SVN where available and svn binaries dumps change logs from the subversion server SVN - Log - Index Generates a KinoSearch index for SVN log files , enabling full text search of those files .
SVN - Churn Generates a graph tracking the number of changed lines over time in a subversion repository .
Uses SVN - log to extract change logs Log-Accounting - SVN
Generates summary statistics reports for logs retrieved by SVN - Log SVN - Txn - Props
Ties transaction properties to a perl hash so that transactions can be programmatically viewed and manipulated , perhaps within a pre-commit hook .
SVN - Simple A simple implementation of an SVN :: Delta :: Editor subclass SVN - Mirror Mirrors a remote Subversion , CVS or Perforce repository SVN - Push Another subversion mirroring tool .
This one claims to be based on SVN - Mirror but pushes a subset of repository A onto repository B – is this importing ?
committing ?
SVN - Pusher
Yet another subversion mirroring tool .
SVN - Deploy Configures and manages a subversion repository as a deployment database .
A deployment database stores rules for extracting code from a codebase and compiling it into a distribution for use in testing and deployment .
Information about each product version is stored as a set of subversion properties .
CPAN distributions using Subversion binaries Occasionally there are times when the subversion libraries cannot be installed .
For example , subversion and the web server might be using different versions of the Apache Portable Runtime Library .
For this reason , some modules provide the option of using either the subversion binary or the subversion API .
They include : SVN - Log
SVN - Churn – based on SVN - Log
SVN - Log -Index – also based on SVN - Log
Log-Accounting - SVN – also based on SVN - Log In addition , CPAN has several distributions using the subversion binaries exclusively : CPAN distribution Description SVN - Agent Object oriented wrapper around the svn binary – each of the subcommands – add , commit , ls , cat , diff , etc correspond to methods on this object .
SVN - Class Subclasses Path : : Class to allow programatic access to subversion client side commands .
Path : : Class is a kinder gentler wrapper around File :: Spec. SVN - Look object oriented wrapper around Subversion 's svnlook binary SVN - SVNLook Another wrapper around Subversion 's svnlook binary App - SVN - Bisect Tool to search for a revision containing specific attributes , e.g. a text string or function name .
Used most often to find out when a feature or function was added to a repository .
Uses svn binary .
App -SVNBinarySearch
Another implementation of binary search using the svn binary .
CPAN also provides a number of Subversion modules that neither use the API nor binaries .
Most of these distributions fall into one of four categories : security – tools for generating and editing authz and other configuration files affecting repository security .
dump files – tools for parsing and editing dump files .
A dumpfile is a portable format for repository 's deltas .
Certain maintenance actions ( e.g. completely removing any trace of a file can only be done by editing the delta .
Editing deltas is also the only way to split up a single repository into several subrepositories .
binary diff files – tools for parsing files describing the difference between two revisions .
hooks – subversion lets one define scripts that execute custom actions before and after commits and other repository actions .
These subversion distributions provide tools to manage those hooks .
Most of the distributions customize the behavior of the post - commit hook using SVN :: Notify as a base .
application integration - tools for integrating subversion access with third party software , e.g. Request Tracker
public repository access – tools for accessing custom public repositories on the web , e.g. the OpenSVN.csie.org repository .
CPAN distribution Description SVN - ACL sets up subversion repository security using YAML files SVN - Access a command line and object oriented interface for maintaining subversion repository security .
SVN - Dump Parses a subversion dump file SVN - DumpReloc Script to rewrite paths in a dump file SVN - Dumpfile
Yet another parser and editor for subversion dump files SVN - Dumpfilter Edits a dump file using a visitor pattern .
Parse - SVNDiff
Parser for subversions binary diff format SVN - Hook a utility for managing the hooks used by a subversion repository .
To use this module you must plan to use SVN :: Hooks from the get - go .
It can used with existing repositories , but only if they have not yet defined any hooks .
SVN - Hooks
A perl library of composable hooks for use with SVN :: Hook managed repositories SVN - Notify A script that can be called from within a subversion repository post - commit hook .
The script relies on sendmail and so is likely limited to use on *nix style systems .
SVN - Notify - Config YAML based configuration of the SVN - Notify script SVN - Notify - Mirror Mirrors committed svn directories .
This is implemented as an action within a post - commit script managed by SVN - Notify .
SVN - Notify - Snapshot Enables a post - commit hook managed by SVN - Notify to take a snapshot of a recently committed subversion directory .
SVN - Notify - Filter - AuthZMail Tells SVN - Notify where to send commit notifications by reading the authz file .
SVN - Notify - Filter-EmailFlatFileDB
Uses a flat file database to generate email addresses for SVN - Notify SVN - Notify - Filter - Markdown Uses a file in Markdown format to generate email addresses for SVN - Notify SVN - Notify - Filter - Watchers Uses Subversion properties to generate email addresses for SVN - Notify RT - Integration - SVN Integrates subversion with Request Tracker WWW - OpenSVN generates http requests for projects stored at OpenSVN.csie.org .
OpenSVN is a free subversion repository sponsored by students at National Taiwan University Many thanks in advance , beth Re : RFC : Automating subversion with perl
( Chancellor ) on Jan 23 , 2009 at 03:17 UTC by roboticus on Jan 23 , 2009 at 03:17 UTC ELISHEVA : A bit much superfluous HTML in there ....
It makes it a chore to read when you have the HTML checking turned on .
... roboticus Re^2 : RFC : Automating subversion with perl
( Prior ) on Jan 23 , 2009 at 03:46 UTC by ELISHEVA on Jan 23 , 2009 at 03:46 UTC
Thanks for the feedback - the HTML was generated from open office .
I 'll know that any final version needs to be hand edited .
beth Re : RFC : Automating subversion with perl
( Deacon ) on Jan 28 , 2009 at 14:44 UTC by Zen on Jan 28 , 2009 at 14:44 UTC
Needs a tutorial .
Very interesting from a high - level perspective .
Re : RFC : Automating subversion with perl
by Anonymous Monk on Mar 10 , 2009 at 11:53 UTC very nice doc ... but is there any link for sample perl script for pre-commit hooks for access permision ...
i mean i want to have perl script to have some groupA with user name can commit in BranchA Only Back to Meditations
Predictable Costs for IT Management Services
A simple , firm - fixed managed services IT pricing agreement , with no term commitment required .
Continuous Process Improvement
Profit from the Dataprise CPI model based on ITIL ® – the technology industry ’s leading service framework .
Flexibility to Scale Up or Down
Managed IT service plans allow you to change your managed IT support based on your user count and infrastructure .
Fully - Managed or Co-Managed
You choose !
Leave all of your IT management services to us , or we can work right alongside you and your IT team .
Chemical flame retardants have been linked to cancer , obesity , infertility , and developmental brain disorders .
Along with other unsafe chemicals in synthetic foams and textiles , they off - gas into indoor air and degrade into easily - ingested dust particles .
Exposure to these compounds has resulted in unprecedented levels in our bodies , with children being the most vulnerable .
Organic mattresses and furniture are the healthy and safe alternative .
You already pay your bills online and get electronic statements , but there are even more ways you can stop killing innocent trees and wasting time and money dealing with paper .
It 's time we went paperless .
Advertisement
Reduce Unnecessary Postal Mail
Junk mail and catalogs are two of the biggest sources of annoying and unwanted paper .
Instead of contacting every company who sends you a catalog or piece of mail and asking to be removed from their mailing list , there are services who help you opt out en masse .
Advertisement
Credit card offers and direct marketing mail
At Optoutprescreen.com , you can request to be permanently or temporarily removed from credit and insurance offer mailing lists .
At DMAchoice you can register to opt out of direct marketing mail you do n't want as well .
The Federal Trade Commission 's Consumer Alert also includes information on how to stop receiving unsolicited mail and telemarketer calls .
Catalogs
For a cheap $ 20 per year , the Mailstopper service ( formerly known as GreenDimes ) will help you get off catalog mailing lists and they 'll also plant five trees in your name .
I have n't used Mailstopper personally , but several of my friends have .
In fact , Googler Matt Cutts blogged about how he reduces junk mail using Mailstopper and other services like CatalogChoice .
" Print " and Scan to PDF
Instead of printing documents onto paper and filing them away , " print " them to PDF files .
Mac users already have a " Save as PDF " option built into every Print dialog by default .
Windows users need a little extra software .
Advertisement
I use the free CutePDF Writer , which adds a PDF " printer " to your options .
Choose it and you 'll save the document to PDF ( instead of printing it on paper ) .
Adam likes doPDF , which serves the same purpose .
Advertisement
Most desktop search software , like Google Desktop or Mac OS X's Spotlight can search inside the contents of PDF files , so you do n't need any extra software to find PDF 's you 've saved .
See also Lifehacker readers ' picks of best PDF readers .
Five Best PDF Readers Adobe 's free PDF reader has long been a standard for handling its extremely popular document …
Read more
Advertisement
If you 've already got an important bit of paperwork in your hand but you want to digitize it , you need a good document scanner .
I 'm still loving my Fujitsu ScanSnap , a portable document scanner that I bust out for contracts , legal agreements , and other already - in - paper - form documents .
Advertisement
Here 's more on how to scan paperwork to PDF in one step .
A Word on Backing Up Your Data
Of course , once you start digitizing important paperwork , you 've got to have a good backup system in case your hard drive fails or computer crashes .
While fires , flood , and coffee spills can just as easily happen to paper , computer disasters are always possible .
Be sure you 've got automatic local and remote backup for your data just in case .
Advertisement
Digitize Your Signature and Email Instead of Fax
Advertisement
The biggest source of paper in my work life is contracts and client agreements that need to be signed and returned .
While people generally say " sign this and fax it back to us , " you can do it without getting paper involved .
First , create a digital version of your signature with a transparent background .
Then , get the documents via email , and email ( or eFax ) them back with your signature added to them .
( While there are lots of different kinds of electronic and digital signatures , this type will work for common consumer scenarios .
It wo n't work if you need something notarized or to appear with an original signature . )
Bypass Paper Entirely and Capture Information Electronically
Many of us walk around with mini-computers / digital cameras in our pockets thanks to smartphones , and we can use them to bypass paper entirely .
Instead of jotting your grocery shopping list on a scrap of paper , use Gmail Tasks , Remember the Mlik or your list manager of choice on your phone .
Transcribe whiteboards to PDF or even fax documents using previously - mentioned Qipit .
Also , popular note - taking application Evernote makes it dead easy to capture ideas , lists , and notes without killing a single tree .
Advertisement
What Little Paper You HAVE to Keep
Getting rid of ALL the paper in your home or office still is n't possible in a world where receipts , birth certificates , house deeds , marriage certificates , and other important information still needs to be in - hand .
To keep your financial paperwork volume down to a minimum , check out Get Rich Slowly 's guide to what money records you need to keep and for how long .
Then , keep your filing cabinet 's contents lean , mean , and organized .
Advertisement
In addition to the paper - reducing techniques mentioned above , folks on Twitter had more ideas for how to reduce paper :
Advertisement
fitzwillie says , " evites .
Video holiday cards . "
rossm says , " print on both sides of paper , refuse paper ( and plastic ) bags when shopping , print to pdf whenever possible "
NoahGK says , " for mail - in rebates , I scan to PDF ( for my records ) and mail the originals ( if there 's no online option ) . "
danielzev says , " I never ask for a receipt when using my debit card "
thompsonpaul says , " Put a No Junk Mail block on mailbox - get online versions of grocery , electronics , hardware flyers instead . "
norageddon says , " Mint.com for bank / credit / loan management , online bank statements , shoeboxed .com for receipt management "
deadparrot101 says , " I 've switched two Magazine subscriptions to PDF file transfers ! "
rickhuizinga says , " Reduce paper ?
Fujitsu SnapScan and Evernote .
All paper documents are scanned to PDF w/ OCR , saved to Evernote , and shredded . "
Dave_RI says , " re : Paperless - online shopping ( not catalogs ) , Kindle ( no books ) , News sites ( no newspapers / fewer magazines ) , Email ( less mail ) "
jesseGlacken says , " How I use less paper : News , bank statements & bills via web .
eBooks .
Cloth napkins & dishtowels vs paper .
Canvas grocery bags . "
khstapp says , " Have the post office hold your mail for a few weeks .
They stop dumping circulars and junk mail in your mail after a while . "
How do you reduce the amount of paper in your life ?
Give up your tips in the comments .
Advertisement
Gina Trapani , Lifehacker 's founding editor , never wants another piece of unnecessary paper in her life .
Her weekly feature , Smarterware , appears every Wednesday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Smarterware tag feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
by publius
Following up on Eric 's post , I just read this very insightful Q & A with Rick Perlstein ( author of Nixonland , Before the Storm ) on ACORN .
It 's about the best analysis I 've seen .
The upshot , according to Perlstein , is that ACORN is a largely manufactured crisis .
A few employees at an extremely marginal organization that does many good things got caught doing some very bad things .
The sound machine then preyed upon liberal journalists ' guilt , and got them to treat it like a huge scandal that is somehow relevant to the White House .
Here 's Perlstein :
I mean , why would a newspaper like the Post be training its investigative focus on ACORN now ?
Whether you think well or ill of ACORN , they ’re a very marginal group in the grand scheme of things — and about as tied to the White House as the PTA .
The real story is that millions of Americans do n’t consider a liberal president legitimate , and they ’re moving from that axiom to try to delegitimize the president in the eyes of the majority .
And one of the ways they do that is , frankly , by baiting the hook for mainstream media decision - makers who are terrified at the accusation of liberal bias .
He goes on to explain why the initial anti-ACORN outcry in 2008 was manufactured as well .
As they say , read the whole thing .
Where I live , the city Portage in Kalamazoo County in South - Western Michigan , we are privileged enough to have a rather lengthy railroad circle of track that basically bisects the town .
Privileged , you say ?
Why , are n’t trains the epitome of annoyance when you ’re stopped to let one pass especially while in a hurry for the hospital or a huge sale at Macy ’s ?
Yeah , I ’ll grant you that a fully - loaded and serpentine , hundred - car train can be a drag as it slowly clacks by ad infinitum .
But , let me point out that it ’s times like that when you can really stop and enjoy some of the coolest traveling graffiti ever seen !
Being an artist myself , I really do see the beauty and extensive work put into otherwise illegal activity .
Maybe you do n’t typically pay attention , but once you see it and realize that this beautiful and oft ignored artistry is splayed out right in front of you , it certainly makes getting held up by a train that much more fun .
Trust me , if you live in even the most ass - backwards industrial village , chances are pretty damn good you have a rail .
Next time a train trundles by , stop for a second ( or a half hour , in some cases ) and really take in a neat show .
You ’ll probably see some amazing art work like this :
Neuroendocronologists report that a nasal spray containing a chemical secreted by the body 's own immune system can improve the formation of long - term memories while sleeping .
Lisa Marshall and team at Germany 's University of Lubeck studied the impact of the substance , interlukin - 6 , on emotional and procedural memory retention .
From the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology :
To make this discovery , Marshall and colleagues had 17 healthy young men spend two nights in the laboratory .
On each night after reading either an emotional or neutral short story , they sprayed a fluid into their nostrils which contained either interleukin - 6 or a placebo fluid .
The subsequent sleep and brain electric activity was monitored throughout the night .
The next morning subjects wrote down as many words as they could remember from each of the two stories .
Those who received the dose of IL - 6 could remember more words .
Announcing a screencast demonstrating basic setup and usage of Riak .
Ben Ahlan ’s Video Code
Chat hosts me as guest , and we dive right in with some Python examples .
If you ’ve been thinking of trying Riak , but had n’t yet gotten around to downloading and experimenting , there ’s one more resource available this morning that might tip you over the edge .
Ben Ahlan and I recorded a screencast demonstrating basic setup and usage of Riak .
If you can stand watching two guys mumble over a console for 40 minutes , you may find a tip or two to make your experimentation go smoothly . 😉
I also hear that Martin Scholl gave an awesome talk at NoSQL Berlin .
I ca n’t wait to see the video .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Call Walt Disney World Ticketing at ( 407 ) 566 4985 to speak to a Disney staff member concerning the ticket .
The hours of Wholesale Cheap MLB Jerseys From China Monday through Friday from 9 am to 5 pm EST .
You must have the original ticket when you are calling .
Checkmate , liberals .
Over 100 fake hate crimes were reported in the past decade .
If our math checks out , that ’s ten hoaxes per year , also known as a whopping 0.003 percent to 0.005 percent of the 200,000 300,000 hate crimes reported annually .
Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium Cheap Wholesale Soccer Jerseys high heat .
Brown kielbasa and remove from pan .
Cover kielbasa with foil to keep warm .
According to Director of the National Security Archive Wholesale Soccer Jerseys Free Shipping Thomas Blanton and former Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara , a guy called Vasili Arkhipov “ saved the world ” .
The thing is , to launch a nuke , the top three Soviets on the B 59 needed a unanimous vote .
fake ray ban sunglasses Captain Savitsky and Political Officer Ivan Semonovich Maslennikov were all for it , but Arkhipov , a mere second in command , was not all that wild about wiping out human civilization .
It employs the concept of a second breather hole , like folks used when opening the old flat top beer cans of the 1950s with a Wholesale Cheap football Jerseys Free Shipping can opener or church key .
This technique is also referred to in slang as “ shot gunning a beer ” .
The question is what beer now comes to you in this new style “ Punch Top Can ” ?
( The correct answer is Miller Lite ) .
“ Wherever he goes , he ’s going to be happy , ” Rozier said of Sullinger ’s likely exit .
“ He ’s a great person mostly off the court and on the court .
He ’ll be fine wherever he goes .
It can also cause symptoms of Lou Gehrig ’s disease , also known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS .
Showing slides with evidence of both CTE and ALS in Turner ’s brain , McKee said that it ’s not possible to establish that the CTE caused Lou Gehrig ’s disease through an autopsy , “ but this is the best circumstantial evidence we will ever get . ” After helping Alabama to the national championship in 1992 , Turner played eight years in the NFL for New England and Philadelphia .
He was diagnosed with ALS in 2010 and pledged his brain to the Concussion Legacy Foundation that year .
McKee said Turner had several symptoms associated Discount Baseball Jerseys Free Shipping with CTE , including cognitive and impulse control difficulties .
She said it also appears that the disease damaged the motor cortex of his brain when he was young , http://www.cheapraybans2013.com
“ likely leading to his ALS symptoms .
” ” What Kevin Turner ’s case shows is that when you start playing football at 5 years old , and you ’re successful , it destroys your brain , ” said Chris Nowinski , a founder of the Concussion Legacy Foundation .
Nowinski said children whose brains are still developing should n’t be playing tackle football , pointing to medical research and even football coaches who say there would be benefits from playing non contact football until ninth grade .
” This is a totally preventable disease , ” McKee said .
ACORN filed suit against conservative site Breitbart.com in Maryland Wednesday .
| REUTERS ACORN files suit against filmmakers
ACORN filed suit today in Maryland against conservative filmmakers James O’Keefe , Hannah Giles and conservative Web site Breitbart.com for secretly taping the organization ’s employees at its Baltimore office .
In the complaint , ACORN alleges that the filmmakers entered into the organization ’s offices in July with a “ hidden camera and microphone ” and taped employees Tonja Thompson and Shera Williams .
Both employees are listed as plaintiffs on the complaint , filed in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City .
Advertisement
The crux of the lawsuit centers around a Maryland law which makes it illegal to tape someone without their consent – ACORN is alleging O’Keefe and Giles did so .
ACORN is asking for $ 500,000 in damages to be awarded to each of the employees filmed by O'Keefe and Giles , and ACORN itself wants $ 1 million in damages .
Breitbart.com , one of the suit ’s defendants , is run by conservative activist Andrew Breitbart , whose Web site BigGovernment.com first posted most of O’Keefe and Giles ’ videos .
Breitbart has appeared on television with the filmmaking duo , and has a content - sharing relationship with the Drudge Report .
This article tagged under : Lawsuits
ACORN
As scientists examine the LCROSS data for indications of water ice , a bigger question remains : where did the water come from ?
( credit : NASA ) Water on the Moon
On August 9 , 1976 , Luna 24 launched toward the Moon on a Proton rocket , and nine days later landed safely in the southern part of the unexplored Mare Crisium .
Within 24 hours , it deployed a drilling rig , extracted a core sample from two meters into the Moon , stowed it in its return capsule , and blasted off again with 170 grams of lunar soil .
Four days later it successfully re-entered the Earth ’s atmosphere over Siberia , and the core sample was taken to Moscow intact and uncontaminated ( as far as we know ) .
It was the last lunar mission of the Soviet Union , and the last from Earth to soft - land on the Moon ( as of this writing ) .
“ Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence ” is the statement often heard in response to any result implying lunar water .
To what extent is water on the Moon really an extraordinary claim ?
What it brought back was very special .
The core sample was found by scientists M. Akhmanova , B. Dement ’yev , and M. Markov of the Vernadsky Institute of Geochemistry and Analytic Chemistry to contain about 0.1 % water by mass , as seen by absorption in infrared spectroscopy ( at about 3 microns wavelength ) , at a detection level about 10 times above the threshold .
The trend was for the water signal to increase looking deeper below the lunar surface .
The original title of their paper in the February 1978 Russian - language journal Geokhimiia translates to “ Water in the regolith of Mare Crisium ( Luna - 24 ) ? ” and in the English - language version of the journal “ Possible Water in Luna 24 Regolith from the Sea of Crises ” — but the abstract claims a detection of water fairly definitively .
The authors point out that the sample shows no tendency to absorb water from the air , but they were not willing to stake their reputations on an absolute statement that terrestrial contamination was completely avoided .
Nonetheless , they claim to have taken every possible precaution and stress that this result must be followed up .
The three Soviet lunar sample return missions ( Luna 16 , 20 , and 24 ) from 1970 to 1976 brought back a total of 327 grams of lunar soil .
The six Apollo lunar landing missions in 1969 – 1972 returned 381,700 grams of soil and rock .
By 1978 it was widely held that the Apollo samples contained virtually no water , typically measuring in parts per billion , orders of magnitude less than the 1,000,000 parts per billion seen by Luna 24 .
The Soviet findings were completely ignored .
( According to my searches , no other author has cited their work . )
Recently scientists learned that , for a major subclass of Apollo samples , the no-water result was seriously mistaken .
Alberto Saal at Brown University and his collaborators showed , in the journal Nature in 2008 and other work in 2009 , that volcanic glasses from magma originating deep in the lunar interior contain water at levels up to 70 parts per million .
Furthermore , they calculate that most of this water was lost in the venting process , so probably started out at levels approaching one part per thousand , nearly at the level seen by Luna 24 .
Furthermore , the tendency has been for lunar scientists to think that the same processes that drove off most of the water from the Moon drove off other volatile , light elements .
For this reason it is also surprising that Saal and collaborators are finding up to 0.09 % sulfur ( probably as sulfur dioxide ) , even before one accounts for loss processes .
One could say , shockingly , that at least parts of the lunar interior are rich in sulfur , and hardly more depleted in water than many minerals on Earth , such as basalts along mid-ocean ridges .
Few scientists have found cause to dismiss to the Saal et al. compositional measurements .
They seem sound .
Other researchers ( such as Francis McCubbin and coworkers ) have found supporting results .
In 1996 to 1999 , Faith Vilas and collaborators employed methods akin to those used on the Luna 24 samples , and identical to those used to search for water on asteroids , to investigate whether hydration might be indicated on the Moon ’s surface near the poles .
By this time , investigators had come to accept that water might be found in the very coldest , permanently - shadowed craters near the lunar poles , but Vilas and collaborators found a hydration signal over vast areas of the polar region , even areas that might be heated above 100 °C during the lunar day .
This was a surprise , and one could argue that other interpretations were possible , but water seemed the simplest explanation .
Apparently , these authors could not convince any journal to publish this result for at least a decade .
In 2008 ( in a not - widely - read Japanese journal ) , this team was able to publish a more subdued version of their original findings .
On the one hand , the primordial glancing collision theorized to have created the Moon from the temporarily disrupted Earth 50 million years after its first formation likely heated the debris to thousands of degrees above absolute zero , driving off most of the volatiles .
On the other , it is possible to find loopholes in this statement , even if the model is largely true .
“ Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence ” is the statement often heard in response to any result implying lunar water .
This is despite our knowledge of water present on nearly every other large body in the Solar System .
To what extent is water on the Moon really an extraordinary claim ?
Extraordinary evidence was provided by the Moon Mineralogy Mapper ( M- cubed ) , a hyperspectral imaging instrument funded by NASA for India ’s Chandrayaan - 1 lunar orbiter .
M-cubed made use of the same 3 - micron signature utilized for Luna 24 .
Since then four other spacecraft have been used to produce data confirming this signal ( in addition to some of the first indications in 1998 from the Lunar Prospector epithermal neutron experiment ) .
NASA is fully supportive of the validity of these results .
These are data that everyone seems prepared to believe , although I will say that in addition to all of the other , earlier sources , I have seen additional , convincing evidence .
( Ironically , much of this evidence is associated with sites chosen for later Apollo landings that were then cancelled . )
One must be willing to relax the “ extraordinary ” requirement only slightly in order to see the patterns , however .
Hopefully , now we can have a reasonable conversation about the nature of water on the Moon .
There are several possible sources of lunar hydration , but three primary hypotheses :
Water vapor delivered to the lunar atmosphere by impacting comets and meteoroids .
A fraction of these molecules will propagate in the Moon ’s atmosphere to permanently shadowed craters that are cold enough to make the molecules stick to these surfaces over geologically long timescales .
Protons delivered by the solar wind and implanted in the lunar soil to react with oxygen ( 45 % of the soil ’s content ) and form water , or at least hydroxyl .
Water vapor from the lunar interior .
In other words , we know at one time water vapor was reaching the surface in volcanic vents .
( It is clear that the water in volcanic glasses is not solar - wind protons , nor is the sulfur of course . )
Why could not some of this vapor simply have seeped up to the soil near the surface ?
We have three basic hypotheses , all predicting different surface and depth distributions , in ways that will likely prove critical for harvesting this water for use by humans and rocket engines .
Water from comets will collect in these special cold traps near the poles , but the hydration signal is found over the whole polar region .
This is more like what is expected from the third option , because the soil just below the surface near the poles is very cold .
Water molecules become motionless in the soil — maybe not as long as molecules in the permanent cold - trap craters , but they do not need to .
Water vapor from the interior will tend to get caught at least several meters down , where an individual molecule will need to unstick and re-stick many times before reaching the vacuum of the surface .
Regarding the solar wind - implanted protons , not until the recent M- cubed results did scientists consider the possibility that molecules might stick to surfaces in the polar regions outside the cold - trap craters , surfaces that are heated to high temperatures every month .
It is still not clear that this idea will work .
Water vapor from the interior interacting before reaching the surface , however , is always insulated from these hot surface temperatures .
As I write this , the LCROSS spacecraft have taken their fatal plunge into the lunar polar crater Cabeus as planned , and excavated a much smaller ejecta plume than many had anticipated .
Given the weakness of this signal , it will probably be some time before we know what the water composition of this material might be .
If it is high , in the range of a percent or more , this bodes well for a model in which water permeates the soil to significant depth , as indicated by the internal - origin option .
Of course water vapor seeping to the surface might be patchy , as it is for volcanic processes on Earth .
If we see little water , I am not sure what it tells us .
We may have just hit the wrong patch .
LCROSS has come and gone .
There are vanishingly few spacecraft in the works that will address the problem of the origin of water and its distribution in depth and across the lunar surface .
We have three basic hypotheses , all predicting different surface and depth distributions , in ways that will likely prove critical for harvesting this water for use by humans and rocket engines ( as liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen ) : scraping up solar - wind implanted protons over the surface at large will require radically different equipment than plowing the surfaces in permanently - shadowed craters .
If the water comes from the interior , we probably need to drill down a few meters to reach it , where it is probably in the form of ice that can be heated and extracted .
In any case we need to look at the surface and down perhaps 15 meters ( probably with ground - penetrating radar ) in order to locate the best places to mine water .
A dry hole might easily cost a billion dollars .
We also cannot pollute the neighborhood with our own rocket exhaust before we find out where and how to access this water , not to mention studying its scientific implications .
Currently our exploration plans , requiring robots before we send humans , are nowhere near such a capability .
We have not been thinking in these terms .
Now that we know there is water on the Moon , the solar system may now be open to us .
Hopefully now all what will limit us is the equipment that we can send there , not our inability to accept the evidence before us that water exists on the Moon .
Home
Every GeekDad 's favorite online comic xkcd has recently been animated in the most delightful of ways .
The below video pays homage to the work of Randall Munroe , the velociraptor - fearing creative mind behind the world 's most famous stick figure comic book .
It uses the " xkcd love the discovery channel " comic as the basis for what one YouTube commenter aptly titled " the first ever xkcd ad . "
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHoDsZDMH_Y
So what the heck is Camelina ?
Until I read that it was used as the greater source of the biofuel component for the test flight of the Japanese Airlines plane in February , I must confess I had never heard of it .
So since it has obviously got some legs ( there was a greater percentage of it than of the algae derived fuel ) herewith some thoughts picked up as I wandered through some Web pages , seeking more information .
Apparently camelina came to the United States out of Europe , though it started out in Central Asia and the Mediterranean .
In Europe much of the early cultivation of the crop has been replaced with canola fields , and it appears to compete with it as a crop .
It arrived in Montana in about 2004 where it appealed both to farmers – as a source of omega - 3 fatty acids , and to researchers who were looking for a source of biodiesel .
The early work suggested that it could be sold more cheaply ( $ 2 a gallon in 2005 ) than soy - generated biodiesel ( $ 3 a gallon ) , but a cheaper price is hardly guaranteed to induce farmers to grow it .
The oil has historically been used for cooking , with the meal fed to animals .
Recent interest in the plant was spurred by the omega - 3 content :
there is renewed interest in Camelina for its oil which is rich in the omega - 3 , alpha - linolenic acid ( ALA ) .
Ironically , this quality had contributed to its decline , due to difficulties with hydrogenating the highly unsaturated oil for margarine .
Linseed ( 60 % ALA ) and Camelina ( 45 % ALA ) oils are by far the richest plant sources of omega - 3 .
Rapeseed has lower levels of ALA ( 10 % ) and sunflower almost none .
Camelina oil is more stable than linseed , due to its natural antioxidants , which also have health benefits in their own right .
It is a branch of the mustard family , and has the benefit over canola in that it is resistant to flea beetles , which are a problem for canola in Montana .
Like canola it prefers cooler climates ; for greatest yields being planted before the 15th – 20th March in Montana with harvesting in Late June to late July .
( Similar dates hold for planting and harvesting in Wales . )
Thus in 2006 there were somewhere between 7,000 and 20,000 acres planted in Montana , in 2007 this grew to 24,000 acres .
It also has the benefit , over canola , of being able to survive drought and spring freezing .
Further there is a winter variety that can be grown in areas with mild winters .
The report from Montana State describes the oil content as :
Camelina oil has unique properties .
The oil contains about 64 percent polyunsaturated , 30 percent monounsaturated , and 6 percent saturated fatty acids .
Importantly , camelina oil is very high in alpha- linolenic acid ( ALA ) , an omega - 3 fatty acid which is essential in human and animal diets and has important implications for human health .
The oil also contains high levels of gamma- tocopherol ( vitamin E ) which confers a reasonable shelf life without the need for special storage conditions .
In comparison to canola ( rapeseed ) which produces some 127 gal / acre , camelina is reported to produce in the 62 to 100 gal / acre range .
Field trials of production showed a wide range of results from 330 to 1700 lbs of seed per acre , with oil content varying between 29 and 40 % .
There are however a significant number of varieties of the plant and thus tests have been carried out to determine which might yield the better crop given the Montana growing conditions .
Optimal seeding rates seem to be in the 6 - 8 lb/ acre range , because the small size of the seed ( 400,000 seeds per lb. ) apparently make it more difficult to ensure germination and achieve an optimal plant density of around 9 plants / sq. ft .
It does apparently grow better when the ground nutrients are supplemented with nitrogen up to levels of 80 lb / acre .
The Montana report ends with the following
At this point there are many more questions than answers when it comes to camelina production and use .
Early experience in Montana has shown that with good management , and timely planting , good crop yields can be attained .
As a broadleaf cool season crop , camelina could become a good complementary crop to wheat , providing a needed break from cereals in wheat production .
Crop rotation is a great way to reduce disease and insect pressure for any crop , and there are few good economic crop rotation options for wheat in Montana .
Weed control is a major limitation to camelina production .
Currently there are no herbicides registered for use with this crop , which means rescuing a field that becomes infested with weeds is difficult .
However varieties of the plant produces its own herbicide .
Data on crop production is still somewhat limited since the USDA did not start data collection until 2007 , and the 2008 report was issued this April .
Production in Montana in 2008 was significantly down ( at 12,200 acres ) over that of 2007 .
The average yield was 569 lb / acre , down 4.8 % over 2007 , though the range from 400 to 1000 lb / acre makes it unlikely that any conclusion can be drawn from those numbers .
The Welsh report comments on the current extraction process :
Camelina typically contains approximately 35 % oil .
Cold pressing is not 100 % efficient , the proportion of oil extracted being dependant on the type of seed and how well the press is set up .
As an example , a tonne ( 1000 kg ) of Camelina will contain 350 kg of oil , of which the press will extract 250 kg .
Cold pressing ( 40C ) is required , because high temperatures will damage the antioxidants .
Drought , lack of sunshine during seed formation , herbicide desiccation applied too early , and downy mildew infection may all lower the oil content of the seed .
In Wales they can get up to 1 t/ acre .
Oregon is considering growing the crop after looking at trials in nearby states :
Under dryland conditons in Montana , camelina is expected to yield 1,800 to 2,000 pounds of seed per acre in areas with 16 to 18 in hes of rainfall and 900 to 1,700 lb / acre with 13 to 15 inches of rainfall .
Under irrigation , seed yields of 2,400 lb / acre have been reported .
Three years of yield trials at Moscow , Idaho show a 2,100 to 2,400 lb / acre seed yield potential with 25 inches of rainfall .
At present there are restrictions on the growing of canola in Oregon :
Oregon officials in 2005 restricted canola - for - oil production in the valley to protect the valley 's high - value vegetable seed crops .
Officials recently announced they are going to renew the prohibitions .
" I would like to grow canola , but the state interferes with that , too , " Van Leeuwen said .
Fears are canola will attract insect pests common to canola and brassica crops and that canola will cross pollinate with cauliflower and broccoli , lowering seed purity and eventually driving vegetable seed contractors out of the valley .
Camelina may overcome some of those concerns .
So my quick look suggests that it about on a par with canola ( rapeseed ) with some survival benefits over that plant as a crop , that it is only just being introduced into the United States as a crop and that , while it has potential , and there are some productive strains identified , it is still a little early in the game to know if it will pan out quite as well as the Biofuels Digest suggests .
Click to viewWhat happens when a tree rubs up against a power line too much ?
The power line asserts some authority , and the tree turns into a giant tower of flames .
Neat ! [ CollegeHumor via Geekologie ]
Advertisement
Alabama 's steady rise in the rankings has left the Crimson Tide with a clear view of No. 1 Florida .
Alabama jumped Texas into second - place behind top - ranked Florida in the AP Top 25 on Sunday , giving the Southeastern Conference the Nos. 1 and 2 teams in the country .
The Crimson Tide moved up one spot after rolling over Mississippi 22 - 3 .
Texas , which had been No. 2 all season , slipped a spot after sputtering early in a 38 - 14 victory against Colorado .
The Gators and Tim Tebow beat LSU 13 - 3 .
They have been an overwhelming No. 1 since the preseason , but support for Alabama has steadily grown .
Florida received 50 of 60 first - place votes from the media panel , a season low .
The Crimson Tide received 10 first - place votes , up from five last week .
It 's the second time in the past two seasons that Alabama and Florida have held the top two spots in the rankings .
Last year , the Crimson Tide was No. 1 and the Gators No. 2 for two weeks before they played in the SEC title game .
Texas for the first time this season did not receive a first - place vote .
The Longhorns might be able to get some support back by beating No. 20 Oklahoma on Saturday in the Red River Rivalry .
No . 4 Virginia Tech , No. 5 Boise State and No. 6 Southern California each moved up one spot .
In the battle for Ohio , Ohio State moved up to No. 7 and ahead of No. 8 Cincinnati after a 31 - 13 victory over previously unbeaten Wisconsin .
The Bearcats , who were idle Saturday and have a Big East showdown with No. 21 South Florida on Thursday night , were ahead of the Buckeyes in the rankings last week for the first time since 1951 .
Miami is No. 9 and LSU dropped six spots to No. 10 after its first loss .
In the USA Today coaches ' poll , Florida is No. 1 , Texas is No. 2 and Alabama is No. 3 .
In the Harris Poll , the top three is the same as the AP poll .
The coaches ' poll and Harris poll are used in the BCS standings , which will be released next week for the first time this season .
In the AP Top 25 , No. 11 Iowa had another narrow escape , beating Michigan 30 - 28 to stay unbeaten .
No. 12 TCU also had a close call , but stayed undefeated with a 20 - 17 victory in the cold and wind against Air Force .
No. 13 is Oregon followed by Penn State and Nebraska , which vaulted six spots to 15th after beating Missouri on the road .
After the Cornhuskers are Big 12 rivals Oklahoma State and Kansas .
No. 18 is BYU , Georgia Tech is 19th and Oklahoma No. 20 .
The final five has South Florida and South Carolina , then three teams that re-entered the rankings this week .
No. 23 Houston moved back into the rankings after beating Mississippi State 31 - 28 in Starkville .
No . 24 Utah rallied in the fourth quarter to beat Colorado State 24 - 17 and No. 25 Notre Dame got back into the AP rankings on an off week .
The Fighting Irish host USC on Saturday , with a chance to drop out or make a big move back up the rankings .
While the SEC holds the top two spots in the Top 25 , the conference only has four ranked teams this week , down from six last week .
The Big 12 has the most ranked teams with five .
Ole Miss , which began the season in the top 10 , dropped out of the rankings for the first time in 2009 .
Auburn also fell out after losing its first game of the season and Missouri dropped from the rankings .
In the VASIMR rocket , magnetic fields force the charged plasma out the back of the engine , producing thrust in the opposite direction .
Image copyright : Ad Astra Rocket Company .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Last Wednesday , the Ad Astra Rocket Company tested what is currently the most powerful plasma rocket in the world .
As the Webster , Texas , company announced , the VASIMR VX - 200 engine ran at 201 kilowatts in a vacuum chamber , passing the 200 - kilowatt mark for the first time .
The test also marks the first time that a small - scale prototype of the company 's VASIMR ( Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket ) rocket engine has been demonstrated at full power .
" It 's the most powerful plasma rocket in the world right now , " says Franklin Chang - Diaz , former NASA astronaut and CEO of Ad Astra .
The company has signed an agreement with NASA to test a 200 - kilowatt VASIMR engine on the International Space Station ( ISS ) in 2013 .
The engine could provide periodic boosts to the ISS , which gradually drops in altitude due to atmospheric drag .
ISS boosts are currently provided by spacecraft with conventional thrusters , which consume about 7.5 tonnes of propellant per year .
By cutting this amount down to 0.3 tonnes , Chang - Diaz estimates that VASIMR could save NASA millions of dollars per year .
But Ad Astra has bigger plans for VASIMR , such as high - speed missions to Mars .
A 10 - to 20 - megawatt VASIMR engine could propel human missions to Mars in just 39 days , whereas conventional rockets would take six months or more .
The shorter the trip , the less time astronauts would be exposed to space radiation , which is a significant hurdle for Mars missions .
VASIMR could also be adapted to handle the high payloads of robotic missions , though at slower speeds than lighter human missions .
Chang - Diaz has been working on the development of the VASIMR concept since 1979 , before founding Ad Astra in 2005 to further develop the project .
The technology uses radio waves to heat gases such as hydrogen , argon , and neon , creating hot plasma .
Magnetic fields force the charged plasma out the back of the engine , producing thrust in the opposite direction .
Due to the high velocity that this method achieves , less fuel is required than in conventional engines .
In addition , VASIMR has no physical electrodes in contact with the plasma , prolonging the engine 's lifetime and enabling a higher power density than in other designs .
More information : www.AdAstraRocket.com
via : New Scientist
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further To Mars and Beyond : Plasma Rocket Research
So , Iran has tentatively struck a deal that will involve shipping most of its known supply of low - enriched uranium overseas .
But forget the hype about a grand bargain with Tehran .
This is a modest step forward , at best .
" We are buying something like seven to 10 months , " a nameless insider told the Christian Science Monitor .
And even that short timeline might be an overstatement .
There are at least 50 cascades of 164 centrifuges each now installed at the Natanz enrichment facility , although many were still under vacuum in August .
According to Alexander Glaser , a single cascade of 164 IR - 1 centrifuges could be expected to produce up to 113 kilograms of 3.5 percent low - enriched uranium ( LEU ) a year .
Discount the efficiency of operations somewhat ( Geoff Forden suggests 85 percent based on past performance at Natanz ) , and Iran could recreate 1,200 kilograms of LEU in a shade over four months using 36 cascades .
With 54 cascades going , it would take less than three months .
I 'm not predicting that Iran will go flat - out to recreate its present LEU stockpile , but I would expect them to keep enriching at some rate .
That rate may vary ; having discovered what sort of safeguarded LEU stockpile the West , Russia and China are prepared to tolerate , the Iranian side might seek to influence the pace and urgency of future talks by the pace of operations at Natanz .
Also , we cannot really expect this narrow , technical transaction to bring about a sea change in relations .
For a preview of how the Iranians are likely to sell it to their own public , consider this item from the IRIB news agency , which couches the uranium export as an Iranian demand :
The Islamic Republic of Iran demands that up to %5 of enrichment for Tehran 's research reactor to be done in Iran and then be sent to one of the three countries ( Russia , France or America ) for more enrichment .
This bargain , we can be sure , will be touted in Tehran as a victory — meaning , of course , a defeat for the other side .
That 's the political context in which these talks operate .
Future rounds probably wo n't be much different .
Actually reaching a grand bargain on all the issues dividing Iran and the West would deprive the Islamic revolution of any substance ; forget it .
These are nuclear talks , with perhaps some excursions into hostage negotiations .
( There is precedent for goodwill gestures . )
The real challenge before the United States and the other major powers is to decide what they really want most .
Zero enrichment and reprocessing in Iran ?
Significantly strengthened safeguards ?
And then , there 's deciding how to get there .
* Joshua Pollack is a columnist at the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists and blogs about nuclear issues at ArmsControlWonk.com , where this post originally appeared .
This is his first contribution to Danger Room . *
[ Photo : President .
Ir ]
ALSO :
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
From time to time I like to throw out a topics that can be debatable .
I believe that the Green movement is for the best but I feel some take it to far .
I hear people say we should ban plastic grocery bags , plastic beverage containers and other plastic products .
I do believe we need to keep these products out of the land fill and also stop littering with these products .
We need to educate more on the topic of recycling .
I what to show you an example of a product and a company that has taken recycling to a different level .
Trex Decking is a composite decking that is durable , easy to use and great looking .
There are many other companies that supply a similar product but from my experience trex is one of the best .
I have taken one piece of information from Trex ’s website http://www.trex.com to explain how well they recycle .
Recycling Facts
* Trex keeps some 300,000 tons of plastic and wood scrap out of landfills every year .
* that comes to about 600,000,000 pounds saved annually
* NO TREES ARE CUT DOWN for the purpose of making Trex .
Our wood comes from :
* reclaimed wood from woodworking operations
* used pallets
* sawdust ( 300 million pounds a year )
* Trex recycles all forms of polyethylene .
* Trex is one of the largest plastic bag recyclers in the United States .
* Grocery / Retail / Drug Stores
7 out of every10 recycled grocery bags in the U.S. end up at Trex ( about 1.5 billion per year )
* Industrial Accounts
* Agricultural Operations
* Food & Beverage plants
* Government agencies
* Colleges & Universities
* Bulk Pellets / Flake & Densified
* Our manufacturing process is as green as our final product .
* Trailers are hydraulically powered with vegetable - based oil
* Our proprietary processing method eliminates smokestacks
* Factory runoff / refuse is recycled back into the manufacturing line
* As much as possible , Trex packaging is made from recycled paper and plastic .
* We regularly seek out third - party audits to make sure we ’re continuously improving our green practices while meeting all environmental , health and safety guidelines and regulations .
Green Projects and Affiliations
* Trex Company is a proud member of The U.S. Green Building Council ( USGBC ) the nation ’s foremost coalition of leaders from every sector of the building industry .
* Works to transform the way buildings and communities are designed , built , and operated
* Goal : to create an environmentally and socially responsible environment that improves the quality of life
* Trex has been included in national environmental projects such as :
* the BASF Near Zero Energy Home in Paterson , NJ
* the Solar Decathlon , a collegiate green building competition
* the National Building Museum ’s “ The Green House ” exhibit in Washington , D.C .
* Maui Wildlife Refuge Complex , Kealia Pond NWR in Hawaii
* Point Defiance Zoo , Theater and Kids Zone in Tacoma , WA
“ Directly quoted from Trex website ” www.Trex.com
Now I think this product is great and it along with many similar products would not exist if we did not have these plastic products .
So I do n’t think we should ban water bottles .
We need to just more conscious of recycling these plastic products .
I have personally been to the Trex plant in Nevada and have seen the garbage that is unloaded on a daily basis .
Believe me it is straight garbage but it is a beautiful product when it comes out the other end .
The plastic and wood is ground into fine pieces , then heated and blended in a huge hopper .
When it reaches the proper consistency it is pushed through a die similar to a pasta press to make the shape .
As it passes through the die it immediately goes into a trough of water to cool .
Plastic products have a place and a purpose .
So I do n’t think we should ban water bottles and plastic bags .
I think we should all recycle more and buy products like Trex that do a good job with recycling .
Please leave a comment and tell the other reader what you think .
My skin looks and feels great all thanks to Shivani .
After years of dealing with acne and discoloration on my face , I finally found the right person to make me feel great about my skin .
In addition , the facility is beautiful and the ladies in the front are so sweet .
I will definitely recommend Clinic Dermatech to anyone interested in cosmetic
- Ankita Sah Faridabad
As many of you are well aware , we ’ve been experiencing some serious downtime the past couple of days .
Starting Friday evening , our network storage became virtually unavailable to us , and the site crawled to a halt .
We ’re hosting everything on Amazon EC2 , aka .
“ the cloud ” , and we ’re also using their EBS service for storage of everything from our database , logfiles , and user data ( repositories . )
Amazon EBS is a persistent storage solution for EC2 , where you get high - speed ( and free ) connectivity from your instances , while it ’s also replicated .
That gives you a lot for free , since you do n’t have to worry about hardware failure , and you can create periodic “ snapshots ” of your volumes easily .
While we were down , it was unknown to us what exactly the problem was , but it was almost certainly a problem with the EBS store .
We ’ve been working closely with Amazon the past 24 hours resolving the issue , and this post will outline what exactly went wrong , and what was done to remedy the problem .
Symptoms
What we were seeing on the server was high load , even after turning off anything that took up CPU .
Load is a result of stuff “ waiting to happen ” , and after reviewing iostat , it became apparent that the “ iowait ” was very high , while the “ tps ” ( transactions per second ) was very low for our EBS volume .
We tried several things at this point :
Un-mounting and re-mounting the volume .
Runing xfs_check on the volume , which reported no errors ( we use XFS . )
Moving our instances and volumes from us - east - 1b to both us - east - 1a and us - east - 1c .
None of these resolved the problem , and it was at this point we decided to upgrade to the “ Gold plan ” of support to gain access to the 1 - hour turnaround technical support with Amazon .
The Support ( 0 hours after reporting it )
We filed an “ urgent ” ticket with Amazons support system , and within 5 minutes we had them on the phone .
I spoke to the person there , describing our issue , continuously claiming that everything pointed to a network problem between the instance and the store .
What came from that , was 5 or 6 hours of advice , some of which were obvious timesinks , while others were somewhat credible .
What they kept coming back to was that EBS is a “ shared network resource ” and performance would vary .
We were also told to use RAID0 to distribute our load over several EBS instances to increase the throughput .
At this point , we were getting less throughput than you can pull off of a 1.44 MB floppy , so we did n’t accept this for an answer .
We did some more tests , trying to measure the bandwidth of the machine by fetching their “ 100 mb. bin ” files , which we could n’t do .
We again emphasized that this was in fact , in all likelihood , a network problem .
At this point , our outage was well known , especially in the Twittosphere .
We have some rather large customers relying on service with us , and some of these customers have some hefty support contracts with Amazon .
Emails were sent .
Shortly after this , I requested an additional phone - call from Amazon , this time to our system administrator .
He had been compiling some rather worrying numbers over the past hours , since up until now , the support had refused to acknowledge a problem with the service .
They claimed that everything was working fine , when clearly , it was not .
This time , a different support rep. called , and this time , they were ready to acknowledge our problem as “ very serious . ”
We sent them our aggregated logs , and shortly thereafter , they reported that “ we have found something out of the ordinary with your volume . ”
We had been extremely frustrated up until this point , because 1 ) we could n’t actually * do * anything about it , and 2 ) we were being told that everything should be fine .
It felt like there was an elephant right in front of us , and a person next to us was insisting that there was n’t .
Anyway ( 8 hours after reporting it )
From here on , we had been graced with the acknowledgement we had been waiting for :
There was a problem , and it was n’t us .
We had been thinking that , you know , * maybe * we had screwed up somewhere and this was our fault .
We did n’t find anything .
So , back to waiting .
What exactly triggered what happened after this , I ’m not sure .
The Big Dogs ( 11 hours after reporting it )
I received an unrequested phone - call from some higher - up at Amazon .
He wanted to tell me what was going on , which was much appreciated .
He wanted to re-assure me that we were now their top priority , and he had brought in a whole team of specialized engineers to look at our case .
That ’s nice .
I received periodic updates , and frequent things for us to try .
We sent them the logs they asked for , and complied with their wishes .
From this point on , we were treated like they owed us money , which is quite the difference from basically being called a liar earlier on .
Closing in ( 15 hours after reporting it )
OK , so we are finally getting somewhere .
We all agreed that there was a serious networking problem between our EC2 instances and our EBS .
This is around the time Amazon called me and asked me to try and put the application back online .
So I did .
And all was well .
I kindly asked the manager I had on the phone to please explain to me what the problem had been .
He said he was n’t really sure , and that he would set up a telephone conference with his team of engineers .
I dial in , and they start explaining what the problem is .
Now , I have been specifically advised not to say what the problem was , but I believe we owe it to our customers to explain what went wrong .
Also , we owe it to Amazon to clear it up , since they were looking pretty bad due to this .
I ’ve already mentioned the cause shortly on our earlier status page , as well as on IRC , but let me re-iterate .
We were attacked .
Bigtime .
We had a massive flood of UDP packets coming in to our IP , basically eating away all bandwidth to the box .
This explains why we could n’t read with any sort of acceptable speed from our EBS , as that is done over the network .
So , basically a massive - scale DDOS .
That ’s nice .
This is 16 - 17 hours after we reported the problem , which frankly , is a bit disheartening .
Why did it take so long to discover ?
Oh well .
Amazon blocked the UDP traffic a couple of levels above us , and everything went back to normal .
We surveyed the services for a while longer , and after deciding that everything was holding up fine , we went to bed ( it was 4 am in the morning . )
This morning
So , when we got up again this morning , things were n’t looking good , again .
We were having the exact same symptoms as previously , and before our morning coffee , we re-opened our urgent ticket with Amazon .
2 minutes later I had them on the phone .
I explained that the problem was back , and they assured me the team of engineers working on this yesterday would be re-gathered and have a look .
Cool .
About … 2 hours later , the problem was again resolved .
Seems that the DDOS - ees figured that we were now invulnerable to UDP flood , so they instead initiated something like a TCP SYNFLOOD .
Amazon employed new techniques for filtering our traffic and everything is fine again now .
What ’s next
Amazon contacted us again after this was over , and told us they wanted to work with us in the coming days to make sure this does n’t happen again .
They have some ideas on how both they and we can improve things in general .
Are we going to do that ?
Maybe .
We ’re seriously considering moving to a different setup now .
Not because Amazon is n’t providing us with decent service , which they are , most of the time .
While we were down , several large hosting companies took direct contact with us , pitching their solutions .
I wo n’t mention names , but some of the offerings are quite tempting , and have several advantages over what we get with Amazon .
One thing ’s for sure , we ’re investing a lot of man -hours into making sure this wo n’t happen again .
If this means moving to a different host , so be it .
We have n’t decided yet .
In conclusion
Let me round this post off by saying that Amazon does n’t entirely deserve the criticism it has received over this outage .
I do think they could ’ve taken precautions to at least be warned if one of their routers started pumping through millions of bogus UDP packets to one IP , and I also think that 16 + hours is too long to discover the root of the problem .
After a bit of stalling with their first rep. , our case received absolutely stellar attention .
They were very professional in their correspondence , and in communicating things to us along the way .
And to re-iterate , the problem was n’t really Amazon EC2 or EBS , it was isolated to our case , due to the nature of the attack .
All the UDP traffic was conveniently spoofed , so we ca n’t tell where it originated .
A consortium of lawmakers has called upon the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to launch a probe into Google Voice over allegations that the service blocks costly calls to some rural areas .
Reacting to the lawmakers ' demands , the FCC has asked the search engine giant to respond by the 28 October on how it routes voice calls , why it blocks calls to some specific phone numbers , and the criteria it has to choose numbers .
In addition , the Commission further asked Google to identify the count of currently existing Google Voice users , and whether the search company plans to offer the service other than through " invitation - only " , as per the letter sent to Google by Sharon Gilett , head of the FCC 's wireline competition bureau .
Responding to the FCC 's charges , Google has claimed that its signature Google Voice service is different from traditional telephone service , simply because it employs a web software tool , and hence it should n't be regulated in the same manner .
Back on Wednesday , a group of 20 House lawmakers wrote to the FCC chairman Julius Genachowski looking for investigation into the matter .
The network operator AT&T is unsurprisingly among the most vociferous opponents , alleging that the search giant is creating double standards for net neutrality .
Our Comments
Google must play fair with its competitors , something that some lawmakers , genuinely or not , do not believe Google 's Voice service is doing .
The problem is that Voice and other VoIP services like Skype are blurring the lines by entering segments that cannot necessarily be legislated using existing legal frameworks .
Related Links
FCC asks Google to explain how , why it blocks calls
( Reuters )
Google Voice in Trouble Over Blocked Rural Calls
( PC World )
FCC to launch inquiry into Google Voice
( San Francisco Chronicle )
FCC To Probe Google Voice
( The Washington Post )
FCC questions Google Voice 's expensive call blocker
( Register )
By Detector | 04 July 2009
After Microsoft ’s claims against the Tom Tom for using FAT file system on Linux devices , many manufacturers of portable devices with Linux on FAT are worried that they will be sued by Microsoft .
The Linux Foundation has issued a recommendation for Linux developers to remove FAT base from their projects , but that is not possible in the moment because many products and applications still depend on FAT file system , so the Open Invention Network is searching the proof that the FAT solutions were used somewhere before Microsoft patented it .
But as always , Linux has solution for this problem .
Andrew Trigdella released a kernel patch last week that converts short file names ( 8 +3 ) to long and vice versa .
The Patch leaves the short name file only in that form , and when a file has long name , the system only saves it with a long name – living the invalid characters in short name file that OS ignores ( in that case OS ignore a short name file ) and that is how Linux take round of the Microsoft patent .
Tags | Linux , News , Programming , Technology News
As a programmer , one of the first things that you need for serious program development is a debugger .
Python has a debugger , which is available as a module called pdb ( for “ Python DeBugger ” , naturally ! ) .
Unfortunately , most discussions of pdb are not very useful to a Python newbie — most are very terse and simply rehash the description of pdb in the Python library reference manual .
The discussion that I have found most accessible is in the first four pages of Chapter 27 of the Python 2.1 Bible .
So here is my own personal gentle introduction to using pdb .
It assumes that you are not using any IDE — that you ’re coding Python with a text editor and running your Python programs from the command line .
Some Other Debugger Resources
For information on the IDLE interactive debugger , see the IDLE documentation
For information on the Wing IDE debugger , see the Wing IDE documentation .
There is a chapter on the Wing debugger , and another chapter on advanced debugging techniques which covers debugging code launched outside of Wing and / or on another host .
Thanks to Stephan Deibel of Wing for updating this information .
Getting started — pdb.set_trace ( )
To start , I ’ll show you the very simplest way to use the Python debugger .
1 . Let ’s start with a simple program , epdb1.py .
# epdb1.py -- experiment with the Python debugger , pdb a = " aaa " b = " bbb " c = " ccc " final = a + b + c print final
2. Insert the following statement at the beginning of your Python program .
This statement imports the Python debugger module , pdb .
import pdb
3 . Now find a spot where you would like tracing to begin , and insert the following code :
pdb.set_trace ()
So now your program looks like this .
# epdb1.py -- experiment with the Python debugger , pdb import pdb a = " aaa " pdb.set_trace ( ) b = " bbb " c = " ccc " final = a + b + c print final
4 . Now run your program from the command line as you usually do , which will probably look something like this :
PROMPT > python epdb1.py
When your program encounters the line with pdb.set_trace ( ) it will start tracing .
That is , it will ( 1 ) stop , ( 2 ) display the “ current statement ” ( that is , the line that will execute next ) and ( 3 ) wait for your input .
You will see the pdb prompt , which looks like this :
( Pdb )
Execute the next statement … with “ n ” ( next )
At the ( Pdb ) prompt , press the lower - case letter “ n ” ( for “ next ” ) on your keyboard , and then press the ENTER key .
This will tell pdb to execute the current statement .
Keep doing this — pressing “ n ” , then ENTER .
Eventually you will come to the end of your program , and it will terminate and return you to the normal command prompt .
Congratulations !
You ’ve just done your first debugging run !
Repeating the last debugging command … with ENTER
This time , do the same thing as you did before .
Start your program running .
At the ( Pdb ) prompt , press the lower - case letter “ n ” ( for “ next ” ) on your keyboard , and then press the ENTER key .
But this time , after the first time that you press “ n ” and then ENTER , do n’t do it any more .
Instead , when you see the ( Pdb ) prompt , just press ENTER .
You will notice that pdb continues , just as if you had pressed “ n ” .
So this is Handy Tip # 1 :
If you press ENTER without entering anything , pdb will re-execute the last command that you gave it .
In this case , the command was “ n ” , so you could just keep stepping through the program by pressing ENTER .
Notice that as you passed the last line ( the line with the “ print ” statement ) , it was executed and you saw the output of the print statement ( “ aaabbbccc ” ) displayed on your screen .
Quitting it all … with “ q ” ( quit )
The debugger can do all sorts of things , some of which you may find totally mystifying .
So the most important thing to learn now — before you learn anything else — is how to quit debugging !
It is easy .
When you see the ( Pdb ) prompt , just press “ q ” ( for “ quit ” ) and the ENTER key .
Pdb will quit and you will be back at your command prompt .
Try it , and see how it works .
Printing the value of variables … with “ p ” ( print )
The most useful thing you can do at the ( Pdb ) prompt is to print the value of a variable .
Here ’s how to do it .
When you see the ( Pdb ) prompt , enter “ p ” ( for “ print ” ) followed by the name of the variable you want to print .
And of course , you end by pressing the ENTER key .
Note that you can print multiple variables , by separating their names with commas ( just as in a regular Python “ print ” statement ) .
For example , you can print the value of the variables a , b , and c this way :
p a , b , c
When does pdb display a line ?
Suppose you have progressed through the program until you see the line
final = a + b + c
and you give pdb the command
p final
You will get a NameError exception .
This is because , although you are seeing the line , it has not yet executed .
So the final variable has not yet been created .
Now press “ n ” and ENTER to continue and execute the line .
Then try the “ p final ” command again .
This time , when you give the command “ p final ” , pdb will print the value of final , which is “ aaabbbccc ” .
Turning off the ( Pdb ) prompt … with “ c ” ( continue )
You probably noticed that the “ q ” command got you out of pdb in a very crude way — basically , by crashing the program .
If you wish simply to stop debugging , but to let the program continue running , then you want to use the “ c ” ( for “ continue ” ) command at the ( Pdb ) prompt .
This will cause your program to continue running normally , without pausing for debugging .
It may run to completion .
Or , if the pdb.set_trace ( ) statement was inside a loop , you may encounter it again , and the ( Pdb ) debugging prompt will appear once more .
Seeing where you are … with “ l ” ( list )
As you are debugging , there is a lot of stuff being written to the screen , and it gets really hard to get a feeling for where you are in your program .
That ’s where the “ l ” ( for “ list ” ) command comes in .
( Note that it is a lower - case “ L ” , not the numeral “ one ” or the capital letter “ I ” . )
“ l ” shows you , on the screen , the general area of your program ’s souce code that you are executing .
By default , it lists 11 ( eleven ) lines of code .
The line of code that you are about to execute ( the “ current line ” ) is right in the middle , and there is a little arrow “ – > ” that points to it .
So a typical interaction with pdb might go like this
The pdb.set_trace ( ) statement is encountered , and you start tracing with the ( Pdb ) prompt
You press “ n ” and then ENTER , to start stepping through your code .
You just press ENTER to step again .
You just press ENTER to step again .
You just press ENTER to step again .
etc. etc. etc .
Eventually , you realize that you are a bit lost .
You ’re not exactly sure where you are in your program any more .
So …
You press “ l ” and then ENTER .
This lists the area of your program that is currently being executed .
You inspect the display , get your bearings , and are ready to start again .
So … .
You press “ n ” and then ENTER , to start stepping through your code .
You just press ENTER to step again .
You just press ENTER to step again .
etc. etc. etc .
Stepping into subroutines … with “ s ” ( step into )
Eventually , you will need to debug larger programs — programs that use subroutines .
And sometimes , the problem that you ’re trying to find will lie buried in a subroutine .
Consider the following program .
# epdb2.py -- experiment with the Python debugger , pdb import pdb def combine ( s1,s2 ) : # define subroutine combine , which ... s3 = s1 + s2 + s1 # sandwiches s2 between copies of s1 , ... s3 = ' " ' + s3 +' " ' # encloses it in double quotes , ... return s3 # and returns it .
a = " aaa " pdb.set_trace ( ) b = " bbb " c = " ccc " final = combine ( a , b ) print final
As you move through your programs by using the “ n ” command at the ( Pdb ) prompt , you will find that when you encounter a statement that invokes a subroutine — the final = combine ( a , b ) statement , for example — pdb treats it no differently than any other statement .
That is , the statement is executed and you move on to the next statement — in this case , to print final .
But suppose you suspect that there is a problem in a subroutine .
In our case , suppose you suspect that there is a problem in the combine subroutine .
What you want — when you encounter the final = combine ( a , b ) statement — is some way to step into the combine subroutine , and to continue your debugging inside it .
Well , you can do that too .
Do it with the “ s ” ( for “ step into ” ) command .
When you execute statements that do not involve function calls , “ n ” and “ s ” do the same thing — move on to the next statement .
But when you execute statements that invoke functions , “ s ” , unlike “ n ” , will step into the subroutine .
In our case , if you executed the
final = combine ( a , b)
statement using “ s ” , then the next statement that pdb would show you would be the first statement in the combine subroutine :
def combine ( s1,s2 ) :
and you will continue debugging from there .
Continuing … but just to the end of the current subroutine … with “ r ” ( return )
When you use “ s ” to step into subroutines , you will often find yourself trapped in a subroutine .
You have examined the code that you ’re interested in , but now you have to step through a lot of uninteresting code in the subroutine .
In this situation , what you ’d like to be able to do is just to skip ahead to the end of the subroutine .
That is , you want to do something like the “ c ” ( “ continue ” ) command does , but you want just to continue to the end of the subroutine , and then resume your stepping through the code .
You can do it .
The command to do it is “ r ” ( for “ return ” or , better , “ continue until return ” ) .
If you are in a subroutine and you enter the “ r ” command at the ( Pdb ) prompt , pdb will continue executing until the end of the subroutine .
At that point — the point when it is ready to return to the calling routine — it will stop and show the ( Pdb ) prompt again , and you can resume stepping through your code .
You can do anything at all at the ( Pdb ) prompt …
Sometimes you will be in the following situation —
You think you ’ve discovered the problem .
The statement that was assigning a value of , say , “ aaa ” to variable var1 was wrong , and was causing your program to blow up .
It should have been assigning the value “ bbb ” to var1 .
… at least , you ’re pretty sure that was the problem …
What you ’d really like to be able to do , now that you ’ve located the problem , is to assign “ bbb ” to var1 , and see if your program now runs to completion without bombing .
It can be done !
One of the nice things about the ( Pdb ) prompt is that you can do anything at it — you can enter any command that you like at the ( Pdb ) prompt .
So you can , for instance , enter this command at the ( Pdb ) prompt .
( Pdb ) var1 = " bb b "
You can then continue to step through the program .
Or you could be adventurous — use “ c ” to turn off debugging , and see if your program will end without bombing !
… but be a little careful !
[ Thanks to Dick Morris for the information in this section . ]
Since you can do anything at all at the ( Pdb ) prompt , you might decide to try setting the variable b to a new value , say “ BBB ” , this way :
( Pdb ) b = " BBB "
If you do , pdb produces a strange error message about being unable to find an object named ‘= “ BBB ” ‘.
Why ???
What happens is that pdb attempts to execute the pdb b command for setting and listing breakpoints ( a command that we have n’t discussed ) .
It interprets the rest of the line as an argument to the b command , and ca n’t find the object that ( it thinks ) is being referred to .
So it produces an error message .
So how can we assign a new value to b ?
The trick is to start the command with an exclamation point (! ) .
( Pdb ) !b = " BBB "
An exclamation point tells pdb that what follows is a Python statement , not a pdb command .
The End
Well , that ’s all for now .
There are a number of topics that I have n’t mentioned , such as help , aliases , and breakpoints .
For information about them , try the online reference for pdb commands on the Python documentation web site .
In addition , I recommend Jeremy Jones ’ article Interactive Debugging in Python in O’Reilly ’s Python DevCenter .
I hope that this introduction to pdb has been enough to get you up and running fairly quickly and painlessly .
Good luck !
— Steve Ferg
While Americans pay on average more than $ 35,000 for a new vehicle , that does n't mean skimping to no-star accommodations when the sticker dips below 20 grand .
To prove that , we chose nine excellent entry - level cars with starting prices of less than $ 20,000 that will satisfy a lot of needs , even if one of them is just to look cool .
Since this is 2019 , basics like power windows , air conditioning , backup camera , and Bluetooth are standard pretty much across the board in this price range .
Just do n't expect many amenities , such as alloy wheels , a sunroof , or power seats , without spending a couple grand more .
Then again , even that 's a low starting price .
You may be surprised how much car you can get for under the magic $ 20,000 price point if you shop carefully — and just think :
No one else has owned it before you .
Oh , and one more thing about this list :
While some people think " car " covers virtually anything on wheels , we 're being literal here and focusing solely on passenger cars , rather than SUVs or trucks .
Best Cars for $ 20,000 : 2020 Models
The billionaire media mogul Rupert Murdoch suffered the indignity of seeing his global empire make a huge financial loss yesterday and promptly pledged to shake up the newspaper industry by introducing charges for access to all his news websites , including the Times , the Sun and the News of the World , by next summer .
Stung by a collapse in advertising revenue as the recession shredded Fleet Street 's traditional business model , Murdoch declared that the era of a free - for - all in online news was over .
" Quality journalism is not cheap , " said Murdoch .
" The digital revolution has opened many new and inexpensive distribution channels but it has not made content free .
We intend to charge for all our news websites . "
The Australian - born press and television baron was speaking as his News Corporation holding company slumped to a $ 3.4bn ( £ 2 bn ) net loss for the financial year to June , hit by huge writedowns in the value of its assets , restructuring charges and a dive in commercial revenue .
Murdoch 's newspaper holdings span the globe , from the Australian to the Wall Street Journal and to his News International stable in London .
At present , only the Wall Street Journal charges a fee for online access and until recently , received wisdom in the publishing industry was that readers would not pay to read newspapers on the internet .
Murdoch said he had completed a review of the possibility of charging and that he was willing to take the risk of leading the industry towards a pay - per - view model : " I believe that if we 're successful , we 'll be followed fast by other media . "
He said he was thinking in terms of " this fiscal year " to introduce charges .
He said News Corp would avoid a migration of readers to free sites by " making our content better and differentiated from other people " .
The charging model will be extended to red - top tabloids such as the Sun and the News of the World .
Murdoch said he was keen to capitalise on the popularity of celebrity stories : " When we have a celebrity scoop , the number of hits we get now are astronomical . "
He accepted that there could be a need for furious litigation to prevent stories and photographs being copied elsewhere : " We 'll be asserting our copyright at every point .
" Among quality newspapers , Murdoch singled out the Daily Telegraph 's run of stories about MPs ' expenses as an example of news for which consumers would be willing to pay , describing it as a " great scoop " : " I 'm sure people would be very happy to pay for that . "
Murdoch said change was inevitable : " We 're certainly satisfied that we can produce significant revenues from the sale of digital delivery of newspaper content . "
Murdoch 's British newspaperssuffered a 14 % drop in year - end advertising revenue as the recession took its toll .
Profits across News Corp 's global newspaper division fell from $ 786 m to $ 466 m .
Elsewhere , Murdoch 's empire was hit by huge reorganisation costs and write - downs at its interactive media division , which includes the social networking website MySpace .
News Corp's Twentieth Century
Fox film studio recorded annual profits of $ 848 m , a drop from last year 's $ 1.24bn , as films such as X - Men Origins : Wolverine and the second instalment of the Night at the Museum series failed to match releases such as The Simpsons Movie and Live Free or Die Hard a year ago .
Earnings from cable networks rose by 31 % to $ 1.67 bn but the group 's television division , including its
Fox stations in the US and Star networks in Asia , saw profits fall from $ 1.12 bn to $ 174m .
" The past year has been the most difficult in recent history , and our 2009 financial performance clearly reflects the weak economic environment that we confronted throughout the year , " said Murdoch .
Recently by Gary North : When Frankie Met Johnny : The 1934 Meeting of Roosevelt and Keynes
An obvious response to the information that I have presented in the first eight parts of this series is this : “ What should we do to reform the system ? ”
This is a nice sentiment .
It ignores the obvious : “ we ” have nothing to say about monetary reform .
Central banking is the most brilliant device of profit - seeking monopolists and oligopolists in human history .
Nothing else comes close .
Hardly anyone understands it , so there is no organized opposition .
In the case of the grandmother of all central banks , the Bank of England , a group of profit - seeking counterfeiters persuaded Parliament and the king to let them take control over the central economic institution : banking .
The Little Old Lady of Threadneedle Street has controlled Britain ’s monetary policy ever since .
The Bank was officially nationalized in 1946 .
Monetary policy in Great Britain since 1946 has been no worse than it was from 1914 to 1946 .
That is , it has been inflationary .
Central banking is an extension of state power .
It functions much as a state bureaucracy does .
Few people understand fractional reserve banking .
Even among those few specialists who do understand it , few of them are in favor of a free market in money , governed by contract law .
Banking is mysterious to most people .
So , it has been easy for central bankers to gain control over money , nation by nation .
The legislators do not understand or care .
The voters do not understand or care .
The academic economists are favorable to central planning , just so long as it is central planning by central bankers .
This is central planning for economists who call themselves free marketeers .
The only hold - outs for a free market in money are Austrian School economists .
There are not many of them , and there were none who had a theoretically sound case for sound money prior to 1912 , when Ludwig von Mises ’s book appeared , The Theory of Money and Credit .
The next year , 1913 , the United States government passed the Federal Reserve Act .
After that , the FED was politically untouchable until October 2008 , when a FED - administered , FED - created worldwide financial crisis shook the confidence of the Establishment .
That event has done more to promote Austrian School economic theory than anything in the last century .
Today , there is no agreed - upon economic theory , no agreed - upon monetary theory , and no well - organized political special - interest group in favor of monetary reform .
It is not 1832 , when President Jackson could successfully mobilize voters against the Second Bank of the United States .
The entire Establishment , in every nation , under every banking system , and in every university is unified on this issue , and only this confession of faith : “ Central banking is the only rational way to control a nation ’s money supply . ”
I can think of no other topic in economic science in which there is greater agreement .
I can think of no other issue in social science in which there is equal agreement .
You may think : “ Everyone is in favor of democracy . ”
You are wrong .
Almost no one is in favor of democracy in the area of central banking .
On this single issue , and no other , social scientists agree : the necessity of central bank control over money .
Defenders of the Federal Reserve System openly insist that it must be separate from the Federal government .
This is basic to the standard college textbooks in economics .
In short , democracy cannot be trusted in the area of monetary policy .
No one bats an eye .
I , for one , do not trust Congress to be in charge of monetary policy .
But I do not argue that the Federal Reserve System should maintain its independence from the Federal government .
I maintain that it should be made completely independent of the Federal government : cut loose and left to fend for itself , just as the Second Bank of the United States was in 1836 .
It went bust .
I am not so naïve as to imagine that this will happen in my lifetime , short of a true social collapse in which several million people die because of the collapse of the division of labor due to hyperinflation .
I do not expect this to happen .
But I can dream .
Once again , I ask :
Who are “ we ” ?
How will “ we ” implement a monetary reform ?
“ We ” wo n’t .
But if we could ….
A MODEST PROPOSAL
The Congress of the United States would pass a bill : The Sound Money Act of [ year ] .
The President would sign it .
The Supreme Court would refuse to hear any case related to it .
Better yet , Congress would exclude the Court from any jurisdiction , which the Constitution allows : “ . . . under such Regulations as the Congress shall make . ”
The law would have the following provisions .
Section 1 .
All legal tender laws in the United States are hereby null and void , except state laws mandating gold or silver coins .
Section 2 .
All taxes owed to the United States government must henceforth be paid in American eagle gold coins or their equivalent by weight and fineness , or by warehouse receipts for such gold coins .
Section 3 . All warehouse receipts to tax - authorized gold coins must be backed 100 percent by such coins .
The penalty for issuing receipts to gold coins that are not in the possession of the firm or a bonded storage facility acting on behalf of the firm is for the firm ’s Board of Directors be made personally liable for all excess receipts .
Section 4 . The United States Treasury will keep all coins received in a system of bonded warehouses .
Receipts for coins issued by warehouses must be kept in the Treasury ’s possession .
These revenues may not be lent to any third party , including any government agency .
This money is to be used exclusively for paying the obligations of the United States government .
Section 5 . To promote gold coin awareness , the United States government hereby declares a tax rebate to every American household that paid any Federal taxes in at least one of the five previous fiscal years .
The rebate will be in the form of tenth - ounce American gold eagle coins or their equivalent by weight and fineness .
Each household will receive the same number of coins , until such time as the United States government has distributed all of its gold .
The United States Mint is hereby mandated to produce coins in sufficient quantities to distribute all of the gold within twenty - four ( 24 ) months of the date of this law .
If it cannot meet this schedule , it is authorized to contract out the operation , beginning within twelve ( 12 ) months of this law .
Section 6 . The United States Bureau of Engraving and Printing is no longer authorized to print paper currency except to replace old currency .
There is nothing judicially revolutionary in this proposed law .
The Constitution authorizes Congress to collect taxes .
Congress can therefore determine in what form these taxes will be paid ( Article I , Section 8 ) .
This reform would not extend the authority of the United States government beyond the United States Constitution .
It would be best if there were no legal tender laws , but the Constitution does allow states to pass such laws for gold or silver ( Article I , Section 10 ) .
If we have the votes , we can amend the Constitution on this point later .
The goal of this reform is to re-establish the public ’s awareness of gold coins as money .
If people must pay taxes in gold coins or receipts to gold coins , they will surely become familiar with gold coins .
No banks would get their digital hands on this money until the Treasury spent it .
This law would create monetary deflation whenever the Federal government runs a surplus .
When this happens , send me an email : garynorth.kingdom_came@heaven.org .
The tax code would have to be re-written annually to establish the tax obligation in gold ounces rather than digital dollars .
Congress would have to establish a gold - dollar ratio each year , which would let taxpayers know how much gold they will owe the Federal government for each dollar received as net income .
This would force Congress to estimate the following year ’s value on the dollar in terms of gold .
If Congress says that the ratio is $ 1,000 to one ounce , and gold goes from $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 , taxpayers will scream .
If gold falls from $ 1,000 to $ 500 , taxpayers will profit .
Congress dreads both outcomes .
It will have to pay attention to the price of gold every year .
Americans ’ gold was stolen by Roosevelt in 1933 .
The best way to get it back into circulation is to promote a law in which everyone gets some coins .
It is politically expedient .
Time is of the essence .
Let us be content with getting our gold back .
Let every taxpayer get a piece of the action .
Share the wealth !
There would be two other minor provisions .
They would involve severing existing legal connections .
Section 7 . The Federal Reserve System no longer represents the United States government in its dealings with commercial banks or other central banks .
The United States government hereby severs all connection with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System .
The Federal Reserve System , as a private banking enterprise , is hereby obligated to pay taxes owed by any other commercial bank .
Section 8 . The United States government hereby severs all connection with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , a private insurance company .
This law hereby repeals all previous laws guaranteeing payments to the FDIC by the United States government .
This would involve shrinking the Federal government ’s control over banking .
Shrinking the Federal government is a pro—free market position .
Surely , no one calling himself a free market economist could object to these two reforms .
( As the Mogambo Guru would say , hahahahaha . )
AVOIDING GRAND SCHEMES
Any attempt to formulate a monetary reform that would restore a full gold coin standard in one fell swoop is revolutionary .
There is no support for it .
It would have extensive unintended consequences .
Who is wise enough to think through all of the fallout ?
Those of us who believe in the free market should recognize that the decentralized knowledge and capital within society will make hash of any grand scheme .
It will do so in short order .
What about setting the price of gold in dollars ?
No need .
Within two years , the United States government would have no gold in reserve under my reform .
Anyone could use any currency he chooses .
As long as he pays his taxes in gold coins , it does not matter what currency he uses .
It is none of the government ’s business , except to establish a currency - gold ration for the following year .
What about the gold / silver ratio ?
Let the free market decide .
What if the government inflates ?
People can use a different currency .
They can use gold .
What if the government deflates ?
Same answer .
Does this solve the problem of fractional reserve banking ?
It is a start .
The market can solve it , as Mises said .
With no FDIC to protect them , and with the Federal Reserve System just one more profit - seeking , tax - paying bank , let the bankers look out for themselves .
But what about depositors ?
Who will look after their interests ?
I have a suggestion : depositors .
If this sounds crazy to you , then I suggest that the public schools , the economists , the pundits , and the folks on tout TV have done a number on you .
CONCLUSION
The # 1 goal of monetary reform ought to be to get the government out of the money and banking business .
This is a radical suggestion .
It is a better strategy to get the Federal government out of the banking business than it is to propose a grand strategy of monetary reform that relies on the wisdom of politicians to restore sound money .
Let the free market restore sound money .
Let us be content with Congress getting out of the money game , thereby cutting loose the Federal Reserve and the FDIC .
Let those two sweetheart deals fend for themselves .
I do not seek a revolutionary reform .
I merely suggest returning to the Constitution .
What conservative could oppose that ?
( Hahahahaha ! )
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
Manufacturing is an powerful driver of economic wealth .
For years I have been providing data to counter the contention that the manufacturing base of the USA is gone and the little bit left was shrinking .
The latest data again shows the USA is the largest manufacturer , and manufacturing in the USA continues to grow .
It is true global manufacturing has begun to grow more rapidly than USA manufacturing in the last few years .
I doubt many suspect that the USA ’s share of manufacturing stayed stable from 1990 to 1995 then grew to 2000 took until 2006 to return to the 1990 - 1995 levels and then has declined in 2007 and 2008 a bit below the 1990 level and during that entire time was growing ( even in 2007 and 2008 ) .
The USA ’s share of the manufacturing output , of the countries that manufactured over $ 185 billion in 2008 , 28 % in 1990 , 28 % in 1995 , 32 % in 2000 , 28 % in 2005 , 28 % in 2006 , 26 % in 2007 and 24 % in 2008 .
China ’s share has grown from 4 % in 1990 , 6 % in 1995 , 10 % in 2000 , 13 % in 2005 , 14 % in 2006 , 16 % in 2007 to 18 % in 2008 .
Japan ’s share has fallen from 22 % in 1990 to 14 % in 2008 ( after increasing to 26 % in 1995 then steadily falling ) .
The USA has about 4.5 % of the world population , China about 20 % .
Based on the latest UN Data , for global manufacturing , in billions of current US dollars :
Country 1990 1995 2000 2005 2006 2007 2008 USA 1,041 1,289 1,543 1,624 1,712 1,756 1,831 China 145 300 484 734 * 891* 1,106 * 1,399 ** Japan 810 1,219 1,034 979 927 923 1,045 Germany 438 517 392 571 608 711 767 Italy 240 226 206 295 302 345 381 United Kingdom 206 218 226 264 295 323 323 France 200 233 190 255 255 287 306 Russian Federation 120 64 45 124 157 206 256 Brazil 120 125 96 137 163 201 237 Korea 66 131 136 211 234 260 231 Spain 112 104 98 160 170 196 222 Mexico 62 67 133 154 175 182 197 Canada 92 100 129 168 182 197 195 India 51 61 69 122 141 177 188
* I am using the data from last year that separated the manufacturing data ( this year the data does not provide separate manufacturing data for China ) instead of that shown in the most recent data ( which does n’t separate manufacturing )
** The China data is not provided for manufacturing alone .
The percentage of manufacturing ( to manufacturing , mining and utilities ) was 78 % for 2005 - 2007 ( I used 78 % of the manufacturing , mining and utilities figure provided in the 2008 data ) .
I hope to write a series of posts examining global manufacturing data including looking at manufacturing data specifically ( excluding mining and utility data ) .
This data through 2008 , does not yet show the effect of the large worldwide recession : the 2009 data will likely show a global decline .
This data cannot be seen as perfectly accurate , but it is very interesting .
Also this data is in current US dollars so historical data changes compared to our past posts ( in addition I would n’t be surprised if data is updated based on information not available a year earlier – but I do n’t see any explanation of if that is done ) .
Still it provides a useful view of global manufacturing activity , especially since there is so many misconceptions about the decline in USA manufacturing .
The decline in USA manufacturing has been trumpeted as a completed fact for decades .
It is true , especially China , is gaining large amounts of manufacturing production .
But it is only in the last few years ( say since 2006 ) that the USA ’s share of global manufacturing is declining .
Such a short term decline , is hardly guaranteed to continue for the long term .
But , I think it fairly likely that China will continue to grow .
And it is reasonable to guess ( based on the recent data , the current situation and trends ) that the USA ’s proportion of global manufacturing will decline going forward .
However it is likely that USA manufacturing will actually continue to grow – in the face of decades of claims that the USA ’s manufacturing base is gone and decreasing .
The evidence clearly shows this has not been true no matter how often people repeat the claim .
Manufacturing jobs continue to decline globally .
As USA manufacturing jobs decline many leap to the conclusion that the USA manufacturing base is disappearing : which is not true .
It is questionable that the USA is loosing more manufacturing jobs than other countries .
The data is sparse but I believe by far the largest factor is declining manufacturing jobs globally .
If the USA is losing more manufacturing jobs than others , that is a minor factor compared to the overall trend of decreasing jobs globally .
Related : Top 12 Manufacturing Countries in 2007 – Top 10 Manufacturing Countries 2006 – manufacturing data for 2005 – Global Manufacturing Data by Country for 2004
Related to manufacturing job losses : Manufacturing Employment Data – 1979 to 2007 – Manufacturing Jobs Data : USA and China – Worldwide manufacturing job data – Manufacturing Jobs
Comments
Secret court seizes £ 3.2 bn from elderly ... and even forces furious families to pay to access own bank account
3,000 complaints in first 18 months of new system
Families made to pay to access own bank account
Homes of elderly raided in search for documents
Threatening : The Court of Protection 's anonymous London tower block
A secret court is seizing the assets of thousands of elderly and mentally impaired people and turning control of their lives over to the State - against the wishes of their relatives .
The draconian measures are being imposed by the little - known Court of Protection , set up two years ago to act in the interests of people suffering from Alzheimer 's or other mental incapacity .
The court hears about 23,000 cases a year - always in private - involving people deemed unable to take their own decisions .
Using far - reaching powers , the court has so far taken control of more than £ 3.2 billion of assets .
The cases involve civil servants from the Office of the Public Guardian ( OPG ) , which last year took £ 23 million in fees directly from the bank accounts of those struck down by mental illness , involved in accidents or suffering from dementia .
The officials are legally required to act in cases where people do not have a ' living will ' , or lasting power of attorney , which hands control of their assets over to family or friends .
But the system elicited an extraordinary 3,000 complaints in its first 18 months of operation .
Among them were allegations that officials failed to consult relatives , imposed huge fees and even ' raided ' elderly people 's homes searching for documents .
Carers trying to cope with a mentally impaired loved one , forced to apply for a court order to access money , said they felt the system put them under suspicion as it assumed at the outset that they were out to defraud their relatives .
Opposition politicians said the system , set up by Justice Secretary Jack Straw , needed to be overhauled to take account of the fact that most people were ' honourable and decent ' and had their loved ones ' best interests at heart .
The Government now says everyone should establish a lasting power of attorney to state who should look after their affairs should they become incapacitated - although most people will be utterly unaware of this advice .
Only 60,000 people in Britain have registered these ' living wills ' with the authorities , and the problems begin when someone is suddenly , unexpectedly mentally impaired .
Without this document , relatives must apply to the courts and the anonymous OPG , part of the Ministry of Justice based in an office block in Birmingham , is required to look into the background of carers to decide if they are fit to run the ill or elderly person 's affairs .
The organisation has 300 staff , costs £ 26.5 million a year to run and is headed by £ 80,000 - a- year career civil servant Martin John , a former head of asylum and immigration policy in Whitehall .
It prepares reports for the Court of Protection , based in a tower block in Archway , North London .
In many cases relatives have to complete a 50 - page form giving huge amounts of personal information about themselves , their family , their own finances and their relationship with the person they wish to help care for .
The majority of applications are decided on the basis of paper evidence without holding a hearing .
But applications relating to personal welfare , or large gifts or settlements , may be contentious and require the court to hold a hearing to decide the case .
These hearings , before a senior judge , examine evidence and witnesses , who can be compelled to appear .
The court has the same powers as the High Court , but is closed to all but the parties involved in the case and their lawyers .
The Press and public are banned .
The presiding judge then decides whether a family member can become a ' deputy ' acting for their mentally impaired loved one .
If no one is available , or if the judge decides a family member is not suitable , the court can appoint a local authority or in some cases a solicitor to carry out the task .
The OPG then charges an annual fee of up to £ 800 to supervise the activities of the deputy , whether they are a family member or a professional appointee .
Victims of the system : Sunita Obhrai with her mother Pushpa , whose affairs she has been banned from looking after
The court takes over control of people 's finances , which means deputies - whether a relative or not - must get authorisation to pay expenses such as rent and household bills on their behalf .
Only if a relative is given power of attorney before a person is mentally incapacitated will they be able to avoid applying to the court and the OPG for the right to control their assets later .
Any cash controlled by the court is held in the name of the Accountant General of the Supreme Court and administered by the Court Funds Office .
In some cases money is voluntarily lodged with the court .
The current Court of Protection replaced a previous body with the same name which had more restricted powers and was overseen by the High Court .
The new body can rule on property and financial affairs and decisions relating to health and personal welfare , without referring it to a higher court .
But relatives caught up in the system say they are suddenly confronted by a legal and bureaucratic minefield .
Children 's author Heather Bateman was forced to get permission from the court to use family funds after an accident left her journalist husband Michael in a coma .
In a moving account of her family 's ordeal in Saga magazine , she wrote : ' Michael and I were two independent working people .
We had been married for 28 years .
We had written our wills , both our names were on the deeds of the house we shared in London and the Norfolk cottage we had renovated over the years .
' We had separate bank accounts and most of the bills were paid from Michael 's account .
Now , to continue living in the way we always had done , I needed to access the money in his account .
' The Court of Protection brought me almost as much anger , grief and frustration into my life as the accident itself .
[ It is ] an alien , intrusive , time - consuming and costly institution , which was completely out of tune with what we were going through .
It ruled my waking moments and my many sleepless nights . '
Mrs Bateman even had to apply to the court for permission to pay the couple 's daughter 's university fees .
She added : ' I could write as many cheques as necessary up to £ 500 .
But if I needed to access more I had to get permission from the court . '
Sunita Obhrai 's mother Pushpa has lived in council - run sheltered housing for 15 years .
About two years ago , the 76 - year - old widow started to become forgetful and once left the oven on , and the fire brigade had to be called .
Miss Obhrai claims that without her knowledge the local authority , Buckinghamshire County Council , were appointed to run her mother 's affairs .
Critic : Heather Bateman , with husband Michael , has eloquently attacked the ' intrusive ' court
She said : ' They took over running my mother 's bank account and charged her over £ 1,000 a year in fees , and all they were doing was ensuring her rent and utility bills were paid by direct debit .
' She is given just £ 20 a week pocket money .
Council officials even came and searched her flat while she was asleep in her bedroom .
They told me they had to retrieve documents so they could do their job .
But someone should have been with my mother .
It is unbelievable that they can behave in this way . '
Early this year Miss Obhrai applied to the court to take over from the local authority and oversee her mother 's finances herself .
But the court rejected her appeal .
She said : ' Many of our other relatives and friends wrote to the court backing me , but the court ignored them .
I have never done anything to harm my mother , nor would I , but the council claims I am not a fit person to look after my mother 's affairs and there is little I can do to defend myself . '
The council said it could not discuss the case in detail , but did not deny that officials had let themselves into the elderly woman 's home uninvited and unaccompanied by a family member .
A spokeswoman said : ' The court has already deemed our action appropriate . '
An internet support group , Court of Protection Problems , reveals other struggles with the system .
One recent posting by ' gillm1 ' , whose mother suffers dementia , said : ' They are causing me so much stress and worry and I feel I am being treated like a criminal .
Their letters are bullying and threatening and they completely ignore everything I say .
' I have grown to hate them !
They took years to process my application and I object strongly to the extortionate fees they are demanding .'
Another writes : ' They have upped my supervision level without taking any notice of my appeal - therefore costing my mum yet another £ 800 per year .
It 's nothing short of robbery .
' All I want is to be left alone to pay my mum 's bills and to safeguard as much of her money as I can , but these people are constantly demanding high fees for their " services " which , as far as I can see , consist of harassing people and little else !'
' Everybody is often assumed to be predatory , ' said ' robb5 ' .
They 'are treated as guilty until proven innocent .
Repeatedly I 've felt like I 'm forever on trial , we 've had to undergo financial and psychological strip - searches without the first bit of evidence to suspect anything . '
Shadow Justice Minister Henry Bellingham said : ' It appears the system is set up with the assumption that people 's close relatives do not have their loved one 's best interests at heart .
' We are looking at this to see if it would be more efficient and a good deal fairer for the system to assume that most people are honourable and decent and then to deal with those few people who abuse their loved ones ' trust . '
A spokeswoman for the Department of Justice said the courts and officials involved faced a delicate balancing act .
She said : ' Decisions are entirely a matter for the courts , based on the individual circumstances .
It is a careful balancing act between protecting vulnerable people who have lost mental capacity and recognising their views and the perspectives of those close to them .
' The next of kin is not necessarily the most appropriate person to act in such circumstances .
The OPG recommends that every adult considers making a lasting power of attorney .
This enables people to choose someone they know and trust to make decisions about their property and affairs or their personal welfare , should they become unable to make decisions for themselves . '
Neil Hunt , of the Alzheimer 's Society , said : ' It is important that people make plans for their future .
But the disturbing truth is that making plans for the future is often the last thing on our minds .
' Everyone should make a lasting power of attorney to ensure their wishes and rights are protected . '
The first Court of Protection was set up by Labour 's 2005 Mental Incapacity Act , which for the first time formalised the arrangements for dealing with the assets and care of people suffering from dementia and other similar illnesses .
Before this it was left to families and social services to make arrangements - but it was argued this ad hoc system was open to abuse by both family members and by officials .
Company behind Spider - Man and X - Men agrees to be acquired by Disney .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Walt Disney Co. announced Monday that it has agreed to purchase comic book and action hero company Marvel Entertainment for about $ 4 billion .
The deal pairs a comic book publisher that just recently began to produce its own movies with one of the largest international media companies in the world .
" This is perfect from a strategic perspective , " Disney Chief Executive Robert Iger told CNNMoney.com .
" This treasure trove of over 5,000 characters offers Disney the ability to do what we do best . "
On a conference call with investors , Iger said the deal will allow Disney to sell Marvel 's vast array of characters and properties across different media platforms and in many more markets .
For instance , Iger said that Disney 's Pixar animation unit was excited about the opportunities that a Marvel acquisition could yield .
" Spider - Man will appear in ' A Bug 's Life ' sequel , " joked Barclays Capital analyst Anthony DiClemente .
The deal would give Disney some content that appeals more to boys , a market it has been looking to develop , Iger said .
Disney XD , a television station and video game unit , already had a deal with Marvel to use some of the comic book company 's action heroes in its content .
" Disney is the perfect home for Marvel 's fantastic library of characters given its proven ability to expand content creation and licensing businesses , " said Marvel Chief Executive Ike Perlmutter .
" This is an unparalleled opportunity for Marvel to build upon its vibrant brand and character properties by accessing Disney 's tremendous global organization and infrastructure around the world . "
Disney Chief Financial Officer Tom Staggs noted that Marvel owns the rights to many action - hero characters that are not widely known , which Disney anticipates bringing to the forefront for future movies or TV shows should the deal go through .
If Marvel shareholders approve the deal , they would receive $ 30 per share in cash and 0.745 shares of Disney for each share of Marvel that they hold .
The deal is valued at $ 50 per Marvel share , more than a 29 % premium , based on Friday 's closing price .
Disney said it will issue about 59 million shares as a result of a deal , but it will repurchase as many shares over the course of the 12 months following the deal 's closing .
Marvel has launched a large number of action - hero movies over the past decade , including " Spider - Man , " " X - Men , " " The Fantastic Four " and " The Incredible Hulk . "
Last summer 's " Iron Man " blockbuster earned just under $ 100 million over three days , the second - best non-sequel opening ever , according to Entertainment Weekly .
" Iron Man " was the first Marvel movie to be fully financed and produced by the comic book company .
But Marvel still holds deals with Paramount , Sony and Fox for future movies , including several more Spider - Man films .
Marvel chairman Morton Handel estimated that the company has about five more films with Paramount and intends to honor the current contracts it has with other movie studios , even if the Disney deal is inked before the contracts expire .
Marvel pays Paramount , the comic book company 's primary movie distributor , between $ 20 million and $ 60 million per movie in distribution fees , according to Barton Crockett , analyst at Lazard Capital Markets .
Crockett said Disney would likely become the sole distributor of Marvel 's movies in the future , giving it a " full plate " of movie releases , including Pixar , Marvel and its own films .
Shares of Marvel ( MVL ) soared 26 % in morning trading .
Shares of Disney ( DIS , Fortune 500 ) were down 3 % .
-- CNNMoney.com anchor Poppy Harlow contributed to this story
Several artists are particularly upset about their music being used to interrogate prisoners .
The BBC reports that a document published in November 2008 by the Senate Armed Services Committee made several references to the technique .
The news service also reports that the National Security Archive states that tracks by AC / DC , Britney Spears , the Bee Gees , and Marilyn Manson have been played into detainees ’ cells at Guantanamo , as well as the Meow mix cat food jingle , the Barney theme song , and Sesame Street songs .
The CIA told the BBC that music was played “ at levels far below a live rock band , ” and that it was used only for security , rather than “ punitive purposes . ”
The biggest Monday Night Football game since , at a minimum , Bears - Dolphins in 1985 also has generated the biggest rating for a Monday Night Football game since the franchise made the switch to cable in 2006 .
Per SportsBusiness Daily , the Packers - Vikings Don’t - Call - It - A - Grudge - Match grudge match generated a metered - market rating of 14.2 , which likely will make it the highest - rating program in cable television history .
It ’s a 65 - percent increase from last year ’s overnight rating for the Week Four game between the Ravens and the Steelers .
In Minneapolis , the game garnered a staggering rating of 58.3 .
In Green Bay , the rating was 49.7 .
Confidence in the New Zealand news media appears to be low , according to new research .
In a telephone survey of 750 New Zealanders aged over 18 years , a quarter of respondents thought the media was inaccurate , almost a third ( 30 percent ) said journalists were one - sided when presenting news , and half said the media was unwilling to admit mistakes .
The UMR Research survey found a general pattern showing that the older people were the less accurate or balanced they said the news was .
It also found that men were significantly more likely to say the media was unwilling to admit to mistakes than women .
UMR executive director Tim Grafton said the results did not come as a surprise as the media had fared poorly in past surveys .
" What was of most concern was how few people said the media was accurate and balanced in its news reporting , " Mr Grafton said .
The survey , which was conducted September 24 - 27 , had a margin of error of plus or minus 3.6 percent .
I do n't know if this counts as Newswire - worthy or not , but what the hell — I love both of these bands .
This week , both Los Campesinos and Midlake announced new albums for 2010 .
Midlake will release the long - in - the - works The Courage Of Others on Feb. 2 , and Los Campesinos will release Romance Is Boring on Jan. 26 .
Each is following up a truly excellent disc , and thus should be cause for excitement .
Fun facts and track lists below .
Romance Is Boring includes guest appearances by Xiu Xiu ’s Jamie Stewart , Parenthetical Girls ’ Zac Pennington , and The Dead Science ’s Jherek Bischoff .
The first single , " These Are Listed Buildings " comes out next week , and another song , " The Sea Is A Good Place To Think Of The Future , " has been making the Internet rounds .
The record was recorded with John Goodmanson ( Sleater Kinney , etc. ) .
Advertisement
Romance Is Boring track list
In Medias Res
There Are Listed Buildings
Romance Is Boring
We ’ve Got Your Back ( Documented Minor Emotional Breakdown # 2 )
Plan A
200 – 102
Straight In At 101
Who Fell Asleep In
I Warned You : Do Not Make An Enemy of Me
Heart Swells / 100-1
I Just Sighed .
I Just Sighed , Just So You Know
A Heat Rash In The Shape of The Show Me State ; Or , Letters From Me to Charlotte
The Sea Is A Good Place to Think of the Future
This Is A Flag .
There Is No Wind
Coda : A Burn Scar
In the Shape of The Sooner State
Advertisement
Midlake , Denton , Texas ' finest purveyors of Fleetwood Mac - like awesomeness , will release the follow - up to 2006's amazing The Trials Of Van Occupanther on Feb. 2 of next year .
From a press release : " Midlake took a two year break from the road to focus on the new album , but will tour extensively in 2010 , with an initial string of dates and a return to SXSW - genesis of the ' Van Occupanther ' groundswell in 2006 - already confirmed . "
The Courage Of Others tracklist
Acts of Man
Winter Dies
Small Mountain
Core of Nature
Fortune
Rulers , Ruling All Things
Children of the Grounds
Bring Down
The Horn
The Courage of Others
In The Ground
If you had red hair , would having red hair be part of your identity ?
It might , but I 'd guess that it would n't necessarily be a big part of your identity .
If you were one of relatively few people in an environment who had red hair , I imagine that having red hair might be a bit more important part of your identity .
But even then , I would n't guess that it would be a large part .
But what if others treated you differently because of your red hair ?
If this was the case , I would expect that having red hair might be a much more important part of your identity .
And if other people treated you not just differently but poorly ( i.e. , treated you worse than they treated others with different hair colors ) because you had red hair , then I imagine that it would be an even more important aspect of your identity .
This is not too different from how I think about atheism .
Atheism is part of my identity , but it is not a very large part of my identity .
If I was n't surrounded by religious believers , it would be a smaller part .
I suspect that if I were to move from Mississippi to Vermont , a far less religious state , I 'd quickly find that atheism was a less important part of my identity .
I 'd probably think about it far less than I do now .
But most of all , I think that if I was n't viewed and treated differently because I 'm an atheist , it would be a much smaller part of my identity .
As it stands now , the fact that I do n't believe in gods puts me at odds with the vast majority of my neighbors on something they seem to consider fairly important .
And when they find out that I disagree with them on this issue , few react positively .
I can usually set aside the threats of hell since I do n't believe in it either .
I sometimes find myself feeling sorry for those who choose to go that direction .
What 's harder is when I run into the conviction that I cannot be a good person because I do n't believe in their god(s ) .
This one is harder because this belief seems to influence how they treat me .
It sometimes feels like no matter what I do , I 'm going to be that person who can't be trusted because I 'm an atheist .
So why is atheism a part of my identity at all ?
Because it leads others to treat me poorly .
If they did n't , I 'm not sure I 'd give it much thought .
Posted on June 21 , 2009 in Articles
If you remember the platforms of the 2008 campaign , Obama and other Democratic nominees endorsed health care reform centered around providing a low - cost public option , allowing quicker and wider distribution of generic pharmaceutical alternatives , and investing in America ’s antiquated medical infrastructure .
Obama went as far as to suggest in late 2007 that “ The time has come for universal health care in America …
I am absolutely determined that by the end of the first term of the next president , we should have universal health care in this country . ” [ source ]
Public option health care plan is becoming more of a dream and less of a reality thanks to heavy lobbying of Congress by the health care industry .
The estimated $ 1 to $ 2 trillion dollars in health care reform is starting to resemble a bailout that will solidify the monopolies of health care companies .
The new health care reform bill championed by centrist Democrats encourages ‘ free - market ’ principles , or , for those unfamiliar , the active encouragement by the legislative branch of collusion between health care companies and exploitation of American consumers .
Essentially , the health care reform bill has been transformed from a consumer - oriented reform package to a massive kick back to the health care industry , with a mere wrist - slap for their more unscrupulous practices .
Incidentally , this movement towards a health care industry , pharmaceutical - friendly coincided by very damning appearances by health care CEOs in front of congress .
This included admissions by the CEO of Assurant and UnitedHealth that their companies colluded with providers to drive up prices , dropped coverage when consumers became sick , and rewarding employees for denying coverage to lower - class people .
[ source ]
Unless there is significant action towards reclaiming health care reform , Americans will be facing another government - sponsored funneling of tax - payer money towards big business .
See Also : More on the public option , As Healthcare Flounders , Is Comprehensive Health Care Reform Dead ? , Early Reviews Of House Health Care : Walking Back From The Ledge , Health Care Reform Could Save $ 1.82 Trillion , Memo to the President : What You Must Do To Save Universal Health Care , Death by Spreadsheet , Another Moderate Dem Likes Healthcare Co- Op Idea , Testing My PATIENTS , Someone Fax This To Congress , THE ‘HEAD -KNOCKING STYLE OF GOVERNANCE ,
And in a painful decade or three , healthcare changed , and Saving Universal Health Care .
[ tags ] health care reform , lobbying , health care industry , universal health care , barack obama , congress , senate , health care bailout , assurant , united health , pharmaceutical industry , lobbyists , free market , tax payer money [ / tags ]
In a shift , Mr. Reid told colleagues on Thursday that he was inclined to include a government - run insurance program in the bill that he would take soon to the Senate floor .
States would be allowed to opt out if they wanted .
Asked about Mr. Reid ’s idea , Ms. Pelosi said , “ I do n’t think there ’s much problem with that . ”
Ms. Pelosi said that in shaping the House bill , she was already thinking about “ the endgame . ”
If the two chambers pass disparate bills , as Democrats expect , negotiators from the House and the Senate would try to reconcile the differences .
When it appeared that the Senate bill might not have any government insurance plan , Ms. Pelosi said , it was essential for the House to pass a strong public option , as a counterweight to the Senate .
Now , she said , she will consider an alternative favored by some centrist Democrats , who contend that the government plan should not set prices but negotiate payment rates with doctors and hospitals , as private insurers do .
Ms. Pelosi set the health care legislation in its historical context , saying it “ sits very comfortably in the path of Social Security and Medicare , ” created in 1935 and 1965 , respectively .
Mr. Clyburn said the squabbles among Democrats on health care were like the disagreements in the 1960s among civil rights leaders , who had the same goals but sometimes differed on legislative strategy .
The House majority leader , Representative Steny H. Hoyer , Democrat of Maryland , said Friday that the House could take up the health care legislation as soon as Nov. 6 and might meet on Saturday , Nov. 7 , to continue work on it .
But Democrats in both chambers have missed many self - imposed deadlines .
And many hurdles remain .
House Democratic leaders are still trying to figure out exactly how to limit the use of federal money for abortions .
In addition , before taking their bill to the House floor , Democrats need to get a cost estimate from the Congressional Budget Office .
After Rep. Roy Blunt , leader of the supposed House GOP Health Care Solutions Group , suggested Thursday that Republicans wo n't offer a health care plan of their own , Minority Leader John Boehner insisted one was still in the works .
Of course , the Republican plan as in 1993 is to stop health care reform at all costs to prevent an enduring Democratic majority .
Bill Kristol , who told Republicans 16 years ago that there was " no crisis " justifying health care reform then , now simply calls on his party to " kill it . "
With spinmeisters Frank Luntz and Alex Castellanos supplying the talking points that a supposed " government takeover of health care " is " too much , too fast , too soon , " obstructionists like Oklahoma Senator James Inhofe boasted his party would " stall " President Obama 's health care initiative to ensure a " huge gain " in the 2010 election .
In a nutshell , the GOP is proposing to extend the status quo for a nation gripped by a collapsing health care system .
Here , then , is the Republican 10 - Point Plan for Health Care :
50 Million Uninsured in America Another 25 Million Underinsured Employer - Based Coverage Plummets Below 60 % Employer Health Costs to Jump by 9 % in 2010 One in Five Americans Forced to Postpone Care 62 % of U.S. Bankruptcies Involve Medical Bills Current Health Care Costs Already Fueling Job Losses 94 % of Health Insurance Markets in U.S Now " Highly Concentrated " Dramatic Decline in Emergency Room Capacity Perpetuating Red State Health Care Failure
For the details and data behind each , continue reading .
1. 50 Million Uninsured in America
Despite Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell 's oft - repeated claim that Americans do n't want health care reform that " reform that denies , delays , or rations health care , " de facto rationing is precisely what defines the U.S. system today .
The latest U.S. Census Bureau in 2007 placed the number of uninsured * in America at 45.7 million , up from 37 million since the last time Republicans successfully blocked health care reform in 1993 .
But a February analysis by the Center for American Progress found that the recession added four million more to the rolls of the uninsured , a group which a study by Families USA in March found included 86.7 million Americans over a two - year span .
And a Gallup poll released this week revealed the percentage of American adults without coverage catapulted to 16 % from 14.8 % since the start of the Bush recession in December 2007 .
All told , likely another five million people have pushed the ranks of the uninsured over 50 million .
2. Another 25 Million Underinsured
The crisis does n't end there .
In June 2007 , a devastating assessment from the Commonwealth Fund showed fully 25 million more Americans were " underinsured , " a staggering 60 percent jump since 2003 .
As the study showed , the number of " people who have health coverage that does not adequately protect them from high medical expenses " has skyrocketed :
As of 2007 , there were an estimated 25 million underinsured adults in the United States , up 60 percent from 2003 .
Much of this growth comes from the ranks of the middle class .
While low - income people remain vulnerable , middle - income families have been hit hardest .
For adults with incomes above 200 percent of the federal poverty level ( about $ 40,000 per year for a family ) , the underinsured rates nearly tripled since 2003 .
All in all , 75 million Americans - 42 % of the people in the United States under age 65 - have insufficient insurance or simply none at all .
3. Employer - Based Coverage Plummets Below 60 %
Making matters much worse is the rapid deterioration of employer - provided health insurance coverage .
A 2007 report from the Economic Policy Institute showed a dramatic decline in employer - provided health care .
That drop - off from 64.2 % of Americans covered through workplace insurance in 2000 to just 59.7 % in 2006 alone added 2.3 million more people to those without coverage .
Census data since showed workplace coverage dipped further in 2007 , down to an alarming 59.3 % .
( A recent Thomson Reuters survey put the figure for 2009 at a stunning 54.6 % . )
4. Employer Health Costs to Jump by 9 % in 2010
To be sure , Americans ' health care expenditures are spiraling out of control , expanding at triple the rate of wages .
That annual tab now tops $ 12,000 .
Of that , a recent analysis by the Center for American Progress found that " 8 percent of families ' 2009 health care premiums -- approximately $ 1,100 a year -- is due to our broken system that fails to cover the uninsured . "
And with successful Republican obstruction of Democratic health care initiatives , those jaw - dropping costs would only continue their steep climb .
A new report from the consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers forecast employers will face a 9 % increase in health insurance costs in 2010 .
42 % of those business surveyed will pass at least some the new burden on to their workers .
As PWC's Michael Thompson concluded :
" If the underlying costs go up by 9 % , employees ' costs actually go up by double digits , " he said , noting that will have a " major , major impact " when many employers also are freezing or cutting pay .
5 . One in Five Americans Forced to Postpone Care
Of course , McConnell 's dystopian future of health care delayed is already Americans ' nightmare present .
The Thomson Reuters survey released in April found that 1 in 5 Americans " have delayed or postponed medical care , mostly doctor visits , and many said cost was the main reason , " a staggering jump from 15.9 % in 2006 .
As study leader Gary Pickens summed up the grim findings :
" The results of this survey have serious implications for public health officials , hospital administrators , and healthcare consumers .
We are seeing a positive correlation between Americans losing their access to employer - sponsored health insurance and deferral of healthcare . "
6. 62 % of U.S. Bankruptcies Involve Medical Bills
Given the deterioration of the employer - provided health coverage and the skyrocketing costs of out - of - pocket care , it 's no wonder , as a June 2009 study funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation determined , medical bills are involved in over 60 % of U.S. personal bankruptcies :
More than 75 percent of these bankrupt families had health insurance but still were overwhelmed by their medical debts , the team at Harvard Law School , Harvard Medical School and Ohio University reported in the American Journal of Medicine .
" Using a conservative definition , 62.1 percent of all bankruptcies in 2007 were medical ; 92 percent of these medical debtors had medical debts over $ 5,000 , or 10 percent of pretax family income , " the researchers wrote .
" Most medical debtors were well - educated , owned homes and had middle - class occupations . "
7. Current Health Care Costs Already Fueling Job Losses
While John Boehner trumpets his claim that Democratic health care initiatives " will kill American jobs , " a new analysis from the RAND Corporation found that current excess U.S. health care expenses are already having a devastating effect on the economy .
As BusinessWeek noted ( via The Plum Line ) :
In a first - of - its - kind study , the non-profit Rand Corp linked the rapid growth in U.S. health care costs to job losses and lower output .
The study , published online by the journal Health Services Research , gives weight to President Barack Obama 's dire warnings about the impact of rising costs if Congress does not enact health care reform .
As it turns out , today 's stratospheric growth in health care costs has the most crippling effects in precisely those industries where more workers have employer - sponsored insurance ( ESI ) :
For example , the study estimated that a 10 % increase in excess health care costs would reduce employment by about 0.24 percent in an industry such as motor vehicles , where about 80 % of workers have ESI , compared with about 0.13 % percent drop in the retail trade , where about one - third of workers have ESI .
Economy - wide across all the 38 industries , a 10 % increase in excess health care costs growth would result in about 120,800 fewer jobs , $ 28 billion in lost revenues , and about $ 14 billion in lost value added .
8. 94 % of Health Insurance Markets in U.S Now " Highly Concentrated "
Republican critics of a public option tout regulatory reforms - still undefined - which would allow " insurance companies compete for your business and you can shop around for the best coverage and price . "
But as the Commonwealth Fund revealed in a report titled , " Failure to Protect : Why the Individual Insurance Market Is Not a Viable Option for Most U.S. Families , " that is a far cry from today 's actual private insurance market , one in which Americans are simply priced out :
Over the last three years , nearly three - quarters of people who tried to buy coverage in this market never actually purchased a plan , either because they could not find one that fit their needs or that they could afford , or because they were turned down due to a preexisting condition .
Behind that market failure is the rapid emergence of health insurance monopolies in most areas of the United States .
The past 13 years have seen over 400 corporate mergers involving health insurers .
As the American Medical Association found , " 94 percent of insurance markets in the United States are now highly concentrated , and insurers are thriving in the anti-competitive marketplace , raking in enormous profits and paying out huge CEO salaries . "
As I noted in 2006 :
In most states , the AMA concludes , the idea of choice among competing insurance providers is a myth .
The study showed that in each of 43 states , a small group of insurers exerts such market dominance as to merit the Justice Department " highly concentrated " market methodology for assessing potential anti-trust action .
In 166 of 294 metropolitan areas surveyed , a single insurer controls over half the preferred provider network and HMO underwriting .
In North Dakota , for example , Blue Shield owns 90 % of the market .
It 's no wonder that Jim Rohack , an AMA trustee , concluded , " This problem is widespread across the country , and it needs to be looked at . "
9. Dramatic Decline in Emergency Room Capacity
Last week , Mitch McConnell reassured NBC's David Gregory 's regarding the 47 million uninsured by announcing , " Well , they do n't go without health care . "
With that asinine statement , McConnell was only following in the footsteps of Tom Delay and George W. Bush , who in July 2007 declared :
" I mean , people have access to health care in America .
After all , you just go to an emergency room . "
As it turns out , the disturbing trends above are having a cascading effect on waiting times and treatment at American emergency rooms .
While high - profile cases of the deaths of untreated ER patients in Los Angeles and New York put a face on the crisis , a 2006 report by the Institute of Medicine revealed that U.S. emergency rooms can barely cope with the volume of patients in the best of circumstances , let alone in the wake of crises such as a terrorist attack or flu epidemic :
The study cited three contributing problems to the rise in emergency room visits : the aging of the baby boomers , the growing number of uninsured and underinsured patients , and the lack of access to primary care physicians .
The report found that 114 million people , including 30 million children , visited emergency rooms in 2003 , compared with 90 million visits a decade ago .
In that same period , the number of U.S. hospitals decreased by 703 , the number of emergency rooms decreased by 425 , and the total number of hospital beds dropped by 198,000 , mainly because of the trend toward cheaper outpatient care , according to the report .
10 . Perpetuating Red State Health Care Failure
In May , the Washington Post rightly noted it would be blue state residents funding health care reform for their more conservative cousins in an article titled , " A Red State Booster Shot . "
( The same one - way flow of taxpayer dollars from Washington to red states , of course , is a permanent feature of federal spending in general . )
As I detailed in 2007 , Americans ' health is worst in precisely those states that voted for George W. Bush :
The Commonwealth Fund report , " Aiming Higher : Results from a State Scorecard on Health System Performance , " examined states ' performance across 32 indicators of health care access , quality , outcomes and hospital use .
Topping the list were Hawaii , Iowa , New Hampshire , Vermont and Maine .
Bringing up the rear were the Bush bastions of Kentucky , Louisiana , Nevada , Arkansas , Texas , with Mississippi and Oklahoma .
The 10 worst performing states were all solidly Republican in 2004 .
The extremes in health care performance are startling .
For example , 30 % of adults and 20 % of children in Texas lacked health insurance , compared to 11 % in Minnesota and 5 % in Vermont , respectively .
Premature death rates from preventable conditions were almost double ( 141.7 per 100,000 people ) in Tennessee , Arkansas , Louisiana and Mississippi compared to the top performing states ( 74.1 per 100,000 ) .
Adults over 50 receiving preventative care topped 50 % in Minnesota compared to only 33 % in Idaho .
Childhood immunizations reached 94 % in Massachusetts , compared to just 75 % in the bottom five states .
As the report details , federal and state policies including insurance requirements and Medicaid incentives clearly impact health care outcomes .
For more on the performance of the American health care system , including international comparisons , see " U.S. Health Care by the Numbers . "
For a demolition of Republican talking points , see " Ten Myths About Health Care Reform " at ThinkProgress .
________
* It 's worth noting , as the Kaiser Family Foundation did in its analysis , that " although legal and undocumented non-citizens accounted for 22 % of the nonelderly uninsured in 2006 , citizens still made up the bulk of the uninsured ( 78 % ) .
Further , the majority ( 76% - 80 % ) of the growth in the number of uninsured from 2000 to 2006 occurred among citizens , not legal and undocumented non-citizens . "
( This piece also appears at Perrspectives . )
Josh Bloch on Design
A Conversation with Effective Java Author , Josh Bloch
by Bill Venners
First Published in JavaWorld , January 4 , 2002
Advertisement
Summary
On Monday , December 10 , 2001 Bill Venners visited the Sun Microsystems campus in Santa Clara , California to interview Josh Bloch , an architect in the Core Java Platform Group .
In this interview , Josh discusses many aspects of design .
Over the past several years , Sun Microsystems Architect Joshua Bloch has designed major enhancements to the Java APIs and language , specifically for the Java Collections API and the java .
math package .
Most recently , he lead the expert groups that defined Java 's assert and preferences facilities .
In his 2001 book , Effective Java Programming Language Guide , Josh distilled his wisdom into 57 concrete guidelines for designing and implementing Java programs .
In this interview , Josh discusses API design , extreme programming , code quality and reuse , refactoring , defensive copies trust , forgiveness , immutables , documenting for inheritance or disallowing it , copy constructors , factory methods , the equals method , and more .
Why API Design ?
Bill Venners :
In the preface of your fine book , Effective Java Language Programming Guide , you write that you tend to think in terms of API design .
I do too .
If I were managing a large software project , I would want to decompose it into subsystems and have people design interfaces to those subsystems -- interfaces that would be APIs .
Considering that , how does an API - design approach contrast with the popular extreme programming approach , and to what extent should API design be the norm in software projects ?
Joshua Bloch :
In my experience , there is too much monolithic software construction .
Someone says that he wants to design a record - oriented file system , and does it .
He starts designing the record - oriented file system and sees where it leads him , rather than follow this decomposition you speak of .
Decomposition into subsystems is important , but as important is to have each subsystem be a well - designed , freestanding abstraction .
That 's where I feel like a preacher on a soapbox .
It 's much easier to avoid turning the subsystem into a reasonable component .
In particular , it 's easy to let reverse dependencies creep in , where you write the low - level subsystem for the use of its initial higher - level client , and you let assumptions about that client creep downwards .
In the case of less experienced programmers , it 's more than assumptions .
You let variable names creep downwards , and you let specific artifacts of that initial client creep into the allegedly lower - level reusable component .
When you finish , you do n't have a reusable component , you just have a piece of a monolithic system .
You want to weaken that coupling such that the subsystem can then be reused outside of its original context .
And there are all sorts of reasons for doing that , which I go over in my book .
You write something for one use , and it subsequently finds its major use elsewhere .
But that only works if a subsystem is a well - designed , freestanding abstraction .
How Important is Reuse ?
Bill Venners :
One of the early slogans about the object - oriented approach stated that it promoted reuse .
But I think people found in practice that they did n't reuse much .
Everybody needed something slightly different from what already existed , so they wrote that new thing from scratch .
Perhaps things were n't designed for reuse , but , nevertheless , people still managed to build software .
To what extent do you think reuse is important ?
Josh Bloch : Reuse is extremely important but difficult to achieve .
You do n't get it for free , but it is achievable .
The projects I do here at Sun -- the Java Collections Framework , java . math , and so on -- are reusable components .
I think they have been quite successful at being used by a number of vastly different clients .
In my last job , where I built systems , I found that 75 percent of the code I wrote for any given system was reusable in other systems .
To achieve that reuse level , I had to consciously design for it .
I had to spend a large fraction of my time decomposing things into clean , freestanding abstractions , debugging them independently , writing unit tests , that sort of thing .
Many developers do n't do those steps .
You touched on it when you asked how API design contrasts with extreme programming , and what do you do if you are a manager building something .
One extreme programming tenet advocates you write the simplest thing that can solve your problem .
That 's a fine tenet , but it 's easy to misconstrue .
The extreme programming proponents do n't advocate writing something that will barely work as fast as you can .
They do n't advise you to forgo any design .
They do advocate leaving out the bells , whistles , and features you do n't need and add them later , if a real need is demonstrated .
And that 's incredibly important , because you can always add a feature , but you can never take it out .
Once a feature is there , you can't say , sorry , we screwed up , we want to take it out because other code now depends on it .
People will scream .
So , when in doubt , leave it out .
Extreme programming also stresses refactoring .
During the refactoring process , you spend much of your time cleaning up the components and APIs , ripping things into better modules .
It is critical to do this , and to stay light on your feet -- do n't freeze the APIs too early .
But you 'll have less work to do if you design the intermodular boundaries carefully to begin with .
Bill Venners : Why ?
Josh Bloch : Because massive refactorings prove difficult .
If you built something as a monolithic system and then find you had repeated code all over the place , and you want to refactor it properly , you 'll have a massive job .
In contrast , if you wrote it as components , but you got some of the component boundaries a little wrong , you can tweak them easily .
I think the disconnect between extreme programming and the API - based design process I espouse is not as great as it appears .
When you talk to someone like Kent Beck [ author of Extreme Programming Explained ] , I think you 'll find that he does much of the same stuff I do .
To get back to your first question , if you are a manager , you should certainly give your team the latitude to create a good design before they jump in and start coding .
At the same time , you should n't let them design every bell and whistle in the world ; you should ensure they design the minimal system that will do the job .
Venners :
So it sounds the extreme programming folks are trying to say , " Do the simplest feature set that could possibly work . "
But not , " Do the quickest slop you can throw down that could work possibly . "
Josh Bloch : Precisely .
In fact , people who try to " do the quickest slop you can throw down " often take longer to produce a working system than people who carefully design the components .
But certainly , API design helps if you consider cost over time .
If you throw down some slop , and , God forbid , the slop becomes immortalized as a public API that must be lived with for years , you really are toast .
Such APIs become a tremendous support burden over time , and lead to great customer dissatisfaction .
Improving Code Quality
Bill Venners :
You also claim in your book that thinking in terms of APIs tends to improve code quality .
Could you clarify why you think that .
Josh Bloch : I 'm talking about programming in the large here .
It 's relatively easy to write high - quality code if you are tackling a reasonably sized problem .
If you do a good decomposition into components , you 'll be able to concentrate on one thing at a time , and you 'll do a better job .
So doing good programming in the large leads to good programming in the small .
Moreover , modular decomposition represents a key component of software quality .
If you have a tightly coupled system , when you tweak one component , the whole system breaks .
If you thought in terms of APIs , the intermodular boundaries are clear , so you can maintain and improve one module without affecting the others .
Bill Venners :
Can you clarify what you mean by " programming in the large " and " programming in the small ? "
Josh Bloch : By " programming in the large , " I mean tackling a big problem -- a problem too big to sit down and solve with one little freestanding program ; a problem big enough that it must be broken down into sub problems .
" Programming in the large " involves the complexity issues inherent in a large problem .
In contrast , " programming in the small " asks :
How can I best sort this array of floats ?
API design and refactoring
Bill Venners :
How does focusing on API design serve you well in the refactoring process ?
I believe I heard you say that developers wo n't have to do as much refactoring .
Josh Bloch :
That 's part of it .
In addition , refactoring is often ex post facto API design .
You look at the program and say : I have almost the same code here , here , and here .
I can break this out into a module .
Then you carefully design that module 's API .
So , whether you do it at refactoring time or up front , it 's the same process .
In truth , you always do a bit of both .
Programming is an iterative process .
You try to do the best you can up front , but you do n't really know whether you have the API right until you use it .
Nobody gets it right the first time , even if they have years of experience .
Doug Lea [ author of Concurrent Programming in Java ] and I chat about this issue from time to time .
We write stuff together , and , when we try to use it , things do n't always work .
In retrospect , we make obvious API design mistakes .
Does this mean Doug and I are dumb ?
Not really .
It 's just impossible to predict exactly what the demand will be on an API until you have tried it .
That 's why whenever you write an interface or an abstract class , it 's critical to do as many concrete implementations as possible before committing to the API .
It 's difficult or impossible to change it after the fact , so you better make sure it 's good beforehand .
Trust versus Being Defensive
Bill Venners : Now I 'd like to talk about trust .
To what extent should I trust client programmers to do the right thing ?
You write in your book about making defensive copies of objects passed to and from methods .
Defensive copying is an example of not trusting clients .
Is there not a robustness versus performance tradeoff to defensive copying ?
Indeed , if you have arbitrarily large objects , could it be expensive to defensively copy every time ?
Josh Bloch : Clearly there is a tradeoff .
On the other hand , I do n't believe in attacking performance problems too early .
If it 's not a problem , why bother attacking it ?
And there are other ways around the problem .
One , of course , is immutability .
If something can't be modified , then you do n't have to copy it .
It is true you might opt in favor of performance rather than robustness and not copy something if you believe you are operating in a safe environment -- an environment where you know and trust your clients wo n't do the wrong thing .
Certainly you 'll find most C - based programs filled with comments saying :
It is imperative that this method 's client not modify the object after it is called , blah , blah , blah .
Yes , you can successfully write code that way .
Anyone who has programmed in C or C++ has done so .
On the other hand , it 's more difficult because you forget you cannot modify it , or you have aliasing .
You do n't modify it , but , oops , you 've passed a reference to the same object to someone else who does n't realize he should n't modify it .
All things being equal , it is easier to write correct code if you actually do the defensive copying or use immutability than if you depend on the programmer to do the right thing .
So , unless you know that you have a performance need to allow this sort of error to happen , I think it 's best to simply disallow it .
Write the program , then see if it runs fast enough .
If it does n't , then decide whether you want to carefully relax those restrictions .
Generally speaking , you should not allow an ill - behaved client to ruin a server .
You want to isolate failures from one module to the next , so that a failure in one module can't break a second module .
It 's a defense against intentional failures , as in hacking .
And more commonly , it 's a defense against sloppy programming or against bad documentation , where a user of some module does n't understand his responsibilities in terms of modifying or not modifying some data object .
Defensive Copying and the Contract
Bill Venners :
If I defensively copy an object passed into , say , a constructor , should I document that defensive copying as part of the class 's contract ?
If I do n't document it , I may have the flexibility later to remove the defensive copy for a performance tweak .
But if I do n't document it , client programmers can't be sure the constructor will do a defensive copy .
So they may do a defensive copy themselves before they pass the object to my constructor .
Then we 'll have two defensive copies .
Josh Bloch :
If you have n't documented it , is a client permitted to modify the parameter or is n't he ?
Obviously , if you have a paranoid client , he wo n't modify the parameter because it might hurt your module .
In practice , programmers are n't that paranoid -- they do modify .
All things being equal , if the documentation does n't say you must not do this , the programmer will do it .
So , you are signing on for that defensive copy whether or not you document it .
And you might as well document it because then even the paranoid client will know that , yes , he has the right to do anything he wants with the input parameter .
Ideally , you should document that you are doing a defensive copy .
However , if you look back at my code , you 'll find that I have n't .
I defend against sloppy clients , but I have n't always made this explicit in the documentation .
One problem with writing widely distributed source code is that people can go back and look at your code and say :
Ah , but you did n't do it here .
Generally speaking , I respond :
Well , I learned a few things since I wrote that ; now I know I have to do it .
In this case , it 's a question of how careful is your documentation ?
I 'm probably not careful enough , and , yes , I think it 's worth being careful .
Trusting Contracts
Bill Venners : Should I trust that passed objects correctly implement their contract ?
Recently , I had to create a Set implementation that had a consistent serialized form between different virtual machines .
I was writing a class I called ConsistentSet as a subclass of your nice AbstractSet , and I had a constructor that took a Set .
In this constructor I simply wanted to copy the elements out of the passed Set into an array that formed the state of the new ConsistentSet .
I put the elements in an array so that whenever the ConsistentSet was serialized in any virtual machine , the elements would get serialized in the same order .
As I wrote the code that pulled the elements out of the passed Set and copied them into the array , I wondered whether I should trust that this passed Set contains no duplicates ?
Because if I do , I 'm relying on someone else to implement his contract correctly .
And if the passed Set violates its contract by containing duplicate elements , it breaks my class .
I 'm also a Set and also supposed to contain no duplicates , so perhaps I should program defensively and check for duplicates in the passed Set as I copy its elements to my array .
On the other hand , is n't a basic idea of object - oriented programming that you divide up responsibilities among different objects , and let each object perform its role as promised in its contract ?
Josh Bloch : I think you have no choice but to trust that objects implement their contracts .
Once people start violating their contracts , the whole world falls apart .
A simple example : Equal objects must have equal hash codes .
If you created types for which this is n't true , hash tables and hash sets would n't work .
More generally , when objects stop obeying their contracts , objects around them start to break -- that 's just the way it is .
I can understand why it makes you nervous , but , yes , you do have to trust objects to implement their contracts .
If you feel nervous , you can take a hint from the intelligence community and " trust but verify . "
The best way to do this is with assertions , because you do n't pay for them when you turn them off .
Use assertions to test that other objects are obeying their contracts , and , if your program starts acting strangely , enable assertions and you may well find out who is to blame .
Trusting Subclasses
Bill Venners : Should I trust subclasses more intimately than non-subclasses ?
For example , do I make it easier for a subclass implementation to break me than I would for a non-subclass ?
In particular , how do you feel about protected data ?
Josh Bloch :
To write something that is both subclassable and robust against a malicious subclass is actually a pretty tough thing to do , assuming you give the subclass access to your internal data structures .
If the subclass does not have access to anything that an ordinary user does n't , then it 's harder for the subclass to do damage .
But unless you make all your methods final , the subclass can still break your contracts by just doing the wrong things in response to method invocation .
That 's precisely why the security critical classes like String are final .
Otherwise someone could write a subclass that makes String s appear mutable , which would be sufficient to break security .
So you must trust your subclasses .
If you do n't trust them , then you can't allow them , because subclasses can so easily cause a class to violate its contracts .
As far as protected data in general , it 's a necessary evil .
It should be kept to a minimum .
Most protected data and protected methods amount to committing to an implementation detail .
A protected field is an implementation detail that you are making visible to subclasses .
Even a protected method is a piece of internal structure that you are making visible to subclasses .
The reason you make it visible is that it 's often necessary in order to allow subclasses to do their job , or to do it efficiently .
But once you 've done it , you 're committed to it .
It is now something that you are not allowed to change , even if you later find a more efficient implementation that no longer involves the use of a particular field or method .
So all other things being equal , you should n't have any protected members at all .
But that said , if you have too few , then your class may not be usable as a super class , or at least not as an efficient super class .
Often you find out after the fact .
My philosophy is to have as few protected members as possible when you first write the class .
Then try to subclass it .
You may find out that without a particular protected method , all subclasses will have to do some bad thing .
As an example , if you look at AbstractList , you 'll find that there is a protected method to delete a range of the list in one shot ( removeRange ) .
Why is that in there ?
Because the normal idiom to remove a range , based on the public API , is to call subList to get a sub - List , and then call clear on that sub - List .
Without this particular protected method , however , the only thing that clear could do is repeatedly remove individual elements .
Think about it .
If you have an array representation , what will it do ?
It will repeatedly collapse the array , doing order N work N times .
So it will take a quadratic amount of work , instead of the linear amount of work that it should .
By providing this protected method , we allow any implementation that can efficiently delete an entire range to do so .
And any reasonable List implementation can delete a range more efficiently all at once .
That we would need this protected method is something you would have to be way smarter than me to know up front .
Basically , I implemented the thing .
Then , as we started to subclass it , we realized that range delete was quadratic .
We could n't afford that , so I put in the protected method .
I think that 's the best approach with protected methods .
Put in as few as possible , and then add more as needed .
Protected methods represent commitments to designs that you may want to change .
You can always add protected methods , but you can't take them out .
Bill Venners :
And protected data ?
Josh Bloch :
The same thing , but even more .
Protected data is even more dangerous in terms of messing up your data invariants .
If you give someone else access to some internal data , they have free reign over it .
Being Forgiving
Bill Venners : OK , enough of trust .
How about forgiveness ?
To what extent should I be forgiving of clients ?
For example , imagine a constructor that takes an array of Config objects .
Should I allow null s in that array ?
I could document clearly that null elements are allowed and simply ignored .
Maybe allowing null s makes the class easier to use , but on the other hand , it may also be missing an opportunity to catch null reference bugs earlier .
Josh Bloch : I think you pretty much answered your own question .
I agree with the latter observation .
Basically , I think this is one of these specious things .
Some people claim they want this freedom , but in practice , once they have it , all it does is masks bugs .
Also , there are general conventions for these things .
In Java , the convention is not that null means a zero length array .
null means null .
If you pass a null to something , it often invokes a method on it and throws a NullPointerException .
If an API allows null s to exist longer , it is n't doing you any favor .
It 's just pushing the exception off to the next API that you pass the thing to .
Often , it 's better to just enforce the rules uniformly .
Some people will complain , especially because the convention is n't completely universal .
There are APIs that do let you pass around null s as an abbreviation for zero length arrays or for an empty string , etc .
And those APIs are in a sense bad citizens , because once you mix them with APIs that do n't , you 're in trouble .
This is one of these few places where I feel like some sort of puritan .
But I have found that it 's easier to write robust correct systems if you are maybe a little less forgiving on input .
On the other hand , this is a controversial issue and the greater the variety of clients you have to operate with , the more forgiving you should be .
For example , if a browser threw up its hands every time it hit bad HTML , that would be a disaster .
There are millions of people writing HTML , and many of them have no clue how to write syntactically perfect HTML .
Bill Venners :
That 's true , but on the other hand most people probably look at their web pages in a browser before publishing them .
If the browser did n't work until the HTML was correct , then you 'd probably have much less bad HTML on the web .
And this issue is not not just about null s.
It 's a general philosophy issue in design .
I 've met people who say you should be forgiving .
If somebody passes something that 's a little weird , you make assumptions about their intent and go on , instead of throwing an exception and killing everything .
They think it is better to try and keep going than to bring everything to a screeching halt .
Josh Bloch :
One of the biggest problems with forgiveness is you start to lose precision .
Often the specs on what can come in are designed to let you precisely state your intentions .
If you get something that is n't syntactically valid and you try to intuit what the programmer 's intentions were , you may come up with something that does not match their intentions .
That 's why we have formal languages .
There are places where we are utterly unforgiving .
For instance , if you look at Integer .
parseInt , it does not tolerate leading or trailing white space .
Occasionally , people complain about his , but I think it can be justified on these grounds .
There 's a precise definition for what constitutes legitimate string representation of an integer , and that 's what you have to provide .
Generally speaking , I find the things that are looser are the ones where we get into trouble .
An extreme example of this is the persistent form of Properties .
The store and load methods of class java.util .
Properties emit properties to disk and pull them in .
The on - disk format tries to be forgiving , but it does n't do a terribly good job of it .
If you look at the bug database , you 'll probably see tens if not hundreds of bugs having to do with the inability to get something reasonable on input when you output some properties and edit them , or take them from one locale to another , or one system to another .
The reason for all these bug reports is that we did n't write a BNF for the property file format .
If we had just said , " Look , this is the syntax of a legitimate on - disk properties file .
Obey it and you 'll have no problems , " that would have been great .
But we did n't do that .
Instead , we said , " This is roughly speaking what a legitimate on - disk properties file is , and we 're a little flexible in what we accept . "
In practice , there is no clear demarcation of what constitutes legitimate and what does n't .
And there is no clear mapping from what 's on disk to the actual logical object .
If you look at Preferences , which is a replacement for Properties , you 'll see that it uses XML with a DTD as it's on - disk representation .
And there 's no doubt as to what constitutes a legitimate Preferences document .
Either it is or it is n't .
Either it obeys the DTD or it does n't .
Documenting Immutability
Bill Venners : Should I document in the contract of a class that it is immutable ?
If I do n't , I may have the option of making the class mutable in a future version .
But if I do n't mention immutability in the contract of the class , clients may feel the need to clone instances of it before passing them to or from methods .
If I do document immutability and the class is subclassable , then I 'm basically relying on the kindness of the person who does the subclass to make sure the subclass is also immutable .
Josh Bloch :
If it 's not subclassable , then you are documenting it , assuming you are documenting your class properly , whether you use the words " represents an immutable complex number " or not .
If the set of operations that you have does not permit mutation , then you have documented that it 's immutable .
I think you should document as clearly as possible , though , so I think using the word immutable is not a bad idea at all .
If it 's subclassable , then it 's actually part of the contract that the subclasser must maintain , so I think you should get right out and say , " These are immutables , " so anyone making subclasses knows they should maintain that immutability .
But as you 've alluded to , subclassability and immutability are somewhat at odds with one another .
It is possible to do something that 's both immutable and extendable but it demands great care .
The most you can do , if you assume an unfriendly subclasser , is to make all the methods final and say , " You are permitted to add methods to this . "
Because the moment you start letting someone override the methods , they can do things that imply mutability .
For example , let 's say you 're subclassing String ( in some alternate universe where it is n't final ) .
Any of the operations that actually do something to the String , that search for substrings , etc. , can return different results depending on when they are called .
They can return random results , if you really have a sense of humor .
And in doing so , you would have broken the immutability of String .
So if you want something both subclassable and immutable , you better make all the methods final .
This raises the question , why bother making it subclassable ?
Why not just make it final or make no accessible constructors ?
Let someone who wants to add methods write a " utility class " consisting of static methods that take one of the things on input .
Generally speaking , my view is that classes that are immutable should not be subclassable , and I 've goofed in this area .
The first big thing that I did when I arrived here in 1996 was java .
math .
If you look at BigInteger and BigDecimal , you 'll see that they are both immutable and subclassable .
I know in my heart of hearts that this is wrong .
In fact , the methods are n't final , so you can make a BigInteger appear mutable by subclassing it and then just lying in response to add and multiply and divide operations .
Whereas you can't do this with String because it 's genuinely immutable : String is final , so it does what it says it does .
Bill Venners :
That makes sense , but I think it also conflicts somewhat with what you said earlier ( in Part I of this interview ) about trusting that classes implement their contract .
A subclass is a class .
If its contract says that it must maintain immutability , then should we trust it to do that ?
It 's a hard line to draw .
When do I trust and when do I stop trusting ?
Josh Bloch :
You need to trust , but on the other hand , you can also obey reasonable caution .
It is true that when you allow subclassing , you are opening the door for more difficulties , so you should only do this if you have a good reason to do it .
This is something that I arrived at over time .
Subclassing is great for certain things .
In particular , I think within a library -- within a trust boundary - - it 's just great .
If you are implementing a whole bunch of different collections classes , it 's really nice if you can share a mechanism by subclassing .
For example , LinkedHashMap extends HashMap .
All the hashing stuff is inside HashMap .
It works nicely .
But on the other hand , once you do this across libraries you are trusting people who maybe you should n't trust , because it 's the world at large that you are trusting .
And you have to ask yourself , " What am I getting in exchange for this ? "
When it comes down to these immutable value types , what you 're getting in exchange for it is you are letting people add methods to your immutable value type .
It 's not clear that this is important .
When I am using somebody else 's class , I 'm just as happy to write a static utility class to " add " methods .
And I would hope that other people are happy to do the same thing to my classes .
So , basically , I think you should n't make something extendable unless you have a good reason to do it .
When to Use Immutables
Bill Venners :
You just said " value types . "
The last time I talked to James Gosling , I asked him when would he make a class immutable versus mutable .
He said he'd make classes immutable whenever he could , because you do n't have to worry about cloning it before you pass it and so on .
In your book you seem reiterate that philosophy .
The way I have always thought about immutables , though , was primarily as value classes .
The kind of classes that felt like immutables to me were things like a complex number , a big integer , a bit set , or maybe a matrix .
But if I have an abstraction that models , say , a vending machine , where I have money going in and candy bars coming out , that looks like a state machine and feels to me like a mutable object .
When would you use immutables in designs ?
Josh Bloch :
There are all sorts of ways you could design a vending machine .
For starters , you 'll probably have a type to represent the state .
By all means , that should be immutable .
The type to represent the state could be either type - safe enum or a primitive int .
You should probably use a type - safe enum .
If I have a variable deep in the bowels of my machine that represents the current state , the last thing I want is somebody else from the outside being able to change the state of my machine by modifying this object that 's doing nothing but holding the state .
So , I think there is a place for immutability , even if you decide to go with the mutable design , which I think is perfectly reasonable .
There is a way to do a state machine immutably , which is basically to duplicate the entire machine each time you do a state transition .
But I think that is forced , and I do n't do that sort of design generally .
You can look at things that I 've done , where there is a state transition diagram , like the Timer class in java.util .
The Timer object does go through state transitions .
But that said , I think that when you are designing a state transition system , you should make it as simple as possible -- in a sense , as immutable as possible .
So if something is naturally modeled as a state machine , then clearly , there would be a mutable object that is the state machine .
But on the other hand , you should carefully analyze the state transition diagram , make it as simple as possible -- give it as few states as possible and as few arcs as possible .
And then you should document the thing to a T .
Most of the really broken classes that I have dealt with are the ones that have complicated state transition diagrams that were not well documented .
If a state transition diagram is n't well documented , people just can't use the class .
Client code that works will break in the next release because the implementation will be changed in a way that subtlety changes the state transition diagram .
Because it was never documented in the first place , people depend on implementation details that are no longer accurate .
So whenever you have mutable classes , you should be very conscious of the fact that there is a state transition diagram , and you should document it to your user .
This is one of the big differences between APIs designed by people with a lot of experience APIs designed by novices .
Experienced programmers really do try to minimize the state space and the people with less experience do n't realize that this is an important aspect of any API .
Bill Venners : Sounds like the guideline is " minimize mutability . "
Josh Bloch : Absolutely .
It 's funny you should phrase it that way , because I once gave a talk on API design where each section had an alliterative title .
And I came up with the same alliteration that you did .
Documenting for Inheritance or Disallowing It
Bill Venners : I wanted to talk about your recommendation that we document for inheritance or disallow it .
Josh Bloch : I should come clean right up front .
That was a deliberate overstatement .
If you look at our APIs , you 'll see that there are a bunch of them that are neither designed for inheritance nor do they disallow it .
For example , Hashtable is n't designed for inheritance , but does n't disallow it .
And in fact , people do subclass it .
They do override methods , and they do produce garbage .
The statement was a reaction to stuff that I 'd seen , but I did n't start really putting it into practice until recently .
Realistically , I do n't expect people will start designing for inheritance or disallowing it outright , but I hope they will start thinking in these terms .
At least they will start disallowing untrammeled inheritance , where you can override anything and produce complete garbage .
I hope the advice will cause people to write more final classes , more immutable classes , generally safer classes .
But I do n't expect that as of tomorrow , everybody will start designing for inheritance or disallowing it .
Bill Venners : I kind of got from reading your book that this was something that you 'd come to more recently .
It made sense to me , but I had really never thought about it before .
When I first read about final classes in Gosling and Arnold 's The Java Programming Language book , it said , " Be careful .
Making classes final is an extremely severe restriction on clients , and you should only do it for security reasons . "
And so , I think I still kind of have that mindset .
I am sheepish about making classes final because it seems so drastic .
Josh Bloch :
You do n't need that mindset anymore .
My view is you can always add something , but you can't take it away .
Make it final .
If somebody really needs to subclass it , they will call you .
Listen to their argument .
Find out if it 's legitimate .
If it is , in the next release you can take out the final .
In terms of binary compatibility , it is not something that you have to live with forever .
You can take something that was final and make it non-final .
If you had no public constructors , you can add a public constructor .
Or if you actually labeled the class final , you can remove the access modifier .
If you look at the binary compatibility chapter of the JLS ( Chapter 13 ) , you will see that you have not hurt binary compatibility by adding extendibility in a later release .
Bill Venners :
Well , if a class is Serializable I think it will often be impractical to remove final in a later version of the class .
Let 's say you and I are two VMs on a network , and you have version one of a class , which is final .
I have version two of that class , in which final has been taken away , plus a subclass of the now non-final class .
If I attempt to serialize and send you an instance of the subclass , it wo n't deserialize on your side .
Because on your side the class exists , but at version one , which is final .
Josh Bloch : Yep .
Copy Constructor versus Cloning
Bill Venners :
In your book you recommend using a copy constructor instead of implementing Cloneable and writing clone .
Could you elaborate on that ?
Josh Bloch :
If you 've read the item about cloning in my book , especially if you read between the lines , you will know that I think clone is deeply broken .
There are a few design flaws , the biggest of which is that the Cloneable interface does not have a clone method .
And that means it simply does n't work : making something Cloneable does n't say anything about what you can do with it .
Instead , it says something about what it can do internally .
It says that if by calling super.clone repeatedly it ends up calling Object 's clone method , this method will return a field copy of the original .
But it does n't say anything about what you can do with an object that implements the Cloneable interface , which means that you can't do a polymorphic clone operation .
If I have an array of Cloneable , you would think that I could run down that array and clone every element to make a deep copy of the array , but I can't .
You cannot cast something to Cloneable and call the clone method , because Cloneable does n't have a public clone method and neither does Object .
If you try to cast to Cloneable and call the clone method , the compiler will say you are trying to call the protected clone method on object .
The truth of the matter is that you do n't provide any capability to your clients by implementing Cloneable and providing a public clone method other than the ability to copy .
This is no better than what you get if you provide a copy operation with a different name and you do n't implement Cloneable .
That 's basically what you 're doing with a copy constructor .
The copy constructor approach has several advantages , which I discuss in the book .
One big advantage is that the copy can be made to have a different representation from the original .
For example , you can copy a LinkedList into an ArrayList .
Object 's clone method is very tricky .
It 's based on field copies , and it's " extra-linguistic . "
It creates an object without calling a constructor .
There are no guarantees that it preserves the invariants established by the constructors .
There have been lots of bugs over the years , both in and outside Sun , stemming from the fact that if you just call super.
clone repeatedly up the chain until you have cloned an object , you have a shallow copy of the object .
The clone generally shares state with the object being cloned .
If that state is mutable , you do n't have two independent objects .
If you modify one , the other changes as well .
And all of a sudden , you get random behavior .
There are very few things for which I use Cloneable anymore .
I often provide a public clone method on concrete classes because people expect it .
I do n't have abstract classes implement Cloneable , nor do I have interfaces extend it , because I wo n't place the burden of implementing Cloneable on all the classes that extend ( or implement ) the abstract class ( or interface ) .
It 's a real burden , with few benefits .
Doug Lea goes even further .
He told me that he does n't use clone anymore except to copy arrays .
You should use clone to copy arrays , because that 's generally the fastest way to do it .
But Doug 's types simply do n't implement Cloneable anymore .
He 's given up on it .
And I think that 's not unreasonable .
It 's a shame that Cloneable is broken , but it happens .
The original Java APIs were done very quickly under a tight deadline to meet a closing market window .
The original Java team did an incredible job , but not all of the APIs are perfect .
Cloneable is a weak spot , and I think people should be aware of its limitations .
Factory Method versus Constructor
Bill Venners :
When would you use a factory method versus a constructor ?
Josh Bloch : I like factory methods , as you probably know from the book .
Factory methods give you a lot of flexibility in terms of what type you can return : you can return any subclass of a declared type .
They give you the ability not to create an object each time they are invoked .
For immutable types , they are just great , because they can save you from producing a whole bunch of functionally identical objects .
For example , the Boolean type , which is a boxed primitive boolean , simply should not have had public constructors .
It is basically a type - safe enum , and it should have been one .
There should only be two Boolean objects in a VM at any time , one true and one false .
There 's really no great advantage to allow multiple true s or multiple false s , and I 've seen programs that produce millions of true s and millions of false s , creating needless work for the garbage collector .
So , in the case of immutables , I think factory methods are great .
In the case of classes that reasonably admit multiple implementations , for which you want the ability to change implementations over time , or change implementations at run time based on usage characteristics , I think they are good .
I also think factory methods are useful if you find yourself with a bunch of constructors that have a bunch or arguments , and it's hard to keep them straight .
When you read a constructor invocation and you see a bunch of different arguments , you do n't know what they are there for .
It 's nice if you can replace the name , say new BigInteger ( ) with BigInteger.probablePrime .
Now you know what that invocation is doing -- it 's producing a probable prime .
In fact , if you look at BigInteger , you 'll see that we did exactly that .
We needed to change the semantics of the prime generation stuff a little bit .
At the same time as we did that , we changed it from a constructor to a static factory .
Once again , this represents an evolution in our thinking over the years .
The only time you really need accessible constructors is when you want to allow for subclassing , as subclass constructors must invoke superclass constructors .
If you want to be subclassable , then you pretty much can't use static factories .
Bill Venners :
Those constructors can be protected and not public .
Josh Bloch :
They can .
That 's another approach , to have public static factories and protected constructors .
And I must confess , I have n't actually written to that style much , I think because I tend not to write classes that encourage subclassing .
When you are writing a class , you can run down the my book 's list of the advantages of static factories over public constructors .
If you find that a significant number of those advantages actually apply in your case , then you should go with the static factories .
Otherwise you should go with the constructors .
Some people were disappointed to find that advice in my book .
They read it and said , " You 've argued so strongly for public static factories that we should just use them by default . "
I think the only real disadvantage in doing so is that it's a bit disconcerting to people who are used to using constructors to create their objects .
And I suppose it provides a little less of a visual cue in the program .
( You do n't see the new keyword . )
Also it 's a little more difficult to find static factories in the documentation , because Javadoc groups all the constructors together .
But I would say that everyone should consider static factories all the time , and use them when they are appropriate .
List versus Array
Bill Venners :
When should I use a List versus an array as a return type or parameter type .
Josh Bloch : Darn good question .
The equation changes , of course , when we get generics .
Right now , if you want to provide a statically typed return value or input parameter , then you have to use an array .
List s are not statically typed , because they are ordinary old interfaces and there is no way to parameterize a user type these days .
Arrays , because they are part of the language , have the distinction of being the only generic type , or parameterized type , in the language .
So , if it 's very important to you to have static typing , then you must use arrays .
The other thing is that arrays , once again , are fairly traditional .
They are less disconcerting to people than List s because List s have not been widely adopted yet as the currency for passing stuff in and out .
On the other hand , List s are nice .
They are very flexible .
You can pass anything , including an array , on input if you have an input parameter that 's a List .
So , if you are writing something where you really do n't know where the input is coming from , then List makes a nice input type .
If someone happens to have an array , they can say Arrays .
asList and pass the array in as a List .
And that does n't involve a copy .
It 's a simple wrapping operation with a small , constant cost .
On the other hand , if it will be used in a more tightly defined context and you really would like to have that compile time type safety , so that you do n't get a ClassCastException at run time if you were expecting a List of mail messages and you got a List of mail folders , then I think you should use the arrays .
Arrays are also likely to be a bit cheaper , but on the other hand , you know how I feel about performance .
If it 's not a bottleneck , then you might as well do the right thing , rather than the fast thing .
So right now , a lot of people use arrays to get compile time type safety , and they certainly have my blessing until the language has generics .
Once you can pass in List of mail messages and List of mail folder as two distinct types , then I think it becomes much more reasonable to take the List on input .
In fact , we have n't really thought hard about this stuff , but I suppose it would even be possible to have arrays implement the List interface .
So that when you take a List on input , you can also pass an array without even wrapping it .
That would be a major change .
When we put the collections framework into the platform , we did it without any changes to the language .
But I think it might not have been unreasonable to do exactly that , to turn arrays into List s .
You touched on the only two reasonable input types , List and array .
Do n't use Vector on input , do n't use HashTable .
They do n't cut it .
Of course , Map is okay as well .
On output , of course , you can use the other things if you are willing to commit to those types .
Lightweight versus Heavyweight Objects
Bill Venners :
In your book , you say it 's usually not a good idea to do object pooling for lightweight objects , because the VM is very efficient at garbage collecting lightweight objects .
By " lightweight " do you mean it does n't take much time to construct the object , or the object does n't take much memory ?
Define heavyweight versus lightweight object .
Josh Bloch : I really do mean time .
But on the other hand , if it takes a lot of memory , it probably takes a lot of time , because you are initializing all that memory .
Basically the idea is that you 'd like to amortize the work when you 've made a heavyweight object .
The canonical example is a database connection , where you do all sorts of native calls to establish the session .
And it can take a major fraction of a second ( or more ) to do this .
It would be silly to use it for a few calls , discard it , and then spend that time again to do a few more calls the next time someone needs to access the database .
You should decide up front how much resources you want to allocate to this .
You should create , say , five open connections , or whatever .
You should have this pool of connections and just share them among all of the clients .
It 's more about computation time than it is about memory .
I 'm not an expert in this area , but the people in the 2D graphics community talk about pooling frame buffers as well , where there are huge quantities of memory involved ( megabytes ) .
It 's also about predictability .
If something is big , and you have strict bounds on how many you will need , it might be reasonable to leave them around and pool them yourself .
instanceof versus getClass in equals Methods
equals
instanceof
Class
In anmethod , should I useorcomparison to determine if the passed object is the " same " type as this one ?
Josh Bloch :
The book has an item about the equals method in the ' Methods Common to all Objects ' chapter .
All the equals methods discussed in that chapter use instanceof rather than getClass .
I knew that some people use getClass , but I thought the technique was not widely used .
The essay was long and complex already , so I thought I would n't confuse the issue by discussing another technique which I thought was inferior .
But it turned out to be a mistake .
It seems that getClass - based equals methods are fairly widely used and discussed in other books .
This turns out to be perhaps the most controversial item in the book .
I got a lot of email on the subject .
The reason that I favor the instanceof approach is that when you use the getClass approach , you have the restriction that objects are only equal to other objects of the same class , the same run time type .
If you extend a class and add a couple of innocuous methods to it , then check to see whether some object of the subclass is equal to an object of the super class , even if the objects are equal in all important aspects , you will get the surprising answer that they are n't equal .
In fact , this violates a strict interpretation of the Liskov substitution principle , and can lead to very surprising behavior .
In Java , it 's particularly important because most of the collections ( HashTable , etc. ) are based on the equals method .
If you put a member of the super class in a hash table as the key and then look it up using a subclass instance , you wo n't find it , because they are not equal .
Because of these problems , I did n't even bother discussing the getClass approach .
But it turns out that because it does let you add aspects while preserving the equals contract , some people favor it .
So I just want to get the information out there that it has disadvantages too .
The biggest disadvantage is the fact that you get two objects that appear equal ( because they are equal on all the fields ) but they are not equal because they are of different classes .
This can cause surprising behavior .
I 'm going to write an essay discussing this in more detail .
When it 's done , I 'll put it up on the book 's web site .
It will compare the two approaches and discuss the pros and cons .
Bill Venners :
The reason I have used getClass in the past is because I do n't know what is going to happen in subclasses .
I can't predict that when I am writing my class .
It seemed risky to me to use instanceof .
If I used instanceof and someone passed a subclass instance to my superclass equals method , I would determine semantic equality by comparing only fields that exist in the superclass .
I 'd be ignoring any fields declared in subclasses , and it seems like they could be important to the notion of semantic equality for the subclass .
The other way to look at it I guess is that using instanceof in a superclass equals method makes it harder to write subclasses , because equals is supposed to be symmetric .
If you call the subclass 's equals method implementation , passing in an instance of the superclass , it must return the same result as if you passed the subclass instance to the superclass 's equals method .
Josh Bloch : Yes .
You are correct in saying that using getClass in equals makes it much easier to preserve the equals contract , but at what cost ?
Basically , at the cost of violating the Liskov substitution principle and the principle of least astonishment .
You write something that obeys the contract , but whose behavior can be very surprising .
Client and Subclasser Javadoc Views
Bill Venners :
One thing you said in your book that I thought was interesting is that there is no way in Javadoc to separate the responsibilities and contract for people who use the class , from the responsibilities and contract for people who make subclasses .
Josh Bloch : Agreed , and I really think it would be an improvement if that were so , because the current situation is the two are intermixed and all the stuff for subclasses merely confuses the great multitude of programmers who wo n't subclass it .
In particular , protected methods confuse novice programmers who are n't going to subclass a class , but are going to use it .
I would prefer that they simply did n't see those protected methods when they look at Javadoc output .
I think Javadoc should have views of the class .
I think there should be a subclasser view that gives the contractual responsibilities and the protected fields that are available to subclassers , and that normal users should be shielded from this .
Strong versus Weak Typing
Bill Venners :
In you book you say , " It is always beneficial to detect programming errors as quickly as possible . "
I 've met people who do n't feel that way : people from the Smalltalk community , people who like Python , and so on .
These people feel that all those compile time errors get in the way of their productivity .
They feel more productive in a weakly typed environment , where more problems must be discovered at runtime .
These people feel that their weakly - typed language of choice gives them as much robustness , but more quickly , than strongly - typed languages such as Java .
Josh Bloch : I quibble with the fact that they are getting as much robustness .
I suppose the extreme example of that is shell scripts , which are interpreted .
There is no compile time .
You can code anything you want .
And I think anyone who has used shell scripts has seen them blow up in the field .
In fact , people do n't expect them to run on all inputs .
If you take a shell script , try to do something fancy with it , and it does n't work , you say " Oh well , I guess it does n't handle that . "
And you play around with the inputs and try to find something it does handle .
There 's no doubt that you can prototype more quickly in an environment that lets you get away with murder at compile time , but I do think the resulting programs are less robust .
I think that to get the most robust programs , you want to do as much static type checking as possible .
I do understand that people coming from these environments really do find static type checking constraining .
It 's no fun to deal with compile - time errors , but there are real benefits in terms of robustness .
So , you pay your money and you take your choice .
Resources
For Joshua Bloch 's Effective Java Programming Language Guide ( Addison Wesley Professional , 2001 ; ISBN : 0201310058 ) , go to :
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0201310058/billvennersA
Portions of this interview were first published January 4 , 2002 in JavaWorld :
http://www.javaworld.com/javaworld/jw-01-2002/jw-0104-bloch.html
October 13 , 2009 – Washington D.C. – Farmers , Hemp Industry Leaders Arrested for Planting Industrial Hemp at DEA Headquarters in Act of Civil Disobedience to Protest ‘ Reefer Madness ’
At approximately 10 a.m. this morning , North Dakota farmer Wayne Hauge , Vermont farmer Will Allen , and fed up American entrepreneurs , who have dedicated their livelihoods to developing and marketing healthy , environmentally - friendly hemp products , for the first time turned to public civil disobedience with the planting of industrial hemp seed at DEA headquarters ( 700 Army Navy Dr Arlington , VA 22202 ) to protest the ban on hemp farming in the United States .
Even though the U.S. is the largest market for hemp products in the world , and industrial hemp is farmed throughout Europe , Asia and Canada , not a single American farmer has the right to grow the versatile crop which is used for food , clothing , body care , paper , building materials , auto paneling and more .
Hoping to focus the attention of the Obama Administration on halting DEA interference , North Dakota Farmer Wayne Hauge ; Founder of Cedar Circle Organic Farm in Vermont Will Allen ; Hemp Industries Association ( HIA ) President Steve Levine ; Dr. Bronner ’s Magic Soaps President David Bronner ; Vote Hemp Communications Director Adam Eidinger and Founder of Livity Outernational Hemp Clothing , Issac Nichelson were arrested while digging up the DEA ’s lawn to plant industrial hemp seed imported from Canada .
At this time , they are currently being held in Arlington County jail and are awaiting charges .
They are expected to be released later this afternoon and will be available for interviews upon release .
The six protesters planted hemp seeds with ceremonial chrome shovels engraved with :
Hemp Planting Oct. 2009 ~ DEA Headquarters ~ American Farmers Shall Grow Hemp Again
Reefer Madness Will Be Buried
Mr. Hauge is licensed by North Dakota to cultivate and process non -drug industrial hemp , just as Canadian farmers across the border have done profitably for over ten years supplying the booming U.S. market .
However , the DEA refuses to distinguish non-drug industrial hemp cultivars grown for millennia for seed and fiber and has unconstitutionally blocked all state hemp programs such as North Dakota ’s .
Mr. Hauge , along with North Dakota State Rep. David Monson , sued the DEA in the U.S. District Court of North Dakota in 2007 , and the case is currently before the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals .
“ In recent years there has been strong growth in demand for hemp in the U.S. , but the American farmer is being left out while Canadian , European and Chinese farmers fill the void created by outdated federal policy , ” said fourth - generation farmer Hauge .
“ When hemp is legalized , land grant universities across the nation will develop cultivars suitable to different growing regions to enhance yield and explore innovative uses such as cellulosic ethanol . ”
Pictures and video of the action for free and unrestricted use , along with hemp farming footage and background information are available upon request in hardcopy and online .
An HIA produced video of the action will also be posted , after 6 p.m. on 10/13 at : http://www.votehemp.com/DEAhempplanting.html
In the back drop of the spectacle at DEA headquarters , dozens of hemp business owners in town attending the HIA convention over the weekend fanned out across Capitol Hill to lobby lawmakers in support of hemp legislation introduced by Representatives Ron Paul ( R - TX ) and Barney Frank ( D - MA ) that would permit states to cultivate non-drug industrial hemp under state industrial hemp programs .
Nine states have such programs , but their implementation has been blocked by DEA bureaucratic intransigence .
This spring , however , President Obama instructed federal agencies to respect state laws in a presidential directive on federal pre-emption :
“ Executive departments and agencies should be mindful that in our federal system , the citizens of the several States have distinctive circumstances and values , and that in many instances it is appropriate for them to apply to themselves rules and principles that reflect these circumstances and values .
As Justice Brandeis explained more than 70 years ago , ‘ it is one of the happy incidents of the federal system that a single courageous state may , if its citizens choose , serve as a laboratory and try novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the country . ' ”
Source :
Vote Hemp and the HIA are dedicated to a free market for low - THC industrial hemp and to changes in current policy to allow U.S. farmers to once again grow this agricultural crop .
Dr. Bronner ’s Magic Soaps President and Vote Hemp Director David Bronner stated : “ Dr. Bronner ’s has grown into the leading natural soap brand in the U.S. since incorporating hemp oil in 1999 , due in significant part to the unsurpassed smoothness it gives our soaps .
As an American business , we want to give our money to American farmers and save on import and freight costs .
In this difficult economy , we can no longer indulge the DEA ’s self - serving hemp hysteria . ”
Source .
As President Barack Obama prepares for a Wednesday night speech to Congress in a risky bid to salvage his top domestic priority , no other issue is so highly charged .
Obama 's liberal supporters consider the proposal for a public plan to compete with private insurers do - or - die .
Republicans say it 's unacceptable .
It 's doubtful the public plan can pass the Senate .
Insurers say they could never compete against the price - setting power of government .
forced to compete
[ Meanwhile , ] Employer groups warn it would undermine the system of job - based coverage .
A public option — or government plan — has come to mean different things to different people .
Some say it could be a public trust and independent of the government : nonprofit co-ops could serve as a check on insurance companies .
In its original form , supporters envisioned a Medicare - like plan in which the government pays the bills .
But it would be financed through premiums paid by beneficiaries , not taxpayer dollars .
ECONOMIES OF SCALE .
And they 're squeezing real hard to make sure a public health insurance option never sees the light of day in America ... " Doubtful " in this context means " No Way In Hell .
" And if it does n't pass the Senate , then it 's dead in the water .
And why is there no way in hell the Senate would pass a bill that includes a public insurance option ???
That 's a no brainer .
And of course if insurers arethen they 'll be forced to cut their profits , which they 're not willing to do .
Of course , employer groups , who benefit greatly from being able to use " health insurance benefits " to keep their employees shackled to their desks do n't want to see a public insurance option that would give their employees a way out of the nightmare known as corporate America and increase their bargaining power .
Many Americans would quit their corporate job today if it were n't for the prohibitive cost of buying health insurance independently .
The fact is , insurers and employers know that the average American has neither the knowledge nor the time to examine the details of a public option and its feasibility .
Therefore , they prevent any meaningful discussion about it by throwing around words like ' socialist ' ' communist ' and ' nazi ' and warning against the astronomical cost to tax payers .
But it 's all BULLSHIT and they know it .
Americans do n't have for - profit fire departments , police departments , or a for - profit judiciary .
Why in the hell should we have for - profit health insurance ???
The truth is a government plan would work brilliantly because of a little understood phenonomon called Most people would opt for the public option because it will be more affordable than the private option since there is NO PROFIT involved .
More people means the risk of illness can be spread over a wider population , thereby decreasing premiums even further or resulting in windfall annual surpluses that would be otherwise pocketed as profits by blood sucking insurers .
Indeed , most people are healthy anyway .
therefore , the windfall savings made annually any given year by a government plan could serve as a surplus that could not only finance innovation in medicine and healthcare , but could also be used to subsidize medical education , increasing the number of doctors and availabilty of affordable health care ... holy cow - a true revolution in health care in this country .
But as usual , the greedy corporate vampires in the insurance and banking industry are trying their darnedest to keep Americans ignorant of these plain and simple truths .
They 're not interested in " free market competition " for the benefit of the people .
Insurers are determined to minimize competition to ensure that they , and only they , can continue to keep American balls in a vice ... squeezing and squeezing until they 've squeezed every drop of life out of us and our children .
It 's time Americans realized that our troops should be brought back from Iraq and Afghanistan and stationed in front of the headquarters of corporate America - banks and insurers in particular .
Wakeup America - they 're robbing us blind while we fight each other in the process .
See also Labor Chief Slams Insurance Companies as " Death Panels "
Business Blog
How would your life change if you could decide when to work or if you even wanted to pursue a career any longer ?
Making passive income or coming into a large windfall may seem like a fantasy that will never realistically take place , but if you listen to accounts of others who have succeeded , you can learn ways to help you shape your financial plan .
An Open -Minded Approach People 's circumstances vary widely , especially when it comes to what type of groundwork has already been prepared from the moment someone was born .
10 September 2020
Magical duo Penn and Teller 's Showtime series Bullshit !
will focus on the topic of video game violence this week , as long - promised , tapping self - proclaimed video game violence experts who we expect will have insightful and informed perspectives to offer .
Advertisement
While the show will tap mentally rickety individuals who say regrettable things like " Grand Theft Auto is the worst assault on children since polio , " it will also feature illustrative charts and graphs , as seen in this newest preview for Thursday 's episode of Penn & Teller 's Bullshit !
Advertisement
Armed with a handy visual aid in this snippet is Chris Cooney , who drives the point ... somewhere with his " Fire Triangle " diagram , complete with Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold imagery for maximum scariness .
Ca n't say that Bullshit !'s one of my favorite shows , as the episodes I 've seen have n't left me feeling that much more informed , but this episode should be interesting .
Check your local listings and all that .
Click to view
Bullshit ! [ Showtime via GameStooge ]
Actress Fran Drescher , a cancer survivor , really lets Sean Hannity have it over the state of this country 's health care system .
" We have to stop thinking that Big Business is going to do right by us , " she says after Hannity recites a long list of government enterprises he says are bankrupt .
" Oh , you poor brainwashed man , you , " she says after he gives another speech on the superior workings of the free market .
I wish this woman would run for office .
Most applications , either for mobile and tablet or beyond , rely on input from the user at least once .
Actually , most of them rely on input from the user most of the time .
These users can only give us input via forms , and although they have been around for some time now , the majority of designers are still not able to design them properly .
The UX Designer Toolbox Unlimited Downloads : 500,000 + Wireframe & UX Templates , UI Kits & Design Assets
Starting at only $ 16.50 per month !
DOWNLOAD NOW
Ask Only For What You Need
If there ’s a thing you can do right away that is more important than anything else , this is it .
I rarely fill in a form and think “ this is spot on ” ; too rarely for a world in which UX designers pretend to be on top of their shit .
The shorter your forms are , the lower the drop - off rate .
I know we ’re not here to discuss conversion rates and how to improve them , but put your expectations aside for a while .
This is important to know .
Endless studies show that the more information you ask from your users , the less likely they are to give it to you .
This is why Facebook , Twitter and G+ created APIs that allow people to log in on different websites through their service .
It is called a social login .
I ’m sure you ’ve seen the “ Log in with Facebook ” button more than once .
Different sources mention that conversion rates improve with between 20 to 60 percent when signing up can be done a single click .
Do n’t get me wrong .
I am not implying this is what you should do .
Actually , MailChimp advises against it , but the point is still the same : a single click on the sign - up button can be up to 60 % more effective than filling in lots of details about yourself .
It is similar to the 1 - Click purchase on Amazon , which is clearly worth billions .
Back to the point .
The less information you ask for , the higher your chances will be that users will sign up .
What ’s the most frustrating is that most of the time you do n’t even need that much information .
Are you selling a digital product ?
Do n’t ask for my physical address ; you do n’t need it .
Are you selling a pair of shoes ?
E-mail for order confirmation , address for shipping , and credit card information for payment – that ’s it .
You do n’t need anything else .
It ’s frustrating to see how many e-commerce experts just do n’t get it .
If you rather risk losing me for some extra piece of information ( which you might use later to upsell me ) , you should drop off this design career of yours .
Once you lost me as a potential client , not only am I not coming back , but I will buy from your competition , which in the end will harm you .
Do n’t drive me away by asking for more information than you need .
In case you would like to have more information about me , but you do n’t really need it to sell me something , ask for it after I ’ve signed up or ordered a product .
When you already have my money in the bank , you can ask me for whatever you want .
I may not want to give you any further information ( some will , though ) , but at least you did n’t lose a sale .
This is a step that you can go and do right away .
This should be the starting point for improving your forms : ask only for what you need .
Stick to a Single - Column Layout
If you want to keep your customers off confusion , make sure you stick to a single - column , vertically aligned input fields .
This way the users will not be confused about which field is to be completed next .
If you have a two - column form , they could either complete it by column or by row .
Which is the right way ?
Nobody knows .
If you only have an input field per row , there is no confusion .
The speed of the process will be higher and the confusion , hence the frustration of the user , will be lower .
This also reduces eye movement because users do n’t need to do any jumping and only need to look one way : down .
Fine - tune Your Labels in Contact Forms
Labels are also a crucial factor .
Without them we would not be able to understand what needs to be filled in and this would clearly render our forms useless .
There are several ways of showing the labels , but there are also some guidelines you need to stick to .
First , always keep your labels outside of the input fields .
This is an issue when labels are inside the user fields and disappear whenever the user clicks on a field .
Users should always be able to see what needs to be filled in .
The fact that the label disappears whenever the field is active does not make it easy for users .
If you do n’t have a lot of vertical space , keep the labels to the left of the input fields .
Otherwise , you can always have them on top of each field .
When you have the labels on the left , always align them to the left .
This makes it easier for the human eye to quickly scan the form .
If you are designing for the Western world , keep this in mind .
We read from left to right , so it is clear that we prefer hard edges along the left .
Separate related content
Although your form is long , you can make it look better by using colors and other visual elements .
This is what the principle of proximity refers to .
Several elements that are placed close to each other indicate to the human eye that those elements are somewhat related .
This makes sense for forms that are longer than your usual 3 - fields sign - up process .
If you structure your forms in this way , it will make them look organized and clean .
Whenever you have a group of input fields that can be grouped together , make use of a thin horizontal line to unite related data .
You can also use a light background color to create the same effect .
Indicate primary & secondary actions
In forms you always have a primary action , the one you want the user to take , and a secondary one , which can be a “ cancel ” or a “ back ” button .
That ’s the one you do n’t want your users to click on unless they really have to , but it still needs to be there .
You ca n’t give both buttons the same weight and importance .
The solution is to design the two buttons in a different way so that the visual impact of the secondary action is minimized .
The “ Cancel ” button should not be given equal status to the primary action because it is not as important .
This also guides the user towards what you consider the successful action .
Optimize Your Contact Forms For Mobile
Although there are countless web forms on the web and lots of UX designers out there , there is a frighteningly high amount of forms that are not optimized for mobile .
This is a biggie in a world where mobile takes over .
Optimizing forms for mobile means reducing the effort the user has to put in .
Even a change as small as indicating the type of keyboard you want to pop up for each field can make a huge difference .
What ’s frustrating about this is that optimizing for mobile only takes a few lines of code in some cases , but developers do n’t always do it .
Indicating the type of keyboard that matches each field is a good starting point .
If you have to fill in credit card digits , do n’t make the standard keyboard appear , but the digital touchpad .
You might think “ Yes , this is common sense , why do it differently ? ” , but most designers tend to ignore this detail for whatever reason .
During check - out processes , it ’s important to note that I , as a user , have the credit card in my hand .
I am on the brink of handing you my details and giving you access to my money .
This is a place where your system can’t give me the slightest sign of weakness because the probability of me dropping off is huge .
When the user has a credit card in his hand and is willing to pay , the experience has to be flawless .
This is what differentiates the big fishes from the small ones .
Many times , system automation is the solution to user frustration .
You can quickly develop some “ hacks ” that will make my experience ten times easier .
Luke Wroblewski from Google explains in the video below how easy it is to reduce my effort as a user .
Take a look .
#
Reduce Errors In Your Contact Forms
There is a lot you as a designer can do not only to reduce errors , but also to handle them and guide the user through when they happen .
There is a number of interaction design patterns that can be taken advantage of for better error handling .
Validation is a key word for reducing errors .
If you validate inline , you do n’t give users many chances of being wrong .
A good validation will automatically indicate to the user that he only wrote 15 digits instead of the 16 a credit card has , that the email address ends in “ .xom ” instead of “ .com ” and that not all the required fields have been completed .
The system will therefore not allow the user to click on “ next ” or “ submit ” unless he rights the errors .
The advantage of using inline validation is that feedback is instant .
The user will immediately know something is not right and will fix it .
If you first return the form with errors after it is submitted , you risk frustrating the users .
Inline Contact Form Validation – How ?
Inline validation has its own guidelines .
You always need to be good at handling errors and giving users spot on feedback , but it is even more crucial when you validate forms instantly .
Letting the user know something is wrong can be a tricky one , but nothing good code ca n’t solve .
Showing “ error ” as a message and highlighting the field with red is not enough anymore .
Error can mean anything nowadays .
Is the formatting wrong ?
The email ?
The length of the password ?
Did I forget to fill in a required field ?
Let me know what the error is if you want to reduce my effort .
As Steve Krug said in his book , do n’t make me think
Let me know what the specific error is and I will be able to fix it without any effort .
If you make it easy for the user , the user will be more willing to go past the mistake and still give you his information , whatever information that is .
Forms with real time feedback score better at completion rates and customer satisfaction and decrease errors with up to 22 % – Luke Wroblewski
Input masks are also something that you might want to make use of .
They are most of the time used successfully on portable devices , but this is not an excuse for not taking the same approach to desktop forms too .
Input masks do n’t only prevent errors , but indicate what the correct format for an answer looks like .
You can quickly indicate what the valid formatting looks like via input mask and you can keep the formatting consistent by letting users know they are formatting the input right .
Input masks also help to collect only the information needed .
If an input mask is correctly added on a field where the user has to type his credit card information , the mask will force the system not to collect any other input than digits .
This means that if you , by mistake , tap on “ space ” or “ slash ” , the field will simply ignore it .
Reformatting the input from the user is also something you could do with a few lines of code .
This means that regardless of how the user fills in his credit card information ( with spaces or not ) , the system will ( re ) format it the right way .
This is the right way to implement inline validation and , trust me , sticking with it will only improve the experience you offer via your mobile website or apps .
As mentioned earlier however , do n’t only do this on mobile .
Inline validation is something you can make use of on all devices regardless of their screen size .
If you choose not to validate inline , that ’s fair enough .
Keep one thing in mind , though : when on the error page , always prefill the fields that I ’ve filled in correctly .
Just because the email address was wrong you ca n’t make me write everything all over again .
That ’s just laziness on your side .
Helping Hints
If you want to further ensure that users have minimal chance for mistakes , use helping hints either to the right of the field as a secondary label or in the field as a placeholder .
This is okay to use as a placeholder because it is not critical ( as the label is ) , so it can disappear when the field is active without it feeling uncomfortable .
This way you can guide the users to filling in the correct information .
This will not only decrease the number of errors , but will also increase the completion speed by a reasonable margin .
These helping hints can be shown in different ways , including as tooltips .
This is also a good way of doing it , especially if you have limited horizontal space at your disposal .
Drop CAPTCHA
I know this might sound weird .
Why would you drop a feature that should decrease spam ?
Because it ’s annoying .
I will not delve too much into it , but there are few things on the web I hate more than captchas .
There are forms in which it makes sense , but not all the time .
As long as users have to fill in credit card information , you do n’t need captcha .
If there ’s a credit card involved , it ’s not likely that robots are involved .
Wrap Up
Contact forms are one of the web elements that can constantly be improved .
When discussing contact forms , all bets are off .
It depends so much on the audience and every set of forms you design has to match your audience and their needs .
But in every single case there are a few tips and tricks you can implement in order to offer a better experience .
As a starting point , you should always optimize according to these tips .
TEL AVIV - THE day before Iran 's ninth presidential elections last June , President Bush sent a discouraging message to potential voters .
Iran 's electoral process " ignores the basic requirements of democracy , " Mr. Bush declared , and these elections would be " sadly consistent " with the country 's " oppressive record . "
For Iranians , there was no mistaking the American president 's point : he was tacitly sanctioning the call that some Iranian exiles and activists had issued for an election boycott , based on exactly this logic .
An American administration that had called on other Middle Eastern populaces to vote in flawed elections greeted the Iranian electoral process with nothing but open disdain .
It is worth revisiting this odd judgment call at a time when Hamas 's victory in the Palestinian elections has raised even more questions about Washington 's confused strategy of democracy promotion .
In Iran last June , the call for a boycott resonated with frustrated and apathetic voters .
Many , if not most , moderates and reform advocates stayed home from the polls .
And we all know what followed : the philosophy - loving moderate , Mohammad Khatami , was replaced as president by a radical militant , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- a former military commander who presides over one of the most extreme governments post - revolutionary Iran has yet had .
That 's right : with what appeared to be the endorsement of President Bush and dozens of American - backed satellite television channels that broadcast in Farsi , the disillusioned young people of Iran effectively took one of the world 's most closely watched nuclear programs out of the hands of a reformer and placed it into the hands of a hard - line reactionary .
