The NFL may be the No Fun League when it comes to tweeting before , during , and after games , but the Texas Tech college football program just took Twitter restrictions up a notch .
Following a few suspect tweets by team members , Coach Mike Leach has announced that Texas Tech players are now banned from Twitter altogether .
SportingNews also reports that one of the offending Twitterers , offensive lineman Brandon Carter , was " suspended indefinitely for violating team rules and his Twitter page was nowhere to be found . "
The tweets that reportedly prompted the drastic move are n't necessarily tweets that reflect poor social media judgment , but they do highlight discord and disappointment within team ranks , and do n't portray Leach or team morale in a positive light .
Under his former Twitter name , @kos39 , Marlon Williams tweeted , " Wondering why I 'm still in this meeting room when the head coach can't even be on time to his on meeting . "
Meanwhile , after a team loss , Brandon Carter , who was @BCSLAM on Twitter , openly expressed his malcontent saying , " This is not how I saw our season .
I just cried like am idiot .
I want us to be so good .
my last year and I feel like I 'm letting everyone down . "
While we understand the move made by Coach Leach and his desire to protect the team 's interests , we do think it to be a rather drastic decision .
Just as the SEC let commonsense prevail after initially banning social media from college stadiums , we hope to see Texas Tech revise their ban in favor of more reasonable social media policies .
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , thumb .
Major retailers reported that American consumers are continuing to hunker down , casting a cloud over the durability of the U.S. recovery and underscoring the importance of overseas demand in restoring the world economy to health .
Retailers across the spectrum provided foreboding reports .
Discounter Target Corp. reported that sales at stores open at least a year were down 6.2 % from a year earlier in the quarter ended Aug. 1 , while luxury purveyor Saks Inc. reported a 15.5 % drop in same - store sales over the past quarter as shoppers stuck to buying basics .
Building - supply chain Home Depot Inc. saw total sales drop 9.1 % in the quarter ending Aug. 2 , and it reaffirmed expectations of a 9 % sales drop this year .
Retail executives said they do n't expect conditions to improve until next spring .
Some stores are girding for slow back - to - school and Christmas seasons by cutting inventories .
Home Depot Chief Executive Frank
Blake told investors Tuesday that he did n't expect a year - over - year increase in same - store sales until the second half of 2010 .
" We remain concerned by the high level of foreclosure activity , which we believe continues to put pressure on the housing markets , " he said .
The cuts in inventories , as well as reined - in expenses , are helping some retailers bolster profit margins .
Hoping to avoid the massive markdowns of last year , retailer Neiman Marcus said it has cut its purchases 25 % .
Such steps played well with investors Tuesday : Target shares jumped 7.6 % and Saks rose 6.9 % after each reported a smaller profit decline than expected .
Target shares are up 28 % this year and Saks is up 30.6 % .
-- Deborah L. Cohen covers small business for Reuters.com .
She can be reached at smallbusinessbigissues@yahoo.com --
CHICAGO ( Reuters.com ) -
The deeper the recession , the more consumers stay home , hunkered down in domestic cocoons .
And accordingly , their desire for convenient meals that simulate an away - from - home dining experience on the cheap is picking up .
High - end restaurants , hurt by a fall - off in sit - down patrons , are responding to the call for increased take out and delivery ; supermarkets , meanwhile , are offering more sophisticated ready - to - eat meals at reasonable prices .
To remain competitive , these businesses are looking for makers of specialized packaging to step up their game .
Clumsy Styrofoam clamshells - increasingly legislated against in many communities - do n’t really do the trick for filet mignon brought home from the fancy steakhouse .
And grocery store customers want attractive containers that showcase the freshness of pre-made entrées at the deli counter while also holding up for reheating at home .
“ Home meal replacement packaging - it ’s required to do a bit more , ” says John Burke , president of the Foodservice Packaging Institute , which represents makers of single - use packaging for restaurants and supermarkets .
“ It ’s got to have better seals , it might have to have venting .
The packaging typically has to be microwavable or ovenable . ”
Last year U.S. foodservice packagers had estimated overall sales of $ 12 to $ 15 billion , says Burke , believed to have been roughly flat from the year earlier .
A survey released in March by FPI showed that packagers were “ cautiously optimistic ” about 2009 .
Burke says the size of the home meal replacement market is difficult to pinpoint , but it currently represents only a fraction of the overall industry .
“ It ’s been a consistent area of growth over the past five years , ” he says .
In addition to recession - fueled at - homing dining , sales of fancy containers are getting a lift from aging baby boomers weary of cooking their own meals , as well as the younger , so - called “ millennial ” crowd obsessed with convenience .
“ We have definitely , from our customers , experienced growing interest in providing solutions for this particular market segment , ” says Emily Ewing , marketing manager for Kalamazoo , Michigan - based Fabri - Kal , the nation ’s sixth - largest maker of thermo - form plastic containers and one of a multitude privately held companies in the industry .
Fabri -Kal , whose products include portion cups for salsas , dressings and other sides included in freshly prepared meals to go , does not disclose yearly sales figures .
“ It is absolutely a growing segment , ” Ewing says .
Recession or not , the industry known primarily for disposable cups , plates and utensils will likely remain tuned in to the trend for more single - serve solutions that can go the distance , and increasingly , do so in a sustainable manner .
“ People are putting a lot more thought into how they package things .
It used to be a very commodity driven industry , ” says Richard Feldman , founder of Los Angeles - based - G4 Packaging , an upstart producer of eco-friendly containers made primarily from sugar cane pulp .
“ It ’s basically a show and tell venue - how pretty it looks , that ’s very important . ”
Feldman , a packaging industry veteran who worked to bring sustainable products to customers such as Whole Foods , says his latest venture - founded last January - has annual sales tracking at roughly $ 3 million and is showing strong growth , with end users that include the value - oriented but trendy Trader Joe ’s chain .
“ Our biggest issues are sourcing and making sure we have capacity to fill demand from customers , ” he says .
Food suppliers that cater to the prepared food segment have high expectations for their packaging .
Frankly Fresh , a large Carson , California - based producer of fresh and frozen foods , is banking on the reliability of sophisticated packaging to help launch a line of 32 freshly prepared entrees available in grocery stores .
Jambalaya , lasagna and other choices are designed to last 14 to 21 days with no preservatives , says company founder Robert Atallah , whose new meals are now being tested in three chains .
“ We had lots of failures , a rough time figuring it out , ” he says , noting the difficulties in maintaining proper temperatures for the meals .
Jeffrey Wolff , president of St. Louis - based Anchor Packaging , a large privately held food service packager , says the trend is likely to hold up .
“ The prepared food side has been experiencing very good growth for us as well as the takeout .
People have wanted to ensure that their customer has a package consistent with the quality of the food , ” says Wolff .
“ It ’s a constant challenge to innovate , to create new looks , new products that attract consumer interest and at the same time appeal to those price points that are desired . ”
The Apple logo is one of the most famous logos in the world .
Apple fans not only put this logo on their vehicles to show their loyalty , they go to the extreme of tattooing themselves with it , a level of dedication very few brands achieved .
The logo is admired for its simplicity and many meanings that people attach to it .
It ’s timeless .
For 30 years it has been unchanged and I expect at least another 30 before anything drastic will be done to it .
When Jean Louis Gassée ( executive at Apple Computer from 1981 to 1990 ) was asked about his thoughts about the Apple logo he answered :
One of the deep mysteries to me is our logo , the symbol of lust and knowledge , bitten into , all crossed with the colors of the rainbow in the wrong order .
You could n’t dream of a more appropriate logo : lust , knowledge , hope , and anarchy .
There are many theories about this logo and many of them are just that .
Find out the truth , read the interview with Rob Janoff , the designer of the original Apple logo , who will tell you all about his design .
CB : When did you design the original Apple logo with the colorful stripes ?
RJ : Early 1977 .
The agency got the account ( Apple ) sometime January .
The logo was introduced with the new product Apple II in April of that year .
CB : Were you working for an agency at the time ?
RJ : Yes , I was working for an advertising and public relations agency called Regis McKenna and I was an art director .
CB : Have you met Steve Jobs ?
RJ : Sure .
The first time must have been that first year .
It was before he got his company started .
So it was just Steve Jobs , Steve Wozniak and Mike Markkula .
His was the elder guy who corralled these young entrepreneurs .
And I think it ’s because of Mike Markkula is how the account wound up at our agency .
He was friends with my boss Regis McKenna .
CB : Did you get a brief from them ?
RJ : Really there was no brief .
But the really funny thing was the only direction we got from Steve Jobs is : “ do n’t make it cute ” .
There were briefs on subsequent jobs .
First there was the logo , then there was an introductory ad and a sales brochure for the upcoming introduction .
But it was pretty loose at that time .
There was a logo previous to my logo .
It was a logo done by Ron Wayne who was a very brief partner of the two Steves early on .
He later took a buy - out , because he was a little concerned about the financial obligations he might have .
He had a young family and the other guys did n’t .
Ron did a pen and ink drawing of Sir Isaac Newton sitting under an Apple tree with a poem all around the border .
And , I think when Steve Jobs started to get serious about the Apple II and getting a prototype for the design of the shell he realized that logo would not do .
So he needed a new logo .
The original Apple II
Rob Janoff in 1977 Rob Janoff in 1977
CB : How many versions did you do for the presentation ?
RJ : We presented two versions of the logo .
One with and one without the bite .
Just in case he thought the bite was too cute .
Fortunately he went with the one that gave it the most personality with the bite .
Frankly it was a no brainer and you would miss the mark if you do n’t show some kind of an apple .
When I presented I showed him several variations .
Striped version , solid color version , metallic version .
All those with the same shape .
CB : So even then you knew you needed a solid color version and a metallic version ?
RJ : Yes , you kind of had to .
When you ’re doing printing of either one or two color you need to have some way to go and I realized that the stripes would not always get it .
The stripes really did n’t work as a greyscale halftone .
CB : Do the colors represent the hippy culture , which was in fashion at the time ?
RJ : Partially it was a really big influence .
Both Steve and I came from that place , but the real solid reason for the stripes was that the Apple II was the first home or personal computer that could reproduce images on the monitor in color .
So it represents color bars on the screen .
Also , it was an attempt to make the logo very accessible to everyone , especially to young people so that Steve could get them into schools .
CB : At the time most logos were single color or 2 color logos .
Anybody fight against the color stripes ?
RJ : Steve liked the idea , because he liked things that were outside the box .
And , it ’s not so revolutionary now , but it was a little different then .
However I did get a lot of opposition from one of the higher account executives at agency .
He was sort of working against me in the meeting where I presented the work to Steve .
He made a comment that if this new company went ahead and produced stationery in all these colors they will go bankrupt before they start the business .
That was kind of the attitude that I was facing from the agency .
But Steve liked it right off .
He ’s a pretty perceptive guy as we later learned and he liked the uniqueness of it as well .
Also , I should add that the idea of a computer going into people ’s homes was a little bit threatening because up to then computers were for big businesses , who were highly technical and sensitive and all that stuff .
Most of the personal computer products that were coming out at the time had very techno names .
TRS - 80 and things like that , so that ’s why the name Apple was so golden because it was basic and not technical and to go with that the colors were very important .
Adam and Eve by Reubens Adam and Eve by Reubens
CB : What does the bite in the apple represent ?
Is it a reference to a computing term byte ?
Is it a reference to the biblical event when Eve bit into the forbidden fruit ?
Is the fruit itself referencing the discovery of gravity by Newton when an apple fell on his head while sitting under the tree ?
RJ : They are really interesting , but I ’m afraid it did n’t have a thing to do with it .
From a designer ’s point of view and you probably experienced this , one of the big phenomena is having the experience of designing a logo for whatever reasons you design it , and years later you find out supposedly why you did certain things .
And , they are all BS .
It ’s a wonderful urban legend .
Somebody starts it and then people go “ oh yeah , that must be it ” .
Alan Turing Alan Turing
CB : Is it possible you were influenced subconsciously by these stories ?
RJ : Well , I ’m probably the least religious person , so Adam and Eve did n’t have anything to do with it .
The bite of knowledge sounds fabulous , but that ’s not it .
And there is a whole lot of other lore about it .
Turing the famous supposed father of computer science who committed suicide in the early 50’s was british and was accused of being homosexual , which he was .
He was facing a jail sentence so he committed suicide to avoid all that .
So , I heard one of the legends being that the colored logo was an homage to him .
People think I did the colored stripes because of the gay flag .
And , that was something really thought for a long time .
The other really cool part was that apparently he killed himself with a cyanide laced apple .
And , then I found out Alan Turing ’s favorite childhood story was Snow White where she falls asleep forever afrer eating a poisoned apple to be woken up by the handsome prince .
Anyway , when I explain the real reason why I did the bite it ’s kind of a let down .
But I ’ll tell you .
I designed it with a bite for scale , so people get that it was an apple not a cherry .
Also it was kind of iconic about taking a bite out of an apple .
Something that everyone can experience .
It goes across cultures .
If anybody ever had an apple he has probably bitten into it and that ’s what you get .
It was after I designed it that my creative director told me : “ Well you know , there is a computer term called byte ” .
And I was like : “ You ’re kidding ! ” So , it was like perfect , but it was coincidental that it was also a computer term .
At the time I had to be told everything about basic computer terms .
CB : You obviously did n’t design the logo on computer .
RJ : Actually , and it ’s a revelation to a lot of young designers .
I get emails about the logo all the time asking me questions about the logo from all over the world and it ’s really kinda very satisfying because it ’s not something every designer gets a chance to talk to everybody because of some work you did .
And , people ask me : did you design it on a computer ?
And of course at the time computers could n’t really do that for me .
It was only years later till the Mac was designed , developed and refined that I even started working on a computer .
At the time it was all pencil and paper , glue and cut paper , pens and all that stuff .
PowerBook in Sex and the City
CB : How does it feel to see your logo everywhere ?
RJ : It ’s a real unique experience that still makes my day whenever I see it unexpectedly .
You ’re watching a movie or tv and usually when they have a cool character they ’ll have a laptop with an Apple logo on it , like Meryl Streep in The Devil Wears Prada .
I ’ve done a lot of traveling and early on when the logo still had multicolored stripes on it I was in China and there it was on a billboard somewhere .
It was Chinese script that I could n’t read , but something that came out of my head was up there for all to see and to interpret .
It ’s kind of a personal thing .
It ’s kinda like having a kid .
You ’re very proud of it .
CB : Do you like the changes Apple made to your original design over the years ?
RJ : I do like them .
The stripes served their purpose and they are definitely dated .
I think it ’s very important that a company like Apple keep very up - to - date and Steve Jobs is obviously very conscious of that and he has fabulous designers working for him in industrial design and graphic design .
I feel great that it ’s still the same basic silhouette even though it went through lots and lots of changes .
The apple shape changed slightly from my original design in the early 80’s .
The design firm Landor & Associates made the changes .
They brightened the colors , they made the shapes much more symmetrical , much more geometric .
When I designed it I pretty much did it freehand .
I often think to myself , why did n’t I do that ?
It ’s because it was n’t where I was coming from at the time .
I think they did a great job and it will be fascinating to see the next iteration and how it works out .
It ’s kind of a problem when you do something that is so well known , so early on in your career .
It ’s all downhill from then .
CB : What other projects are you proud of ?
RJ : People assume that I continued in a pure design mode and did lots more logos .
I did some logos , but my career path is more about advertising , which meant print and TV advertising .
As far as image or logo type of thing there is really nothing that tops or comes close to the Apple logo .
It ’s kind of a problem when you do something that is so well known , so early on in your career .
It ’s all downhill from then .
I was proud of all the things I was involved in .
How to do a television commercial , which really does take awhile to understand .
Those were the things that kept my interest .
In advertising you work with words and images together , you work with more people .
There is more a chance to come up with imagery that has double meanings , has to do with colloquialisms and all that .
That ’s a long way of saying , there is nothing else that I ’m as proud of and things were very different from then on .
CB : Do you use Macs today ?
Do you still work ?
RJ : I ’d really like to retire , but in this economy I really can’t .
I do work on a Mac , it ’s all I ever worked on .
I would not know what to do with a left click and a right click .
Been brand loyal all the way , even though the products cost a little bit more .
I would n’t think of using anything else .
Plus , for graphics and design Apple has it all over Microsoft .
CB : Can you tell me a favorite logo of yours that is not designed by you ?
RJ : There is a lot .
I really do like other classic designs .
Volkswagen because it ’s very clear what it is and it ’s been around for so long .
I ’m trying to think of other logos that incorporated the multicolor and I thought of the NBC logo .
I like logos with a relationship with positive and negative spaces , where something is revealed .
CB : Like the FedEx logo ?
RJ : Yes , that ’s another one that I enjoy so much .
It ’s very simple and if you study it you get the dynamic element of it with that arrow .
Those are the kinds of logos I respond to .
CB : Can you give me the most important things to watch out for when designing a logo ?
RJ : The main thing is to make it simple , because designers especially young designers tend to over - design or clients want too many things in there .
I think people who tried to work a logo too hard , having too much meaning , wind up with something that ’s too complex .
Logos usually have to be interpreted from very - very small to very - very large and that ’s not always easy .
So , I think simplicity and readability is key .
You ’re designing for an audience that really does n’t care as much as you do and unless it catches their interest right away they are going to pass right over it .
So having it very readable is also important .
Capturing the audience ’s imagination by having something revealed to them as they look at the logo is also important .
Also , it ’s an opportunity to give whatever you ’re trying to portray a personality — this is something I try to do .
CB : A huge percentage of designers never receive formal education .
Still some of them are doing great work .
Do you think formal education is necessary ?
RJ : Well , I do n’t think it ’s necessary , because I think I ’ve learned most of the knowledge about graphics after I started working , not in school .
I do think though that someone who is a successful designer has an innate ability to see in a certain way .
I know that I do .
I tend to be a very visual person as opposed to verbal and I think that ’s a real important quality .
Unfortunately now everyone has all of the tools at their disposal regardless whether they have any talent for designing .
Everyone thinks he ’s a designer by pulling down a filter in Photoshop .
So , I think no , you do n’t need all that much formal education and things can be learned obviously when working at it .
Rob Janoff in 2009 Rob Janoff in 2009
CB : Final question , what is your suggestion to our younger readers , what should they focus on to become great designers ?
RJ : This is something I tell my kids : I could do this even if I ’m not getting paid for it , because I like it so much , because now more than ever before there are so many people trying to become designers and work for agencies just because the tools are available .
So , it ’s harder and harder to get work .
And , the way some people have to get work is by apprenticing and working for nothing for somebody until they get that job , because there is so much competition .
CB : Thank you so much for the interview !
Junge Amerikaner " Deutschland ist so unsittlich "
Getümmel an der Uni , barbusige Frauen im Fernsehen und sonderbare Benimmregeln : Deutschland kann ganz schön shocking sein , finden junge Amerikaner .
Vier Jugendliche im Austausch erzählen , welche Überraschungen sie mit den Deutschen erleben .
Cybersecurity researcher Charlie Miller and his fellow researcher Collin Mulliner plan to present research on a huge iPhone security hole Thursday at the Black Hat cybersecurity conference in Las Vegas .
Not an iPhone virus , but rather an SMS hack , the issue can allow a hacker complete control over an iPhone .
According to the researchers , they will demonstrate how to send a series of mostly invisible SMS " bursts " that can give a hacker complete control of the iPhone .
That control will include dialing the phone , visiting Web sites , turning on the device 's camera and microphone , and more .
The hacker will also be able to send more text messages to facilitate spreading the iPhone SMS hack to other iPhones .
To an end user , the evidence that someone is trying to use the iPhone 's SMS hack on your device will be a text message on your iPhone containing only a single square character .
The only way to avoid being hacked would be to quickly turn off the device .
In terms of the amount of control , this hack sounds , quite honestly , very similar to how certain Trojans can turn a PC into a bot , and similarly control it remotely .
Charlie Miller told Forbes :
" This is serious .
The only thing you can do to prevent it is turn off your phone .
Someone could pretty quickly take over every iPhone in the world with this . "
That 's a bit of hyperbole , as first a hacker would have to know the appropriate phone numbers to use to hack an iPhone ( and there are plenty of phone numbers assigned to other devices ) .
It is obviously very serious , and despite the researchers sharing their results with Apple over a month ago , there has been no movement on a fix as of yet .
Interestingly , the researchers also found a similar " remote control " texting bug in Windows Mobile , and other bugs in Android and the iPhone that can let hackers boot the phones off the network .
The Android bug has been closed , but the second iPhone bug has not .
Miller and Mulliner also found a hole in the iPhone 's Safari browser way back in 2007 when it was first launched .
It spent the past 30 years adopting the rules of capitalism .
It transformed sleepy fishing villages into pulsating manufacturing metropolises .
It opened its borders to multinational corporations .
It became the world 's factory .
As a result , it built up nearly $ 2 trillion in foreign currency reserves , mostly in U.S. dollars .
After all that , we are threatening to wipe out the value of those reserves by inflating away the value of the dollar .
China is not happy .
Do n't raise your voice at me
If you had an investment portfolio over the past four or five years , maybe you can empathize with China .
Watching the value of your savings evaporate is not a pleasant experience .
Especially when you thought you were doing everything right .
So you might excuse Luo Ping , director - general of China Banking Regulatory Commission , for his outburst in February when he admitted , " We hate you guys … we know the dollar is going to depreciate , so we hate you guys , but there is nothing much we can do . "
You brought this on yourself
Now , to be honest , China is n't really an innocent victim in this story .
The phenomenal economic growth the country has seen over the past three decades was driven by astounding export growth , powered by cheap labor and , importantly , an artificially cheap currency .
By selling mountains of cheap goods to companies like Wal - Mart ( NYSE : WMT ) and Best Buy ( NYSE : BBY ) , China accepted dollars by the truckload .
Normally this would cause a domestic currency to appreciate as the manufacturers converted their dollars into yuan to pay workers and suppliers ( and buy new cars and office furniture ) .
But if the yuan were to appreciate , China 's exports would become less attractive , and the spectacular growth would stall .
So China 's government took steps , such as printing more money and instituting currency restrictions , to keep the yuan weak in relation to the dollar ( and euro ) .
So if the U.S. cranks up the printing press , devaluing the dollar , it not only reduces the value of China ’s reserves , but it means China has to increase its efforts to keep its exports cheap -- hence China ’s irritation .
Not completely helpless
Despite Luo Ping 's apparent despair , there are some things China can do -- and has been doing -- to lighten its exposure to the potential weakening of the dollar .
The government has been transforming dollars into hard assets by buying up now - cheap commodities like iron ore , copper , molybdenum , and oil to prepare for further expansion once the economy kicks up again .
Chinese companies have been in on the act , as well , some more successfully than others .
The recent failure of Aluminum Corp. of China ( NYSE : ACH ) to acquire an 18 % stake in minerals giant Rio Tinto ( NYSE : RTP ) is countered by China Minmetals ' acquisition of the majority of OZ Minerals ' assets .
China 's major cash - rich state - owned oil companies , PetroChina ( NYSE : PTR ) , Sinopec ( NYSE : SNP ) , and CNOOC ( NYSE : CEO ) , have been taking advantage of the drop in oil prices to acquire oil and natural gas assets around the world .
Looking inward for the way forward
While these acquisitions help position China for future growth , they can only use up so much of that $ 2 trillion .
The long - term answer to China 's problem is to wean itself off exports and its dependence upon foreign consumers , which requires the growth of domestic demand .
China is home to 1.3 billion consumers -- the largest single pool in the world .
However , domestic consumption makes up less than 40 % of China 's GDP , compared to nearly 70 % for the United States .
If China wants to draw down its dramatic exposure to the dollar , the proportion of the economy derived from domestic spending will have to rise .
As the government increases domestic consumption , the companies that will benefit most will be those targeting Chinese consumers .
But often , these companies are small and fly under the radar of most investors , or are viewed with skepticism because of concerns about Chinese regulations and reporting standards .
Fortunately , the Motley Fool Global Gains team is heading to China to investigate several of these companies and get firsthand knowledge of their markets , operations , and management teams .
If you 'd like to follow along on their journey and receive dispatches from China detailing their research and experiences , just enter your email address in the box below .
Non-military Use Only
Non-Military Use Only
non-military use only
All the software I write is marked , for non-military use only .
This would include any use by the military , not just battle .
It also includes work by contractors for the military such as interrogation or torture or even managing a payroll .
This obviously includes the Afghanistan or Iraq wars which are both illegal wars of aggression .
The way I look at it , the military has become bloated out of all plausible motive for defense .
It is a parasite on the planet .
I do n’t in any way want to contribute to it .
The way I look at it , if a nuclear war kills all six billion of us , the 1,000,000 people who had any hand in it , however , indirect , each killed 6,000 people , dwarfing Timothy McVeigh ’s crime .
I want absolutely no part of such criminality .
People often get very angry about this restriction .
I find it odd that they have no quarrel with software that restricts its use to non-commercial purposes .
I find that baffling .
Why would you want to discourage commerce and encourage killing ?
The angriest I have ever been in my life was when a military contractor , Rockwell , refused to stop using my RESTORE software to distribute theirs .
Their representative asked for special exemption .
I said " No He said , Fuck you !
we are going to use it anyway ..
Some years later , Rockwell apologised and said they would not use it .
People are welcome to include any of my code in their programs .
But , of course , that requires that new code bear the same restriction .
A Zen master presented his student with a valuable box , with the stipulation that it must always face east .
The student took the box and placed it in his room .
However , to place the box east , he had to place the table against the wall on the opposite side of the room .
This meant he had to move the bed .
This made getting in and out of the room awkward , so he had to move the doorway in the wall .
This caused a structural weakness in the house which required …
You may incorporate my code into your own products so long as those products are not primarily for military use .
If you used my code in your drafting program for example and the military used it , you would be ok .
If you used it in a drafting program for nuclear submarines , then you would not .
You are not required to enforce the non-military use - only clause , just leave it visible in the programs distributed .
The onus is on the military , not you .
If you distribute source , just leave the non-military clause in my software .
If you do n’t , just insert the phrase for non-military use only in your program documentation or licence agreement .
You are not required to make the user sign off on the restriction , though that might be wise to avoid having them come back at you later .
I do n’t require you to determine the military status of all your customers , though if you knowingly sold to the military , you would be breaking the spirit of the agreement .
I strongly do n’t want my code used for military purposes , and I do n’t want to inconvenience you .
I want you to be able to use my code as freely as possible for non-military purposes .
I am not about to pounce on you for some minor misinterpretation of this request .
I am providing gifts that took much more labour to produce than you would ever guess and I believe I have the right to decide whom I want to give them to .
I consider military use considerably more egregious than theft .
To me , it is the same as if you forced me to kill a child .
You put blood on my hands .
People often try to talk me out of my non-military use restriction .
How would you feel if you discovered software you wrote were being used to run a child pornography ring ?
I feel even more revolted by the military .
I simply ca n’t aid and abet that sort of illegal actvity which so many people , especially Americans , consider perfectly acceptable , namely maiming , killing and torturing children .
I am baffled that so many people put their creations out into the world with blanket permission to use them for any imaginable or illegal purpose .
A few examples :
You write a program to control a wiener machine .
Everyone eats the wieners , including soldiers .
This is not military use .
military use .
You write a program to manage a fleet of trucks to deliver parcels .
The military is one of the potential customers of the delivery service .
This is not military use .
military use .
You write a custom program to manage a fleet of trucks to deliver supplies for the army .
This is military use , even if the trucks are unarmed .
Basically ask yourself , is the purpose of your software using CMP ( C anadian M ind P roducts ) components to serve the military ( forbidden ) , or is it of general utility that the military might incidentally use ( permitted ) .
It is not your responsibility to enforce what your customers do with the software , just to label it with the non-military use restriction .
Many people consider me highly wicked for putting this restriction on my software .
They might note that probably they too refuse to write free software for the military .
We do the same thing .
It is just our motivations differ .
Exercise can be as addictive as heroin
Exerceise ' junkies ' have the same withdrawal symptoms as heroin addicts when they try to stop , a study has shown .
Being weaned from physical activity produces the trembling , teeth chattering and drooping eyelids exhibited by drug addicts who go cold turkey , researchers said .
Obsessive exercising to shed weight can lead to the potentially fatal condition anorexia athletica , they added .
Obsessive : Scientists have found that that exercise can become addictive just like drugs
The report by neuroscientists from Tufts University in Boston suggests that as soft drugs can lead to hard drugs , so mild exercise such as jogging or bike riding can turn into triathlons and 100 - mile bike rides .
In the journal Behavioural Neuroscience , they wrote : ' Excessive running shares similarities with drug - taking behaviour .
' As with food intake and other parts of life , moderation seems to be the key . '
The scientists studied rats split into two groups - one group given exercise wheels .
The rats were then given naloxone , which heroin addicts take to produce immediate withdrawal symptoms .
They said because the active rats ' symptoms were worse , it appeared they had undergone the same changes in the brain as drug - addicted rats .
Predictions about the future , when viewedthe future , are often hilariously wrong , and nowhere is this more true than with product design .
One need look no further than " futuristic " Hollywood movies / TV programs of yore or oldcovers to see that would - be future designers can do no more than take the form factors of their day , alter the shape slightly and add some then - impossible technological function .
But as David Pogue twitters , " Remember the AT&T ' You Will ' ads from 1993 ?
Amazing how many of these came true ... " and man -- he 's right !
They got only a couple things wrong , most notably the huge - ass CRT displays ( like I said , the form factors of the day ) but the rest of it is remarkably accurate .
Well , except for the terminology :
What the heck is a " fax ? " via gizmodo
Schweden ist auf den Baum gekommen : Achtgeschosser aus Holz
Mehrgeschossige Wohnhäuser aus Holz erleben in Schweden eine Renaissance .
Holzbau schont das Klima , ist gesünder und vor allem billiger als Beton und Stahl .
STOCKHOLM taz | " Achtstöckige Wohnappartementblocks ausschließlich gebaut aus Holz ?
Alle sagten uns , das sei unmöglich " , erinnert sich Projektleiter Hans Andrén : " Nach langem Suchen fanden wir eine nordschwedische Firma , die mit kleinformatigeren Holzbauten Erfahrung hatte und sich an das Projekt herantraute . "
Problemlos war es also nicht , als ein Wohnungsunternehmen im südschwedischen Växjö vor fünf Jahren ein in Zusammenarbeit mit der dortigen Universität entwickeltes Konzept für den Bau mehrgeschossiger Holzwohnhäuser verwirklichen wollte .
Mittlerweile sind vier der sieben - und achtstöckigen Wohnblocks bezogen .
An Interessenten für Kauf oder Miete der ersten 268 Wohnungen war kein Mangel .
Und nun stehen die großen Baukonzerne plötzlich Schlange , um am weiteren Ausbau von " Välle Broar " beteiligt zu werden : Växjös neuem hölzernem Stadtviertel .
Die derzeit aus Holz gebauten Wohnhäuser Europas haben auch weltweit Interesse erregt .
Mehr als 2.000 Besucher hat Andrén in den letzten eineinhalb Jahren das Projekt gezeigt .
Interessenten von Japan bis Großbritannien haben sich gemeldet , um das Konzept vielleicht auch zu Hause zu verwirklichen .
Und Andrén hat die Zahlen parat , warum Holzbau auch aus Klimaschutzgründen so interessant ist .
Der Bau - und Wohnungssektor stehe für fast 40 Prozent des totalen schwedischen Energieverbrauchs , für 30 Prozent der Kohlendioxid - Emissionen und für 40 Prozent des jährlich produzierten Abfalls .
Es zahle sich deshalb unmittelbar aus , in diesem Bereich effektiver mit den Ressourcen umzugehen und mehr Rücksicht auf die Folgen für das Klima zu nehmen .
Nicht nur , was die operationelle Bauphase selbst angehe , sondern den gesamten Lebenszyklus eines Hauses .
Holz aus nachhaltiger Forstwirtschaft sei deshalb ein Material mit großen ökologischen Vorteilen gegenüber den meisten anderen Baustoffen .
Bäume binden Kohlendioxid ( CO2 ) und wachsen nach .
Und baut man mit Holz , geschieht das zwar nicht ganz klimaneutral , aber mit 13 - fach niedrigerer CO2 - Bilanz als mit Stahl - und Betonkonstruktionen .
Holzbauten sind zudem zehnmal leichter als vergleichbare Betonbauten und können auf einem Untergrund errichtet werden , auf dem dies für Ziegel - oder Betonbauten nicht möglich wäre .
Holzbauten sind auch noch vergleichsweise billiger und Holz gibt ein gesünderes Innenklima .
" Holz ist demokratisch und gibt Kraft " , schwärmt Olof Thedin , einer der Architekten des neuen Holzstadtteils " Välle Broar " : " Holz strahlt Stärke aus , aber gleichzeitig Leichtigkeit und Reinheit . "
Und natürlich hat man in Växjö so geplant , dass die Wohnungen auch ein Vorbild an Energiesparsamkeit sind .
Lupenreine Passivhäuser , die keine Heizung aus externen Quellen erforder , sind es bislang zwar noch nicht .
Doch die nächste Generation , deren Prototyp Ende des Jahres fertiggestellt sein wird , soll auch diese Voraussetzung erfüllen .
Mehrgeschossiger Holzhausbau war in Europa in den letzten Jahrzehnten kein Thema .
Selbst in einem Waldland wie Schweden war nach mehreren Feuersbrünsten 1874 gar ein allgemeines Verbot des Baus von Holzhäusern mit mehr als zwei Stockwerken erlassen worden .
Das erst 120 Jahre später im Jahr 1994 wieder aufgehoben wurde .
Obwohl Stockholm vor einigen Jahren eine " nationale Holzbaustrategie " verabschiedet hatte , ging die Entwicklung langsam .
Architekten , Ingenieure und Bauunternehmen müssen offenbar erst wieder lernen mit Holz zu bauen und ihre Kunden sich an diesen Baustoff gewöhnen .
Doch nun scheint es so etwas wie eine Renaissance zu geben .
In der nordschwedischen Stadt Sundsvall wurden 2005 die ersten sechsstöckigen Holz - Wohnhäuser eingeweiht .
Dort hat die Kommunalverwaltung jetzt im städtischen Bebauungsplan festgeschrieben , dass künftig alle Neubauten aus Holz gebaut werden müssen .
" Välle Broar " in Växjö ist mit 15 Hektar Fläche , bis zu 1.500 projektierten Wohnungen und Gewerbeflächen von 50.000 Quadratmetern das derzeit größte zusammenhängende Holz - Neubauprojekt des Landes .
Die Universität der Stadt hat einen eigenen Studiengang für Holzhausbau und gilt als führend in der Forschung über Holzbautechniken .
Die Regierung in Stockholm hat eine Vision :
In zehn Jahren soll Holz das gebräuchlichste Baumaterial in ganz Schweden sein - und wie die Branche dort hofft , auf längere Sicht vielleicht auch in ganz Europa .
Neue Baumethoden mussten entwickelt werden .
Die einzelnen bis zu 16 Meter langen und stockwerkhohen Elemente der Holzhochhäuser wurden industriell in einer Hausfabrik vorgefertigt und vor Ort zusammengesetzt .
Bauzeit zehn Tage pro Stockwerk und unter einem höhenverschiebbaren Zeltbau in einem Baumilieu , das gegen Witterung , vor allem Feuchtigkeit geschützt war .
Apropos Feuchtigkeit : Neben " Holz verträgt keine Feuchtigkeit " ist " Holzhäuser sind brandgefährlich " der am häufigsten zu hörende Einwand gegen diese Bauweise .
" Eine unbegründete Furcht " , meint Fredrik von Platen , der für die schwedische Regierung eine Untersuchung zu den Zukunftsaussichten des Holzwohnbaus erstellt hat .
Für Holzhäuser gelten die gleichen Brand - Sicherheitsbestimmungen wie für Wohnblocks aus Stein oder Beton .
Die Konstruktionen sollen einen 90 - minütigen Brand überstehen , ohne in sich zusammenzustürzen .
Petersburg , Kentucky , Aug. 8 , 2009  --
A group of scientists , students and secularists -- 304 in all -- visited Petersburg , Kentucky on Friday to tour exhibits on display at the Creation Museum .
The visitors are in town attending a conference of the Secular Student Alliance , a group formed " to organize , unite , educate and serve students and student communities that promote the ideals of scientific and critical inquiry , democracy , secularism , and human based ethics . "
Exhibits in the Creation Museum , which cost $ 27 million to build and opened in May , 2007 , present a history of the world based on literal interpretations of the Book of Genesis .
Adam and Eve share the Garden of Eden with dinosaurs ; the beaks of Darwin 's finches are explained by God 's will , not evolution ; and mankind spread from continent to continent by walking across the floating trunks of trees knocked down during the Biblical Flood .
The museum has made a specific effort to reach out to students and families .
" We want to learn more about what evidence is being used to justify these beliefs , how some people are claiming to use to science to justify them , " said Seanna Watson , an engineer from Ottawa , Canada .
William Watkin , a chemist living in Indiana , challenged one exhibit 's suggestion that the Grand Canyon could have been carved in hours by a process similar to how volcanic mudslides can rapidly create canyons in softer rocks .
" Everything they said about sediment deposition , about Mount St. Helens … anyone in first year geology would say ' wrong from top to bottom , ' " said Watkin .
The field trip featured PZ Myers , an evolutionary biologist at the University of Minnesota , Morris .
He writes the blog Pharyngula , one of the most popular science blogs on the Internet , with over a million readers each month .
Tensions mounted shortly before the group 's planned museum visit , when , noting raucous comments on the blog , the Creation Museum sent a letter to Myers warning that " loud , disrespectful , destructive , obscene , or abusive behavior will not be tolerated , and may result in your removal from the premises . "
Science and Religion at Creaton Museum
" The Creation Museum welcomes anyone to tour our family attraction , " said a statement released by Mark Looy , co-founder and chief communications officer for the museum .
" [ W ]e trust that such skeptics will open to reassessing their dogmatically held view as they tour the Creation Museum . "
Following a suggestion from Myers , the group mostly kept to themselves , taking photographs and critiquing the lack of scientific content of the exhibits .
In the singular moment of noticeable conflict , Derek Rogers , a computer science major at Dalhouise University in Nova Scotia , Canada , was detained by guards for wearing a shirt with a slogan recently plastered on buses by activist groups that read , " There 's probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy yourself . "
He was escorted to the bathroom and ordered to flip the shirt inside - out .
" One family of religious people told me that I had ruined their trip , and they drove all the way from Virginia , " said Rogers .
But at least one conversation between religious believers and members of the group found common ground .
Beneath a poster that presented the creationist interpretation of fossils , two students from North Carolina and a man who became religious after being diagnosed with cancer engaged in a polite dialogue about helping others and tolerating differences that drew a crowd .
" Regardless of religion , we both live our lives for the same reasons , " said one of the students .
" The big thing we have a problem with here is the faulty science . "
Correction :
This story on the creation museum originally quoted a T - shirt slogan as saying " There 's probably no God , so get over it . "
The reporter could not accurately read the entire slogan because the t- shirt was turned inside out and prohibited from display .
The correct wording was " There 's probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy yourself . "
It has been corrected in the body of the story .
Following on from the original list of 25 things that are not what they seem , we are presenting another 20 items whose names are not entirely suitable or are just outright wrong .
Feel free to name any others you can think of in the comments .
1 Items 1 – 5
1. The Hundred Years ’
War did not last for 100 years but 116 .
It was actually a series of separate campaigns and battles which continued for 116 years ( from 1337 to 1453 ) .
2 . The Blitz was not a blitzkrieg , it was an example of strategic bombing .
A blitzkrieg is “ a headline word applied retrospectively to describe a military doctrine of an all - mechanized force concentrating its attack on a small section of the enemy front then , once the latter is broken , proceeding without regard to its flank . ”
3 . In golf , the clubs commonly referred to as “ woods ” are usually made of metal .
The club heads for “ woods ” were formerly made predominantly of wood .
4 . An egg cream is really chocolate flavored syrup with seltzer and milk .
It typically contains neither eggs nor cream .
[ Pictured above ]
5 . Head cheese is actually a meat product .
2 Items 6 – 10
6. Anti-semitism usually refers to hatred of jews .
But the fact is , semites refers not just to jews , but to all semitic peoples which includes Arabs .
The proper term for what is normally regarded as anti-semitism would be anti-jewish .
7 . An inchworm is neither an inch long , nor a worm .
8 . Tear gas is not a gas , but a ( solid ) crystalline substance .
9 . The East River is not a river , but a tidal strait .
10 .
The titmouse is a bird , not a mouse .
[ Pictured above ]
3 Items 11 – 15
11 . Despite its name , the Jerusalem artichoke has no relation to Jerusalem , and little to do with artichokes .
Jerusalem derives from Girasole , the Italian word for sunflower , by folk etymology .
The taste of the tuber of a Jerusalem artichoke merely resembles the taste of the leaves of the Globe Artichoke .
12 . Arabic numerals originated in India , though they came to be associated with the Arab world .
13 . Panama hats are made in Ecuador , but are associated with Panama as they were widely worn during construction of the Panama Canal .
14 . French fries did not originate in France .
There are some doubts about their origin , but they most likely were invented in Belgium .
They ’re called “ French ” because vegetables sliced in that manner are called “ julienned ” , which sounds French .
[ Pictured above ]
15 . Mongolian barbecue is neither Mongolian in origin nor barbecue .
It has its origins in Taiwan and actually derives from Japanese - style teppanyaki which was popular there at the time .
4 Items 16 – 20
16 . White chocolate is not actually considered chocolate by the Food and Drug Administration of the United States and other bodies , even though it contains cocoa butter .
17 .
The term “ tidal wave ” is often applied to tsunamis , even though they are not caused by tides .
18 . Sugar soap contains neither sugar nor soap .
19 .
An egg roll is an appetizer usually made by wrapping a combination of chopped vegetables , not eggs .
20 . Chinese checkers did not originate in China ( or even Asia ) .
It was invented in Germany in 1893 under the name “ Stern - Halma ” , as a variation on the older American game of Halma .
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike License ; additional terms may apply .
Text is derived from Wikipedia .
A European Union fact - finding mission investigating Georgia ’s war with Russia has postponed publishing its final report after new material became available .
Weird news / Russian scientist photographs souls A Russian scientist has refined the well - known Kirlian photography process and made surprising discoveries when he applied it to the dying .
Military / Russian military stops issuing soldiers with cigarettes , offers candy instead Russian Deputy Defense Minister Colonel General Dmitry Bulgakov has announced that the Defense Ministry will no longer purchase cigarettes for soldiers .
Society / Airplane bomber targeted in - laws in Soviet attack Russian security services have declassified information concerning an incident in the 1970-s , when a Soviet pilot crashed his plane into an apartment block , seeking to kill his in - laws , but killing three neighbors instead .
Sports / Dynamo Moscow wins over Celtic in their first Champions League campaign Dynamo Moscow got off to a perfect start in their first Champions League campaign , scoring an early goal and shutting out Celtic to win 1 - 0 in Glasgow .
Weird news / Russian geneticists suggest breeding mammoths to fight crisis Russian geneticists are working to resurrect the wooly mammoth : the enormous cold - tolerant mammoth is an ideal animal for agricultural breeding , they say .
Sports / Russia ’s Safin reaches first quarterfinal at LA Tennis Open Marat Safin , playing for the fourth time in three days , summoned enough energy to beat Ernests Gulbis 2 - 6 , 6 - 3 , 6 - 4 in the second round of the LA Tennis Open on Wednesday .
C and C++ are relatively non-dynamic languages , and one thing this means is that not repeating yourself ( aka DRY ) is often harder than in a language like Python .
For instance , when you ’ve got a config file , a config structure , config defaults , and a config printer , you want all those things to come from a single spec .
One good way around this problem is code generation — for example , using an XML spec with Python and Cheetah templates to generate C code .
But for simple C projects this can be overkill .
And it turns out the age - old C preprocessor contains a few goodies that help with DRY programming .
As the Wikipedia article says , one little - known usage pattern of the C preprocessor is known as “ X - Macros ” .
So what are X - Macros ?
An X - Macro is a standard preprocessor macro ( or just a header file ) that contains a list of calls to a sub-macro .
For example , here ’s the config .
def file for the INI - parsing code we ’ll be looking at ( uses my simple INI parser library ) :
/* CFG ( section , name , default ) */ CFG ( protocol , version , " 0 " ) CFG ( user , name , " Fatty Lumpkin " ) CFG ( user , email , " fatty@lumpkin.com " ) #undef CFG
That ’s an X - Macro that defines a config file with a protocol version and user name and email fields .
If we were n’t following DRY , our main code would specify the field names in the struct definition , repeat them for setting the default values , and repeat them again for loading and printing the structure .
To do this in X - Macro style , we just #include " config.def " repeatedly , but #define CFG to what we need each time we include it .
Sticking with show - me - the - code , here ’s a program that loads , stores , and prints our config :
#include < stdio.h > # include < string.h > # include " ../ ini.h " /* define the config struct type */ typedef struct { # define CFG (s , n , default ) char *s##_##n ; #include " config.def " } config ; /* create one and fill in its default values */ config Config = { # define CFG(s , n , default ) default , #include " config.def " } ; /* process a line of the INI file , storing valid values into config struct */ int handler ( void *user , const char * section , const char * name , const char * value ) { config * cfg = ( config *) user ; if ( 0 ) ; # define CFG(s , n , default ) else if ( stricmp ( section , # s ) ==0 && \ stricmp ( name , # n ) ==0 ) cfg ->s##_##n = strdup( value ) ; #include " config.def " return 1 ; } /* print all the variables in the config , one per line */ void dump_config ( config * cfg ) { # define CFG(s , n , default ) printf ( " % s_%s = %s
" , #s , #n , cfg ->s# # _# #n ) ; #include " config.def " } int main ( int argc , char* argv[ ] ) { if ( ini_parse ( " test.ini " , handler , & Config ) < 0 ) printf ( " Ca n't load ' test.ini ' , using defaults
" ) ; dump_config ( &Config ) ; return 0 ; }
Note that config .
def is included 4 times , so you ’d have to repeat yourself 3 times with no X - Macros .
I admit it ’s not beautiful artwork .
But it ’s not too ugly either — and it gets the job done with nothing but C ’s built - in code generator .
21 August 2009 by Ben 14 comments
Add a comment
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden called for a long war against “ infidels and their agents ” and warned Muslims that alliances with Christians and Jews would turn them into apostates .
Bin Laden ’s remarks came in a recording , parts of which had been aired by Al Jazeera television on Wednesday , a day before U.S. President Barack Obama said he sought a “ new beginning ” between the United States and the Muslim world in a speech .
“ We either live under the light of Islam or we die with dignity ... brace yourselves for a long war against the world ’s infidels and their agents , ” bin Laden said in the recording posted on an Islamist website on Thursday .
Bin Laden said Obama had planted “ seeds of hatred ” among Muslims .
His deputy Ayman al - Zawahri called the U.S. president a criminal in another recording on Tuesday and warned Muslims against falling for his polished words .
The comments appeared to be a drive by al Qaeda to pre-empt Obama ’s speech to the Muslim world .
“ If a Muslim became an ally of the infidels and backed them against Muslims his faith would be annulled and he would become an apostate infidel , ” said bin Laden .
“ Do not take Jews and Christians as allies ... , ” said the Saudi - born militant , adding fighting Muslim Pakistani soldiers was not sacrilegious as they were implementing U.S. policies .
“ This is the case of the Pakistani army as it is with America in the same dungeon against Islam .
The true folk of Islam should fight them . ”
Bin Laden described Pakistani President Asif Zardari as an ally of the United States and said he had ordered his army to fight Muslims at the behest of Washington .
Pakistan ’s army began battling Taliban Islamists , allies of al Qaeda , in Swat in April after a militant thrust into a district 100 km ( 60 miles ) northwest of the capital raised fears at home and abroad that the nuclear - armed country could slowly slip into militant hands .
Obama chose Egypt to make an address to the Islamic world in which he tried to dispel resentment inflamed by U.S. involvement in Iraq and Afghanistan after al Qaeda ’s September 11 attacks .
As August draws to a close , school buses are back on the roads , blackboard rails have chalk dust in them again , and back - to - school shopping is pretty much wrapped up .
But as we walked the aisles of notebooks , pencils and backpacks last week , there was one item that seemed to be missing from the store shelves .
I 'm talking , of course , about the lunch box .
I 'm sure I 'm showing my age , but when I walked to school ( uphill , both ways ) , my books were carried loosely in one hand and my peanut butter and jelly sandwich , carrot sticks and potato chips were packed safely away in a tightly clasped , rectangular metal lunch box .
For me , the end of summer was a sad time .
At once , it meant the end to all - day street baseball games , exploring in the woods and playing with Micronauts on the alien landscape my rumpled bed covers made .
But the saving grace was an August trip to the neighborhood five - and - dime store to pick out a new lunch box for the year .
No decision was more important :
What you carried your lunch in said a lot about your personality , attitude ... your whole ethos .
Whether your interest was television , music , sports , movies or comics , you could find a lunch box that proudly proclaimed your allegiance in four - color pressed metal .
Most boxes came with a matching Thermos for keeping 8 ounces of liquid cool ( or hot ) , and many a lunch period was spent looking at all six sides of the box , admiring the artwork that adorned the armor of my alimentary abundance .
The lunch pail has been around since the late 1800s , but it was n't until 1935 that the first marketing genius thought to appeal to kids by pasting Mickey Mouse 's picture on a box .
Still , the lunch box , as we know it , did n't surge into popularity until the early ' 50s , when branded lunch boxes really took off , launching a heyday that lasted more than 30 years , paying tribute to cultural icons from Roy Rogers to Jimi Hendrix , Scooby Doo to Rambo — and darn near everything in between .
New manufacturing processes during the mid-1970s gave way to injection - molded plastic boxes ( with one lousy decal ) and flimsy vinyl boxes that fell apart a month into the new school year .
Some claim it was due to legislation emanating from Florida , but that theory has some doubters .
Finally , during the mid-1980s , the lunch box took a vacation from mainstream culture .
Metal boxes disappeared almost entirely , followed soon after by the plastic tubs , only to be replaced by unimaginative zippered nylon bags .
But this was n't a death knell for the venerable lunch box .
Like many once - popular items , lunch boxes are seeing a bit of a resurgence .
Some manufacturers are kicking out limited runs of metal boxes , and the lunchtime icon is showing up in some unusual places , as well .
You can still buy lunch boxes on eBay , through various collector groups and some of the better e-tailers on the Web .
What 's more , a few years ago , the Smithsonian deemed the lunch box popular enough to merit its own special display .
So , while my kids go to school with a brown paper sack or one of those anonymous insulated nylon bags , I fondly remember the metal boxes of my youth — the utilitarian containers that would carry my lunch one year and baseball cards or Hot Wheels the next .
Of all the lunch boxes over the years , my favorite was probably from the latter years of grade school .
The theme for this black - trimmed box was Marvel Comics Super Heroes .
The Fantastic Four held their ground on one side while Thor , Spidey and Captain America defended the lid .
I still remember all the scratches where the paint had worn away and the remnants from a sticker on the side .
It provided hours and hours of wonder and imaginative fodder .
You wo n't get that out of a nylon bag .
What about you — did you carry a lunch box growing up ?
Please let us know in the comments .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 August 14
Shuttle and Meteor
Credit & Copyright : Stephen Clark / Spaceflightnow.com
Explanation :
This early morning skyscape was captured last week on August 4th , looking northeast across calm waters in the Turn Basin at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center .
In a striking contrast in motion , the space shuttle Discovery , mounted on a massive transporter , creeps toward launch pad 39A at less than two miles per hour , while a brilliant meteor streaks through the sky traveling many miles per second .
Of course , this week skywatchers have seen many similar meteor streaks during the annual Perseid meteor shower .
But the meteor flashing above Discovery is not likely to be one of the Perseids because its path does n't point back to that shower 's radiant .
Seen here near picture center , brilliant planet Venus still dominates the sky as the Morning Star , though .
Yellowish tinted Mars lies near the top of the frame and Orion 's red giant star Betelgeuse is toward the right .
iz not addicted to caffeine i juz needs it to function
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Warren Buffet a highly influential American has finally hit the panic button , saying that we are going to be crushed under a mountain of debt taking into consideration the amount of debt the country is piling up .
Last year , Warren Buffett says , we were justified in using any means necessary to stave off another Great Depression .
Now that the economy is beginning to recover , however , we need to curtail our out - of - control spending , or we ’ll destroy the value of the dollar and many Americans ’ life savings .
Here are some not - so - fun facts from Buffett ’s editorial today in the New York Times :
* Congress is now spending 185 % of what it takes in
* Our deficit is a post WWII record of 13 % of GDP
* Our debt is growing by 1 % a month
* We are borrowing $ 1.8 trillion a year
$ 1.8 trillion , that ’s a lot of money .
Even if the Chinese lend us $ 400 billion a year and Americans save a remarkable $ 500 billion and lend it to the government , we ’ll still need another $ 900 billion .
Which brings us to the million Dollar question “ where ’s it going to come from ? ”
Most likely the printing press .
And , ultimately , that will destroy the value of the dollar .
This post will be an exercise in algebraic ( differential ) geometry : I ’ll calculate the tangent bundle of the Grassmannian of r-dimensional subspaces of a fixed vector space E defined over a field k .
We ’ll deduce from this that Grassmannians are Fano varieties .
The two methods will be similar , but working in the differential category requires less machinery , so we ’ll assume k is the real numbers first .
In this case , we ’ll use the definition of tangent spaces at a point x as the tangent vectors of curves starting at x .
We ’ll need the tautological bundle R on X , which is the subbundle of E x X given by .
The quotient bundle will be denoted Q. Recall that the Plücker embedding is a map sends a subspace W of E to its rth exterior power .
Under this embedding , the line bundle on P restricts to since is the tautological subbundle of .
The image of X under the Plücker embedding are precisely all lines in P which have a generator of the form for .
So pick a point of X. Complete to a basis of E. Given a map , we can define a curve by .
Since , this determines a tangent vector .
Two curves given by determine the same tangent vector if and only if the image of their difference lies in , so the tangent space naturally contains Hom ( W’ , E/ W’ ) as a subspace .
But this subspace has dimension r( n - r ) , which is the dimension of X , so in fact they are equal .
Hence we conclude that the tangent bundle of X is Hom( R , Q ) .
How do we turn the above analytic argument into an algebraic one for an arbitrary field ?
Recall that the Zariski tangent space of a scheme X at a point p is defined to be where is the maximal ideal of the local ring , and is the residue field .
In the case that X is a scheme over a field k , and p is a k- rational point ( i.e. , its residue field is k ) , tangent vectors at p are equivalent to maps whose image is p .
For simplicity of notation , set .
This definition seems harder to understand , but we ’ll see that it ’s the natural one to use in the case of the Grassmannian .
This is true because the functor of points Hom( – , X ) of the Grassmannian has a nice description .
To be specific , let F be the functor which sends a k - scheme Y to the set of all rank r locally free subsheaves whose quotient is also locally free .
Then F is isomorphic to Hom ( – , X ) .
( Given a map , we get such a subsheaf L by pulling back the tautological sequence from X , and conversely , every choice of L induces a map from Y to X ) .
All closed points of the Grassmannian are k-rational .
Using this language , X = F( Spec k ) , and for a closed point p of X , the tangent space is the fiber of p under the map , which is obtained by applying to the quotient map .
A closed point of F( Spec k ) is just a dimension r subspace of W of E whose quotient is free ( this condition is automatic ) , and so the fiber under T is just all rank r locally free subsheaves of whose quotient is locally free , and whose pullback under the map is W. Locally free sheaves on Spec S are equivalent to finitely generated projective S - modules , and since S is local , all such modules are free .
Hence we have reduced to the following situation : find all free S - submodules M of whose quotient is free , and such that upon specializing , M becomes W .
This is very similar to writing down tangent vectors for curves : let be any linear map .
Identifying and as vector spaces , we can define .
This is a free S - submodule of with a basis given by any basis of W , and if and only if the image of the difference lies in W .
So again we ’ve concluded that Hom ( W , E/W ) is a subspace of the Zariski tangent space of W , which again must be whole thing by dimension counting since the Grassmannian is nonsingular .
Conclusion : the tangent bundle of the Grassmannian is , and hence the cotangent bundle is .
Taking the highest exterior power ( determinant ) , the canonical bundle is .
But using the short exact sequence , we see that det R and det Q are dual bundles .
Recall from above also that det R is O ( - 1 ) under the Plücker embedding , so the canonical bundle simplifies to .
In particular , the anticanonical bundle is , which is very ample , and hence Grassmannians are Fano varieties ( by definition , this means that the anticanonical bundle is ample ) .
- Steven
Shares in London closed tonight at their highest level this year after an unexpected return to growth in Germany and France – the eurozone 's two powerhouse economies – boosted hopes of recovery from the severest financial crisis since the 1930s .
The City 's FTSE 100 closed 38.7 points up at 4755.46 – a level not seen since early October when bourses around the globe were gripped by panic in the aftermath of the collapse of Lehman Brothers .
Both Germany and France reported that output had grown by 0.3 % in the three months to June – bucking market fears of a fresh contraction in activity and far exceeding the performance of the UK , which contracted by 0.8 % over the same period .
Opposition parties in the UK were quick to seize on the contrast between the UK and its two main European rivals , which were boosted by a better trade performance and the success of the " cash for clunkers " scheme to encourage consumers to buy new cars .
Shadow chancellor George Osborne said : " It is great news that we are beginning to see some signs of recovery in France and Germany , not least because these are key export markets for British companies .
It is striking that the economic data for the same period for Britain has shown a continuing sharp contraction in recession .
" Once again , Gordon Brown 's claim that Britain was better prepared for recession , and would weather it better than other countries , has been proved untrue . "
Vince Cable , the Liberal Democrat shadow chancellor , said : " The signs of recovery in France and Germany are to be welcomed , particularly since they are both vital markets for British goods and services .
" The size of Britain 's banking sector and the extent to which the government allowed debt and the housing bubble to grow left Britain particularly exposed .
This was not the case in either France or Germany . "
Share prices had shown even heftier gains earlier in the day but these were reduced after disappointing figures for jobs and retail sales in the US dampened economic recovery hopes .
Oil prices , which had touched $ 72 a barrel following the upbeat news from Berlin and Paris , also lost some of their gains .
Despite the return to growth of Germany and France for the first time since early 2008 , weak performance by other European countries – including Belgium , Italy and the Netherlands – meant that output in the 16 - nation eurozone slipped by 0.1 % in the second quarter , according to Eurostat , the European Union 's statistics office .
Analysts had been braced for a fall of 0.3 % in gross domestic product in both Germany and France .
The figures showed that the German recovery was led by increases in private and public consumption alongside construction .
Despite a slump in exports , trade made a positive contribution to growth as imports fell at a faster pace .
Similarly , the French recovery was boosted by a 0.3 % rise in consumption , following a 0.2 % rise in the previous quarter .
French economy minister Christine Lagarde said that government car scrappage schemes and falling prices , particularly among big retailers , were encouraging consumers to spend .
She added there was no danger of deflation taking hold .
Exports contributed 0.9 percentage points to growth in France .
Strong public sector investment also fuelled the recovery , while investment by private companies remained weak , Lagarde said .
" There is a more than decent chance that eurozone economic activity has now hit a bottom and will expand again in the third quarter , as many other eurozone economies follow Germany and France out of recession , " said economist Martin van Vliet at ING .
" However , we fear that the recovery will be relatively slow and protracted .
The eurozone 's worst postwar recession may be drawing to a close , but for many people and businesses it will continue to feel like a recession for some considerable time to come . "
Despite the return to growth on a quarterly basis , Germany 's economy remains weak .
Compared with a year ago , it shrank by 7.1 % in the second quarter .
Angela Merkel 's government expects it to contract by some 6 % this year .
Home »
Features »
Rick Steves »
An Aging Continent Grapples With Immigration
An Aging Continent Grapples With Immigration
Rick Steves : Exploring Europe , exploring travel as a political act
REUTERS / Fabrizio Bensch / File REUTERS / Fabrizio Bensch / File
I am a Europhile .
I freely admit I have a romantic fascination with Europe and an appreciation for its way of life .
But I ’m not blind to the fact that Europe has its character flaws and is grappling — not always very well — with some serious challenges of its own .
As the birthrate has dropped in recent years , Europe is becoming a geriatric continent .
While this is not a problem in itself , Europe ’s luxurious cradle - to - grave welfare system is only sustainable with more active workers and fewer retirees .
People who worked all their lives with the promise of the cushy old - age benefits their parents enjoyed wo n’t docilely accept the harsh reality as dictated by the new arithmetic .
As in the USA , it ’s difficult to take away expected entitlements without a fight .
Europeans love to demonstrate .
And as courageous politicians try to make cuts to address the emerging crisis , there will be plenty of angry marches clogging Europe ’s grand boulevards .
Interestingly , as Europe ’s native population declines , its population growth may come largely from immigrants .
And Europe ’s immigration challenges are much like America’s .
Around the world , rich nations import poor immigrants to do their dirty work .
If a society does n’t want to pay for expensive apples picked by rich kids at high wages , it gets cheaper apples by hiring people willing to work cheaper .
If you ’re wealthy enough to hire an immigrant to clean your house , you do it — you get a clean house , and the immigrant earns a wage .
That ’s just the honest reality of capitalism .
In Europe , Gastarbeiter — German for “ guest worker ” — is the generic term for this situation because Germans so famously imported Turkish people to do their scut work a generation ago , when Germany ’s post - WWII economic boom finally kicked into gear .
These days , virtually every country in Western Europe has its own Gastarbeiter contingent .
Berlin — with over 100,000 Turks — could be considered a sizable “ Turkish city . ”
France ’s population includes millions of poor North Africans .
And even newly wealthy Ireland now has 100,000 Polish people taking out its trash .
It ’s striking to hear my Irish friends speak about their new Polish worker as if he or she were a new appliance .
But invariably , wealthy people begin to realize that their “ cheap labor ” is not quite as cheap as they hoped .
In Europe , the importation of labor creates fast - growing immigrant communities that need help and incentives to assimilate , or society at large will pay a steep price ( as we saw in 2005 , when the shooting of a black teenager by French cops ignited violent riots that rocked the poor African and Arab suburbs of Paris ) .
Working constructively with its new minority populations is a crucial issue for the future of Europe .
NoSanninWa Weapon of Mass Discussion Fansubber
Join Date : Feb 2003 Location : New York , USA
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya - Episode 19 Discussion / Poll [ 2009 added ep. 9 ] Suzumiya Haruhi ( 2009 ) , Episode 9 .
Thread Guidelines
Raw requests and offers are not permitted anywhere on this forum .
permitted on this forum .
Spoilers about future events must not be posted in this thread .
If you need to reference something that would spoil a future event , reply directly with a private message .
Discuss your expectations of the episode if it has not aired yet .
Be polite to your fellow forum members .
Please try to keep the discussion on topic .
Spoiler Policy
Any spoiler that reveals future events , even under a spoiler tag , will be deleted .
Spoiler tags should still be used where appropriate .
Adding a Spoiler tag :
Just highlight your spoiler and click the button found
on the " Quick Reply " and " Reply to Thread " forms .
Make sure that you include a title for the spoiler !
tag : Please use the Report button if you see any spoilers :
Click the button found to the left of the post , just under the poster 's avatar .
Using the Report button is anonymous and helps the Moderators
to locate and deal with problems quickly .
button if you see any spoilers : Posting prohibited spoilers may result in a ban .
Note : Reporting a post does not mean the poster will be banned instantly .
The Moderators will use bans if warnings are repeatedly ignored .
Welcome to the discussion thread for , Episode
But the bill has several important provisions that you may not be as familiar with .
Below the fold , I 've listed a few that stood out to me :
The bill covers all the more well - known problems .
For instance , it prevents Internet providers from blocking sites , and from entering into agreements to deliver certain sites at higher speeds .
That 's all to the good .
I just finished reading the net neutrality bill that Markey and Eshoo introduced last week -- the " Internet Freedom Preservation Act of 2009 ( H.R. 3458 ) ( pdf ) .
And it 's really good stuff .
The leadership should move on it .
Ensuring Sufficient Bandwidth
One challenge in promoting open networks is the Whack - A - Mole problem .
You can prevent one bad network practice , but then a new one emerges to take its place .
Bandwidth caps fall into this category .
Even if Congress requires carriers to treat traffic " neutrally , " they can accomplish the same goals by limiting your bandwidth , or by limiting the amount of data you can download in , say , a month .
Comcast , for instance , wants you to rent movies from them -- not from iTunes , not from BitTorrent .
If they can't block these sites , they can still limit your ability to download from them by instituting bandwidth caps .
After a few downloads of HD movies , you 'd be over the limit .
This practice would be " neutral , " but still discriminatory .
Caps are n't a big problem now , but they will be in the very near future with the continued growth of HD and other high - data video services .
The bill , however , explicitly requires providers to " make available sufficient capacity . . . [ for ] services that require high bandwidth communications . "
Basically , it gives the FCC authority to see what 's really going on if things like caps are instituted .
Plus , it makes increased capacity a national policy goal .
Virtually every complaint that Internet providers raise goes away with more capacity .
That 's why we need to create incentives to expand , as opposed to creating incentives to maintain scarcity .
Neutrality requirements do that .
Network Management
Under any neutrality scheme , carriers need to be able to protect their networks .
The fear , though , is that they 'll do bad things like block BitTorrent under the guise of " network management . "
The bill strikes a good balance here .
It allows for reasonable network management , but also puts a strong burden on carriers to justify their practices .
Specifically , the bill echoes the language of strict scrutiny -- carriers can do network management , but it has to be " narrowly tailored " to a " critically important interest . "
Public Disclosure
The bill also requires providers to publicly disclose information about their service -- things like speed , limitations , etc .
The beauty of public disclosure is that it allows the FCC to " crowdsource " network monitoring .
By publicly disclosing this information , the Army of Davids can more easily detect monkey business .
And that 's a huge deterrent .
Stand - Alone Internet Service
The bill requires providers to sell " stand - alone " Internet access .
Let 's say you only wanted Internet access from Comcast .
The bill would prevent Comcast from requiring you to buy video service , or other " bundles " of services .
Expedited Complaint Procedures
The bill requires the FCC to rule on neutrality complaints within 90 days , and thus prevents Internet providers from dragging proceedings out .
Delay tends to hurt smaller companies and startups because the risk and uncertainty limits their ability to get capital .
This is arguably what happened in Verizon 's patent litigation against Vonage -- even if Verizon did n't win ( which they did ) , they could spook investors by dragging Vonage into a long and expensive discovery process .
Wireless Net Neutrality
I 'm not 100 % sure , but I read the bill as establishing open device requirements that would apply to wireless devices too ( so long you can access the Internet from them ) .
Under this regime , customers could buy devices like the iPhone and use them on any network they pleased .
Do n't quote me on that yet -- I 'm still trying to confirm .
But that 's how I read p.7 [ ( b ) ( 3 ) ] , combined with the definition of " Internet Access Service Provider " on p.13 .
Either way , it 's a really good bill .
Earlier this year , Afghanistan embarked on its second presidential campaign season , with over forty candidates registering to run for president , and over 3,000 candidates for provincial offices .
The election itself took place on August 20th , and the results are still being tallied - but , according to preliminary results , the two front - runners are current president Hamid Karzai and former Foreign Minister Dr. Abdullah Abdullah .
Members of the Taliban boycotted the election process and threatened those who participated with violence .
Although security was heavy , nearly 800 polling stations ( out of 7,000 ) were not opened due to feared insecurity - insurgent attacks having spiked in frequency leading up to the 20th .
The Afghan government also issued a ban on media coverage of violence during election day , fearing such news would drive down turnout .
Find below photos from around Afghanistan during its recent election .
( 40 + 3 photos total
This site is devoted to increasing public awareness of police misconduct and detainee abuse in addition to providing support for victims of police misconduct and detainee abuse .
If you or someone you know have witnessed abuse or have been abused , please let us know .
1 ) The bandage was wound around the wound .
2 ) The farm was used to produce produce .
3 ) The dump was so full that it had to refuse more refuse .
4 ) We must polish the Polish furniture .
5 ) He could lead if he would get the lead out .
6 ) The soldier decided to desert his dessert in the desert .
7 ) Since there is no time like the present , he thought it was time to present the present .
8 ) A bass was painted on the head of the bass drum .
9 ) When shot at , the dove dove into the bushes .
10 ) I did not object to the object .
11 ) The insurance was invalid for the invalid .
12 ) There was a row among the oarsmen about how to row .
13 ) They were too close to the door to close it .
14 ) The buck does funny things when the does are present .
15 ) A seamstress and a sewer fell down into a sewer line .
16 ) To help with planting , the farmer taught his sow to sow .
17 ) The wind was too strong to wind the sail .
18 ) After a number of injections my jaw got number .
19 ) Upon seeing the tear in the painting I shed a tear .
20 ) I had to subject the subject to a series of tests .
21 ) How can I intimate this to my most intimate friend ?
Something strange has happened in America in the nine months since Barack Obama was elected .
It has best been summarised by the comedian Bill Maher : " The Democrats have moved to the right , and the Republicans have moved to a mental hospital . "
The election of Obama – a black man with an anti-conservative message – as a successor to George W. Bush has scrambled the core American right 's view of their country .
In their gut , they saw the US as a white - skinned , right - wing nation forever shaped like Sarah Palin .
When this image was repudiated by a majority of Americans in a massive landslide , it simply did n't compute .
How could this have happened ?
How could the cry of " Drill , baby , drill " have been beaten by a supposedly big government black guy ?
So a streak that has always been there in the American right 's world - view – to deny reality , and argue against a demonic phantasm of their own creation – has swollen .
Now it is all they can see .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Since Obama 's rise , the US right has been skipping frantically from one fantasy to another , like a person in the throes of a mental breakdown .
It started when they claimed he was a secret Muslim , and – at the same time – that he was a member of a black nationalist church that hated white people .
Then , once these arguments were rejected and Obama won , they began to argue that he was born in Kenya and secretly smuggled into the United States as a baby , and the Hawaiian authorities conspired to fake his US birth certificate .
So he is ineligible to rule and the office of President should pass to ... the Republican runner - up , John McCain .
These are n't fringe phenomena : a Research 200 poll found that a majority of Republicans and Southerners say Obama was n't born in the US , or are n't sure .
A steady steam of Republican congressmen have been jabbering that Obama has " questions to answer " .
No amount of hard evidence – here 's his birth certificate , here 's a picture of his mother heavily pregnant in Hawaii , here 's the announcement of his birth in the local Hawaiian paper – can pierce this conviction .
This trend has reached its apotheosis this summer with the Republican Party now claiming en masse that Obama wants to set up " death panels " to euthanise the old and disabled .
Yes : Sarah Palin really has claimed – with a straight face – that Barack Obama wants to kill her baby .
You have to admire the audacity of the right .
Here 's what 's actually happening .
The US is the only major industrialised country that does not provide regular healthcare to all its citizens .
Instead , they are required to provide for themselves – and 50 million people can't afford the insurance .
As a result , 18,000 US citizens die every year needlessly , because they can't access the care they require .
That 's equivalent to six 9/11s , every year , year on year .
Yet the Republicans have accused the Democrats who are trying to stop all this death by extending healthcare of being " killers " – and they have successfully managed to put them on the defensive .
The Republicans want to defend the existing system , not least because they are given massive sums of money by the private medical firms who benefit from the deadly status quo .
But they can't do so honestly : some 70 per cent of Americans say it is " immoral " to retain a medical system that does n't cover all citizens .
So they have to invent lies to make any life - saving extension of healthcare sound depraved .
A few months ago , a recent board member for several private health corporations called Betsy McCaughey reportedly noticed a clause in the proposed healthcare legislation that would pay for old people to see a doctor and write a living will .
They could stipulate when ( if at all ) they would like care to be withdrawn .
It 's totally voluntary .
Many people want it : I know I would n't want to be kept alive for a few extra months if I was only going to be in agony and unable to speak .
But McCaughey started the rumour that this was a form of euthanasia , where old people would be forced to agree to death .
This was then stretched to include the disabled , like Palin 's youngest child , who she claimed would have to " justify " his existence .
It was flatly untrue – but the right had their talking - point , Palin declared the non-existent proposals " downright evil " , and they were off .
It 's been amazingly successful .
Now , every conversation about healthcare has to begin with a Democrat explaining at great length that , no , they are not in favour of killing the elderly – while Republicans get away with defending a status quo that kills 18,000 people a year .
The hypocrisy was startling : when Sarah Palin was Governor of Alaska , she encouraged citizens there to take out living wills .
Almost all the Republicans leading the charge against " death panels " have voted for living wills in the past .
But the lie has done its work : a confetti of distractions has been thrown up , and support is leaking away from the plan that would save lives .
These increasingly frenzied claims have become so detached from reality that they often seem like black comedy .
The right - wing magazine US Investors '
Daily claimed that if Stephen Hawking had been British , he would have been allowed to die at birth by its " socialist " healthcare system .
Hawking responded with a polite cough that he is British , and " I would n't be here without the NHS " .
This tendency to simply deny inconvenient facts and invent a fantasy world is n't new ; it 's only becoming more heightened .
It ran through the Bush years like a dash of bourbon in water .
When it became clear that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction , the US right simply claimed they had been shipped to Syria .
When the scientific evidence for man-made global warming became unanswerable , they claimed – as one Republican congressman put it – that it was " the greatest hoax in human history " , and that all the world 's climatologists were " liars " .
The American media then presents itself as an umpire between " the rival sides " , as if they both had evidence behind them .
It 's a shame , because there are some areas in which a conservative philosophy – reminding us of the limits of grand human schemes , and advising caution – could be a useful corrective .
But that 's not what these so - called " conservatives " are providing : instead , they are pumping up a hysterical fantasy that serves as a thin skin covering some raw economic interests and base prejudices .
For many of the people at the top of the party , this is merely cynical manipulation .
One of Bush 's former advisers , David Kuo , has said the President and Karl Rove would mock evangelicals as " nuts " as soon as they left the Oval Office .
But the ordinary Republican base believe this stuff .
They are being tricked into opposing their own interests through false fears and invented demons .
Last week , one of the Republicans sent to disrupt a healthcare town hall started a fight and was injured – and then complained he had no health insurance .
I did n't laugh ; I wanted to weep .
How do they train themselves to be so impervious to reality ?
It begins , I suspect , with religion .
They are taught from a young age that it is good to have " faith " – which is , by definition , a belief without any evidence to back it up .
You do n't have " faith " that Australia exists , or that fire burns : you have evidence .
You only need " faith " to believe the untrue or unprovable .
Indeed , they are taught that faith is the highest aspiration and most noble cause .
Is it any surprise this then percolates into their political views ?
Faith - based thinking spreads and contaminates the rational .
Up to now , Obama has not responded well to this onslaught of unreason .
He has had a two - pronged strategy : conciliate the elite economic interests , and joke about the fanatical fringe they are stirring up .
He has ( shamefully ) assured the pharmaceutical companies that an expanded healthcare system will not use the power of government as a purchaser to bargain down drug prices , while wryly saying in public that he " does n't want to kill Grandma " .
Rather than challenging these hard interests and bizarre fantasies aggressively , he has tried to flatter and soothe them .
This kind of mania can't be co-opted : it can only be overruled .
Sometimes in politics you will have enemies , and they must be democratically defeated .
The political system cannot be gummed up by a need to reach out to the maddest people or the greediest constituencies .
There is no way to expand healthcare without angering Big Pharma and the Republicaloons .
So be it .
As Arianna Huffington put it , " It is as though , at the height of the civil rights movement , you thought you had to bring together Martin Luther King and George Wallace and make them agree .
It 's not how change happens . "
However strange it seems , the Republican Party really is spinning off into a bizarre cult who believe Barack Obama is a baby - killer plotting to build death panels for the grannies of America .
Their new slogan could be – shrill , baby , shrill .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
Damon mentioned himself , Schilling , Derek Lowe and Pedro Martinez as other important contributors to the Red Sox then , but he seemed interested to know just how many of his teammates were doping .
The more names , he suggested , the less weight the championship carries .
Image
The top of the Red Sox 2004 World Series Championship ring .
Credit ... Jessica Rinaldi / Reuters
History may be kinder , and may side more with Schilling , who played in two other World Series , for the 1993 Philadelphia Phillies and the 2001 champion Arizona Diamondbacks .
Both rosters were also dotted with steroid suspects .
Some have doubted the validity of the Yankees teams that included Roger Clemens , Andy Pettitte , Chuck Knoblauch and Jason Grimsley , who appeared in the 2007 report by George J. Mitchell , the former Senate majority leader , on steroids in baseball .
The report named few players on the Red Sox , a team for which Mitchell is a paid adviser to the ownership group .
( The New York Times Company is a minority owner of the team . )
But Mitchell ’s report was not meant to be comprehensive , and he stated in it that players from all teams were found to have used drugs .
Among his primary sources were Kirk Radomski and Brian McNamee , both based in New York .
“ Common sense tells us every team in baseball had steroid users during that era , ” said Bob Costas , who was here to broadcast the Thursday night Yankees - White Sox game for MLB Network .
“ Those that appeared in the Mitchell report by and large came from teams and circumstances where Mitchell and his staff had sources , and they did n’t have equal sources in every big - league city . ”
Costas continued : “ Texas did n’t win anything during that period of time , and it ’s pretty clear that Texas might have led the league in massive steroid use .
So I do n’t know how you evaluate or devalue championships during that period of time . ”
The players on Thursday seemed weary of the issue , the way it continues to monopolize attention whenever a new name is revealed .
Yankees Manager Joe Girardi , who won three championships as a catcher for the team , compared it to a Band - Aid slowly peeling off the skin .
Silvio Berlusconi insists there is no truth in fresh speculation linking Andrea Pirlo with a move to Chelsea .
Milan know nothing of midfielder 's reported desire to join Chelsea
Silvio Berlusconi insists there is no truth in fresh speculation linking Andrea Pirlo with a move to Chelsea .
The Italy international has been a reported target for the Blues all summer , although no official approach has yet been made .
The arrival of former Rossoneri boss Carlo Ancelotti at Stamford Bridge has fuelled the rumours , with the Italian tactician known to be an admirer of Pirlo 's talents .
Both the player and Milan have been quick to distance themselves from the speculation , but the issue refuses to go away Reports in Italy and England on Saturday claimed Pirlo is poised to hand in a transfer request in order to secure a move to Chelsea , but Milan supremo Berlusconi insists he has been given no indication that such an occurrence is forthcoming .
" They are all stories , there 's no truth at all , " he said .
" I do n't know anything , I have n't spoken with ( general manager , Adriano ) Galliani .
" I only found this out from journalists and I am surprised . "
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Indignant letters , e-mails and phone calls can still get results for unhappy airline travelers , but more are finding that if you really want to vent your frustrations , you can now be loud and fast and public .
Kate Hanni , founder of FlyersRights.org , is interviewed during a " Strand In " event in Washington , September 19 , 2007 .
REUTERS/FlyersRights.org/Handout
At least that ’s the buzz on Twitter , where airlines are discovering that fuming passengers who have been stranded , delayed or just plain piqued are increasingly letting their undiluted rage fly around the Internet , often from the confines of their cramped airplane seat .
Twitter and other fast - growing social networking websites like Facebook and YouTube have sprung up as yet another front in beleaguered airlines public relations battle .
Although such sites have practical uses for airlines -- say , publicizing fare sales and flight information -- experts said the technology has put carriers on the defensive as they race to tame Twitter furies every day .
“ It ’s almost an underground rage factory , ” said Terry Trippler , at tripplersview.com , a travel opinion website .
“ Rarely , I see Twitter messages praising an airline .
It ’s usually attacking an airline . ”
Twitter , which lets people broadcast 140 - character instant text messages to countless readers , has quickly been embraced as a powerful tool to counter censorship .
Twitter messages , or “ tweets , ” from Iranian protesters after the recent disputed elections became a running part of the drama .
On last Wednesday morning , Twitter ’s featured posts about airlines included the following :
“ Screw american airlines .
Every plane has Been broken .
Gah .
So done , ” read one post from Twitter user sheissilenttoo .
“ Shame on you Continental Airlines , ” read another post from user DiscoverU .
“ United airlines , you are the bane of my existence , ” user elnodonle wrote .
Continental Airlines and AMR Corp ’s American Airlines declined to comment specifically on those posts .
A United Airlines spokeswoman was not immediately available to comment .
“ We are monitoring tweets and are responding directly or publicly where appropriate , ” said Continental spokeswoman Kelly Cripe .
Billy Sanez , who manages social media for AMR , said social media enable better dialogue with customers .
“ Twitter and a lot of the other social media sites and tools are a way for people to create a conversation or say something , ” he said .
“ If they want to chat and if they want to have a conversation , we ’ll have a conversation .
If they want to say something they have an opportunity to express it . ”
ONE MORE HEADACHE ?
For overcrowded U.S. airlines , battered by volatile fuel costs and economic recession and labor unrest , bad publicity has become a part of daily operations .
But air carriers can ill - afford to lose the loyalty of their customers .
“ Airline industry issues seem to be more visceral .
People can resonate immediately with them , ” said Kevin Mitchell , head of the Business Travel Coalition , which represents business travelers .
“ Where there are options , it means booking away . ”
That ’s why satisfying customers is more important than ever for airlines .
In the last year , U.S. airlines slashed the number of flights to control costs .
Planes remain packed : load factors , measuring how full a plane is , were near 85 percent for the top nine U.S. airlines in July .
Despite the crowded planes , on - time performance has improved .
U.S. Transportation Department data for first - half 2009 show 78.9 percent of flights landed within 15 minutes their scheduled arrival .
In 2000 , that was at 72.6 percent .
So by that measure , air travelers should have less to complain about these days .
But do n’t tell that to airlines .
“ A lot of people are upset , and they use these channels to vent , ” said Christi Day at Southwest Airlines , who runs the carrier ’s Twitter and Facebook profiles .
“ The main thing that our customers need to know is that we hear them . ”
But it ’s not just the flood of irate Twitter postings that can give an airline new bumps in their ride .
Earlier this year , a Canadian musician recorded a song and video called “ United Breaks Guitars ” after he said United Airlines failed to take responsibility for damaging his instrument during a flight .
The video , which was posted on Google Inc ’s YouTube , became an Internet hit .
United quickly apologized and made a contribution to a music charity in the man ’s name .
Kate Hanni , founder of FlyersRights.org , and a vocal airlines critic , said social networking has given voice to travelers who otherwise would have fumed in silence .
“ It creates an awareness for people that these things are happening all the time , ” Hanni said .
FlyerRights.org has lobbied Congress for legislation on passenger rights , spurred by well - publicized incidents that left passengers stranded on planes for many hours .
“ When I hear about a stranding event where someone is stranded right then , I tweet it , ” Hanni said .
Shell beads newly unearthed from four sites in Morocco confirm early humans were consistently wearing and potentially trading symbolic jewelry as early as 80,000 years ago .
These beads add significantly to similar finds dating back as far as 110,000 in Algeria , Morocco , Israel and South Africa , confirming these as the oldest form of personal ornaments .
This crucial step towards modern culture is reported this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
A team of researchers recovered 25 marine shell beads dating back to around 70,000 to 85,000 years ago from sites in Morocco , as part of the European Science Foundation EUROCORES programme ' Origin of Man , Language and Languages ' .
The shells have man-made holes through the centre and some show signs of pigment and prolonged wear , suggesting they were worn as jewelry .
Across all the locations shells were found from a similar time period from the Nassarius genus .
That these shells were used similarly across so many sites suggests this was a cultural phenomenon , a shared tradition passed along through cultures over thousands of years .
Several of the locations where shells have been found are so far inland that the shells must have been intentionally brought there .
" Either people went to sea and collected them , or more likely marine shell beads helped create and maintain exchange networks between coastal and inland peoples .
This shows well - structured human culture that attributed meaning to these things , " said Francesco d'Errico , lead author and director of research at the French National Centre for Scientific Research ( CNRS ) .
" Organised networks would also assist trading of other items , as well as genetic and cultural exchange – so these shells help reveal the connections between cognition and culture . "
For scientists , beadworks are not simply decoration , they also represents a specific technology that conveys information through a shared coded language .
It indicates more advanced thinking and the development of modern cultural traits , giving clues to how such innovative behaviours might link to the spread of humans out of Africa .
" The early invention of the personal ornament is one of the most fascinating cultural experiments in human history , " d'Errico continued .
" The common element among such ornaments is that they transmit meaning to others .
They convey an image of you that is not just your biological self . "
Until recently the invention of personal ornaments was thought to coincide with the colonisation of Europe some 40,000 years ago , linking advanced cognitive capacity to early human dispersal .
Yet this changed with the 2006 discovery of shell beads in Africa and the Near East dating back 35,000 years earlier , showing that symbolic thinking emerged more gradually through human evolution .
Curiously , shell beads disappear from the archaeological record in Africa and the Near East 70,000 years ago , along with other cultural innovations such as engravings on ochre slabs , and refined bone tools and projectile points .
They reappear in different forms up to 30,000 years later , with personal ornaments simultaneously re-emerging in Africa and the Near East , and for the first time in Europe and Asia .
This may reflect an entirely new and independent phase of population growth with previously unseen innovations allowing a more efficient exploitation of a wider variety of environments .
The temporary disappearance of cultural innovations could well be linked to population decreases during a long period of harsher climate conditions 60,000 to 73,000 years ago .
This would have isolated populations , disrupting social and exchange networks .
This study was part of a broad network of 21 research projects and 44 individual research teams from 12 European countries forming the European Science Foundation EUROCORES programme ' Origin of Man , Language and Languages ' ( OMLL ) .
This highly interdisciplinary collaborative action brought together scientists from a wide range of disciplines including genetics , linguistics , anthropology , archaeology , neurophysiology or cognitive sciences .
Dr Eva Hoogland , EUROCORES coordinator for the cognitive sciences at the European Science Foundation said : " This study presents a very good example of the groundbreaking results that can be gained from an interdisciplinary environment .
Some questions , such as those concerning the interconnections between human cognition and culture , can only be addressed if scientists of varying backgrounds join forces .
As witnessed by this study , this opens up new avenues for research when it happens on a structural basis , by leading scientists from across Europe . "
This research was also supported with funding from the Natural Environment Research Council , the British Academy and Oxford University in the UK and the Max Planck Society in Germany .
Tags
The Federal Reserve is lying about the nation 's money supply ( M1 ) .
The current figure for money supply is being given as $ 1.6 trillion .
The actual number is $ 2.34 trillion .
The reported number is equivalent to an increase of 16 % over the past year .
The actual number is equivalent to an increase of 70 % over the past year .
This compares with the nation 's high money - supply increase of 16.9 % in 1986 .
Astute observers of the Federal Reserve have noticed that , since the large infusion of money of last autumn , the monetary base has exceeded the money supply :
Figure 1 reported monetary base ( $ 1.8 trillion )
Figure 2 reported money supply ( $ 1.6 trillion )
These figures are from Federal Reserve releases H - 6 and H - 3 .
However , the monetary base is a part of the money supply .
How can the part exceed the whole ?
( Money is created in 2 basic steps .
First , the Federal Reserve prints up paper money .
This is called special money and is usable by private banks as reserves .
It is treated in the system in the way gold used to be .
This money is measured by Federal Reserve credit , or Reserve Bank credit .
With a few adjustments , this becomes the monetary base , which can be thought of as the special money that is available to the banking system for the second step .
In the second step , the private banks create money in the form of demand , and other checkable , deposits .
They do this in the process of making loans .
Essentially , the nation 's money supply is cash — the special money — plus bank deposits . )
In pursuit of the answer to how the monetary base got to be bigger than the money supply itself , I called the St. Louis Federal Reserve , and they were good enough to send me the following reply :
Half of all transaction deposits do not appear in M1 [ the money supply ] due to retail deposit sweeping .
Adding these back into M1 causes M1 to be larger than the monetary base .
( In retail deposit sweeping , banks reclassify checkable deposits as savings deposits so as to reduce statutory reserve requirements .
Within certain legal bounds , such behavior is acceptable to the Fed .
Bank customers are unaware that such reclassification is occurring . )
Plus the FOMC has increased the Fed balance sheet to levels never before seen .
Banks are holding deposits at the Fed and not making a great deal of new loans ( they are making some , but it is a recession after all ) .
If the banks made new loans , that would generate more deposits to be included in M1 .
Transactions deposits are simply demand deposits plus other checkable deposits .
That is , they are total bank deposits and , as such , are an important part of the money supply .
Immediately prior to the crisis of last autumn and the massive creation of over one trillion dollars out of nothing by the Federal Reserve , total bank deposits were about 40 % of the money supply , with the monetary base as the other 60 % .
According to the St. Louis memo , half of these deposits are " swept , " that is , they are reclassified as time deposits .
( The memo did not say , but probably it is done overnight or over the weekend . )
This process of reclassifying bank demand deposits as time deposits is the fraudulent part of the new procedure .
Despite the fact that both are called deposits , time deposits are fundamentally different from demand deposits as follows :
A demand deposit is money given to a ( banking ) institution that does not earn interest and can be withdrawn by the person who gives it ( the depositor ) whenever he wants ( on demand ) .
A time deposit is money given to a ( banking ) institution that earns interest but cannot be withdrawn except after giving notice for a defined period of time ( usually 90 days ) .
A time deposit at a bank should be thought of as similar to a certificate of deposit .
You can't get your money out for a certain period of time , but while it is there , it earns you interest .
Because of these differences , economists , for many centuries , have classified demand deposits as money but have said that time deposits are not money .
A simple example will illustrate the point .
Money is that economic good which can be used to buy things .
Suppose you go to the store and see an item that you want .
If you pull out your checkbook , which is a demand deposit , it will be accepted as money .
But if you pull out your passbook to the savings account , then you will politely be told to take the passbook to the bank and get money for it .
The passbook is not money ( because of the time restriction on it ) , and you can not buy things with it .
Notice that the St. Louis memo tiptoes around the question of telling a depositor that he has a demand deposit while telling the rest of the country that he has a time deposit .
It states , " Within certain legal bounds , such behavior is acceptable to the Fed . "
Well , since the Fed is trying to lie to the American people , I imagine that it certainly would be acceptable .
The question is not whether the banks ' behavior is acceptable to the Fed ; the question is whether the Fed 's behavior is acceptable to the nation .
At least the memo is candid when it concludes , " Bank customers are unaware that such reclassification is occurring . "
According to the June 1 , 2009 , Federal Reserve release H - 6 ( table 3 ) , demand deposits plus other checkable deposits are equal to $ 740 billion .
But , according to the memo , this reported figure is only half of the real deposits .
Thus the true number for bank deposits is $ 1,480 billion .
Adding back the missing $ 740 billion gives us a money supply of $ 2.34 trillion ( 1.6 + .74 ) .
Calculating from the end of May 2008 to the end of May 2009 , the US money supply has grown from $ 1.37 trillion to $ 2.34 trillion .
This is an increase of 70 % .
To put this figure into context , the previous high one - year growth in US money supply was 16.9 % in 1986 .
The money supply figures for the late ' 70s , which gave us a 13.3 % rise in the consumer price index , were in the range of 8 % –9 % per year .
Barack Obama has projected a budget deficit for the coming year of $ 1.8 trillion .
( To be honest , it seems strange to me to be using the T - word . )
There is something that is not understood about budget deficits .
We are always told that this is bad because it is borrowing from the future and that our children will be responsible for our debts .
This , however , is an earlier - day lie .
No government in history has ever been able to borrow the money for any sizable spending program from the people .
The government 's deficits are simply too big and would overwhelm the credit markets of the nation .
What every government has done when it faces sizable deficits is to simply print the money .
If America is facing a $ 1.8 trillion deficit later this year , then it will probably print ( another ) trillion dollars to finance this .
And then , as a political reality , it will be impossible to significantly cut the deficit for the next year , and the year after , etc. , etc. , etc .
In this way , our children do not get poorer in the future .
We get poorer , here and now .
But we get poorer by having our dollars worth less .
We have a bigger quantity of dollars but a smaller quantity of goods .
This means printing of money ( the Fed prints the money and then " lends " it to the Treasury ) of $ 500 billion to $ 1 trillion addition to the money supply , each year for the next several years .
A few years down the road , we could easily be looking at a money supply of $ 4 trillion to $ 5 trillion ..
This is 3 – 4 times the level of a year ago .
Last year practically every newspaper in the country was telling you that the problem we faced was " deflation . "
That was a gigantic piece of propaganda designed to frighten you into holding cash .
Remember the flight to " safety " into T - bills and T - bonds ?
Most people fled from hard assets .
These are the victims .
They believed the propaganda of the establishment .
When the debris of our collapsing society starts to come down , they will be its victims .
Their assets will be " safe " in the US dollar as it loses its place as the world 's reserve currency .
Russell Downing slumped in the seat in the Candi TV van after winning the sprint and could hardly believe what he ’d done .
He has won other big sprints and other big races against some of the best in the peloton but this win was surely his biggest .
Not only because of how he did it , but what it could mean for his future .
“ It went with four kilometres to go .
I could hear Stuey ( O’Grady ) on the radio shouting at his man to go .
Saxo Bank had two there and I so jumped across to them .
After that it was it game over .
I think everyone was legless from gassing it on the climb ” he told Cycling Weekly .
“ The Joker rider got a run out of the corner and then Saxo Bank took it up .
I was second wheel and then one of their guys came over me as if he was leading him out .
I jumped on him but he died but I had the rhythm and so I just hit him from about 400 metres out .
I was trying to wait but I had the feeling the speed was there , so I went for it .
It was perfect . ”
A PLACE IN TEAM SKY IN 2010 ?
Many believe Downing deserves a place in Team Sky in 2010 .
He refuses to comment on his chances but Cycling Weekly understands there have been talks .
However the Team Sky management has yet to commit and sign him .
“ I ’ve been knocking on the doors for years now .
I was good here last year , I was good at the Tour of Britain and at the worlds .
I was bit peeved to still be racing in Britain this year but we ’ve had a good year .
It ’s a good reward for the team and for myself , ” is all Downing says .
His volcanic boss Phil Griffiths is not so diplomatic .
He was almost in tears in Waterford and punched the air after the finish .
It was a big win for Downing and big win for Griffiths ’ Canti TV team .
Griffiths called on Team Sky to sign Downing after he was the only Brit to finish the world road race championships last year in Varese .
Now he is even more convinced Downing deserves a place at Team Sky in 2010 .
“ Russell is world class .
He won a stage last year and was unlucky not to win overall .
Now Team
Sky better get their cheque book out , ” Griffiths said , sending a clear message to Dave Brailsford and Scott Sunderland .
Griffiths revealed that Downing has not been selected for the world championships and he is not happy about it .
“ He attended the recent training camp but they ’re giving him a rough ride at the moment .
At the start of the week he was dropped from the final 11 for the worlds .
If you get dropped from the worlds you do n’t make the Sky team , so I hope now they ’re going to really reconsider .
This guy is good .
But if he does n’t go to Sky , I ’ll get him a place somewhere else . ”
Cycling Weekly tried to contact both Dave Brailsford and Rod Ellingworth but both were not were not reachable to reply to Griffiths ’ comments on Friday evening after the stage .
A few days ago a local skeptic group here in Brooklyn organized a roundtable discussion on the concept of the paranormal .
We thought this was going to be a chat about what people mean by that term , how one goes about investigating alleged cases of paranormal happenings , and so on .
We were in for a surprise .
Turns out that a couple of real believers in the ghosts and the afterlife showed up , a somewhat rare opportunity to sit down with “ the other side ” and have a probing conversation to find out about what brings people to believe weird things .
“ The psychic told me things nobody could have known ” was one of the first refrains of the evening .
To which of course I immediately asked for examples of these allegedly unknowable things that the psychic somehow managed to know .
The person in question explained that the psychic had described her grandfather 's character in fairly precise ways , though she could n’t recall an example of any specific character attribute that was so unusual about her grandfather .
Moreover , it turns out that she had never actually known her grandfather , and that her conviction that the psychic got it right was based on her comparing notes taken at the time with a conversation she had a year later with her sister , who had known their grandfather ( presumably , as a child ) .
Hmmm , not exactly the sort of thing that would clinch a court case .
It got worse .
The husband of this nice woman ( himself a very nice man ) , said he absolutely knew that a dear friend of theirs who had died was still around , making his presence felt .
Naturally , I asked for an example of such an extraordinary happening .
“ Well , one day I felt like a flick behind my ear , and I just knew it was him . ”
That ’s it ?
No , there was more .
His wife one day had been given a penny and had felt a strange sensation in receiving it .
Upon turning it over , she discovered that the penny was made in the same year of their friend ’s birth .
How else would you explain such an extraordinary coincidence ?
At that point I trotted out the standard skeptical arguments .
I do n’t know exactly what happened in those cases , because I was not there and it is not possible to investigate the matter thoroughly enough after all this time .
Still , I suggested , you are making an extraordinary claim based on very scant evidence , and I can easily think of very ordinary explanations for what you just told me ( e.g. , I told them about the technique of “ cold reading ” by psychics , and another attendee talked about the confirmation bias of remembering hits and forgetting misses — to no avail ) .
“ But you ca n’t prove it is n’t so . ”
Right , I cannot , I replied , but you cannot prove that there are no unicorns in the universe either , and yet you probably do n’t believe in unicorns , or even seriously entertain the possibility of their existence .
In other words , one has to provide positive evidence when making a claim for the existence of a phenomenon ; relying on the fact that it ca n’t be disproved is setting the bar so low that pretty much anything would be able to jump over it .
At this point our paranormalist friends tried yet another common tactic : “ But Benjamin Franklin spent the last years of his life trying to get in touch with the dead , and he was a really smart man , so ... ”
I do n’t know enough about Benjamin ’s biography to actually comment on how he spent his last few years , though there certainly is evidence that he believed in an afterlife ( as do most people ) .
But of course the broader point can be defused by simple counterexamples : the astronomer Johannes Kepler was a really smart guy , and yet he believed in astrology .
Isaac Newton is considered one of the greatest scientists of all time , and yet he spent more time on alchemic experiments than on physics .
And so on and so forth .
We could turn this discussion into a serious debate about epistemology and standards of evidence , but this is n’t what it is all about .
We live in a country where a large number of people still do n’t believe President Obama is a citizen , despite his birth certificate having been broadcasted all over the airwaves and the internet .
On the other side of the political spectrum , plenty of liberals still believe that Bush and Cheney purposely caused 9/11 so that they could start their war on Iraq ( as if they actually needed an excuse ) .
No , the problem is that people want to feel special .
Being among the few who “ get ” that the government is conspiring against the nation , or that the 2008 election was a scam , makes some people feel better about the fact that they really have little or no control over such large events as wars and elections ( and indeed , even , largely , over their own lives ) .
At a more personal level , it was clear to me that our paranormalist friends really missed their dead friend , and naturally wanted to believe that he was still around , no matter how flimsy the evidence .
I understand , I feel that way about my grandparents too , and it is painful every time I dream of them ( which is often ) and am reminded that I will never see them again .
But what is the problem with people lowering their critical threshold that much in order to accept comfortable beliefs ?
I think there is a problem , which is why I started a second blog self - explanatorily entitled “ Gullibility is Bad for You . ”
At a societal level , we see the damage to our political discourse and social fabric that has been done by both the “ birthers ” and the 9/11 “ truthers . ”
At a personal level , people waste money , time and emotional energy in pursuit of a chimera , and are easily taken advantage of by unscrupulous ( or even well meaning but self - deluded ) “ medium ” and “ psychics .
” Still , it is really hard to tell someone that his beloved friend , or mother , or wife is gone , forever .
That the only thing that remains is the memories , and even those will only last as long as the people who ’ve met the person in question .
It ’s the perennial red pill vs. blue pill philosophical conundrum that Morpheus puts to Neo in “ The Matrix . ”
For my part , I have decided a long time ago to take the red pill .
But it is bitter .
ENROLLMENT INCREASE ENROLLMENT
INCREASE ENROLLMENT
BY STATE ENROLLMENT BY STATE
The number of seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage plans in 2009 , by residence : Source : Kaiser Family Foundation HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER WASHINGTON 
One of the largest spending cuts Congress could rely on to pay for an overhaul of the nation 's health care system comes from a Medicare program President Obama has called a " wasteful " subsidy for the health insurance industry .
Do n't tell that to cancer survivor Maurice Engleman , 82 , who says the controversial Medicare Advantage program — which allows seniors to buy Medicare coverage through private insurance companies — helped him beat cancer .
" There was a seamless link between the medical support and the emotional support , " said Engleman , who was diagnosed with tongue cancer last year within a week of his wife 's death .
" I do n't believe Medicare would have taken care of the kind of services I required . "
Debate over Medicare Advantage , which has 10.2 million enrollees — about one - fifth of all Medicare participants — illustrates a broader struggle Congress and Obama face as they look for ways to pay for a $ 1 trillion overhaul of health care without raising taxes on the middle class or compromising care .
HEALTH CARE DEBATE :
Share your story , view with our reporter
It has raised concerns among some seniors who might have to pay more for the program or enroll in regular Medicare instead .
A Gallup Poll last week found 20 % of Americans over 65 say an overhaul will improve their health care — the lowest showing of three age groups .
Medicare Advantage has its roots in the 1970s but was bolstered in 2003 in hopes that private companies could manage Medicare patients more efficiently .
Partly because it often has lower out - of - pocket costs than traditional Medicare , enrollment has nearly doubled over six years , according to a Kaiser Family Foundation report .
Critics , including Obama , say the plans offer lower premiums because insurance companies are subsidized by taxpayers at a rate 14 % higher per patient than regular Medicare .
Lawmakers initially set a higher reimbursement rate to draw private insurers into the program .
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office says eliminating the disparity would save $ 150 billion over 10 years .
At a recent virtual town hall meeting intended to quell seniors ' concerns , Obama said the cuts would not affect care .
He said the Medicare Advantage program amounted to " giveaways that boost insurance company profits but do n't make you any healthier . "
Congress is considering changing the reimbursement formula or , as Obama has proposed , increasing competition when private insurers bid for Medicare business .
" We 're overpaying plans that were basically promising greater competition , " said David Certner , legislative policy director for AARP , which supports cutting the added payment to Medicare Advantage .
" It 's not sustainable . "
Engleman , who came to Washington last month to press lawmakers on the issue , is enrolled in a Southern California medical group called Desert Oasis Healthcare .
The group , he said , uses case managers who check on patients to coordinate care and reduce hospital readmissions .
Robert Zirkelbach , a spokesman for America 's Health Insurance Plans , the insurance trade group , said seniors in the plans receive checkups and vision and drug coverage not offered in traditional Medicare .
Some get free gym memberships .
Cuts could lead to a " reduction in benefits and higher premiums , " he said .
But there are also downsides for seniors in the plans , said Judith Stein , executive director of the Center for Medicare Advocacy , a private , non -profit group .
Enrollees are often required to visit in - network physicians .
If they get sick away from home , care may not be covered .
" I would not let my mother join a private plan , " she said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Dr Anne Schuchat of the CDC says swine flu may worsen come autumn US health officials estimate that at least one million Americans have been infected with swine flu since the H1N1 virus emerged nearly three months ago .
The number is far higher than cases actually reported to the authorities .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) said many cases were mild , although 127 people had died .
The CDC based its figures on surveys , rather than laboratory evidence , but the numbers suggest the death rate from swine flu is lower than thought .
" We 're saying that there have been at least a million cases of the new H1N1 virus so far this year in the United States , " said Anne Schuchat of the CDC .
" Reported cases are really just the tip of the iceberg . "
The CDC has based its estimate on mathematical modelling , based on surveys by health officials .
If the figures are correct , it is reassuring news , because it indicates that the fatality rate from swine flu is even lower than thought , says BBC medical correspondent Fergus Walsh .
However , Dr Schuchat warned that swine flu might exhibit higher infection rates than seasonal flu and could return in a more virulent form in the autumn .
Argentina election According to the CDC , there have been 27,717 confirmed or probable cases ; some 3,000 people have needed hospital treatment and there have been 127 deaths .
Argentina 's hospitals are coming under pressure Swine flu continues to affect mainly people under 50 years of age , with many of those worst affected having underlying health problems such as asthma or diabetes .
The average age of those who died in the US is 37 .
Officials from the CDC and the World Health Organization are watching outbreaks in the southern hemisphere , in particular in Argentina , Chile and Australia , to see how the H1N1 virus has been spreading during the winter months and whether it is likely to become more virulent .
Argentina 's health ministry has registered 26 deaths attributed to swine flu , and 1,587 cases .
Officials are advising people to try to leave space between each other as they line up to vote in legislative elections on Sunday .
Chilean health authorities say there have been 6,211 cases and 12 deaths .
In Australia , there have been five swine - flu related deaths , all of patients with existing medical conditions , and 3,677 cases , according to official figures .
The H1N1 virus first emerged in April in Mexico , which has recorded 116 deaths and 8,279 cases , according to the WHO .
On 11 June , the WHO declared a global flu pandemic , meaning that swine flu virus was spreading in at least two regions of the world .
Officials stressed that this did not mean the virus was causing more severe illness or more deaths .
According to the latest figures from the WHO , there have been 263 deaths and nearly 60,000 cases in some 100 countries and territories .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light . "
George Washington
" For my part , whatever anguish of spirit it may cost , I am willing to know the whole truth ; to know the worst and provide for it . "
Patrick Henry
" It is error alone which needs the support of government .
Truth can stand by itself . "
Thomas Jefferson
" Half a truth is often a great lie . "
Benjamin Franklin
" I am a firm believer in the people .
If given the truth , they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis .
The great point is to bring them the real facts . "
Abraham Lincoln
As I survey what passes for governance in this country today , I yearn for the days past when truth meant something .
The supposedly " progressive " politicians who call themselves leaders of this country would not know truth if it dropped from heaven into their laps .
The men and women who fought for and founded this Republic were driven by the aspiration for liberty , justice and truth .
They fought to get out from under the tyranny of an arrogant , overbearing government and unjust taxation .
The Founders of this Republic believed in the truth .
Their actions were pure and true .
The definition of truth is :
Sincerity in action , character , and utterance
Is there anyone in Washington DC , besides Ron Paul , who is sincere in action , character , and utterance ?
Truth is no longer practiced in Washington DC .
Political agendas are forced upon American citizens through the exercise of lies , deception , half - truths , and fear tactics .
These agendas do n't bother to get bogged down in the truth .
That would make these agendas impossible to implement .
It is much easier to allow corporate lobbyists who have contributed millions to their political campaigns to write the bills , public relations firms to create the lies , and the mainstream media to spread misinformation and lies .
The interchangeable political parties pay in excess of $ 100 million per year to public relations firms .
The Pentagon spends $ 4.7 billion per year and employs 27,000 people just for recruitment , advertising and public relations .
The job of public relations firms is not to tell the truth .
The truth does n't need to be spun and massaged .
Only lies , untruths , and deceptions need to be spun .
The definition of lie is as follows :
To make an untrue statement with intent to deceive ;
To create a false or misleading impression
The country is being buffeted by a violent tempest and driven towards a jagged reef that will rip a fatal fissure in the hull of our ship of state .
As our ship flounders in violent seas driven by gale force winds , the weak pathetic excuses for leaders in our country , rather than lighten the load and reversing course , have chosen to increase our speed straight into the teeth of the cyclone .
The U.S. National Debt is $ 11.8 trillion .
Obama 's own projections show the National Debt reaching $ 21 trillion in 2019 .
This is before his proposed healthcare plan that Obama insists will not add one penny to the deficit .
It also assumes low interest rates for the next ten years .
Good luck with that projection .
It is laughable what slimy politicians will promise to Americans with a straight face .
In February 2009 , Obama conducted a brilliant Orwellian named , Summit on Fiscal Responsibility .
After ramming a pork filled $ 787 billion stimulus package down the throats of Americans , which will drive the 2009 budget deficit to $ 1.8 trillion from $ 438 billion in 2008 , Mr. Obama stood in front of the American people and stated ,
" If we confront this crisis without also confronting the deficits that helped cause it , we risk sinking into another crisis down the road .
We cannot and will not sustain deficits like these without end .
Today I 'm pledging to cut the deficit we inherited by half by the end of my first term in office . "
Mr. Obama 's idea of fiscal restraint is to increase the annual deficit from $ 438 billion to $ 1.8 TRILLION , conduct a fiscal summit promising to " cut " the annual deficit to $ 600 billion by 2013 , and proclaim his own fiscal responsibility .
The gall of Obama and his minions is beyond comprehension .
He deliberately can make contemptible assertions because he has unwavering confidence in the gullibility and ignorance of the American public .
He knows that 70 % of Americans do n't know the difference between the Deficit and the National Debt .
Heaven from Hell
So , so you think you can tell
Heaven from Hell ,
Blue skies from pain .
Can you tell a green field
From a cold steel rail ?
A smile from a veil ?
Do you think you can tell – Pink Floyd Wish You Were Here
Can you tell heaven from hell ?
Pink Floyd 's lyrics reflect the alienation that engulfs our nation today .
Americans have become alienated from their government .
The 535 elected officials in Washington DC no longer represent the people .
They represent the entrenched special interests .
Do you think you can tell the truth from a lie ?
Both Democrats & Republicans manipulate public opinion and rely on the extremists and fanatical elements of their parties to spout their lying rhetoric .
When their lies are revealed , they just deny the facts or change the story .
I wish George Orwell were alive to see how his condemnation of the Soviet Union manipulation of language and oppression tactics have been perfected by American politicians .
" The point is that we are all capable of believing things which we know to be untrue , and then , when we are finally proved wrong , impudently twisting the facts so as to show that we were right .
Intellectually , it is possible to carry on this process for an indefinite time : the only check on it is that sooner or later a false belief bumps up against solid reality , usually on a battlefield . "
George Orwell
Examples of Orwell 's untruths and twisting of facts have been many in the past two decades :
On Sept. 8 , 1992 Bill Clinton said , " The only people who will pay more income taxes are the wealthiest 2 percent , those living in households making over $ 200,000 a year . "
According to the NYT , Clinton 's budget raised taxes on people making $ 20,000 .
Bob Woodward , in his book The Agenda , revealed , " While Clinton continued to defend his middle - class tax cut publicly , he privately expressed the view to his advisers that it was intellectually dishonest . "
In other words , a lie .
Bill Clinton 's best lie ever was , " But I want to say one thing to the American people .
I want you to listen to me .
I 'm going to say this again : I did not have sexual relations with that woman , Miss Lewinsky .
I never told anybody to lie , not a single time ; never .
These allegations are false .
And I need to go back to work for the American people . "
The next morning Hillary Clinton declared , " The great story here for anybody willing to find it , write about it and explain it is this vast right - wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president . "
Bill had sex with Lewinsky in the White House nine times .
It apparently was n't a right wing conspiracy .
On the David Brinkley show in 1996 , Al Gore stated , " The debt , which was just ballooning out of control under the previous two administrations , has now been cut by 60 percent . "
According to statistics released in February , 1996 by Clinton 's own Office of Management and Budget , the gross federal debt for fiscal year 1992 was $ 4.002 trillion .
By fiscal year 1995 it had " ballooned " to $ 4.921 trillion — an increase of 23 percent .
Al was never good at math .
He was always gazing out the classroom window at the clouds , the trees , and the ozone layer .
" I believe it is appropriate to have an ' over - representation ' of the facts on how dangerous it is , as a predicate for opening up the audience . "
These are the words of Green Guru Al Gore , as his rationale for lying about the threat of global warming .
Hillary Clinton described her trip to Bosnia during the Presidential primaries as , " I remember landing under sniper fire . "
Videotape of the arrival show her strolling off the plane in a leisurely manner .
Her response was an Orwellian masterpiece .
" I did misspeak the other day .
This has been a very long campaign .
Occasionally , I am a human being like everybody else ….
I have written about it in my book and talked about it on many other occasions and last week , you know , for the first time in 12 or so years I misspoke . "
On March 25 , 2004 President Bush stated " Had I known that the enemy was going to use airplanes to strike America , to attack us .
I would have used very resource , every asset , every power of this government to protect the American people . "
Bush received an August 6 , 2001 CIA memo entitled " Bin Laden Determined to Strike in U.S. " which mentioned bin Laden 's desire and capability to strike the US possibly using hijacked airplanes .
The CIA warned that bin Laden will launch an attack against the US and / or Israel in the coming weeks that " will be spectacular and designed to inflict mass casualties against US facilities or interests .
" The President lied because the truth would have made him look like a fool whose disregard for intelligence led to the deaths of 2,974 Americans .
Dick Cheney takes every opportunity to go on TV and proclaim that he kept America safe since 9/11 with his Gestapo like tactics .
Not good enough Dick .
Three thousand Americans died on your watch Dick .
You knew who , what , how and when and you did nothing Dick .
You are an incompetent , lying fool .
" This man poses a much graver threat than anybody could have possibly imagined .
The Iraqi regime is a threat of unique urgency .
. . .
It has developed weapons of mass death . "
President Bush spoke these immortal words in September 2002 .
When a President uses words like grave , threat and death , you would think we are about to be attacked .
These statements were untrue .
Only after the fact , did Bush and his neo -con cronies " adjust " the facts to support their attack of a sovereign country .
Democracy in the Middle East anyone ?
" We had intelligence reporting before the war that there were at least seven of these mobile labs that he had gone out and acquired .
We 've , since the war , found two of them .
They 're in our possession today , mobile biological facilities that can be used to produce anthrax or smallpox or whatever else you wanted to use during the course of developing the capacity for an attack . "
Dick Cheney will go to his grave lying to the American public .
He told Meet the Press in September , 2003 that we had found biological facilities .
This was a lie .
The CIA 's Duelfer 's Report Iraq concluded that Iraq HAD NO WMD's and unilaterally destroyed its undeclared chemical weapons stockpile in 1991 .
There are no credible indications that Baghdad resumed production of chemical munitions thereafter .
In spite of exhaustive investigation , ISG found no evidence that Iraq possessed , or was developing Biological warfare agent product systems mounted on road vehicles or railway wagons . "
In February 2003 , a few weeks before the Iraq invasion began , then - Army Chief of Staff Gen. Eric Shinseki told Congress that " Something on the order of several hundred thousand soldiers … would be required " to stabilize postwar Iraq .
Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz rejected this claim , insisting that he was " reasonably certain that they [ the Iraqis ] will greet us as liberators , and that will help us to keep [ troop ] requirements down . "
Rumsfeld shared Wolfowitz 's optimism .
Rumsfeld said the post - war troop commitment would be less than the number of troops required to win the war .
He also said " the idea that it would take several hundred thousand U.S. forces , I think , is far from the mark . "
It would have been highly inconvenient to tell the truth right before the invasion .
It was much easier to have Shinseki " retire " .
" We are finding terrorists and bringing them to justice .
We are gathering information about where the terrorists may be hiding .
We are trying to disrupt their plots and plans .
Anything we do … to that end in this effort , any activity we conduct , is within the law .
We do not torture . "
It appears that President Bush 's definition of torture differs from the United Nations convention on torture signed by Ronald Reagan :
For the purposes of this Convention , the term " torture " means any act by which severe pain or suffering , whether physical or mental , is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a confession , punishing him for an act he or a third person has committed or is suspected of having committed , or intimidating or coercing him or a third person , or for any reason based on discrimination of any kind , when such pain or suffering is inflicted by or at the instigation of or with the consent or acquiescence of a public official or other person acting in an official capacity .
It does not include pain or suffering arising only from , inherent in or incidental to lawful sanctions .
Bush and Cheney contend that water - boarding was not torture .
Post World War II war crimes tribunalsfound that Japanese soldiers engaging in water - boarding and the officers who approved it were guilty of war crimes .
The ends do not justify the means .
The Bush administration sold its Medicare prescription drug plan to conservatives in Congress as having a cost of $ 400 billion over ten years , enabling it to narrowly win passage in December 2003 .
The White House knew the costs were $ 551 billion – more than 25 % higher .
The administration threatened to fire Medicare 's top financial analyst ( Richard Foster ) if he released the information .
Two months after the President signed the law , the administration revised its costs estimates to $ 534 billion .
Our fiscally responsible President also failed to mention that his new plan created an $ 8 TRILLION unfunded liability , larger than the Social Security unfunded liability .
" So I analyzed that and decided I did n't want to be the president during a depression greater than the Great Depression , or the beginning of a depression greater than the Great Depression .
I 've abandoned free market principles to save the free market system . "
These remarks by George Bush in December 2008 prove that he is either a fool , a coward , or a liar .
Take your choice .
" When there is a bill that ends up on my desk as the president , you the public will have five days to look online and find out what 's in it before I sign it . "
President Obama made this promise during the campaign .
I do not recall having the opportunity to peruse the $ 787 billion stimulus bill online before Barack put his John Hancock on this pork filled travesty .
Hundreds of " crucial projects " were added at 3:00 am the morning it was passed .
This is what passes for transparency in Washington DC .
" I am in this race to tell the corporate lobbyists that their days of setting the agenda in Washington are over .
I have done more than any other candidate in this race to take on lobbyists and won .
They have not funded my campaign , they will not run my White House , and they will not drown out the voices of the American people when I am president . "
This is quite an amusing campaign " promise " , considering there are 15,000 lobbyists crawling around Washington DC like cockroaches spending $ 3.3 billion " not influencing " our honorable members of Congress .
The truth is that lobbyists wrote the $ 787 billion stimulus bill .
The voices of the American people were 10 to 1 against the bill .
President Obama issued a 14 page report on January 11 , 2009 geared to sell his $ 787 billion stimulus plan .
The report promised to CREATE ( not create or save ) 3,675,000 jobs in the next two years .
He declared that if his package was not passed it would be catastrophe for the country , with 2 million more job losses and double digit unemployment .
According to the BLS , there were 11.6 million Americans unemployed in January 2009 .
At the end of August , there were 14.9 million Americans unemployed .
By my math , that is 3.3 million job losses since the stimulus package was rammed down our throats using fear tactics and lies .
Of course , Barack the Magnificent has recently stated , " We began by passing a Recovery Act that has already saved or created over 150,000 jobs and provided a tax cut to 95 % of all working families . "
He must subscribe to the Joseph Goebbels School of Lying Journal .
The bigger the lie , the more likely the masses are to believe it .
I 'll be waiting for Obama to post the results on his website .
He only needs to create 7 million jobs in the next 16 months .
" I happen to be a proponent of single - payer universal healthcare coverage .
That 's what I 'd like to see . "
These were Barack Obama 's words while campaigning for Senate in 2003 .
At the 2008 Presidential debate , Obama stated : " I never said that we should try to go ahead and get single - payer ( healthcare ) . "
I wonder what he believes now .
Obama makes the following declarations regarding his healthcare plan :
No one will be compelled to buy coverage .
No new taxes on employer benefits .
Government can control rising health care costs better than the private sector .
A public plan wo n't be a Trojan horse for a single - payer monopoly .
Patients do n't have to fear rationing .
Barack is counting on the American public to be fooled by his weasel word " compelled " .
His plan wo n't compel individuals .
It will compel companies to dump private coverage for their employees , therefore forcing them into the government option .
Obama will tax insurance companies , which will pass this along to consumers .
Sounds like a middle class tax increase to me .
Please provide me one example of Government controlling any cost better than the private sector .
The Democrats have openly stated they will use the trigger as a Trojan horse to achieve their single payer goal .
You cannot open up healthcare to millions and reduce costs without rationing care .
Lead Role in a Cage
Did they get you to trade
Your heroes for ghosts ?
Hot ashes for trees ?
Hot air for a cool breeze ?
Cold comfort for change ?
Did you exchange
A walk on part in the war ,
For a lead role in a cage ?
– Pink Floyd Wish You Were Here
The American people have imperceptibly traded liberty , freedom and self - determination for safety , security , and protection by their government Like a frog being slowly boiled alive .
They want their government to lie to them .
It is easier to not face our intractable problems .
Politicians that promise more benefits with no sacrifice are elected over and over again .
Anyone attempting to get elected on a platform of reduced benefits , shared sacrifice , and truthful revelations about our fiscal situation is DOA .
Americans prefer simple wrong solutions to difficult realistic solutions , talking points to real debate , material comfort to getting involved in governance .
The ruling elite in Washington , on Wall Street and in the mainstream media encourage this behavior by Americans because it allows them to preserve their power .
By choosing comfort over truth , we have exchanged a part in the war for a lead role in a cage .
In the end these choices will lead to despair .
" If you look for truth , you may find comfort in the end ; if you look for comfort you will not get either comfort or truth only soft soap and wishful thinking to begin , and in the end , despair . "
C.S. Lewis
President Obama 's speech on his healthcare plan last week was a masterful example of Orwellian doublespeak , lies and language manipulation .
The American public was buried under a blizzard of lies .
Joe Wilson was the only person in the Congressional Chamber with the courage to call a lie a lie .
The mainstream media blathered about the institution and respect for the Presidency .
Respect is not a right , it must be earned .
Based on my analysis , the Presidency deserves no respect .
Liars , knaves , and hypocrites do not deserve respect , esteem or reverence .
Obama 's words speak for themselves .
" We are the only democracy — the only advanced democracy on Earth — the only wealthy nation — that allows such hardship for millions of its people .
There are now more than 30 million American citizens who cannot get coverage . "
For the last six months Obama and his faithful socialist soldiers have spouted the mantra that there are 47 million uninsured Americans .
Were they lying then or are they lying now ?
" Then there 's the problem of rising cost .
It 's why so many aspiring entrepreneurs cannot afford to open a business in the first place , and why American businesses that compete internationally — like our automakers — are at a huge disadvantage . "
The automakers are not at a huge disadvantage internationally because of healthcare costs .
They are at a disadvantage internationally because management signed awful union contracts that obligated them to make bigger payments to retirees than to current employees .
The union workers had such rich benefits , it bankrupted GM and Chrysler .
It would also have helped if they did n't make crappy cars .
" Finally , our health care system is placing an unsustainable burden on taxpayers .
When health care costs grow at the rate they have , it puts greater pressure on programs like Medicare and Medicaid .
If we do nothing to slow these skyrocketing costs , we will eventually be spending more on Medicare and Medicaid than every other government program combined .
Put simply , our health care problem is our deficit problem .
Nothing else even comes close .
Nothing else . "
Mr. Obama evidently has n't read his own government reports that show Medicare and Social Security already have $ 107 TRILLION of unfunded liabilities .
Does he honestly believe that he will solve our deficit problem with a new government program ?
Both Medicare and Medicaid were Democrat created social programs passed and signed by LBJ .
They are government run programs that are bankrupt and horribly inefficient , wasteful and inept .
The unsustainable burden on taxpayers was created and expanded by the Democratic Party .
Obama 's solution is to create another government run healthcare bureaucracy .
Social Security & Medicare Unfunded Liabilities ( Trillions of dollars ) 2008 2009 Social Security $ 15.8 $ 17.5 Medicare Part A $ 34.7 $ 36.7 Medicare Part B $ 34.0 $ 37.0 Medicare Part D $ 17.2 $ 15.6 Total $ 101.7 $ 106.8 Source : 2009 Trustee Report
" Nothing in our plan requires you to change what you have .
But an additional step we can take to keep insurance companies honest is by making a not - for - profit public option available in the insurance exchange .
Now , let me be clear .
Let me be clear .
It would only be an option for those who do n't have insurance .
No one would be forced to choose it , and it would not impact those of you who already have insurance . "
More brilliant Orwellian rhetoric .
The government option will be priced well under for - profit insurance companies because government does n't have to make a profit .
They just borrow from the Chinese .
Employers will start to drop coverage for employees , therefore forcing millions into the public option .
Exactly what Obama wants to happen .
" There are also those who claim that our reform efforts would insure illegal immigrants .
This , too , is false .
The reforms — the reforms I 'm proposing would not apply to those who are here illegally . "
Since these people are here illegally , theywill not go into any insurance plan sincethey do n't exist as far as the government knows .
I guess they wo n't get sick .
When they go to an emergency room , they will be treated .
Who will pay ?
You and I will pay .
Therefore , illegal immigrants will be covered .
" And here 's what you need to know .
First , I will not sign a plan that adds one dime to our deficits — either now or in the future .
I will not sign it if it adds one dime to the deficit , now or in the future , period . "
This quote has the potential to be Obama 's Read My Lips moment .
Every bill floated thus far adds trillions to the National Debt .
The only way that he could keep this promise would be if he increases taxes on the middle class .
But , he can't do that because he has promised to not increase taxes on the middle class .
He is caught like a fly in his own web of lies .
I bet he will sign a bill that adds a few billion dimes to the National Debt .
He 'll worry about how to lie his way out of that predicament when the time comes .
His contempt for the intelligence of the American people is staggering .
President Obama and the Democrats will pass a healthcare bill this year .
His presidency depends on it .
It does n't matter if it is a good bill .
Any bill will do .
The politicians must do something , just as they have always done .
That is why we have an $ 11.8 billion National Debt .
" A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures . "
Daniel Webster
Swimming in a Fish Bowl
How I wish , how I wish you were here .
We 're just two lost souls
Swimming in a fish bowl ,
Year after year ,
Running over the same old ground .
What have we found
The same old fears .
Wish you were here .
– Pink Floyd Wish You Were Here
As we continue to run over the same ground , year after year , we have allowed fear to rule the day .
We have chosen to be enslaved by debt in order to live like the rich .
Half of the children that enter public high schools either drop out or graduate as functionally illiterate .
The government has used fear of foreign bogie - men to convince Americans to give up their liberty .
Despite having the largest most powerful military on the face of the earth by a factor of ten , somehow our leaders always seem threatened by some two bit nation .
As I swim in this fishbowl called The United States of America , I wish there were some true statesmen among us .
The people who pass for leaders today seem so small in stature in comparison to the wise patriots of yesteryear .
" I believe that it is better to tell the truth than a lie .
I believe it is better to be free than to be a slave .
And I believe it is better to know than to be ignorant . "
H.L. Mencken
" The truth is incontrovertible , malice may attack it , ignorance may deride it , but in the end ; there it is . "
Winston Churchill
" It is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to the provisions against danger , real or pretended , from abroad . "
James Madison
The worst lies are the lies we tell ourselves .
In 1900 government spending as a percentage of GDP was 7 % .
Today it is approaching 40 % .
Americans chose to let this happen .
We allowed Congress to create the Federal Reserve and institute the Personal Income Tax in 1913 .
Excluding the spikes during WWI and WWII , the government has methodically commandeered a greater and greater slice of the U.S. economy .
Government can only grow through the seizing of taxes from its citizens and the printing of money by the Federal Reserve .
You may notice that government spending surged from 10 % of GDP to 22 % during the 1930's without bringing the country out of the Great Depression .
The current Keynesian attempts to cure our economic disease will also fail .
As the government acquires more authority over our lives by snatching the reins of our financial system , our education system , our auto industry , our healthcare system and ultimately every aspect of our lives , we will sink further into despair as government always expands and in the end becomes totalitarian in its methods .
As I watched some of the Sunday talk shows this weekend , I had to laugh at the fools who pass for journalists today .
The outrage over Joe Wilson calling the President a liar because he was lying shows how trite and shallow these nattering nabobs have become .
Four U.S. Presidents have been murdered in office for their views .
Let 's have some perspective people .
As I watched Sam ( worst toupee in history ) Donaldson , Cokie Roberts , and David Brooks heap scorn and ridicule on the thousands of concerned middle class Americans marching on the Mall in Washington , while applauding Ben Bernanke , Hank Paulson and Timmy Geithner for saving the world by printing money , I realized that the existing political and financial system will have to be brought down before we have any chance to regain our liberty in this country .
The power of the Washington / Wall Street / Media elite is immense .
We will not get the truth from these people .
We must turn to the past for our wisdom and truth :
" I am sorry to think that you do not get a man 's most effective criticism until you provoke him .
Severe truth is expressed with some bitterness . "
Henry David Thoreau
" Stand upright , speak thy thoughts , declare
The truth thou hast , that all may share ;
Be bold , proclaim it everywhere :
They only live who dare . "
– Voltaire
Great is truth , but still greater , from a practical point of view , is silence about truth .
By simply not mentioning certain subjects … totalitarian propagandists have influenced opinion much more effectively than they could have by the most eloquent denunciations .
Aldous Huxley
" Truth is by nature self - evident .
As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it , it shines clear . "
Mohandas Gandhi
Only the old guard , still protecting their special interests , will continue to call for civility and compromise .
The time for compromise has passed .
The time for severe truth is upon us .
Those in power never see the inevitable turning of the national mood .
A storm is gathering .
Those who choose not to prepare will be swept away .
It is time for all people of good conscience to stand up and be heard .
It is time to be bold .
It is time to proclaim the truth .
The alternative is to buckle under to the totalitarian propagandists and allow this country to be smothered under the weight of debt and government control .
Truth is self evident .
Let it shine upon on this country once again .
Join me at www.TheBurningPlatform.com to discuss truth and the future of our country .
Turkey 's football authorities were at the centre of a growing scandal this week after a referee they had sacked for homosexuality and outed to the press began fighting back in the courts and the press .
" They thought I was an ant that they could crush , they thought I would run away and hide in a corner , " Halil Ibrahim Dincdag said .
" But they have destroyed my life and I will fight them to the end . "
Mr Dincdag , 33 , from Trabzon , had been refereeing in the local league for 13 years when he was informed this May that his licence would not be renewed .
Two days after he appealed his dismissal to the football federation , stories about him began appearing in the national press .
As a result he was sacked by the local radio station he worked on and forced to flee to Istanbul to spare his family from an influx of journalists .
It was at this point that he decided to come out as gay , while appearing on a popular television sports programme .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" The day the press started writing about me , I went into a coma , and the day I appeared on TV I died , " he said in his lawyer 's office .
" Thirty - three years of my life had disappeared .
Since then , I have been trying to resurrect myself . "
Mr Dincdag 's television appearance was an act of considerable courage .
Homosexuality is not illegal in Turkey , unlike in some other Muslim countries .
But homophobia is widespread , no - where more so than in the world of football .
" The crowds shout ' faggot ' at referees whose decisions they do n't like , " Mr Dincdag said .
" Well , here I am . "
His principled stance brought him a wave of support .
Three - quarters of Trabzon 's 80 referees rang him up to congratulate him .
Thirty thousand people signed a petition launched by Turkey 's most influential newspaper backing his campaign .
One columnist even compared him to Harvey Milk , America 's first openly gay politician .
Turkey 's deputies brought his case to parliament .
Most importantly for Mr Dincdag , his pious family , from whom he had kept his homosexuality secret , stood behind him .
Caught off balance by the outcry , Turkey 's football federation began back - pedalling fast .
Its vice - president Lutfi Aribogan said Mr Dincdag 's sacking had nothing to do with his sexuality and everything to do with his lack of " talent " .
The head of the referee 's board then said the door remained open for Mr Dincdag to return to the fold , insisting that it was Mr Dincdag 's lawyer , not the federation , that had leaked his name to the press .
" Do they have no fear of God , " Mr Dincdag asked , pointing to a sheaf of match reports dating back a decade that show him to have ranked among the best local referees .
" I 've already gone to the courts over this , and I 'll go all the way to Europe if necessary . "
Empowered by Turkey 's European Union accession bid , the Turkish gay and lesbian rights lobby has become increasingly outspoken over the past decade .
Activists say Mr Dincdag 's fight for his rights has the potential to become a landmark case .
" For years , the European Union has been talking about the importance of legislation on sexual discrimination in the workplace , " said Ali Erol , a spokesman for KAOS - GL , an Ankara - based gay and lesbian rights group .
" So far Turkey has not taken one step forward . "
Old - fashioned views of homosexuality remain widespread .
Speaking on television shortly after Mr Dincdag came out , Turkey 's most popular football commentator Erman Toroglu , himself a former referee , said he did n't think the 33 - year old should be given his job back .
" I reckon [ homosexual referees ] would have a tendency to give more penalties to good - looking , tough footballers , " he said .
Mr Dincdag 's eyes glaze over with anger at the recollection .
" Does Toroglu assault every pretty girl he passes in the street ? "
[ H/t Heather ]
Al Franken does n't have to crack another joke for the rest of his life , and he 'll still be providing us with a bottomless parade of high comedy -- inadvertently , as it were , in the form of right - wing pundits pitching themselves into a downright frenzy over his election to the Senate .
Especially Bill O'Reilly .
He was on vacation last week when the news came down , so last night he had the chance to finally weigh in , and he did :
O'Reilly : Check one :
In a sad day for America , Al Franken is now a U.S. senator .
The Minnesota Supreme Court ruled he won the election by about 300 votes .
Franken is a blatantly dishonest individual , a far - left zealot who is not qualified to hold any office , a man who trafficked in hate on his failed Air America radio program .
If you want proof , check out Page 96 in my book Culture Warrior .
With people like Franken on the Hill , this country is in deep trouble .
Stephen Colbert need n't parodize this one .
It 's already self - parody .
Of course , all this stirs up fond memories .
Like the 2003 BookWorld Expo in Los Angeles :
And who can forget Fox v. Franken ?
Ah , good times , good times .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 27/9/2009 ( 4020 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
FORMER Winnipeg mayor Glen Murray might want to be mayor of Toronto .
News reports over the weekend floated Murray 's name as a possible candidate , and Shirley Muir , Murray 's Winnipeg spokeswoman , confirmed Sunday night that Murray may make a bid to replace David Miller .
Glen Murray : Next mayor of Toronto ?
Miller announced last week he was n't going to seek a third term as the boss of Canada 's largest city .
" Glen has been approached by many people to run for mayor of Toronto , but has not made any decision yet , " Muir said .
Sunday night , Murray 's Facebook status suggested a campaign was top - of - mind .
" Thinking about the run for mayor , " Murray wrote .
" My horoscope today was too funny : ' You have set yourself an enormous challenge , but there is no need to back down from it .
With grace and aplomb , you will disappoint your detractors by achieving victory . ' "
Earlier this year , in Winnipeg 's gay magazine Outwords , Murray suggested he wanted to return to Winnipeg one day to run for federal office , though he did n't have his eye on a specific seat .
Five years ago , Murray resigned the mayor 's chair and ran for the federal Liberals in Charleswood .
He lost to Tory MP Steven Fletcher and moved to Toronto soon after .
Since then , Murray has chaired the National Round Table on the Environment and Economy and lectured at the University of Toronto 's Massey College .
He is currently the president and CEO of the Canadian Urban Institute .
11 April , 2009 — RickB
And that ’s the figures for Pakistan , apparently the Afghan Ambassador to the US commenting on drone attacks in his country thinks -
“ This is a price that we have to pay if we want security and stability in Afghanistan , the region and the world , ” he said in Washington on Friday .
I would submit that any force / administration that is killing 49 civilians for every 1 enemy target is practising a very basic and obvious terrorism and is undeserving of support .
There are no good possible ends from these means .
( ht2 Chris Floyd )
Full report on the Pakistan deaths -
60 drone hits kill 14 al - Qaeda men , 687 civilians
Friday , April 10 , 2009
By Amir Mir
LAHORE : Of the 60 cross - border predator strikes carried out by the Afghanistan - based American drones in Pakistan between January 14 , 2006 and April 8 , 2009 , only 10 were able to hit their actual targets , killing 14 wanted al - Qaeda leaders , besides perishing 687 innocent Pakistani civilians .
The success percentage of the US predator strikes thus comes to not more than six per cent .
Figures compiled by the Pakistani authorities show that a total of 701 people , including 14 al - Qaeda leaders , have been killed since January 2006 in 60 American predator attacks targeting the tribal areas of Pakistan .
Two strikes carried out in 2006 had killed 98 civilians while three attacks conducted in 2007 had slain 66 Pakistanis , yet none of the wanted al - Qaeda or Taliban leaders could be hit by the Americans right on target .
However , of the 50 drone attacks carried out between January 29 , 2008 and April 8 , 2009 , 10 hit their targets and killed 14 wanted al - Qaeda operatives .
Most of these attacks were carried out on the basis of intelligence believed to have been provided by the Pakistani and Afghan tribesmen who had been spying for the US - led allied forces stationed in Afghanistan .
The remaining 50 drone attacks went wrong due to faulty intelligence information , killing hundreds of innocent civilians , including women and children .
The number of the Pakistani civilians killed in those 50 attacks stood at 537 , in which 385 people lost their lives in 2008 and 152 people were slain in the first 99 days of 2009 ( between January 1 and April 8 ) .
Of the 50 drone attacks , targeting the Pakistani tribal areas since January 2008 , 36 were carried out in 2008 and 14 were conducted in the first 99 days of 2009 .
Of the 14 attacks targeting Pakistan in 2009 , three were carried out in January , killing 30 people , two in February killing 55 people , five in March killing 36 people and four were conducted in the first nine days of April , killing 31 people .
Of the 14 strikes carried out in the first 99 days of April 2009 , only one proved successful , killing two most wanted senior al - Qaeda leaders – Osama al Kini and Sheikh Ahmed Salim Swedan .
Both had lost their lives in a New Year ’s Day drone strike carried out in the South Waziristan region on January 1 , 2009 .
Kini was believed to be the chief operational commander of al - Qaeda in Pakistan and had replaced Abu Faraj Al Libi after his arrest from Bannu in 2004 .
Both men were behind the 1998 bombings of the US embassies in Dares Salaam , Tanzania , and Nairobi , Kenya , which killed 224 civilians and wounded more than 5,000 others .
There were 36 recorded cross - border US predator strikes inside Pakistan during 2008 , of which 29 took place after August 31 , 2008 , killing 385 people .
However , only nine of the 36 strikes hit their actual targets , killing 12 wanted al - Qaeda leaders .
The first successful predator strike had killed Abu Laith al Libi , a senior military commander of al - Qaeda who was targeted in North Waziristan on January 29 , 2008 .
The second successful attack in Bajaur had killed Abu Sulayman Jazairi , al - Qaeda ’s external operations chief , on March 14 , 2008 .
The third attack in South Waziristan on July 28 , 2008 , had killed Abu Khabab al Masri , al - Qaeda ’s weapons of mass destruction chief .
The fourth successful attack in South Waziristan on August 13 , 2008 , had killed al - Qaeda leader Abdur Rehman .
The fifth predator strike carried out in North Waziristan near Miranshah on Sept 8 , 2008 had killed three al - Qaeda leaders , Abu Haris , Abu Hamza , and Zain Ul Abu Qasim .
The sixth successful predator hit in the South Waziristan region on October 2008 had killed Khalid Habib , a key leader of al - Qaeda ’s paramilitary Shadow Army .
The seventh such attack conducted in North Waziristan on October 31 , 2008 had killed Abu Jihad al Masri , a top leader of the Egyptian Islamic group .
The eighth successful predator strike had killed al - Qaeda leader Abdullah Azzam al Saudi in east of North Waziristan on November 19 , 2008 .
The ninth and the last successful drone attack of 2008 , carried out in the Ali Khel region just outside Miramshah in North Waziristan on November 22 , 2008 , had killed al - Qaeda leader Abu Zubair al Masri and his Pakistani fugitive accomplice Rashid Rauf .
According to the figures compiled by the Pakistani authorities , a total of 537 people have been killed in 50 incidents of cross - border US predator strikes since January 1 , 2008 to April 8 , 2009 , averaging 34 killings per month and 11 killings per attack .
The average per month killings in predator strikes during 12 months of 2008 stood at 32 while the average per attack killings in the 36 drone strikes for the same year stood at 11 .
Similarly , 152 people have been killed in 14 incidents of cross - border predator attacks in the tribal areas in the first 99 days of 2009 , averaging 38 killings per month and 11 killings per attack .
Since September 3 , 2008 , it appears that the Americans have upped their attacks in Pakistani tribal areas in a bid to disrupt the al - Qaeda and the Taliban network , which they allege is being used to launch cross border ambushes against the Nato forces in Afghanistan .
The American forces stationed in Afghanistan carried out nine aerial strikes between September 3 and September 25 , 2008 , killing 57 people and injuring 38 others .
The attacks were launched on September 3 , 4 , 5 , 8 , 12 , 15 , 17 , 22 and September 27 .
However , the September 3 , 2008 American action was unique in the sense that two CH - 47 Chinook transport helicopters landed in the village of Zawlolai in the South Waziristan Agency with ground troops from the US Special Operation Forces , fired at three houses and killed 17 , including five women and four sleeping children .
Besides the two helicopters carrying the US Special Forces Commandos , two jet fighters and two gun-ship helicopters provided the air cover for the half - an - hour American operation , more than a kilometre inside the Pakistani border .
The last predator strike on [ April 8 , 2009 ] was carried out hardly a few hours after the Pakistani authorities had rejected an American proposal for joint operations in the tribal areas against terrorism and militancy , as differences of opinion between the two countries over various aspects of the war on terror came out into the open for the first time .
The proposal came from two top US visiting officials , presidential envoy for the South Asia Richard Holbrooke and Chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen .
However , the Pakistani military and political leadership reportedly rejected the proposal and adopted a tough posture against a barrage of increasing US predator strikes and criticism emanating from Washington , targeting the Pakistan Army and the Inter Services Intelligence ( ISI ) and creating doubts about their sincerity in the war on terror and the fight against al - Qaeda and Taliban .
Uncovered : The Truth Behind the AT&T 4 chan- Block
Earlier this week I wrote about how AT&T suddenly started blocking the infamous imageboard 4 chan.org for its 40 - 60 million customers .
A mere 15 - 16 hours later the ban was suddenly , and mysteriously lifted – with little explanation from AT&T itself , save for a short and apologetic statement to TechCrunch .
News quickly spread , and Mashable and several other media reported « Ceasefire declared » , effectively sparing AT&T from the wratch of the Internet Hate Machine .
Even though the matter was quickly resolved , one question remains :
How can one of the biggest cooperations in America , with hundreds of highly skilled PR - agents on its payroll , make the rookie mistake of blocking one of the biggest internet forums in existance – without any warning of any sort ?
Furthermore , a megacorp like AT&T had to understand that such an action could only be perceived as the first shot in the war of Net Neutrality – and that it would more than likely enrage the Internet Intelligensia ?
So why risk it ?
The answer might be stranger than fiction .
My first post about this subject got nearly 12000 diggs , and my tiny blog received more than 180.000 visitors in one day .
One of these employees – let ’s call him « Soma » for the time being – emailed me , and had quite a story to tell .
What follows is parts of the e-mail transcripts between the two of us .
True or false – you decide :
My name is Soma .
I work on the internet side of things in AT&T , and deal with everyone who is not a « Major Corporate account » .
Saying much more than that narrows down the list of people for executives to sift through and fire if truth and PR vary too much for them to let it go .
Furthermore , I was at work on Sunday , which narrows the window of « who talked ? » down further .
AT&T is a very vindictive company – and prone to firing people for anything they choose not to like .
Therefore , you will have to forgive my discreteness .
The 4 chan thing was basicly a bunch of ignorant back - end network guys – primarily led by one guy – that claimed there was a SYN flood from an IP range in the 4 chan IP blocks .
The idiots flat out blocked the IP range , most likely thinking to themselves that « Hey , it ’s Sunday , no need to wake up my boss for this » .
If this backbone tech guy had done his job , he would have contacted the 4 chan admin – or at least the hosting company – and given them a chance to reply .
This was a flood that spanned a couple days – hours of waiting for a reply from the 4 chan admin would n’t have delayed anything .
We have dedicated policy experts scattered around our territories , and it ’s not even beyond the call of duty for a average tech support agent to contact a hosting company and provide warning .
Others in his department verify the SYN flood appeared to be originating from 4 chan IPs and they believe it was n’t spoofed as a few other ISP ’s acknowledge similar issues .
Anyway , by 22:00 CDT on Sunday the graveyard shift for numerous departments were on the clock , and being the odd - balls that graveyarders are , we knew of 4 chan and the user usage .
We instantly heard about the 4 chan-issue , as the DSL - side of things had already gotten a couple of hundred complaints – and I believe the U - Verse group had gotten at least 100 .
By 22:45 we had gotten information to the right people and by 00:15 the « black - holed » IP range was once again opened up .
At that point most of the odd - balls began taking screenshots and making PDF ’s of the « death of Randall Stephenson » - posts and keeping our names out of any of the mess .
We assumed the PR - department would have to weather some crap , but we all hoped it would calm down .
It was tempting to let the problem build overnight , but it would have caused too much hassle – both for us and for AT&T .
But surely – after all this – the tech guy was sorry for the trouble he caused , right ?
… RIGHT ?!
The worst part was the moron emailed everyone this morning to boast that he did the right thing .
His emails to the groups that were affected ( customer service - facing ) sound as if a client ( a customer above normal residential users ) was the target , and the SYN / ACK was affecting various parts of our network – whilst in reality , it was mainly just slowing down traffic before being filtered out .
But 4 Chan was definitely not blocked as a move towards censoring the internet .
AT&T is rather bold when it comes to moves against the masses :
About a year ago that AT&T had a job listing for about 2500 federal security clearance level jobs in San Antonio area for snooping ( a joint site with the NSA , if I remember correctly ) , the case with the EFF is no secret , and there has been no secrecy in SBC / AT&T and the NARUS router frontier .
So what about the normal guys over at AT&T ?
What did they think about the whole mess ?
As for what we thought ?
The normal 40 - hour a day family man could n’t care less than he did .
The vast majority of workers had no clue – but the geeks , freaks , and techies all saw it and gave a sigh of « Great , we ’ll get a shitstorm for this » .
Some were even tempted to let the storm come ( Net neutrality does n’t have a lot of fans among the people doing work , just the executives ) .
In the end , that subgroup of people that spend way too much time on the internet decided it was easier to fix the issue than to play dumb and let « the Company » eek out of it .
The correct person , that also happens to know what LOLCats , 4Chan , and other internet content are , was informed of the internal ticket and 4 Chan was blocked , he checked and verified the SYN / ACK traffic had ceased and removed the block .
Honestly , until the PR group posted the official AT&T response , I doubt anyone outside the ISP side knew the issue occurred and I doubt Randall Stephenson knows that his Wikipedia page was massively edited or that iReport had him listed as dead .
So there you have it ; the truth behind how AT&T unwittingly fired what many will consider the first shot in the war of Net Neutrality , propelling the issue into the searchlight .
True or false , Soma ’s story bear the markings of a real one – and if his story checks out , I guess we owe that AT&T « do - gooder » tech guy a thanks .
PLEASE DIGG : http://digg.com/tech_news/Uncovered_The_Truth_Behind_the_AT_T_4chan_Block
The price of raw sugar has increased to its highest level since 1981 , as supply concerns grow .
Raw sugar futures added 3 % on Monday , to finish the day at 22 cents a pound .
" The main problem is a deficit in sugar supplies , " said Nick Penney , a trader with Sucden Financial , a firm that focuses on sugar trading .
Growing demand in Brazil for sugar to be turned into ethanol , coupled with a sharp fall in Indian production , have both prompted worries , he explained .
Sugar production in India for 2008 - 09 fell 45 % year - on - year , according to a report by Sucden .
And a " drastic fall " is expected for the coming Indian crop , it said .
India had less rain in the monsoon season and it was also uneven , damaging a number of agricultural crops .
There are concerns that the pending sugar crop , which will be ready around November , will be inadequate .
" This [ sugar market ] train is running express , " said Alex Oliveira , senior sugar analyst for Newedge USA in New York .
" It 's feeding on itself . "
: preg_replace ( ) : The /e modifier is deprecated , use preg_replace_callback instead inon line : preg_replace ( ) :
The /e modifier is deprecated , use preg_replace_callback instead inon line
Jet Airways , in honor of celebrating the achievements of Indian students who have made the country proud by excelling in various fields abroad has come up with an ‘ EduJetter ’ initiative .
The premiere airline has sought to offer students who have secured admission in educational institutes abroad , a host of benefits with effect from May 26 , 2009 .
Students flying out of India are assured benefits of more than Rs.11,000 ( conditions apply ) including excess baggage allowance between 40 - 60 kgs for students travelling to the US , Canada , Europe , UK , Australia , Malaysia , Singapore and Hong Kong aboard Jet Airways .
They can also earn 1000 JPMiles on enrolment into the airline ’s JetPrivilege frequent flyer program that gives them a free ticket after the first flight .
The other privileges in the ‘ edujetter ’ program includes free talk time from Matrix ranging up to Rs.3,500 and waiver on the first month line rentals with connection , special forex rates on ICICI Bank Travel cards , gift vouchers worth Rs. 2000 on HP Pavilion notebooks , Rs.500 worth free worldwide internet roaming in more than 160 countries by Tata Indicom WiFi , 20 percent discount on Samsonite luggage and travel accessories and three 40 percent discount coupons from FedEx for international shipping and Provogue gift vouchers worth Rs. 1000 .
Book your Jet Airways airline and avail of king - size travel at reduced costs .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
For the first time , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates is outlining potential Obama administration plans to enforce the " do n't ask , do n't tell " rule selectively so that some gays could serve in the military .
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates says there may be flexibility in applying " do n't ask , do n't tell . "
Gates said he is looking at ways to make the policy " more humane , " including letting people serve who may have been outed due to vengeance or a jilted lover .
The remarks appeared in a transcript the Pentagon released Tuesday .
In addition , Capt .
John Kirby , spokesman for Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Wednesday the chairman " supports the idea of a less draconian way of enforcing the policy . "
Instituted in 1993 , " do n't ask , do n't tell " ended the military 's practice of asking potential service members if they are gay , but it requires the dismissal of openly gay service members .
Gates told reporters traveling with him , " One of the things we 're looking at -- is there flexibility in how we apply this law ? "
Gates indicated he is looking at several options .
" Let me give you an example .
Do we need to be driven when the information , to take action on somebody , if we get that information from somebody who may have vengeance in mind or blackmail or somebody who has been jilted ? "
Gates said he has discussed the issue with President Obama and also during a meeting with his top war - fighting commanders last week .
Do n't Miss Obama holds gay pride reception
At that military meeting , Gates said , " The issue that we face is that how do we begin to do preparations and simultaneously the administration move forward in terms of asking the Congress to change the law . "
Shortly before the president 's inauguration , spokesman Robert Gibbs said Obama was committed to repealing the policy .
In a response to a question on the Web site Change.gov asking whether Obama would get rid of " do n't ask , do n't tell , " Gibbs said : " You do n't hear politicians give a one - word answer much .
But it 's ' Yes . ' "
Gibbs later clarified that " not everything will get done in the beginning , but [ the president is ] committed to following through " with ending the policy .
During the presidential campaign , Obama said he would work to end the policy , but because it is dictated by federal law , he cannot end it unilaterally .
Five months into his presidency , Obama has been criticized for not moving fast enough to propose a repeal of the rule to Congress .
Gates did not indicate the Pentagon was yet supporting a full repeal .
" What we have is a law -- be it a policy or a regulation -- and as I discovered when I got into it , it 's a very prescriptive law .
It does n't leave much to the imagination for a lot of flexibility .
And so one of the things we 're looking at -- is there flexibility in how we apply this law ? "
The secretary appears to be proposing interim measures .
" If somebody is outed by a third party ... does that force us to take an action ?
And I do n't know the answer to that , and I do n't want to pretend to , " Gates said .
" But that 's the kind of thing we 're looking at to see if there 's at least a more humane way to apply the law until the law gets changed . "
President Clinton tried to lift the ban on gays in the military when he took office , but the military leadership strenuously opposed him .
Congress stripped Clinton of his power to change the policy and forced him to accept the " do n't ask , do n't tell " compromise , a law that only Congress can repeal .
All About Robert Gates • Military and Defense Policy
( CNN ) -- Argentina 's Supreme Court ruled Tuesday it is unconstitutional to punish an adult for private use of marijuana as long as it does n't harm anyone else .
A recent poll showed 29 percent of Americans believe the best way to deal with marijuana is to legalize it .
The unanimous ruling makes Argentina the second Latin American country in the past four days to allow personal use of a formerly illegal drug .
The case in question involved five young men who were arrested for having a few marijuana cigarettes in their pockets .
Supreme Court Justice Carlos Fayt , who at one time supported laws that make personal use of marijuana illegal , told the state - run Telam news agency that " reality " changed his mind .
Argentina 's action came amid growing momentum in Latin America toward decriminalization of possessing small amounts of certain drugs .
Mexico enacted a law Friday that decriminalizes possessing low quantities of most drugs , including marijuana , heroin , cocaine and LSD .
Earlier this year , a Brazilian appeals court ruled that possession of drugs for personal use is not illegal .
Analysts see the shift in attitude as recognition that current methods in the war on drugs are not working .
" It seems quite clear that drug policy based primarily on interdiction and enforcement has failed , " said Robert Pastor , a Latin America national security adviser for President Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s .
" Therefore , it 's natural for people to stand back and ask , ' Is there a better way ? ' "
Pastor noted that some recent research has shown that handling drug use as a health challenge and focusing on treatment may be more efficient .
" What Argentina and Mexico are doing in many ways is blazing a new path , " Pastor said .
Peter Hakim , president of the Inter - American Dialogue policy institute in Washington , sees a trend at work .
" It 's all part of a harm - reduction approach , " Hakim said , noting that policymakers are shifting away from getting rid of drugs and toward figuring out how to reduce harm to users and society .
Mexico has been considering decriminalization for several years , particularly under the administration of former President Vicente Fox , who held office from 2000 - 2006 .
But efforts by the Mexican congress toward decriminalization met with strong resistance from the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush .
" Mexico tried it under Fox and the U.S. got so snippety that they had to back down , " Hakim said .
Do n't Miss Drive to legalize marijuana rolls on in California
President Obama 's inauguration in January may have changed the calculus , analysts said .
The Mexican congress passed the measure in April and President Felipe Calderon quietly signed it into law .
In a visit to the United States , Fox said in May a new approach is needed .
" I believe it 's time to open the debate over legalizing drugs , " he told CNN .
" It must be done in conjunction with the United States , but it is time to open the debate . "
Earlier this year , Fox 's predecessor and two other former leaders of Latin American nations also called for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use and a change in strategy in the war on drugs .
The three ex-presidents were members of the 17 - nation Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy , which issued its recommendations in February after studying the issue for a year .
" The problem is that current policies are based on prejudices and fears and not on results , " former Colombian President Cesar Gaviria said at a news conference in which the commission 's recommendations were presented .
Former President Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil said the group called for only the decriminalization of marijuana and not other illicit drugs because " you have to start somewhere . "
Fox 's predecessor , Ernesto Zedillo , was president of Mexico from 1994 to 2000 .
Gaviria was president of Colombia from 1990 to 1994 .
And Cardoso led Brazil from 1995 to 2002 .
In his swing through the United States , Fox said any change in drug laws must be accompanied by an education campaign in schools and homes .
And because the United States is a large consumer of marijuana that comes from Latin America , any steps toward legalization must be supported in Washington , he said .
Gaviria had said in February that the time was right to start a debate on the subject because of the new administration in Washington .
" In many states in the United States , as is the case in California , they have begun to change federal policies with regard to tolerating marijuana for therapeutic purposes .
And in Washington there 's some consensus that the current policy is failing , " Gaviria said .
The Inter - American Dialogue 's Hakim said one recent poll showed that 29 percent of Americans think the best way to deal with marijuana is to legalize it .
Pastor , the former Carter official , wondered whether anyone in Washington is paying attention .
" The question , " he said Tuesday , " is whether the United States will be open to this new path . "
All About Argentina • Marijuana • Mexico
Dallas man charged with raping women after collisions
DALLAS — A 26 - year - old Dallas man is in a Dallas County jail accused of sexually assaulting at least two women after crashing his pickup truck into their cars deliberately .
Omar Quinonez is jailed with bond set at $ 250,000 .
A police spokeswoman says Quinonez is accused of intentionally bumping the victim 's vehicles from behind .
Then , he allegedly abducting the women at knifepoint when they step out to inspect the damage and exchange insurance information .
The charges arise from two separate cases in opposite sides of Dallas on Aug. 2 , and Saturday .
There was no answer at the Dallas County jail to calls for information on whether Quinonez has an attorney .
Indiana Foundation Service is Indiana 's trusted foundation repair , basement waterproofing , and crawl space repair contractor .
We are a locally owned and operated company with over two decades of experience , proudly serving Indianapolis , Bloomington and all of Central Indiana and surrounding .
If you are dealing with bowing basement walls , a moldy crawl space , sunken concrete slabs or a wet basement , we can help .
Call us today at 800-978-6980 and one of our basement & foundation specialists will visit you for a free home inspection & cost estimate .
Tonight on Air America : Greg Palast joins Crooks and Liars ' John Amato , guest host of " Clout ! " on your local progressive station or streaming live on AirAmericaRadio.com at 9 pm Eastern .
This week , special for Crooks and Liars readers , download for free , Palast 's film for Democracy Now ! , " Big Easy to Big Empty : How the White House Drowned New Orleans . "
There 's another floater .
Four years on , there 's another victim face down in the waters of Hurricane Katrina , Dr. Ivor van Heerden .
I do n't get to use the word " heroic " very often .
Van Heerden is heroic .
The Deputy Director of the Louisiana State University Hurricane Center , it was van Heerden who told me , on camera , something so horrible , so frightening , that , if it were n't for his international stature , it would have been hard to believe :
" By midnight on Monday the White House knew .
Monday night I was at the state Emergency Operations Center and nobody was aware that the levees had breached .
Nobody . "
On the night of August 29 , 2005 , van Heerden was shut in at the state emergency center in Baton Rouge , providing technical advice to the rescue effort .
As Hurricane Katrina came ashore , van Heerden and the State Police there were high - fiving it : Katrina missed the city of New Orleans , turning east .
What they did not know was that the levees had cracked .
For crucial hours , the White House knew , but withheld the information that the levees of New Orleans had broken and that the city was about to drown .
Bush 's boys did not notify the State of the flood to come , which would have allowed police to launch an emergency hunt for the thousands who remained stranded .
" Fifteen hundred people drowned .
That 's the bottom line , " said von Heerden .
He should n't have told me that .
The professor was already in trouble for saying , publicly , that the levees around New Orleans were no good , too short , by 18 " .
They could n't stand up to a storm like Katrina .
He said it months before Katrina hit -- in a call to the White House , and later in the press .
So , even before Katrina , even before our interview , the professor was in hot water .
Van Heerden was told by LSU officials that his complaints jeopardized funding from the Bush Administration .
They tried to gag him .
He did n't care : he ripped off the gag and spoke out .
It did n't matter to Bush , to the state , to the university , that van Heerden was right -- devastatingly right .
Exactly as van Heerden predicted , the levees could not stand up to the storm surge .
In 2006 , I met van Heerden in his office at the university 's hurricane center ; a cubby filled with charts of the city under water .
He 's a soft - spoken , even - tempered man , given to understatement and academic reserve .
But his words were hand grenades : the Bush White House did nothing about the levees , despite warning after warning .
Why ?
A hurricane is an Act of God .
But a levee failure is an Act of Bush -- of the federal government .
Under the Flood Control Act of 1928 , once the levees break , it 's Washington 's responsibility to save lives -- and to compensate the victims for lost homes and lost loved ones .
By telling me this , the professor had to know he was putting his job on the line .
This week marks the fourth anniversary of the drowning of New Orleans .
Shakoor Aljuwani of the Rebuilding Lives Coalition reminds me it is also the fourth year of exile for more than half of the low - income black residents who once lived in the Crescent City .
In the Lower Ninth Ward , 81 % have yet to return .
And it marks the end of Dr. van Heerden 's career at LSU .
They got him .
Once the network cameras were turned away from New Orleans , as America and Anderson Cooper shifted attention to Brad and Angelina and other news , the University put an end to Dr. van Heerden .
" In 2006 they started the nonsense - they stopped me from teaching .
They tried last year to get faculty to vote me out . "
His contract was not renewed ; he was forced out too , dumped along with the chief of the Hurricane Center who led the academics who supported van Heerden 's research .
The Man Who Was Right was fired .
Cronies and Contracts
I did not seek out professor van Heerden about Bush 's deadly silence .
Rather , I 'd come to LSU to ask him about a strange little company , " Innovative Emergency Management , " a politically well - connected firm that , a year before the hurricane , had finagled a contract to plan the evacuation of New Orleans .
Innovative Emergency Management knew a lot about political contributions , but seemed to have zero experience in hurricane response planning .
In fact , their " plan " for New Orleans called for evacuating the city by automobile .
When Katrina hit , 127,000 wheel - less New Orleans folk were left to float out .
And van Heerden knew all about it .
Well before the hurricane , I discovered , he 'd pointed out flaws in the " Innovative " plan - and was threatened for the revelation by a state official .
The same official later joined the payroll of Innovative Emergency Management .
When I asked the company , at their office , for a copy of the plan , they body - blocked our Democracy Now !
camerawoman and called the cops .
Not everyone shared the harsh fate of van Heerden .
Just this month , Innovative Emergency Management , the firm with the drive - for - your - life plan , was handed a fat contract by the State of Alabama to draft - you guessed it - a hurricane evacuation plan for Mobile .
The City That Care Forgot
After the flood , I filmed the uplifting story of Common Ground , the commune of Katrina survivors who , under the leadership of the community organizer Malik Rahim , rebuilt a shattered hulk of a building with their own sweat and donated materials .
They housed 350 displaced families .
Since I broadcast that film in 2006 , Rahim and the tenants were evicted by speculators who bought the building .
Just before Christmas , elderly residents were carried out and dumped in the street , literally , by marshals .
The speculators paid the families who build their new edifice not one dime .
We also filmed the story of Patricia Thomas , a woman fighting to return to her home in the beautiful Lafitte public housing project .
Speculators have long lusted for this property on the edge of the French Quarter .
And now the speculators have it .
Patricia 's home , unscathed by Katrina , was nevertheless bulldozed .
As Rahim puts it , " They wanted them poor niggers out of there and they ain't had no intention to allow it to be reopened to no poor niggers . "
Their plan succeeded .
Patricia , homeless , died last year .
This Friday , take a moment to remember a courageous professor , an indefatigable activist and the refugee families who once lived in what was once called , " The City That Care Forgot . "
Now , in 2009 , you could call it the city that everyone forgot .
Part 2 tomorrow .
A new warning ; the next Katrina and Big Oil
For one week only , the International Humanities Center is offering , free of charge , a download of Greg Palast 's investigative report for Democracy Now ! , " Big Easy to Big Empty - the untold story of how the White House drowned New Orleans " at www.GregPalast.com.
Download the film or make a donation to support these investigations and get a copy signed by Palast at www.gregpalast.com/bigeasy.
*********************
Greg Palast is the author of the New York Times bestsellers The Best Democracy Money Can Buy and Armed Madhouse .
The files include sketches of UFOs drawn by witnesses A former head of the armed forces told the defence secretary a UFO claim known as Britain 's Roswell could be a " banana skin " , newly released files show .
In 1985 Lord Hill - Norton wrote to Michael Heseltine about the " Rendlesham incident " in 1980 , when US airmen in Suffolk said they saw strange lights .
He said an unauthorised aircraft may have entered and left UK airspace .
In 2003 , an ex-US security policeman said he and another airman had shone patrol car lights as a prank .
The case is among the latest MoD files on UFOs released by the National Archives .
' Puzzling and disquieting '
The " Rendlesham incident " involved American airmen from RAF Woodbridge who reported seeing mysterious lights .
Witnesses said a UFO was transmitting blue pulsating lights and sending nearby farm animals into a " frenzy " .
Lord Hill - Norton 's letter said either a craft had entered UK airspace with impunity or US airmen were capable of a " serious misperception " .
But in 2003 , ex-US security policeman Kevin Conde admitted that he and another airman had shone patrol car lights through the trees and made noises on the loudspeaker as a prank .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement But in 1985 , Lord Hill - Norton - a former chief of the defence staff and First Sea Lord - wrote to Mr Heseltine , the then - defence secretary , to express his feelings about the event .
In his letter , Lord Hill - Norton said he rejected the official MoD line that the case was of " no defence interest " , adding that it displayed " puzzling and disquieting features which have never been satisfactorily explained by your department " .
He said it was either the case that a piloted craft had entered and left UK airspace with " complete impunity " or " a sizeable number of USAF personnel at an important base in British territory are capable of serious misperception " .
Lord Hill - Norton added : " There seems to be a head of steam building up on this matter , and I can see a potential ' banana skin ' [ a political embarrassment ] looming . "
The " Roswell incident " refers to the belief among UFO watchers that in 1947 a flying saucer with aliens on board landed outside the New Mexico town of Roswell and that an elaborate cover - up by the authorities followed .
The National Archives release is part of a three - year project by the MoD and the National Archives to release files related to UFOs on the National Archives website .
Other incidents recorded in the latest batch of documents , which cover the years 1981 to 1996 , include : • Two men from Staffordshire who told police that , as they returned home from an evening out in 1995 , an alien appeared under a hovering UFO hoping to take them away •
More than 30 sightings of bright lights over central England during a six - hour period in 1993 , which led to the assistant chief of defence staff being briefed - and turned out to be caused by a Russian rocket re-entering the atmosphere • Several sightings in Bonnybridge , central Scotland , which became the UK's UFO hotspot during the 1990s • A UFO which was seen over the jazz stage at the Glastonbury Festival in June 1994 .
The two female witnesses reported that they turned to the people next to them to verify what they had seen but " they did n't look hard enough or take it seriously " I think it 's clear that people see what they expect to see
Dr David Clarke
Sheffield Hallam University
In pictures : UFO archives opened Send us your pictures
It is also revealed that UFO sightings leapt from 117 in 1995 to 609 in 1996 - the year that Will Smith 's alien invader blockbuster Independence Day was released and alien conspiracy series
The X Files was at the height of its popularity with UK audiences .
Dr David Clarke , a UFO expert and journalism lecturer at Sheffield Hallam University , said it was significant that one of the biggest years for reports previously had been 1978 , which saw 750 - at the same time that Steven Spielberg 's blockbuster Close Encounters of the Third Kind was released .
He added : " Obviously , films and TV programmes raise awareness of UFOs and it's fascinating to see how that appears to lead more people to report what they see .
" In the 1950s you have UFOs with flashing dials like in the b-movies of the time , and the aliens tend to come from Venus and Mars - that stops from the late ' 60s when we find out how inhospitable these places are .
" From the mid-1980s you start to see triangular - shaped objects - this is the era of US stealth aircraft .
I think it 's clear that people see what they expect to see . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There was a golden age when the expansive hood of the American automobile could double as a picnic table .
Thankfully , engine compartments have conformed to smaller motors and superior aerodynamics , but why give up the pleasure of dining ( or making out ) on the hood of an American classic just because you drive a Honda Fit ?
Joel Hester , in his Dallas - based Weld House , is scrounging the scrap yards of Texas and turning grizzled steel into tables , beds , armoires , and more .
( Pics )
Hester ’s most enchanting creations are his coffee and end tables , which start at $ 700 ( check out his gallery on Flickr ) .
Working with car hoods and trunks ravaged by sun , weather , and even custom paint jobs , Hester and his torch - happy gang flatten the metal , shape the edges , add custom legs and casters , and give each one a sublimely smooth finish .
Some tables even bear their original hood ornaments and vin tags .
We ’ve seen furniture recrafted from car parts , blue jeans , bicycles , and salvaged wood .
But in this beleaguered economy it gives us great pleasure to see someone truly turning clunkers into cash .
Browsing through the Weld House inventory reveals some remarkable treasures , but you can also see what yet - unmolded artifacts of sheet metal are available , and Hester will build a custom creation .
Still do n’t see what you ’re looking for ?
Itching for a piece of that yellow Carmengia you never should have sold ?
The crafty people of Weld House will search and send pics for your approval .
Via Treehugger
WASHINGTON — Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said today he will convene a summit of experts to figure out what to do about driver cell phone use and texting , practices that studies — and a growing number of accidents — show can be deadly .
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood told a news conference he intends to gather senior transportation officials , safety advocates , law enforcement representatives , members of Congress and academics who study distracted driving for the summit next month in Washington .
If it were up to him , he would ban texting while driving , LaHood said .
However , past safety initiatives like seat belts have shown that a simple ban often is n’t enough to get drivers to change their habits unless it ’s accompanied by education and enforcement , he said .
“ When we are done , I expect to have a list of concrete steps to announce , ” LaHood said in a statement .
“ The bottom line is , we need to put an end to unsafe cell phone use , typing on BlackBerrys and other activities that require drivers to take their eyes off the road and their focus away from driving . ”
LaHood pointed to several fatal incidents involving texting , including Alyssa Burns , a 17 - year - old Eureka , Ill. , high school student killed in June when she drove off the road while sending a message to friends
The problem crosses other modes of transportation : A train crashed last year in California killing 25 people — including the train operator , who was texting at the time of the accident — and injuring 135 .
In a study released last week , the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute found that when drivers of heavy trucks texted , their collision risk was 23 times greater than when not texting .
Dialing a cell phone and using or reaching for an electronic device increased risk of collision about six times in cars and trucks .
The Virginia Tech researchers said the risks of texting generally applied to all drivers , not just truckers .
A separate report by Car and Driver magazine found that texting and driving is more dangerous than drunken driving .
Texting has grown from nearly 10 billion messages a month in December 2005 to more than 110 billion in December 2008 , according to CTIA , the cellular phone industry ’s trade group .
Fourteen states and the District of Columbia have passed laws making texting while driving illegal .
— ——
On the Net :
www.dot.gov
Interactive Graphic Illustrates How U.S. Patent System Has Driven American Economy notes :
Last month , the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel published two articles documenting the current state of the U.S. patent system ( see “ The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel Gets It Right about Patents “ ) .
The authors of those pieces , John Schmid and Ben Poston , have now compiled an interactive graphic that shows how the U.S. patent system has shaped American history and innovation .
The graphic contains a number of elements , including a timeline of key patents and significant events in American history , a comparison of domestic and foreign patents issued between 1790 and 2009 , and charts showing the top countries and states in which U.S. patents originated , the number of pending applications between 1981 and 2009 and average application pendency between 1983 and 2008 , fee diversion between 1992 and 2004 , and rapid growth of the Chinese patent system between 1999 and 2008 .
Some asked me if this proved patents do encourage innovation .
But of course it does not .
This proves absolutely nothing , in fact , except that there can still be growth despite state intervention such as intellectual monopoly grants .
Correlation is not causation .
I hope Obama does n’t see this –I ’m sure he could whip up a similar chart correlating growth over the last two centuries with , say , increasing taxes , increasing federal spending , increasing federal size / employment , increasing military size , increasing efficiency at mass murder , and so on .
Further , note the flaw in using China to prove the patents - drive - growth hypothesis : China ’s economy has been growing for a good decade even though it has had and continues to have very mild and tepid IP laws .
In fact , Chinese IP laws are gradually being reformed under pressure from the industrialized Western nations –no doubt to please large Western pharmaceutical , software , and other firms that stand to benefit from extending their Western - state - granted artificial monopolies to the growing Eastern economies ( see my posts Russian Free Trade and Patents , IP Imperialism ( Russia , Intellectual Property , and the WTO ) , Bush Wants More Jailed Citizens in Russia and China , and China , India like US Patent Reform ) .
Do these intellectual monopolists really expect us to believe that China owes its recent growth to Disney and Big Pharma ’s lobbying efforts ?!
Thank God the Western White Man saves the poor benighted Yellow Eastern man .
What would they do without us ?
Who needs capitalism and increasing institutionalized respect for property rights–if you are a third world economy and want to grow , just let America strong - arm you to adopt their type of IP laws–along with their FDA regulations , antitrust law , and IRS .
Give me a break .
The Arizona Peace Officer Standards and Training Board on Wednesday revoked the badge of a former Scottsdale police officer who bragged about having taught a suspect a lesson by " face planting " him to the ground after forcing his way into the suspect 's home .
Nicholas A. Young lost his Arizona peace - officer certification , which means he can no longer work as an officer in Arizona .
According to Scottsdale police internal affairs documents obtained by The Arizona Republic , allegations of unlawful / improper entry , poor judgment , failure to report and integrity violation were made against Officer Young .
According to the documents , in August 2008 , Young responded to a shoplifting call .
He went to the home of the suspect and was invited in .
A short time later , the suspect asked Young to leave .
Young left , but continued to question the suspect outside the front door .
The suspect demanded Young leave and began to close his front door .
Young forced the door open with either his arm or shoulder , re-entered the home and chased down the subject and forced him to the floor , the documents said .
Young told internal - affairs investigators in November that he was trying to prevent the suspect from using a weapon against him .
But the report states that Young used poor judgment by not requesting a back - up officer , which is department protocol .
Young also failed to document his actions and tell his supervisor how he entered the home .
Young also sent typed messages to a department call taker where he bragged about having taught the suspect a lesson by " face planting " him to the ground .
When Young was interviewed by investigators in November , he said that he'd told his supervisor about how he 'd entered the home .
His supervisor testified that she was n't told .
Interviewed in January , when he was presented with the contradiction , Young admitted that he had lied in his previous interview by saying that he'd informed his supervisor of how he entered the home and misled his supervisor .
Young resigned from the Scottsdale Police Department in February .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Keir Murray
The last time I was in Paisley High Street it was for an exhibition of the works of the town 's famous artist and comic playwright John Byrne .
On one of the displays was a quote from Byrne joking that , as a child , he always knew he lived in a special place because missionaries used to be sent over from Africa to help the people in his particular area .
The missionaries must have sent back favourable reports all those years ago for today there arrived a god ... in sporting terms , that is .
On Monday evening Lance Armstrong wrote the following on Twitter : " Hey Glasgow , Scotland !!
I 'm coming your way tomorrow .
Who wants to go for a bike ride ? ? "
Then in the early hours of the morning , there came another " Tweet " , which said : " Hey Glasgow - group ride starts at Ashtree House Hotel .
9 Orr Square .
Paisley , Scotland .
See you there at noon ! ! "
From his 1,750,000 " followers " on the social networking site , word got out to the Scottish cycling fraternity and about 200 of their number and a throng of onlookers came to herald the seven - time Tour de France winner 's arrival .
There was little chance of this ever being a quiet ride around Paisley 's Gleniffer Braes .
Armstrong brought Paisley town centre to a standstill
Like a scene from the Paris - Roubaix classic , the cyclists huddled in the rain in the steep cobbled street .
They tip - toed around the slippy surface in their cycling shoes , chatting to friends , excited , intrigued and without any idea of where their bike ride with 37 - year - old Armstrong might take them , or at what sort of pace .
Surveyor Alan Thomson , 28 , of Glasgow Couriers Cycling Club , managed to escape from his Glasgow office at 10 am to cycle the ten miles through the rain to Paisley .
" It 's like being asked to play a round of golf with Tiger Woods , " said Thomson .
" My boss realised it was the chance of a lifetime and he knows what a keen cyclist I am , so he said I could get away .
" I was in a meeting and I managed to nip off . "
Just after midday , Scotland 's former world hour record champion Graeme Obree arrived on his bike .
As puzzled as everyone else , Obree said : " I just came to see what this was all about .
It should be good fun . "
It transpired that Armstrong was stopping over in Scotland for the U2 concert at Hampden Park - vying with Celtic v Arsenal as Glasgow 's biggest event of the evening - on his way to compete in the Tour of Ireland .
Among the eager bunch of cyclists were Gary Murray , 43 , of Lothian and Borders Fire Brigade Cycling Club , and his friend Malcolm Bertram , 30 .
Murray was on night shift and came straight through to the west coast when he got off duty .
" It 's a great chance to follow a legend of cycling .
We were n't going to miss it , " said Murray .
Another in the group was Rita Montgomery , who won the British Women 's Team Championship in the 1960s and twice clinched the Masters World Championship in Austria .
With her friends from Dooleys Cycles Racing Team , Bob Taylor and Tam Gordon , Montgomery came along in full cycling kit to go for a spin with Armstrong .
Still out on her bike every day , she thought she had seen it all in her 78 years , all but the earliest of those on two wheels .
But Montgomery looked astonished at the events taking place in her home patch .
And how great was it that the Flying Scotsman Graeme Obree came out ??
Legend .
Lance Armstrong on Twitter " It 's great to see so many Scottish cyclists paying him such respect , " she said .
Taylor told me : " Cycling has been ignited by Chris Hoy .
I mean , just look at the turn - out here .
Lance has done so much for charity and his passion for cycling is so tremendous that we had to be here .
He 's a class act . "
As the police did their best to keep the traffic moving along the street , Armstrong arrived and opened up the boot of his car to get ready for his bike ride .
The fans jostled for position and the cyclists clicked their shoes into their pedals .
It was n't a hoax after all .
There was Lance Armstrong on his Trek bike on Paisley 's High Street .
Such was the scrum and tangle of bikes , umbrellas and microphones that an unfortunate couple were unable to get past the " peloton " to get to Paisley 's crematorium .
A police officer yelled : " Move over to the side of the road !
A car needs to get through to a funeral ! "
But his plea fell on deaf ears .
The only solution was for Armstrong to get on his bike and lead the ride out of town .
As the crowd cheered , the cyclists headed east , leaving bystanders open - mouthed .
Former world hour record holder Obree arrives at Armstrong 's meeting point Alex Sneddon , 41 , resplendent in his yellow and black " Livestrong " jersey , was ecstatic after meeting his hero .
" I 'm not so much a cycling fan , I 'm a Lance Armstrong fan !
And I just shook his hand !
Incredible ! "
Having returned to his hotel after the ride , Armstrong wrote : " Thanks to everyone who turned up to ride in Paisley !
I figured we'd have a nice ride for a dozen or so .
But 100 's came .
Haha !
Awesome ! "
The twin powers of celebrity and technology had created a memorable moment for Scottish cycling fans .
But there were some things that even Lance Armstrong could n't do anything about this afternoon .
As another of his Tweets put it : " And yes , next time I 'll try to bring some sun .
You bring the translator ( Scottish to Texan ) and I 'll bring the rays .
Seriously , thanks again . "
Perhaps the only cyclist who could have kept Armstrong in sight if the Texan had decided to pump a heavier gear would have been Obree .
His presence did n't go unnoticed .
" And how great was it that the Flying Scotsman Graeme Obree came out ??
Legend , " wrote Armstrong .
When Lance Armstrong calls you a legend , you know you must have achieved something special in life .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Catching a Mathematical Error Using Haskell ’s Type System
I found this worth sharing .
It ’s the story of an error in a mathematics paper .
Perhaps not too terribly surprising , you might think .
But it really is surprising .
The paper in question is quite well - written and clear .
It ’s central to its field , and has been read in detail by , I ’m sure , hundreds if not thousands of people .
It ’s 25 years old .
It does n’t involve a lot of references to other results , but rather builds its entire argument right there in this one paper .
In other words , it ’s exactly the sort of mathematics that you ’d expect to be correct .
( The error , by the way , is not major and is easily overcome , and the result is still true .
So I ’m not claiming that 25 years of research is invalid or anything like that ! )
Here ’s the story .
John Franks published a central result in the theory of subshifts of finite type , in 1983 .
Here ’s everything you need to know about that field :
Subshifts of finite type can be described by directed graphs ( loops and parallel edges allowed . )
There are some interesting operations that we can perform on these graphs : in - splitting , out - splitting , in - amalgamation , out - amalgamation , expansion , and contraction .
These operations arise in a really cool way , but you do n’t need to worry about that .
The main point , for the moment , is that although they come about quite naturally , they are not easy to work with directly .
Franks noticed that a certain matrix of integers seems to come up quite a bit in understanding the structure of these subshifts : that matrix is A – I , where A is the adjacency matrix of the graph , and I is the identity matrix of the right size .
( In other words , the ( i , j ) entry of A is the number of edges from vertex i to vertex j. )
He also noticed that he can perform row and column operations on that matrix — adding or subtracting a row or column to / from another — by doing those other fancy operations above in a certain way .
This was huge .
Now if I want to get from one graph G to another graph H , using those splits and amalgamations and expansions and such , it actually suffices to get from the matrix A – I to the matrix B – I ( where A and B are the adjacency matrices of G and H ) by using elementary row and column operations !
( There are a few technicalities , but skip this paragraph if you do n’t care about them .
You first have to arrange for G and H to have a loop at every vertex , so that A – I and B – I are non-negative .
Then you have to make sure that your row and column operations do n’t leave you with negative entries in your matrices .
These are handled correctly in the paper , but are not necessary for the point I ’m making , so I wo n’t mention them again . )
Then Franks sets out to do this .
First , he shows that he can arrange so that the entire first column of the matrix A – I is equal to the greatest common divisor of all the entries .
Starting from this , he uses an elimination algorithm similar to what you often see in introductory linear algebra courses : you clear out some row and column except for the single cell where they coincide , and then ignore that row and column and recursively perform the same operation on the remaining smaller matrix .
Franks chooses , in particular , to clear out the first column and the second row .
But here ’s the error .
Elementary row and column operations on this sub-matrix carry over to the larger matrix … but when arranging for the first column to be equal to the g.c.d. of all of the entries , Franks accidentally used some different operation — namely , conjugation by a permutation matrix .
A seemingly trivial operation , since it corresponds to a graph isomorphism .
In a sense , it does n’t even change the graph at all , so it ’s hardly even an operation .
However , when you delete the first column and second row , and then conjugate the resulting matrix by a permutation matrix , this does not correspond to any kind of good operation on the larger graph .
The proof of this central result in the theory of subshifts of finite type , therefore , contains an error .
How did I find this ?
Actually , I found it because I was implementing Franks ’ construction in Haskell , and Haskell has a type system that was remarkably helpful in reasoning about the result .
I started by writing a type class ( called FlowEquiv ) for representations of graphs on which I can perform those weird operations : splits , amalgamations , etc .
As I described in my last blog entry , I was able to capture a lot of higher level concepts by writing wrapper types that are instances of this type class .
For example , these operations can be performed on the transpose of a graph , and when they are , they correspond to other operations on the original graph .
I was able to write down that correspondence explicitly by having a wrapper type called Transposed implement the same type class .
Naturally , when I came to the point of needing to delete the first column and second row , I looked for a way to do the same thing .
I could n’t do it .
I poked at this for a couple days , and reached the conclusion that , in fact , there is no obvious correspondence between these operations ( splits and amalgamations and such ) on a sub-matrix , and the corresponding operations on the larger matrix .
Clearly , a new abstraction was needed , so I defined a new type class , ReducibleMatrix , defining just those operations that carry over nicely to sub-matrices : namely , the row and column operations .
Then the huge insight of Franks , the ability to compose splits and amalgamations and expansions and the like to form elementary row and column operations , corresponds to this line of code :
instance FlowEquiv a => ReducibleMatrix a where
and Franks proof is realized by the definitions of the functions from ReducibleMatrix .
So then I set out to implement those operations of Franks that need to be performed on submatrices in terms of the Reducible Matrix type class .
And that ’s when I saw it .
I could not convert my implementation of that one piece ( turning the first column of A – I into the gcd of the entries ) on the ReducibleMatrix type class in the way that Franks described it .
Why ?
Because of that conjugation by a permutation matrix .
In a sense , Haskell ’s type system found the error in Franks ’ proof .
Epilogue : it turns out there ’s an easy modification of Franks ’ proof that works around this issue .
That corresponded to implementing the g.c.d. piece in Haskell in a different way .
The correction is minor , and does n’t really have an effect on any other results , so it will appear as a brief remark in an upcoming paper I ’m writing on Leavitt path algebras .
Anyway , I thought that was worth sharing .
In this case , Haskell ’s type system did catch not just a programming error , but an error in a mathematical result that had to the best of my knowledge gone undetected by likely hundreds of people for 25 years .
Son and widow of 47 - year - old newspaper seller who died after being struck by policeman at G20 protests in London give exclusive first interview following conclusion of IPCC investigation into his death guardian .
co.uk
The family of Ian Tomlinson , who collapsed after being hit by an officer at the G20 protests in London , have accused the police of engaging in a cover - up to stop them finding out the truth .
In an interview with the Guardian , Tomlinson 's widow , Julia , and son , Paul King , spoke for the first time about the anger , hurt and frustration they have felt in the months since his death .
They said they felt they had been pressured by the City of London police , Scotland Yard and the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) not to speak out , but could no longer keep quiet because of their concerns .
The family said police had prevented them from viewing Tomlinson 's body for six days after his death .
Police initially tried to persuade them there was nothing suspicious about the death and gave them only an edited version of his first post - mortem exmaination .
Telling the family he had " died of a heart attack " , police made no mention of significant injuries found on Tomlinson 's body .
Family members now believe the injuries were caused by a police officer who struck him and pushed him to ground .
Tomlinson , a 47 - year - old newspaper seller , collapsed and died near the Bank of England at around 7.25 pm on 1 April , moments after the attack by an officer in the Metropolitan police 's Territorial Support Group ( TSG ) .
The family said they could no longer keep silent when the IPCC announced this week that it had completed its investigation and handed a file to the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) .
Prosecutors are now deciding whether to bring charges against the officer , who was questioned by the IPCC on suspicion of manslaughter after the Guardian released video footage of the attack .
Julia Tomlinson criticised the IPCC failing to properly investigate her husband 's death until after the video was broadcast – almost a week after his death .
" The IPCC should have been there from day one – definitely – not left it five days later , " she said .
King added : " We 've asked to see the evidence that [ the IPCC ] passed to the CPS .
We 're still waiting for it ... we have n't seen it .
" Everyone knows that there was a lot of cover - up in the beginning .
The truth will come out in the end . "
The family believe police misled them over Tomlinson 's death from the outset .
" It was half past four in the morning – a knock at the door and Stephanie , the second youngest daughter , answered the door , " Julia Tomlinson said .
" There were two police officers standing there and they asked to speak to Sam , my eldest daughter .
I came down the stairs and they asked if I was Mrs Tomlinson , and I said yes .
" They said : ' Have you heard about the G20 ?
I said : ' I do n't know what you 're talking about . '
" They said : ' If you 'd like to sit down , then we 'll explain to you .
And they said : ' Your husband was caught up in the G20 riots , and he suddenly collapsed and died of a heart attack . "
Police then refused to allow her to see his body in the Royal London Hospital , she added .
" Six days later , I was n't allowed to go and see him , " she said .
" I did n't understand why they did n't want me to go and see him – if someone dies of a heart attack , you get to go and see him .
But they were n't letting me . "
They also disclosed that , when a post - mortem examination was completed three days after Tomlinson died , police gave them an edited version of the results .
The family were not told that a forensic pathologist had found large amounts of blood in his stomach , a suspected dog bite on his leg and a number of other injuries .
" Now we know that it was n't a heart attack ... that he died of internal bleeding . "
King said : " We 've been confused by the City police , Metropolitan police , IPCC to not say anything : ' Do n't say anything , because you 'll jeopardise the case ' .
" I think we 've been so confused with all that – do n't say this , do n't say that , even down to do n't talk to the media – they 've made us quite scared to talk .
" The IPCC have finished their investigation , we have n't been able to talk , and we just want to let people know how we feel .
We are grieving . "
Germany ’s main political parties have reached a deal on a law that will enable Berlin to ratify the EU ’s Lisbon treaty .
The legislation was tweaked to comply with the constitution , giving the German parliament more say at European level .
However , some politicians have demanded bigger changes which could delay ratification until after national elections next month .
Along with Germany — Ireland , Poland and the Czech Republic are the only other EU states yet to adopt the treaty , which aims to streamline EU decision making .
Irish voters rejected it last year but are due to take part in a second referendum this October .
All 27 member states must approve Lisbon for it to take effect and any delay could be embarrassing for Chancellor Angela Merkel who ’s spearheaded efforts to ratify the treaty .
Red Cross issues harrowing report on situation in Gaza
By Jean Shaoul
6 July 2009
A report from the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) , “ Gaza : 1.5 million people trapped in despair , ” paints a harrowing picture of a humanitarian catastrophe .
Israel ’s military offensive against Gaza killed more than 1,300 people , wounded many more , made tens of thousands of people homeless , and destroyed much of Gaza ’s infrastructure .
Six months later , the report says , its inhabitants have been unable to rebuild their lives due to Israel ’s blockade :
“ Most people struggle to make ends meet .
Seriously ill patients face great difficulty obtaining the treatment they need .
Many children suffer from deep psychological problems .
Civilians whose homes and belongings were destroyed during the conflict are unable to recover .
The quantities of goods now entering Gaza fall well short of what is required to meet the population ’s needs . ”
Israel has tightened the noose round Gaza .
In May 2009 , the Israeli authorities allowed only 2,662 truckloads of goods — less than 90 a day — to enter Gaza from Israel , less than one quarter of the 11,392 truckloads allowed in during April 2008 .
At least 250 truckloads a day are needed just to provide the most basic humanitarian items .
Gaza only survives due to the goods smuggled in via the tunnels under the border with Egypt , which were one of the main targets of Israel ’s aerial bombardment last January and which have been rapidly repaired .
Smuggling through the tunnels is highly dangerous .
Last year , 40 were killed in cave - ins .
Israel has allowed no reconstruction materials in since the end of its military operation in January .
Not one penny of the $ 1.33 billion pledged for reconstruction last March at an international donors ’ conference in Egypt — far short of the $ 2.4 billion that the UN estimated was needed — has reached Gaza .
Repair work has yet to begin .
As the ICRC says , the neighbourhoods particularly affected by Israel ’s bombardment “ will continue to look like the epicentre of a massive earthquake unless vast quantities of cement , steel and other building materials are allowed into the territory for reconstruction . ”
Many who lost their homes are living in cramped conditions with relatives , while thousands who have nowhere else to go are living in tents .
The military offensive destroyed electricity , water and sanitation services .
There have been no supplies of new water pipes , electrical spare parts , pumps and transformers allowed into Gaza .
While some emergency repairs have been carried out , the overall level is totally unsatisfactory .
The infrastructure is overloaded and subject to constant breakdowns .
Ninety percent of people suffer from power cuts while 10 percent have no power at all .
Thirty - two thousand have no running water and more than 100,000 get water only once every two or three days .
Every single day , 69 million litres of partially treated or completely untreated sewage — equal to 28 Olympic size swimming pools — have to be pumped straight into the Mediterranean because there are no facilities to treat it .
Even though chlorine is used to disinfect the water , there is a danger that sewage will seep into the water supply .
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) , which looks after Palestinian refugees , says the rate of infectious diseases , including diarrhoea and viral hepatitis , which result from bad water and sanitation , has risen .
Gazans have little access to healthcare .
The hospitals are run down , short of electricity , medication and prosthetics , and their equipment is unreliable .
Some 100 to 150 people who lost limbs in the recent offensive are still waiting to be fitted with artificial limbs .
Few seriously ill patients are given permits to leave Gaza and receive treatment elsewhere .
Even when they do , transferring through the Erez crossing into Israel is a nightmare .
Patients on life support machines have to be removed from ambulances and carried 60 - 80 metres on stretchers to ambulances waiting on the other side .
Those who can walk are subject to extensive questioning before they are allowed to leave and are often refused permission to leave .
The blockade has strangled Gaza ’s economy .
Unemployment has soared to 44 percent .
The restrictions on Gaza ’s imports and exports have closed 96 percent of industrial production , with the loss of 70,000 jobs .
An ICRC survey in May 2008 showed that even then , over 70 percent of the population were living in poverty , with families of seven to nine members living on less than US $ 250 a month .
Up to 40 percent of families are very poor , with an income of under $ 120 a month .
Every person who works or runs their own business has to support six or seven people , plus members of their extended family .
Families are down to one meal a day .
They have had to forego meat , chicken and eggs .
Supermarket shelves are empty , apart from staples provided by UN agencies and European Union donations .
This has resulted in tens of thousands of children suffering deficiencies of iron , vitamin A and D , leading to stunted growth , of bones and teeth , difficulty in fighting off infection , tiredness and a lower capacity to learn .
Many food items are simply not available , while even the most basic foodstuffs are selling at vastly inflated prices .
In a particularly poignant passage , the report says , “ Most of the very poor have exhausted their coping mechanisms . ”
They have sold absolutely everything they have , including their productive assets such as livestock and fishing boats .
They can not reduce spending on food any more .
The worst affected are the children who make up half of Gaza ’s population .
Farming families , who make up one quarter of the population , have been badly hit .
Unable to export their produce to Europe via Israel because of the closures , they cannot sell their produce in Gaza or only at a fraction of the export price .
They can not get access to fertilisers , fodder for their livestock , spare parts for their machinery , and many varieties of seedlings .
During the three - week offensive earlier this year the Israeli army uprooted thousands of citrus , olive and palm groves , destroyed irrigation systems , wells and greenhouses .
Israel has imposed “ no go ” zones up to one kilometre in length on the Gaza side of the border with Israel , preventing farmers from accessing their land .
At least 30 percent of Gaza ’s arable land is affected .
Should farmers enter their own land , they risk being shot at by Israeli troops .
Israel has curtailed fishing by cutting the area within which Gazans may fish from six , well below the international limit , to three nautical miles from Gaza ’s coastline .
Most of the bigger fish and sardines , which constituted 70 percent of the catch two years ago , are outside the new limit .
People cannot leave to see their families or to get education or training .
Gazans awarded Fulbright scholarships to go to universities in the United States were refused exit visas .
Restrictions on travel also include the Palestinian staff of the various aid agencies .
The Rafah border point with Egypt is no better .
Last week , Israel refused entry to the UN human rights enquiry led by the South African Judge Richard Goldstone into last January ’s military operation .
Palestinian witnesses gave testimonies to the enquiry that were broadcast live from a UN office in Gaza City .
On June 29 , Israel intercepted and boarded a boat , chartered by the Free Gaza Movement , which was in international waters off the coast of Gaza , because it was bringing humanitarian aid into Gaza .
The ICRC and 40 international aid agencies and non-governmental organisations have issued a statement condemning Israel ’s blockade and calling for the two - year - long siege to be lifted .
That the 1.5 million Palestinians who live in Gaza are trapped , as the ICRC says , “ in an unending cycle of deprivation and despair ” is entirely due to the deliberate and criminal actions taken by the Israeli government , with the support of Washington and the major European powers .
The present blockade began when the Palestinian Intifada broke out in September 2000 following Ariel Sharon ’s provocative visit to the Temple Mount / Haram El Sharif in the Old City of Jerusalem aimed at torpedoing any peaceful resolution of the long running conflict between Israel and the Palestinians .
Israel closed its borders with the West Bank and Gaza .
In January 2006 , Israel tightened the blockade after the election of Hamas , which Israel and the US designate as a terrorist organisation .
Tel Aviv began to withhold the taxes and revenues collected by Israel due to the Gaza authorities .
It got support from the European powers for economic sanctions against the Hamas government .
The blockade became an all - out siege in June 2007 , after Hamas routed its rival , Fatah , which had received money , arms and training from Israel and the US and support from Egypt to overthrow the Hamas government and recapture power in a military shoot out .
Since then , Israel only allowed in a tiny amount of essential “ humanitarian aid , ” food , fuel and medical supplies .
The ICRC report confirms that Gazans are living in what can only be described as a vast prison .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Researchers at MIT ’s Picower Institute for Learning and Memory have found that rats use a mental instant replay of their actions to help them decide what to do next , shedding new light on how animals and humans learn and remember .
The work will appear in the Aug. 27 issue of the journal Neuron .
“ By understanding how thoughts and memories are structured , we can gain insight into how they might be disrupted in diseases and disorders of memory and thought such as Alzheimer 's and schizophrenia , ” said study author Matthew A. Wilson , the Sherman Fairchild Professor of Neuroscience at the Picower Institute .
“ This understanding may lead to new methods of diagnosis and treatment . ”
Wilson ’s laboratory explores how rats form and recall memories by recording — with an unprecedented level of accuracy — the activity of single neurons in the hippocampus while the animal is performing tasks , pausing between actions and sleeping .
The hippocampus is the seahorse - shaped brain region researchers believe to be critical for learning and memory .
Wilson ’s previous work has shown that after the animals run a maze , their brains “ replay ” during sleep the sequence of events they experienced while awake .
Researchers believe this process is key to sleep - reinforced memory consolidation in both animals and humans .
The latest study shows that these sequences also occur when the animals are awake and may help them decide what to do next .
Not - so - instant replay
When a rat moves through a maze , certain neurons called “ place cells , ” which respond to the animal ’s physical environment , fire in patterns and sequences unique to different locations .
By looking at the patterns of firing cells , researchers can tell which part of the maze the animal is running .
While the rat is awake but standing still in the maze , its neurons fire in the same pattern of activity that occurred while it was running .
The mental replay of sequences of the animals ’ experience occurs in both forward and reverse time order .
“ This may be the rat equivalent of ‘ thinking , ’ ” Wilson said .
“ This thinking process looks very much like the reactivation of memory that we see during non-REM dream states , consisting of bursts of time - compressed memory sequences lasting a fraction of a second .
“ So , thinking and dreaming may share the same memory reactivation mechanisms , ” he said .
Memory ’s building blocks
“ This study brings together concepts related to thought , memory and dreams that all potentially arise from a unified mechanism rooted in the hippocampus , ” said co-author Fabian Kloosterman , senior postdoctoral associate .
The team ’s results show that long experiences , which in reality could have taken tens of seconds or minutes , are replayed in only a fraction of a second .
To do this , the brain links together smaller pieces to construct the memory of the long experience .
The researchers speculated that this strategy could help different areas of the brain share information — and deal with multiple memories that may share content — in a flexible and efficient way .
“ These results suggest that extended replay is composed of chains of shorter subsequences , which may reflect a strategy for the storage and flexible expression of memories of prolonged experience , ” Wilson said .
Moreover , by comparing the content of the replay with the rat 's physical location on the track and his actual behavior immediately before and after the replay event the researchers could tell the rat was not just thinking about his most recent experience but also about other options , such as : " What if I turned around and went back the way I came ? " or " How would I get here if my starting point is at a distant location ? "
This suggests that the same brain mechanisms come into play to remember the past and consider future actions , reinforcing recent work by neuroscientists outside of MIT who determined that in humans , cognitive processes related to episodic recall and evaluation of future events overlap to a high degree .
Memory formation and future planning are among the cognitive functions ravaged by diseases such as Alzheimer 's disease , schizophrenia and psychosis .
“ A better understanding of how we use memories , not only to learn from past experiences but also to explore our future options , can give us insights into how the system fails under these disease conditions , ” Kloosterman said .
The MIT researchers plan to further explore the link between awake replay and cognition in animals engaged in more cognitively demanding tasks such as those involving multiple choices , where the rat has to make a decision ( " do I go left or right ? " ) based on a prior learned rule .
In addition to Wilson , the study was led jointly by Kloosterman and MIT brain and cognitive sciences graduate student Thomas J. Davidson .
Provided by Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( news : web )
Explore further MIT researcher explains how rats think
Anika Kehrer
The first part of the Fraunhofer Institute whitepaper with the title " Document Interoperability : Open Document Format and Office Open XML " describes use cases in which ODF and OOXML would work well together .
The second part analyzes both in terms of the demands the use cases make .
In the introduction , the authors hope that their analysis " will be useful in understanding how the ODF and OOXML standards compare , and how their functionality can be mapped between the two formats . "
However , they do not compare implementations of the standards " which can cause additional kinds of interoperability problems . "
The results are rather sobering .
Whether the conversion from one document type to the other is successful depends on the complexity and functionality of the document as well as the " translatability level " of the tool used .
A closed loop where , say , an ODF document is converted to OOXML and then back again is nigh impossible .
The problems arise , according to the analysis , from the ambiguities of the standards and the extensions to the document formats , even if they conform to the standards .
The success ultimately lies in the instruments used , which the standards often do n't cover .
The authors recommend developing validators for the purpose .
All in all , the basic compatibility between ODF and OOXML remains largely undefined .
In its conclusion , the whitepaper addresses Open Source activities by identifying their strengths and successes : " There are still many unanswered questions in the field of document interoperability .
However , current developments in the field of the standardization as well as interested communities in the Open Source environment are working on and providing solutions to solvable questions and providing clearer views on limitations . "
The 90 - page whitepaper is available as PDF after a short registration .
The Fraunhofer Institute for Open Communication Systems ( FOKUS ) in Berlin is the author and publisher , with some acknowledgements to ( and possible financial help from ) Microsoft .
WASHINGTON , July 25 ( UPI ) -- A U.S. Army colonel says he was celebrating his retirement by serving a military rations pound cake he had saved since 1973 .
To celebrate his retirement Friday at the Pentagon , Col. Henry Moak opened a " C rations " can he received while serving in Vietnam and had vowed to save the until his last day in the service , CNN reported .
Advertisement
Back when he was serving " in country , " the pound cake in the vacuum packed cans were his favorite ration , the told the broadcaster .
" I would eat it any chance I could get , but not all of the meals came with pound cake , " he said before opening it , warning , " I wo n't eat it if it 's black and moldy . "
But there was no need to worry .
Even though it was 36 years old , the can revealed a still - edible yellow cake , which Moak cut with a ceremonial sword he also used to slice his real retirement cake , CNN said .
" It 's good , it 's still kind of moist , " declared Moak , taking a bite .
Me : “ Thank you for calling [ pool supply store ] , how may I help you ? ”
Customer : “ Hi , I think I may have a problem with my pool . ”
Me : “ Can you describe the problem ? ”
Customer : “ Well , I reached into my skimmer this morning to clean it , and I got shocked so bad that I got thrown against the fence .
So I went around to the other side and that skimmer shocked me too !
What do you think is wrong ? ”
Me : “ Sounds like there is a short in your electrical equipment .
You should shut down all power to the pool and call an electrician right away . ”
Customer : “ So is it safe to swim ? ”
Summary : Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain
The following accounts on Digg , Reddit , Mixx , Propeller , Twitter and many other websites are dedicated almost exclusively to spreading content published by Roy Schestowitz through his BoycottNovell ( BN ) blog as well as Usenet .
They are all operated by the same person :
CyberPhoenix
AstralKnight
DiamondWakizashi
BoycottMicrosoft
BoycottWindows
NastyMicrosoft
Continue reading below for evidence and additional details .
[ Update ]
As of mid-September 2009 or so , activity from all these accounts seems to have ceased .
Occasional monitoring of some of the targeted web sites has not turned up additional aliases engaging in the same behavior .
If I may be so bold , it looks like this worked as expected =)
“ And he asked him , " What is thy name ? "
And he answered , saying , " My name is Legion : for we are many . " „
Mark 5:9
And he asked him , " What is thy name ? "
And he answered , saying , " My name is Legion : for we are many . "
This person has many " nyms " or aliases , so we could call him CyberAstralNastyBoycottPhoenixKnight , but for brevity we 'll just refer to him [ 1 ] as SpamBoy .
We 'll begin with the first and oldest known alias and work our way up from there .
The CyberPhoenix alias has been active , as far as I can tell , since mid-2007 .
His activity can be traced initially to Digg , where he submitted hundreds and hundreds of articles over the span of a few months .
Here are a few examples :
As you can see , there 's a bit of a ... uh , pattern there .
This account was deleted on 2008 - 10 - 05 , probably for TOS violations . [ 2 ]
This Digg aggregator / analysis tool shows that the account did indeed exist , how many stories were pushed to the front page with it and the date it was deleted .
At around the same time , SpamBoy targeted Mixx , where he 's managed to avoid banning so far .
Using the Mixx activity history on his account , we can see that his first submission was to an Inquirer story on November 26 , 2007 .
Since there are 20 submissions per page plus 18 on page 177 : 176 x 20 + 18 = 3,538
So for the last 21 months , SpamBoy has submitted an average of 168 articles per month to Mixx , or just over 5 per day .
That does not include his parallel submissions to Digg at the time , at least until his account was deleted , and it does not include other activity that we 'll get to in a bit .
I should point out that not all of the Mixx submissions point to Schestowitz ' material of course , but most of them do one way or another ( he has a few interesting ones there ) .
The current modus operandi on Mixx seems to be to submit stories that point to a domain called " tweetme " , which in turn point to the Digg submissions of the BoycottWindows alias ( see below ) , which then point to his ( now suspended ) BoycottMicrosoft blog on my.opera.com , which finally end up linking to BN .
For example , this submission goes to this tweetme page , and then to this Digg page which in turn links to my .opera.com — although again that blog no longer exists ( we do have a screenshot of it though , see the section for that alias below ) .
Of course not all of his Mixx spam is so convoluted .
Many submissions go directly to the dead Opera blog , while some link directly to BN .
I 'm not sure if this is a retarded attempt at obfuscation or some sort of social web extension / mashup voodoo or what , but at least he ensures maximum coverage I suppose .
On Reddit , a CyberPhoenix account has been active for about a year .
Although the activity tabs of the profile are empty , using Google to search Reddit yields a comment in this story .
Quote :
ASUS needs to replace the Abusive Monopolist tainted Xandros pseudo - Linux with a REAL Linux distro .
( permalink ) ( screenshot )
On Reddit it 's possible to delete one 's own comments and submissions ( even an account ) .
The comment is obviously gone from the profile but it remains in the story , so I guess that might be a glitch of some sort .
There are probably more that Google can't find , including many submissions as well :
Note the third link was recently re-submitted with the AstralKnight account .
Funny that , eh ?
On other sites
On Slashdot : http://slashdot.org/~CyberPhoenix/ ( comments )
Propeller : http://www.propeller.com/member/cyberphoenix/
( seems inactive , not sure if it's the same person )
There is also a Twitter account , but that 's definitely not SpamBoy .
The AstralKnight alias appeared around January of 2009 almost simultaneously on Digg , Twitter , Reddit and Propeller .
The Digg account ( dead link obviously ) was used extensively as well , and also probably deleted for TOS violations on 2009 - 05 - 25 .
Below are some of his submissions :
[ Update ]
This account was deleted or blocked for TOS violations by Reddit on 2009 - 08 - 31 .
The wording below was modified to reflect that .
On Reddit , the account was active for about 5 months .
Again using the history feature we see that he submitted just over 1,000 stories ( last page here ) .
This account was interesting because it was used almost exclusively to submit posts made by Roy Schestowitz to the USENET group comp.os.linux.advocacy , or COLA .
Since Schestowitz ' submissions to COLA can be described without equivocation as a veritable crapflood ( that 's just a two - hour period of a single day ) , our friend SpamBoy ( the subject of this article , not the other one ) had his work cut out for him , volume - wise .
Additionally , with the AstralKnight account SpamBoy perfected ( or perhaps continued ) his technique of pasting idiotic prefab comments as responses to people who complained about his flamebait .
Literally hundreds of times over .
Ready ?
Click here ( dead link now , click here for a screenshot of Google cache ) .
Now compare to his comments on Mixx .
On Digg he did the same thing .
For example , see the first comment here , and compare to , say , this or this .
Or just look at this screenshot , taken before the account was deleted .
The other thing that SpamBoy did with the AstralKnight alias on Digg and Reddit was to " spin " whatever Schestowitz had posted on a given day by linking to the principal source of the article on BN .
For example , the first link in the group above is just a regurgitation of this .
That way he could at least keep up the appearance of not linking directly to BN .
Of course that takes time and effort , so he eventually gave up on it .
There 's also a Twitter account with this alias .
Apparently the only thing he 's been doing with that the past few weeks is post links to his submissions page on Reddit with the text " The latest news about Microsoft crimes and quality open source alternatives " .
I suppose the 140 - char limit eventually got to him .
Then we have Propeller , where SpamBoy has operated an account for about 5 months , with more that 350 submissions at this point ( none of which seem to have been voted up ) .
These submissions point almost exclusively links to his Reddit submissions , which in turn as we already saw are links to Schestowitz ' USENET posts .
And finally , he also has an account on OSNews , created quite recently .
Apparently he pissed people off to the point that his comments were deleted .
On other sites
Slashdot : http://slashdot.org/~AstralKnight ( no activity )
Mixx : http://www.mixx.com/users/AstralKnight ( yes , another Mixx account )
This is an alias that SpamBoy uses only to post comments to BN .
Usually something along the lines of " Novell is Microsoft 's bitch " and brainy stuff like that .
It 's easy to tie this alias to the rest .
If the writing style is n't a dead giveaway , he also makes the classic nymshifter mistake of linking to content created with his other aliases — in this case his suspended blog on my.opera.com .
Another ?
Here he is linking to something " funny " he spammed Reddit with not 24 hours before .
Apparently not satisfied with his righteous work so far , SpamBoy decided to get even more creative .
This account was created around the beginning of June 2009 on my.opera.com as a sort of nexus for some of the others .
It was very active , but ( un ) fortunately it 's now been suspended , likely also for TOS violations .
The link between this alias and the others is easy to establish .
For example , the CyberPhoenix profile on Mixx has his home page set to that ( screenshot ) , in addition obviously to linking to it repeatedly in his submissions ( this being the first one ) .
We already saw DiamondWakizashi link to it as well .
Here is AstralKnight linking to it as well ( screenshot ) .
Of course you 're probably wondering what it is that BoycottMicrosoft did on his Opera blog .
Up until a week or so the Google cache of that page was available , but unfortunately it 's gone now ( probably because the Opera server was returning a 404 on the page ) .
Fortunately I managed to snag a screenshot .
For just $ 9.95 ( plus shipping and handling ) you get a Windows logo doctored to look like a swastika and plenty of links to BN .
Created as a sort of add - on to the BoycottMicrosoft one , on Digg , Twitter and Reddit ( now deleted , also for TOS violations ) .
It was used exclusively to submit links to the now defunct Opera blog , which in turn as we mentioned linked to BN .
He uses the same clever swastika logo there and everything .
All of his tweets point to his Digg submissions .
The Reddit account was deleted after complaints were filed , but it 's still possible to find articles submitted ( also includes a comment ) with it — of course all linking to the Opera blog .
Interestingly , a Reddit user might have been responsible for the suspension of the Opera blog .
This is a screenshot of the Google cache view of the original page showing his activity .
Here is an example of the kind of multi-section spamming for which he was banned .
But a simple thing like a ban does not stop a man on an important mission like this one , so there 's more .
This one is just a flat - out spam machine on Digg , Twitter and Reddit .
It does nothing but link to BN and vote up submissions by BoycottWindows on Digg .
As can be seen in this screenshot , the account is essentially the same as BoycottWindows .
I 'm surprised it has n't been deleted as well .
The pattern of copypasta replies can be seen here ( screenshot ) .
I think SpamBoy just got tired of pretending he was doing anything other than promoting BN ( especially the idiotic obfuscation he tried to pull off with his Opera blog and Twitter ) and decided to create another alias to save himself some time .
An account on FSDaily that is dedicated almost exclusively to posting links to BN .
Of all the users on that website , komrad has the best karma in town .
But since he does not link to other accounts or post comments , there is no evidence of this being tied to SpamBoy , other than the fact that coincidence is usually not that elastic .
How many devoted fans with OCD can Schestowitz possibly , after all ?
There 's also a Twitter account , but that 's just one of those scummy " make millions licking envelopes from home " spammers .
Then again , maybe there is n't that much of a difference between the two .
Still , the komrad account is rather old , so I might be more inclined to believe that this is one of his more established collaborators instead .
Other sightings ¶
Some potential dopplegangers spotted around the ' net doing the usual diligent perception management work .
A rather interesting account called No More Microsoft Software Ever ! ( aww ) that was brought to my attention seems to be pushing the stock BoycottBoy talking points on the ZDNet forums with uncharacteristic zeal .
See for example the thread attached to this article .
Looking at some of those posts I think we might have a winner .
If not SpamBoy himself , this guy definitely gives off a lot of BN minion mojo .
Curiously , an individual message posted with this account that I had previously linked to from here was deleted .
Reactions to SpamBoy ¶
It 's not hard to imagine that SpamBoy 's activities are generally described as spam ( right ! ) .
But it 's just not the spam itself .
It 's the idiotic way he goes about his business that tends to rub people the wrong way .
Other than his canned responses , he uses phrases like " low - quality garbageware " , " Novell is Microsoft 's bitch ..... LOL !!! " , " Abusive monopolist " , etc .
It 's like reading something written by an incoherent mental ward escapee that has to use a limited vocabulary and a collection of canned text paragraphs in order to communicate .
Couple that with the pattern of accusing anyone that complains about his spamming of being " astroturfers " [ 12 ] and you start getting the idea .
On Digg the response was basically limited to people berating him in the comments , but Reddit is a bit more democratic , so there have been several well - received complaints about his spamming , at least one of which possibly resulted in the deletion of the BoycottWindows account and / or the BoycottMicrosoft blog on Opera :
That 's a lot of grief .
Someone even got desperate enough to request a GreaseMonkey script to filter the spam ( assuming one is using Firefox ) :
Finally , the complaint that probably ended up causing the removal of the account :
Even over at Mixx people noticed what was going on and linked to this page :
Those who complain about all this are dismissed as being " the usual haters " .
And they might all even work for Microsoft , of course .
Those who think SpamBoy is being " abused " because he " tells the truth " and so on are usually not aware of the extent of his spamming , or are " advocates " ( I use that term loosely ) who believe it is their God - given right to crap all over everything and disrupt any community or newsgroup if it furthers their righteous battle against the evil empire .
Something that stands out with the first three of SpamBoy 's aliases is their apparent association with the gaming culture , something that I figured out rather quickly simply by looking at Google search results .
CyberPhoenix has to do with some card game called Yu - Gi - Oh ! , AstralKnight seems to be related to either something called Tohou Project or a Nintendo game called BomberMan 64 and DiamondWakizashi might be out of something called " Naruto " . [ 3 ]
Besides the obvious lack of originality of course , this perhaps indicates that SpamBoy might be one of those angry acne-ravaged teenagers that live with their parents and have way too much time on their hands .
Then again , I might have this all wrong .
So it was interesting to find this I guess , although that does n't seem to be in character .
It would be fair to argue that since not absolutely all of his endless submissions to social bookmarking sites point to something Roy Schestowitz writes , promotion of his apparent advocacy role model and authority figure is n't his primary motivation .
However , the sheer volume of links to either BN or COLA posts by Schestowitz pretty much dwarfs everything else .
By far .
So it might be helpful to think about it this way .
In order to be SpamBoy , you need to :
Be a rather enthusiastic FOSS enthusiast .
Hate Microsoft .
I do n't mean figuratively , but literally .
Be positively enthralled by anything and everything Roy Schestowitz writes .
Have a massive amount of free time on your hands .
Possess a near - limitless reservoir of stamina to keep this crap up for at least two years ( so far ) .
You can easily go 2 for 5 here most of the time .
Maybe 3 for 5 . But 5 for 5 ?
That 's special .
Really special .
Still , it 's not just a matter of declaring SpamBoy a shill .
His principal objective might not be the promotion of a specific person or website .
It might very well be that he has simply picked one ( with a high level of daily output ) specifically to carry out his saturation assault on the web in the name of freedom or whatever .
And given the available evidence so far , it would also be misleading to just claim that he is in cahoots with Schestowitz , although he 's the single obvious beneficiary of SpamBoy 's activities . [ 9 ]
But we 'll examine that in more detail below .
So who the hell is this person ?
Let 's run through some possibilities .
Someone who is trying to discredit Schestowitz and / or BN ¶
Given the negative reception SpamBoy has almost everywhere , I suppose we have to take this into account .
Entertained primarily by him and his collaborators , obviously .
I could possibly buy this is if the alleged attack was n't so exhaustive and CyberPhoenix had not preceded the other aliases , because he started out actually not linking to BN .
An ineffective and obnoxious advocate perhaps , but one nonetheless .
The level of effort and time that would have to be put into this is beyond comprehension — and there are many other less complicated and less expensive ways to discredit people , especially someone like Schestowitz .
Some unknown dude that just appeared out of nowhere ¶
I suppose this is possible but unlikely because SpamBoy seems to be at least slightly familiar with FOSS advocacy , even if he happens to completely slaughter it by way of his methods and the material he tends to promote .
It 's also unlikely that someone would suddenly meet the 5 point criteria mentioned in the Motivation section above .
Roy Schestowitz in drag ¶
I doubt this , but I had to include it because it's been a constant accusation from people who have run into SpamBoy on his various target sites .
I do n't have a particularly high opinion of Schestowitz , but I think this would be too gutter — even for him .
It would also mean that he 's actually fabricating time out of thin air , considering the volume of activity he engages in under his own name every day .
One of his cadre ( the BoycottBoys ) ¶
Also unlikely since there would be some indication of this somewhere , because as a group they do n't tend to be particularly bright . [ 5 ]
Also , none of them ( with a single possible exception [ 6 ] ) seem to match an informal corpus analysis of SpamBoy 's work .
Unless there 's a member of the club I still have n't had the pleasure of spotting .
There is some indication that SpamBoy might be at the very least logged into Schestowitz ' IRC channel .
See for example the reaction time to this , although I 'm not sure about the GMT offset of the IRC log 's timestamps .
The ' 7 ' guy from comp.os.linux.advocacy ¶
If you 've ever had the misfortune of spending any amount of time on this newsgroup , you have probably run into this person .
He literally goes by the handle ' 7 ' .
Now , COLA is not exactly the most interesting collection of human beings on the internet [ 7 ] , but ' 7 ' is among the worst by far .
Of special interest here is the habit of replying with prefab tripe to just about every comment .
For example :
Or this as well .
And I 'm not the first person to notice it .
There are also some similarities from a corpus perspective .
I mentioned the use of repeated interstitial CAPS for emphasis and the pattern of using !!! to end sentences .
The way his comments are structured also indicates a possible match .
Another coincidence is the fact that besides Schestowitz ' posts to COLA , AstralKnight also spams Reddit with a lot of idiotic comments by ' 7 ' there .
For example :
You'd think he would post links to comments by people other than ' 7 ' and Schestowitz , but no , that 's not the case as far as I can tell .
That said , I would be less than honest if I did n't mention that if we entertain the idea that he is indeed SpamBoy , his corpus outside of COLA posts that is not comprised exclusively of trollish canned templates does not seem to match this person 's alleged meatspace identity .
There are comments made early in the life of the AstralKnight account on Reddit and many of his Mixx submissions that simply do n't fit with the stuff a middle - aged Brit would be concerned with , like gun control or Zionism .
This also breaks down with the gaming angle mentioned before to a certain extent , although I suppose it 's possible to be a failed inventor and a fan of Japanese children 's games ( one of my co-workers is a respected Java architect and book author with published CS and engineering papers , yet he spends large amounts of time playing military - style shooter games online when he's at home ) .
So is SpamBoy the same person as ' 7 ' ?
I think there 's a high probability of that being the case , but so far it 's impossible to prove , and it will likely be less so once this is published .
Still , if someone has some evidence that would tie him to these aliases , I 'll be more than happy to revisit this .
His " outing " on COLA might be incorrect , for example . [ 8 ]
Mark Fink ¶
The Mark Fink fiasco prompted some people to theorize that the person behind that alias was also SpamBoy .
There are many similarities between ' Fink ' and ' 7 ' once we compare their posts to Ubuntu mailing lists and COLA ( respectively ) .
Not enough to completely nail it , but enough to generate suspicion .
There is one curious factoid that might be interesting though .
If we look at the FinkGate timeline , there is a one year gap ( almost to the day ) between the two appearances ' Fink ' made on the Ubuntu mailing lists .
SpamBoy 's original CyberPhoenix Digg account was deleted on October of 2008 , and although he seems to have been active on Mixx the whole time , it 's interesting that ' Fink ' made his second appearance a few months after SpamBoy redoubled his spamming efforts with the AstralKnight alias .
Coincidence ?
Of course it 's possible that Fink is ' 7 ' but has no relation whatsoever with SpamBoy .
Or that SpamBoy is Fink but has nothing to do with ' 7 ' .
The possibilities are endless when there are so many personalities .
Sometimes the scraps of available evidence are more interesting insofar as what they do n't show .
Regardless of SpamBoy 's identity , the elephant in the room here is obviously the fact that his main online activity involves disseminating everything Roy Schestowitz publishes .
It is also a fact that Schestowitz is quite aware of his activities going back to the end of 2007 . [ 4 ]
So it 's more than fair that we examine the possibility that SpamBoy might be working with / for him in some fashion .
I already mentioned the possibility that SpamBoy is just evangelizing in his own slimy way and simply happened to pick Schestowitz as his primary content provider .
The question to ask here is whether or not there is any type of collusion . [ 10 ]
I 'm not the kind of person who automatically assumes the worst , even in cases where the worst might be the thing I would enjoy seeing happen .
I 've already made it clear that I do n't believe SpamBoy is associated directly with BN .
A few weeks ago I received a private message through Reddit with a link to one of Schestowitz ' IRC logs .
As you can see there , Schestowitz removes AstralKnight 's Twitter subscription [ 11 ] from his IRC channel after noting that his tweets are " stupid " .
When I initially saw this I thought that was a good move , since having SpamBoy 's infantile mutterings all over his logs was detrimental at best .
Along with previous evidence of him being aware of SpamBoy but denying any knowledge or association with him , this helped reinforce my belief that SpamBoy was indeed working completely on his own without any contact whatsoever .
But then something crawled up my frontal lobe and made me do a second take on that conversation .
That looks forced .
I read that a few times and all I saw was this :
" Hey there everybody I 'm disavowing this guy .... ready ?
OK here I go ... HIGH FIVE , I just banned him !
Did everyone see that ?
I totally just did ! "
There are obviously two ways to interpret this .
Either he 's just being honest and just wants to disassociate himself from SpamBoy , or he wants something he can point to and say " see , I have nothing to do with this dude , I even called him stupid " .
Why make such a big show out of that ?
I have a hard time believing that Schestowitz did not recognize the " micoshaft windummy ! ! ! " style of his friend ' 7 ' from COLA , which is what those tweets pointed at .
Yet he still called them " stupid " .
Why not just remove the thing from his Twitter script and be done with it ?
Further , I have an even harder time believing that SpamBoy would have continued his worship of Schestowitz after being called " stupid " — yet to this day he is still spamming the internet with Schestowitz ' effluvia .
So I kept thinking about the style of " damage control " he used during FinkGate .
After Fink craps all over the ubuntu - devel mailing list , insults half the regulars there by claiming they worked for " M$ " and / or Novell , and actually contacted someone 's boss to try to have them fired because of their alleged support for Mono , this is what Roy Schestowitz said to him :
I liked what you do , but try to distance yourself from the site to give it credibility .
Make it look like a personal gripe while the site keeps it polite .
In light of this , the alleged booting of AstralKnight 's tweets from his IRC channel with such fanfare takes on a different light , in my opinion .
If he had just removed the subscription from the script without announcing it to the world , I would n't have ended up putting two and two together .
I 'm not a cynical person , but this just smells a tad rotten .
Now , I 'm not implying that Schestowitz unleashed SpamBoy on the internet .
But what I do suspect is that he knows exactly who SpamBoy is , and he has no problem with what 's being done ( essentially ) in his name , as long as he gets a bigger audience in the end .
After all , he is obsessed with his traffic figures , how many GB his blog serves every month and how long it will take him to be " bigger than Groklaw " . [ 13 ]
Let 's look at some more interesting bits .
Despite claiming ( repeatedly , actually ) that he does n't know who AstralKnight is , Schestowitz seems to think poor SpamBoy is just a misunderstood soul :
look at the abuse AstralKnight gets [...]
The shills want him down
Remember he is not talking about the CyberPhoenix alias here , which I suppose he can be forgiven for encouraging since at that time SpamBoy had not yet started his reign of terror .
No , this is the Digg account that did nothing but submit links to his articles , cleverly spinned versions thereof , or his posts to COLA .
Here for example he says he does n't know who AstralKnight is again , yet as that guy on IRC correctly points out , Schestowitz had been consistently voting up SpamBoy 's Digg submissions — that second one in fact just a day after he removed his tweets from the IRC logs .
Maybe it 's because it just happens to link to a comment of his in COLA .
And then there are things like these :
The submitter gets abused by the usual bunch [...]
Seems like Microsoft 's agents perhaps .
They do have some , but I am not sure which ones
SpamBoy is abused by Microsoft agents , of course .
We just do n't know which ones .
All in all , I think we have a case of what Schestowitz likes to call useful idiots .
He 's not necessarily sponsoring the spam shitstorm , but he does n't seem to have too much trouble with it , either .
He could have contacted SpamBoy through Reddit for example ( they have a private message thing ) and asked him to tone it down at least .
And I think SpamBoy would have obliged him .
But again , he 's expendable ( ca n't be directly tied to him ) and too useful to just let go .
It 's sad , in a way .
I think Roy Schestowitz really does mean well .
But his quest of becoming the next Pamela Jones / Groklaw and creating a real community around his work has failed miserably , and instead he finds himself surrounded by a scary cadre of weirdos , spammers , nymshifters and abrasive idiots with dubious IQs who tend to do more harm than good to his cause .
And if he is indeed giving them the nod — if not outright encouraging them — then he 's partly responsible for their actions .
At the very least those actions ultimately reflect negatively on him , whether he likes it or not .
Any additional information that could be relevant to this article would be highly appreciated .
Please contact me if you have anything that you think could be useful . §
“ Digg is also seriously [ fucked ] because it 's gamed pretty badly . „
2009-03-06
Digg is also seriously [ fucked ] because it 's gamed pretty badly .
“ I usually report any suspicious submission as spam , at least as soon I spot a distinct and objectionable pattern .
When the same person always posts to the same domain , for instance , that 's a red flag . „
2006-09 - 17
I usually report any suspicious submission as spam , at least as soon I spot a distinct and objectionable pattern .
When the same person always posts to the same domain , for instance , that 's a red flag .
As a postgrad in the late ' 80s , Neil Bowers made some extra book money by acting as a helper in the computing lab .
At the time , undergrads were all working on a grindingly slow VAX - 11/780 , and Neil and his fellow postgrads were posted there for hands - on help .
This tended to be focused at the start of the year , when there were groups discovering Unix and programming for the first time .
One time , an Irish girl asked Neil for some help , saying that she could n’t understand what was going on : she thought her program looked right , but for some reason , each time she ran it she got partial output , and varying amounts of output each time .
The homework assignment she was working on involved writing a program that generated various values and wrote the results in ascii tabular form to a file .
Neil went over to her workstation and had a look at her source code .
Everything looked fine .
She showed him the file generated by her last run , and indeed , it looked truncated .
Hmmm .
" Ok , " Neil asked , " can you run your program for me , so I can see what happens ? " .
She typed ./ a.out and hit return .
Her left hand darted to the keyboard and she hit Control - C. Neil was still mentally processing this when she cat'd the output , and turned to say , " See ! "
It did indeed contain partial output .
Again .
" Um , " he paused , " can you just run it again please ? "
Neil figured that he must have not seen right .
But once again she typed ./ a.out , hit return , then whap !
she hit Control - C. Neil asked her why she hit Control - C every time she ran her program .
" Well , " she said confidently , " I discovered that Control - C makes the % prompt come up quicker ! "
Share
tweet
Some lucky mother and baby is about to get the coolest damn baby shower gift of all - time .
This hand - knit Legend of Zelda - themed Link baby outfit , complete with baby bottle quiver , is an amazing example of what an expert needle worker can do .
This is exactly why I ’m learning how to crochet , despite the incessant bullying .
I ’m about to kidnap some knitting granny , lock her up in a crate , and force her to make me an adult - sized version .
She ’ll get some cottage cheese and apple sauce if she ’s lucky .
Link
Half is great for those who like images , twice as much as they like any other content .
We designed it with two columns to serve this purpose .
AP
Restraint , Lacroix - style
IN THE end a shortage of cash brought out the best in Christian Lacroix , a fashion designer whose couture house filed for bankruptcy in May .
Unable to spend freely on what was probably his final show on July 7th , he presented restrained , wearable clothes in just a handful of colours — a far cry from his usual baroque fantasies .
Mr Lacroix 's fashion house had lost money every year since it was founded in 1987 inside LVMH , a luxury - goods group .
LVMH 's plan was to create a fashion house which would sell products from haute couture to handbags and perfume .
But Lacroix never had a hit perfume or an “ it ” bag .
In 2005 LVMH sold the firm for a nominal sum to the Falic Group , owner of Duty Free Americas , a retail chain .
Mr Lacroix persuaded the Falic Group to take the brand further upmarket .
The new owners closed two cheaper but profitable lines , Jeans and Bazar , and raised prices for ready - to - wear .
A plan to develop accessories never took off .
That left the firm particularly vulnerable to the recession .
Department stores in America have sharply reduced orders .
Last year Lacroix made a loss of € 10 m ( $ 15 m ) on sales of €30 m .
High - end fashion turns out to be more susceptible to downturns than leather goods or other accessories .
Even haute couture , says Luca Solca , an analyst at Bernstein Research , is not immune to the downward pressure on prices exerted by high - street brands such as Zara .
Moreover luxury firms need their own shops to weather adversity .
“ If you rely mostly on wholesale channels such as department stores you are highly vulnerable , ” says Pierre Mallevays of Savigny Partners , who oversaw the sale of Christian Lacroix by LVMH and recently advised the Falic Group on options for the firm .
Outsiders seldom succeed in turning around a luxury brand .
Permira , a private - equity firm which bought the Valentino fashion house in 2007 for € 5.3 billion , is another cautionary tale .
Valentino is trying to renegotiate its debt and Permira has reportedly written down its investment by roughly half .
But the economic crisis is likely to produce attractive acquisition opportunities for luxury 's three giants — LVMH , PPR ( another French conglomerate ) and Richemont ( a Swiss firm ) — although they are all likely to stay well clear of Mr Lacroix .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
Oasis front man Noel Gallagher has quit the rock group after a fallout with his bandmate brother , he announced late Friday .
" It 's with some sadness and great relief to tell you that I quit Oasis tonight , " Noel Gallagher said in a brief statement on the band 's Web site .
" People will write and say what they like , but I simply could not go on working with Liam a day longer . "
Noel Gallagher is the band 's lead guitarist and songwriter , and Liam Gallagher is the lead singer .
The band is currently on a European tour for its album , " Dig Out Your Soul . "
Noel Gallagher apologized to fans who had bought tickets for upcoming gigs in France , Germany and Italy .
Oasis had to cancel its headlining performance at the V Festival in Britain over the weekend because Liam Gallagher said he was sick and could n't sing .
He later apologized for the cancellation and quashed rumors that it was the band 's last - ever British gig .
Disputes between the brothers have been in the public eye in the past , but never before has one of the brothers gone so far as to leave the band .
Oasis shot to stardom with its 1994 album , " Definitely Maybe , " which contained the band 's first major hit , " Supersonic . "
The follow - up , " ( What 's the Story ) Morning Glory ? " produced one of group 's most famous tracks , " Wonderwall . "
The Manchester band was one of the pioneers of the Britpop movement of the early '90s , along with British band Blur .
All About Oasis ( Musical Group ) • Noel Gallagher • Liam Gallagher
The Busybody State
Why was the Big Green Gathering shut down by the authorities ?
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian , 3rd August 2009
Is it paranoia , or are they really out to get us ?
Most of the time it ’s paranoia .
Every week I ’m approached by people whispering about vapour trails from planes being used to control our minds , free energy devices suppressed by oil companies or missile attacks on the twin towers .
Sometimes , as we saw at the G20 protests on April 1st or at climate camp last year , they are out to get us .
The policing of these events shows that some of the UK ’s public authorities really do regard political activism as a threat that must be contained or eliminated .
So what do you make of this story ?
Right now the last stragglers should have been packing up their tents at the end of the Big Green Gathering .
It ’s a festival in Somerset that attracts about 20,000 people to listen to music , plan protests and raise money for green causes .
It has been running since 1994 and there has never been any significant trouble .
But this year the gathering did n’t happen .
On Friday 24th July , five days before the festival was due to open , the district council applied to the high court for an injunction against it ( 1 ) .
If they failed to abide by the injunction , the directors of the Big Green Gathering could have their assets seized and be fined or sent to prison .
The council ’s witness statement contained an impossible bind .
It maintained that “ the requisite consents can not at this late stage be granted ” ; then went on to explain that the order “ contains a proviso which will permit this event to run ” – as long as the gathering obtains the requisite consents ( 2 ) .
No one could blame the organisers for accepting defeat , handing back their licence and cancelling the festival .
The Big Green Gathering will now go bankrupt .
It ’s unlikely ever to happen again .
Cock - up or conspiracy ?
As any old hippy will tell you , festivals are n’t what they used to be .
Gone are the days when you could announce a happening , call up a few mates with drums and guitars and put the word out that something groovy and free was about to kick off .
In these buttoned - down times it would be treated like an Al Qaeda training camp .
Today you must apply for a licence and spend months of your life filling in forms and liaising with the various responsible authorities .
There are good reasons for this : it ensures that no one is crushed to death and that local people are n’t harried by intolerable noise and disruption .
There are also bad reasons : the controlling , snooping , curtain - twitching state tendencies which insist that all spontanaeity be planned six months in advance , that no one can ever take her top off or smoke homegrown weed or get a little bit outrageous – even within a festival site – for fear of offending some tight - arsed busybody in desperate need of a life .
The organisers applied for their licence in February , and spent the intervening months trying to meet the conditions .
These included 450 security guards , a steel perimeter fence and watch towers and free wristbands for twelve undercover police officers , who could move through the crowds ensuring that no one was enjoying themselves too much ( 3 ) .
The site would have more of the ambience of a prison camp than a hippy festival , but at least it would conform to regulations .
The gathering submitted a 100 - page management plan .
On June 30th the various authorities ( police , fire , environmental heath , county council and the rest ) said they were satisfied with the arrangements ( 4 ) .
The district council gave the festival a licence .
But in July the security company suddenly demanded that the gathering pay the whole fee up - front .
The festival refused and hired another company , which would take some of the money after the event .
So there was a cock - up .
But it does n’t wholly explain what happened next .
On July 23rd , the organisers were suddenly confronted with a list of demands which they believed they had already met .
The Devon and Somerset fire brigade demanded to know that the company hired by the festival , Midland Fire Services , had “ an acceptable level of competency ” ( 5 ) .
As Midland Fire Services has been employed by the gathering for several years without complaint , and as it does the same job for the Royal Tattoo , Womad , the Reading and Leeds festivals and other public events , the organisers could n’t understand why , at the 11th hour , its competence was suddenly being challenged .
The fire brigade has n’t been able to answer my questions .
But the real sticking point was the road closure order .
To keep its licence , the festival would need an order from Somerset County Council to shut the local roads to any traffic except the gathering ’s .
The organisers thought it was a formality : there had never been a problem before .
Out of the blue on Friday 24th , the county council told the gathering that its maps were incomplete , its signs did not conform to regulations and some of them “ are located within North Somerset and therefore we cannot approve their use . ” ( 6 ) The organisers responded that the maps and signs are the same ones they had used in previous years , since when the regulations have n’t changed and that the county council claims jurisdiction over the whole of Somerset , including the wayward north .
It approved the same signs in the same places in 2006 and 2007 ( 7 ) .
But – or so it seemed – the county council would not budge .
The application that the district council sent to the courts insisted that no road closure order had been granted .
Strangely , however , the only authority which did not submit a witness statement was Somerset county council .
So the organisers surrendered the licence , cancelled the festival , and set about the sorry task of clearing the site .
But as they were doing so , an odd thing happened .
They found two notices , one on a fence post , another in a hedge .
I have photos of them .
They are issued by Somerset County Council and dated 20th July 2009 .
They announce the closure of the roads leading to the festival .
So was a road closure order issued or not ?
Somerset county council sent me a response but did n’t answer my question about whether or not an order had been granted ( 8 ) .
The county council , the district council and Avon and Somerset police insist that they have done everything they can to facilitate the gathering , but that the organisers had n’t got their act together .
The organisers allege a deliberate attempt to bankrupt the Big Green Gathering : they say that the authorities left their new objections until the last minute .
This meant that they carried on spending right up to the eve of the festival , and that by then it was too late to get legal advice and mount a challenge .
They point out that if the road closure order had , in reality , been issued , the main sticking point was a fake one : the authorities had manufactured an excuse to close them down .
Are they being paranoid ?
I do n’t know .
But it looks pretty odd to me .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. Mendip District Council , 24th July 2009 .
Order For an Injunction against ( 1 ) The Big Green Gathering Company Limited ; ( 2 ) Denis France ; ( 3 ) Graham Edwin Oubridge .
2. Donna Nolan , Mendip District Council , 24th July 2009 .
Witness statement .
3. See Schnews , Monday 27th July 2009 .
http://www.schnews.org.uk/archive/news685.php
4. Mendip District Council , 30th June 2009 .
Minutes of the meeting of the Licensing Sub Committee .
5 . First raised at the Multi-agency meeting , 23rd July 2009 , then in the witness statement of Duncan White , Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service , 24th July 2009 .
6. Email from Mendip Highways , Somerset County Council , to Brig Oubridge , 12:24 pm , 24th July 2009 .
7. Email from Brig Oubridge to Mendip Highways , 2:15 pm , 24th July 2009 .
8. Email from Jan Hookings , Somerset County Council , to me , 5.13 pm 3rd August 2009 .
Craftsmanspace website is intended for all who want to create , decorate and learn ; it is intended primarily for beginners , but also for professionals who will surely find useful information on our site .
Initially , we had the idea to offer you only free projects for making all kinds of things , but it happened that some time later we started to draw various patterns that could serve to decorate the objects you made , as well as 3D models for those who wanted to make something on their CNC machines or 3D printers .
We have also made collections of free software and collections of free books in various technical fields .
In this way , Craftsmanspace website has become a meaningful whole – here , anyone who wants to create something in their workshop can come up with new ideas on what to do and how to do it .
This category of our site contains a large number of free metalworking and woodworking plans that are suitable for both beginners and experienced craftsmen .
La actriz Megan
Fox levanta numerosas pasiones ( y más cosas ) entre el sector masculino de la red , algo normal si tenemos en cuenta lo bella y sexy que es .
Hoy la podemos ver caracterizada como La Mona Lisa , y no ha sido por exigencias del guión .
Esta caracterización se debe a algún amante del Photoshop con algo de tiempo libre .
Como todos ( espero ) sabréis el cuadro de La Gioconda , conocido también como La Mona Lisa , La Monna Lisa o Madonna Elisa , es una obra pictórica de Leonardo da Vinci y se exhibe en el museo Louvre de Paris .
Por suerte para nosotros y para nuestra economía para disfrutar de la bella Megan
Fox no tendremos que viajar , bastará con ver alguna de sus películas .
Saludos desde lo más profundo de los bytes
Newly unveiled court documents show that ghostwriters paid by a pharmaceutical company played a major role in producing 26 scientific papers backing the use of hormone replacement therapy in women , suggesting that the level of hidden industry influence on medical literature is broader than previously known .
The articles , published in medical journals between 1998 and 2005 , emphasized the benefits and de-emphasized the risks of taking hormones to protect against maladies like aging skin , heart disease and dementia .
That supposed medical consensus benefited Wyeth , the pharmaceutical company that paid a medical communications firm to draft the papers , as sales of its hormone drugs , called Premarin and Prempro , soared to nearly $ 2 billion in 2001 .
But the seeming consensus fell apart in 2002 when a huge federal study on hormone therapy was stopped after researchers found that menopausal women who took certain hormones had an increased risk of invasive breast cancer , heart disease and stroke .
A later study found that hormones increased the risk of dementia in older patients .
The ghostwritten papers were typically review articles , in which an author weighs a large body of medical research and offers a bottom - line judgment about how to treat a particular ailment .
The articles appeared in 18 medical journals , including The American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology and The International Journal of Cardiology .
The International Space Station will get a new picture window early next year .
Called the " Cupola , " the new observation platform will be a control point for the space station 's robotic arm .
It will also serve as the ultimate chill - out room .
From NASA :
" Crews tell us that Earth gazing is important to them , " says Julie Robinson , the ISS Program Scientist at NASA 's Johnson Space Center .
" The astronauts work hard up there and are away from their families for a long time .
Observing the Earth and the stars helps relax and inspire them . "
Until now , space station astronauts have been confined to looking out small portholes or at best the 20 - inch window in the US Destiny Laboratory .
The Cupola will dramatically expand their view .
" The Cupola 's 80 - cm diameter circular top window is the largest window ever built for space , " says Robinson .
" Rather than peering through a little porthole , the Cupola will allow a stunning look at the cosmos and unprecedented panoramic views of Earth .
Astronauts will share these views with the world through photographs taken through the windows and posted online . "
* Fed urges judge not to enforce order pending appeal
* Banks say disclosure could cause loss of confidence
NEW YORK , Aug 27 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Federal Reserve asked a federal judge not to enforce her order that it reveal the names of the banks that have participated in its emergency lending programs and the sums they received , saying such disclosure would threaten the companies and the economy .
The central bank filed its request on Wednesday , two days after Chief Judge Loretta Preska of the U.S. District Court in Manhattan ruled in favor of Bloomberg News , which had sought information under the federal Freedom of Information Act .
Preska said the Fed failed to show that revealing the names would stigmatize the banks and result in “ imminent competitive harm . ”
The Fed asked the judge not to require disclosure while it readies an appeal .
“ Immediate release of these documents will cause irreparable harm to these institutions and to the board ’s ability to effectively manage the current , and any future , financial crisis , ” the central bank argued .
It added that the public interest favors a delay , citing a potential for “ significant harms that could befall not only private companies , but the economy as a whole ” if the information were disclosed .
Underlying this case and a similar one involving News Corp 's NWSA .
O Fox News Network LLC is a question of how much the public has a right to know about how the government is bailing out a financial system in a crisis .
The Clearing House Association LLC , which represents banks , in a separate filing supported the Fed ’s call for a delay .
It said speculation that banks ’ liquidity is drying up could cause runs on deposits , and trading partners to demand collateral .
“ Survival can depend on the ephemeral nature of public confidence , ” Clearing House general counsel Norman Nelson wrote .
“ Experience in the banking industry has shown that when customers and market participants hear negative rumors about a bank , negative consequences inevitably flow . ”
The Clearing House said its members include ABN Amro Holding NV , Bank of America Corp BAC.N , Bank of New York Mellon Corp BK.N , Citigroup Inc C.N , Deutsche Bank AG DBKGn.DE , HSBC Holdings Plc HSBA.L , JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM.N , UBS AG UBSN.VX , U.S. Bancorp USB.N and Wells Fargo & Co WFC.N .
The case arose when two Bloomberg reporters submitted FOIA requests about actions the Fed took to shore up the financial system in 2007 and early 2008 , including an expansion of lending programs and the sale of Bear Stearns Cos to JPMorgan .
The case is : Bloomberg LP v. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , U.S. District Court , Southern District of New York ( Manhattan ) , No. 08-9595 .
( Additional reporting by Patrick Rucker , editing by Leslie Gevirtz )
sclark Overdrive
Join Date : Dec 2000 Location : W. Michigan Posts : 10,380
Confessions of a track whore pt3 - Dodge Viper GTS ACR
There are two Vipers here .
Both are Generation 2 Viper coupes - one a Competition Coupe that predates the GTS , the other a brand spanking new GTS ACR .
Yep , same as the one that made the whole " ZR - 1 vs GT - R Nurburgring Lap Times " issue a moot point when it devastated both their times by several seconds .
Big wing , big splitter - that car .
It 's a menacing black car with a black racing stripe and it's rear wing set to " kill . "
The guy prepping it looks familiar .
VERY familiar .
Turns out he's one of the instructors for the novice group and he 's introduced as Ralph Gillies .
I know that name .
Journalist ?
Auto industry big muckamuck ?
My mind races .
Chrysler ?
It IS a Viper .
Being towed by a Dodge Ram .
Gotta be someone from Chrysler .
Right ?
But there 's a journalist named Gillies too .
Ah !
But he 's MARK Gillies , not Ralph .
No , I 'm guessing Ralph is an executive at Chrysler .
I start checking out his car .
He comes over and nods .
I introduce myself and he does the same .
" Chrysler , right ? "
" Yep , head of design for Chrysler . "
WOW .
How unexpected .
And cool .
We talk cars for awhile , then about life at Chrysler since FIAT took over .
He 's very excited about everything .
They 're even working weekends now and if you take vacation , you could be called back for work .
Marchione says that once Chrysler starts making money again , they can start taking weekends off again but for now it 's seven days a week .
Nevertheless , he 's excited by that , by Marchione 's no -BS sense of business which he regards as a welcome change , and by the things he sees coming down the line .
Good news for a long - time Chrysler fan .
Amidst driving , scoring rides in some other cars , and shooting the breeze with drivers throughout the paddock , I repeatedly find myself returning to look over the ACR Viper and talk with Ralph .
So much so that I fear he thinks I 'm stalking him now .
I try to play it cool and act nonchalant .
I must score a ride in this beast somehow .
Later in the day , I get my chance .
While getting out a piece of gum , he notices and asks for one .
My chance arrives !!
" Sure , no problem , " I tell him .
Then add " I 'll trade you for a ride . "
He looks surprised , then grins .
" Sure , " he says .
" I can do that . "
Shortly thereafter , he rigs up telemetry and video gear on the car that fills up the passenger seat .
He then proceeds to pound lap after lap around the track .
The day wears on .
He has n't offered a couple laps yet and I 'm getting anxious .
Was he blowing me off ?
Around 4:00 , some people are starting to pack up for the trip home .
My friend , who was kind enough to loan me a helmet is heading out .
I lose access to a helmet and hope that Ralph has an extra .
Around 4:30 , he begins to remove all the telemetry and video gear .
Is he done for the day ?
Nuts .
I head off for a beverage .
When I return , I notice he 's getting ready to hit the track again .
Nobody is waiting for a ride .
He sees me watching .
" Hey , can you give a guy a ride ? " I ask , nearly pleading .
" Yeah , c'mon over , " he says .
" I 've achieved my goal of beating my best time out here .
That was my goal today .
You got a helmet ? "
" No , my helmet just left with it 's owner .
Got an extra ? "
He produces an extra and hands it to me .
I jump in the right seat and buckle the standard three - point belt .
" Sorry , " he says .
" No harness on that side .
Just grab the handle on the door and hang on . "
He turns the key , pushes the starter button and the engine booms to life .
It 's loud .
No , it 's LOUD .
I know the GTS ACR is supposed to be a race car for the street , but this is ridiculous .
He 's got mufflers on it , but you would n't know it from inside the car .
He backs out of his spot and we head off towards the starting lane .
Little stones pelt the underside of the car , thrown up by the Kumho slicks .
I swear these tires would pick up gravel if you threw them in a lake .
The suspension is stiff .
It reminds me a lot of the Lotus Exige but bigger and meaner .
The flagman is telling us to wait for traffic to pass , so I ask the question that 's been lurking in my mind all day : " So do you get fun stuff from the engineering guys to play with ? "
Though he 's wearing a full - face helment , I can tell he 's grinning .
He nods .
" So this is , what ?
600 hp ?
Is that right ? "
" Well , this particular engine is making 600 hp .
At the rear wheels . "
My brain is only starting to register the implications of what he said when the flagman waves us out and he tips in the loud peddle .
The car leaps - LEAPS !
- forward towards the first curve and as he touches the brakes , I slide forward on the leather seat and my feet make contact with the firewall .
About that time , he turns into the first corner and ACCELERATES through it so violently that my body involuntarily stiffens , bracing myself between the firewall and the seatback , my right hand tightening on the door grip to keep myself from flopping sideways in the car .
We accelerate through the next series of turns so fast that my brain can scarcely comprehend what 's happening .
My body is merely trying to hold itself in position and keep from becoming one of those dangerous " loose items " that they warned us about in the driver 's meeting .
After a few more seconds of brutal yawing , we reach the straight and he nails the throttle .
The car jumps and rips down the straight faster than I 've ever been in a car .
Fear suddenly fills me as I realize that if the brakes fail , we 're going to die .
We probably wo n't even touch the gravel , we 'll probably just break through the earthen berm at the end , take down the small trees , and cross the street into someone 's yard .
But we roar into the braking zone and he nails the brakes , which never fade , dropping two gears and jerking the wheel right for the 130 - degree corner .
The wheels seem to wrestle with the asphalt for a fraction of a second , smoothing out and the car goes through the 130 - degree corner flat as a pancake and about as hot .
He nails the throttle again and we explode towards the next corner .
He jerks the wheel again and we go 90 - degrees over rough uneven pavement which does n't seem to faze the car .
Again we explode , towards the left - hand 130 - degree off - camber corner .
Brake tap , dive into it , nail the throttle , explode towards the next curve , a graceful right hander .
Ford Mustang Cobra ahead , rightinfront , (! ) , waved by we shoot past him like he 's stopped , over the hump , stomach in my throat , settle , hard right , explode forward again .
This is unreal .
This is unrelenting .
This is the most brutal thing I 've ever ridden in , including all roller coasters at Cedar Point in Ohio , and that 's saying something .
We do two complete laps before my brain can register any sort of comparisons or thoughts other than " OH $ #&@& !!!!!! "
We hit the straight again .
I think I can detect the sonic boom we make .
Not sure .
We reach the braking zone and he again nails the brakes and drops two gears before jerking us right again .
" How fast are we getting on the straight ? " I yell .
" 150 . "
Good lord .
The straight is only 3200 feet long in it 's entirety .
What is that ?
Slightly more than a half - mile ?
Sweet mother of ....
He jerks the wheel again and I hold on for dear life .
I get the impression you do n't so much steer the car at it 's limit as you jerk it like a leash on a large , strong , disobediant dog .
At this level , every input is violent , every thought a reaction .
The next time we hit the straight , I realize my right hand is so tight on the door grip that it 's cramping up .
I have a few seconds to stretch and flex my fingers and hand before I have to grab it again for the next turn .
He gives me six laps total , one of which was 1/100th off his best time ever here .
He 's pleased .
I 'm pleased - to be alive .
When we reach the paddock , he pulls into his spot and shuts her down .
The sudden calmness is eerie .
It 's probably similar to what most tornado survivors experience .
" You okay ? " he asks .
I pull my helmet off and stare ahead , stunned .
" I have no words .
I 'm speechless , " I reply .
" That was the most violent and exciting ride I 've ever had .
Thank you . "
We climb out and talk about the car a bit .
He 's quite pleased with it .
He 's put over 10,000 miles on it , all on tracks around the country .
The Dodge marketing guys told him this car would never sell and would be a complete failure .
" You ca n't sell a Dodge for over $ 100,000 .
It ca n't be done , " they told him .
They pushed for it anyway .
There is currently a 120 day supply of stock Viper roadsters and coupes while the ACR is backordered for six - months .
It 's a hot ticket item .
Plus , it 's not just Viper owners that are buying it .
It 's starting to steal sales from other manufacturers now too .
Like who ?
Porsche , primarily .
Apparently quite a few new ACR sales are to Porsche Club guys because it's cheaper than both the GT3 and GT2 but blows them both away on the track .
" I 've been comparing my times at tracks to the times that IMSA cars were running on them a few years ago .
It 's right there .
It 's running with recent track - only racecars .... and beating some . "
With that , he started packing up to return to Detroit , and I fired up my Miata and headed out .
Man , my car is slow .
I wonder what my local Chrysler dealer would give me for trade - in on a new ACR ....
Last part of my thoroughly enjoyable Friday spent at the track .
There are two Vipers here .
Both are Generation 2 Viper coupes - one a Competition Coupe that predates the GTS , the other a brand spanking new GTS ACR .
Yep , same as the one that made the whole " ZR - 1 vs GT - R Nurburgring Lap Times " issue a moot point when it devastated both their times by several seconds .
Big wing , big splitter - that car .
It 's a menacing black car with a black racing stripe and it's rear wing set to " kill . "
The guy prepping it looks familiar .
VERY familiar .
Turns out he's one of the instructors for the novice group and he 's introduced as Ralph Gillies .
I know that name .
Journalist ?
Auto industry big muckamuck ?
My mind races .
Chrysler ?
It IS a Viper .
Being towed by a Dodge Ram .
Gotta be someone from Chrysler .
Right ?
But there 's a journalist named Gillies too .
Ah !
But he 's MARK Gillies , not Ralph .
No , I 'm guessing Ralph is an executive at Chrysler .
I start checking out his car .
He comes over and nods .
I introduce myself and he does the same .
" Chrysler , right ? " " Yep , head of design for Chrysler . " WOW .
How unexpected .
And cool .
We talk cars for awhile , then about life at Chrysler since FIAT took over .
He 's very excited about everything .
They 're even working weekends now and if you take vacation , you could be called back for work .
Marchione says that once Chrysler starts making money again , they can start taking weekends off again but for now it 's seven days a week .
Nevertheless , he 's excited by that , by Marchione 's no -BS sense of business which he regards as a welcome change , and by the things he sees coming down the line .
Good news for a long - time Chrysler fan .
Amidst driving , scoring rides in some other cars , and shooting the breeze with drivers throughout the paddock , I repeatedly find myself returning to look over the ACR Viper and talk with Ralph .
So much so that I fear he thinks I 'm stalking him now .
I try to play it cool and act nonchalant .
I must score a ride in this beast somehow .
Later in the day , I get my chance .
While getting out a piece of gum , he notices and asks for one .
My chance arrives !!" Sure , no problem , " I tell him .
Then add " I 'll trade you for a ride .
" He looks surprised , then grins .
" Sure , " he says .
" I can do that .
" Shortly thereafter , he rigs up telemetry and video gear on the car that fills up the passenger seat .
He then proceeds to pound lap after lap around the track .
The day wears on .
He has n't offered a couple laps yet and I 'm getting anxious .
Was he blowing me off ?
Around 4:00 , some people are starting to pack up for the trip home .
My friend , who was kind enough to loan me a helmet is heading out .
I lose access to a helmet and hope that Ralph has an extra .
Around 4:30 , he begins to remove all the telemetry and video gear .
Is he done for the day ?
Nuts .
I head off for a beverage .
When I return , I notice he 's getting ready to hit the track again .
Nobody is waiting for a ride .
He sees me watching .
" Hey , can you give a guy a ride ? " I ask , nearly pleading .
" Yeah , c'mon over , " he says .
" I 've achieved my goal of beating my best time out here .
That was my goal today .
You got a helmet ? "
" No , my helmet just left with it 's owner .
Got an extra ?
" He produces an extra and hands it to me .
I jump in the right seat and buckle the standard three - point belt .
" Sorry , " he says .
" No harness on that side .
Just grab the handle on the door and hang on .
" He turns the key , pushes the starter button and the engine booms to life .
It 's loud .
No , it 's LOUD .
I know the GTS ACR is supposed to be a race car for the street , but this is ridiculous .
He 's got mufflers on it , but you would n't know it from inside the car .
He backs out of his spot and we head off towards the starting lane .
Little stones pelt the underside of the car , thrown up by the Kumho slicks .
I swear these tires would pick up gravel if you threw them in a lake .
The suspension is stiff .
It reminds me a lot of the Lotus Exige but bigger and meaner .
The flagman is telling us to wait for traffic to pass , so I ask the question that 's been lurking in my mind all day : " So do you get fun stuff from the engineering guys to play with ?
" Though he 's wearing a full - face helment , I can tell he 's grinning .
He nods .
" So this is , what ?
600 hp ?
Is that right ? " " Well , this particular engine is making 600 hp .
At the rear wheels .
" My brain is only starting to register the implications of what he said when the flagman waves us out and he tips in the loud peddle .
The car leaps - LEAPS !
- forward towards the first curve and as he touches the brakes , I slide forward on the leather seat and my feet make contact with the firewall .
About that time , he turns into the first corner and ACCELERATES through it so violently that my body involuntarily stiffens , bracing myself between the firewall and the seatback , my right hand tightening on the door grip to keep myself from flopping sideways in the car .
We accelerate through the next series of turns so fast that my brain can scarcely comprehend what 's happening .
My body is merely trying to hold itself in position and keep from becoming one of those dangerous " loose items " that they warned us about in the driver 's meeting .
After a few more seconds of brutal yawing , we reach the straight and he nails the throttle .
The car jumps and rips down the straight faster than I 've ever been in a car .
Fear suddenly fills me as I realize that if the brakes fail , we 're going to die .
We probably wo n't even touch the gravel , we 'll probably just break through the earthen berm at the end , take down the small trees , and cross the street into someone 's yard .
But we roar into the braking zone and he nails the brakes , which never fade , dropping two gears and jerking the wheel right for the 130 - degree corner .
The wheels seem to wrestle with the asphalt for a fraction of a second , smoothing out and the car goes through the 130 - degree corner flat as a pancake and about as hot .
He nails the throttle again and we explode towards the next corner .
He jerks the wheel again and we go 90 - degrees over rough uneven pavement which does n't seem to faze the car .
Again we explode , towards the left - hand 130 - degree off - camber corner .
Brake tap , dive into it , nail the throttle , explode towards the next curve , a graceful right hander .
Ford Mustang Cobra ahead , rightinfront , (! ) , waved by we shoot past him like he 's stopped , over the hump , stomach in my throat , settle , hard right , explode forward again .
This is unreal .
This is unrelenting .
This is the most brutal thing I 've ever ridden in , including all roller coasters at Cedar Point in Ohio , and that 's saying something .
We do two complete laps before my brain can register any sort of comparisons or thoughts other than " OH $ #&@& !!!!!! "
We hit the straight again .
I think I can detect the sonic boom we make .
Not sure .
We reach the braking zone and he again nails the brakes and drops two gears before jerking us right again .
" How fast are we getting on the straight ? " I yell . " 150 . " Good lord .
The straight is only 3200 feet long in it 's entirety .
What is that ?
Slightly more than a half - mile ?
Sweet mother of .... He jerks the wheel again and I hold on for dear life .
I get the impression you do n't so much steer the car at it 's limit as you jerk it like a leash on a large , strong , disobediant dog .
At this level , every input is violent , every thought a reaction .
The next time we hit the straight , I realize my right hand is so tight on the door grip that it 's cramping up .
I have a few seconds to stretch and flex my fingers and hand before I have to grab it again for the next turn .
He gives me six laps total , one of which was 1/100th off his best time ever here .
He 's pleased .
I 'm pleased - to be alive .
When we reach the paddock , he pulls into his spot and shuts her down .
The sudden calmness is eerie .
It 's probably similar to what most tornado survivors experience .
" You okay ? " he asks .
I pull my helmet off and stare ahead , stunned .
" I have no words .
I 'm speechless , " I reply .
" That was the most violent and exciting ride I 've ever had .
Thank you .
" We climb out and talk about the car a bit .
He 's quite pleased with it .
He 's put over 10,000 miles on it , all on tracks around the country .
The Dodge marketing guys told him this car would never sell and would be a complete failure .
" You ca n't sell a Dodge for over $ 100,000 .
It ca n't be done , " they told him .
They pushed for it anyway .
There is currently a 120 day supply of stock Viper roadsters and coupes while the ACR is backordered for six - months .
It 's a hot ticket item .
Plus , it 's not just Viper owners that are buying it .
It 's starting to steal sales from other manufacturers now too .
Like who ?
Porsche , primarily .
Apparently quite a few new ACR sales are to Porsche Club guys because it's cheaper than both the GT3 and GT2 but blows them both away on the track .
" I 've been comparing my times at tracks to the times that IMSA cars were running on them a few years ago .
It 's right there .
It 's running with recent track - only racecars .... and beating some .
" With that , he started packing up to return to Detroit , and I fired up my Miata and headed out .
Man , my car is slow .
I wonder what my local Chrysler dealer would give me for trade - in on a new ACR ....
The world 's first large - scale test of new technology that uses the heat produced by computers to warm buildings is about to begin in Switzerland .
The hope is that the three - year trial of the system , called Aquasar , will lead to carbon emissions reductions of 85 % through simultaneously cutting the energy used to cool the chips while also reducing heating bills .
Long - term , the main target for the technology is not desk - top computers in homes and offices but the growing number of data centres that form the backbone of the internet and keep businesses ticking over , according to Bruno Michel , who is heading the project at IBM's Zurich Research Laboratory , in Switzerland .
Precisely how much energy existing data centres consume is not clear , largely because companies like Google are reluctant to reveal just how many they have and how big they are .
But according to Tom Dowdall co-ordinator of Greenpeace International 's Green Electronics campaign they are consuming increasing amounts of energy .
" Data centres are one of the main reasons why electricity use is rising in Europe and the US . "
In 2005 data centres were responsible for 1 % of global electricity consumption , double the figure of five years earlier , according to Jonathan Koomey , an energy expert at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratories , in California .
And soaring internet traffic means this figure is set to rise rapidly .
Around half of the energy consumed by large computer systems is spent cooling the processors to prevent them from overheating – normally by blowing refrigerated air over them .
In contrast the Aquasar system uses water to cool the chips , which is 4000 times more efficient at capturing heat .
IBM 's new system uses a network of tiny tubes measuring just hundredths of a millimetre across to pump water to within a few hundreds of a millimetre of the chip itself .
In the three - year pilot study , this heated water will be used to warm a separate water system to about 65C .
This hot water will then be plumbed into the district heating system that serves 60 buildings in the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology , in Zurich .
The drive for change , according to Dowdall , is coming not from a desire to reduce emissions but from the escalating electricity bills data centres are generating .
" Companies can't keep increasing their capacity with the current costs , " he said .
Google is already working on other strategies to reduce its power bill .
One idea is to place data centres on barges and use sea water to cool them .
Another suggestion is to make use of cooler temperatures undergound by placing data centres within old coal mines .
I search disc one rope swings that can go on trees but they all dont look like the ones on swing sets .
im talking about ones that are below 30 dollars and have a nice thick bottom .
the red ones that you see on most swings .
i cant find any of those on the internet , the nice thick red ones with the yellow rope .
it can be for a swing set , and we 'll get it and just tie a smaller rope to it and hang that on the tree .
thank you !
BERLIN 
As an 18 - year - old runner from a village in South Africa received her gold medal in Olympic Stadium on Thursday night , activity away from the track had put her at the center of an international dispute : doctors here and in her home country were examining test results to determine whether she has too many male characteristics to compete as a woman .
The case of Caster Semenya , who has burst to prominence this season , touched off a debate over whether she should be allowed to keep her medal and , more broadly , how sports officials are supposed to discern the fuzzy biological line between male and female .
Medical experts said assigning sex was hardly as easy as sizing someone up visually .
Even rigorous examinations can result in ambiguous findings .
Some conditions that give women male characteristics can be discovered only through intrusive physical examinations , and others require genetic analysis .
“ We can get quite philosophical here  what does it mean to be male or female ? ” said Dr. Richard Auchus , a specialist in disorders of sexual differentiation at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas .
Power Flower
Small - scale wind has been taking a beating lately , with local zoning ordinances throughout the United States that fly in the face of the technology .
People confuse small wind power in residential areas with big , commercial blades , and have concerns about noise and aesthetics , mostly .
An art project could solve that .
Art Energy Design has created a sculpture , of a 12 - foot flower with solar cells in the leaves and a small wind turbine for the pedals , according to a post at MAKE Magazine .
The flower lights up at night with LEDs .
Imagine , people with modified flower turbines on their roofs and in their back yards , and happy neighbors and public officials .
Maybe it ’s too dreamy , but why not ?
The Power Flower also could be used for plugging in laptops , phones and other electrical devices in downtown areas .
There ’s already one in front of the 2000 Technology Drive building , where the Pittsburgh Technology Council is headquartered .
Will this grow ?
Via Treehugger
Americans are being urged to worry about the nation spending 17 % of its gross domestic product each year on health care — a higher percentage than any other country .
Addressing the American Medical Association in June , Barack Obama said , " Make no mistake : The cost of our health care is a threat to our economy . "
But the president is mistaken .
Japan spends 8 % of its GDP on health care — the same as Zimbabwe .
South Korea and Haiti both spend 6 % .
Monaco spends 5 % , which is what Afghanistan spends .
Do all of these countries have economies that are less " threatened " than that of the U.S. ?
No .
So there must be other factors that affect the health of a nation 's economy .
Mr. Obama has said that " the cost of health care has weighed down our economy . "
No one thinks the 20 % of our GDP that 's attributable to manufacturing is weighing down the economy , because it 's intuitively clear that one person 's expenditure on widgets is another person 's income .
But the same is true of the health - care industry .
The $ 2.4 trillion Americans spend each year for health care does n't go up in smoke .
It 's paid to other Americans .
The basic material needs of human beings are food , clothing and shelter .
The desire for food and clothing drove hunter - gatherer economies and , subsequently , agricultural economies , for millennia .
The Industrial Revolution was driven by the desire for clothing .
Thus Richard Arkwright 's water frame , James Hargreaves 's spinning jenny , Samuel Crompton 's spinning mule , Eli Whitney 's cotton gin and Elias Howe 's sewing machine .
Though it has n't been widely realized , the desire for shelter was a major driver of the U.S. economy during the second half of the 20th century and the first several years of the 21st .
About one - third of the new jobs created during the latter period were directly or indirectly related to housing , as the stupendous ripple effect of the bursting housing bubble should make painfully obvious .
In March 1974 , a group of peasants digging a well in drought - parched Shaanxi province in northwest China unearthed fragments of a clay figure — the first evidence of what would turn out to be one of the greatest archaeological discoveries of modern times .
Near the unexcavated tomb of Qin Shi Huangdi — who had proclaimed himself first emperor of China in 221 B.C. — lay an extraordinary underground treasure : an entire army of life - size terra cotta soldiers and horses , interred for more than 2,000 years .
The site , where Qin Shi Huangdi's ancient capital of Xianyang once stood , lies a half - hour drive from traffic - clogged Xi'an ( pop. 8.5 million ) .
It is a dry , scrubby land planted in persimmon and pomegranate — bitterly cold in winter and scorching hot in summer — marked by dun-colored hills pocked with caves .
But hotels and a roadside souvenir emporium selling five - foot - tall pottery figures suggest that something other than fruit cultivation is going on here .
Over the past 35 years , archaeologists have located some 600 pits , a complex of underground vaults as yet largely unexcavated , across a 22 - square - mile area .
Some are hard to get to , but three major pits are easily accessible , enclosed inside the four - acre Museum of the Terracotta Army , constructed around the discovery site and opened in 1979 .
In one pit , long columns of warriors , reassembled from broken pieces , stand in formation .
With their topknots or caps , their tunics or armored vests , their goatees or close - cropped beards , the soldiers exhibit an astonishing individuality .
A second pit inside the museum demonstrates how they appeared when they were found : some stand upright , buried to their shoulders in soil , while others lie toppled on their backs , alongside fallen and cracked clay horses .
The site ranks with the Great Wall and Beijing 's Forbidden City as one of the premier tourist attractions within China .
For those unable to make the journey to Xi'an , some of the choicest specimens unearthed there form the centerpiece of two successive traveling exhibitions that survey the reign of Qin Shi Huangdi ( 221 B.C. - 210 B.C. ) .
" The First Emperor , " organized by the British Museum , debuted in London before moving to the High Museum in Atlanta .
A second show , " Terra Cotta Warriors , " then opened at the Bowers Museum in Santa Ana , California .
It is now at the Houston Museum of Natural Science through October 18 , and then moves to the National Geographic Society Museum in Washington , D.C. for display from November 19 to March 31 , 2010 .
In addition to showcasing recent finds , the exhibitions feature the largest collection of terra cotta figures ever to leave China .
The statuary includes nine soldiers arranged in battle formation ( armored officers , infantrymen , and standing and kneeling archers ) , as well as a terra cotta horse .
Another highlight is a pair of intricately detailed , ten - foot - long bronze chariots , each drawn by four bronze horses .
( Too fragile to be transported , the chariots are represented by replicas . )
The artifacts offer a glimpse of the treasures that attract visitors from around the world to the Xi'an museum site , where 1,900 of an estimated 7,000 warriors have been disinterred so far .
The stupendous find at first seemed to reinforce conventional thinking — that the first emperor had been a relentless warmonger who cared only for military might .
As archaeologists have learned during the past decade , however , that assessment was incomplete .
Qin Shi Huangdi may have conquered China with his army , but he held it together with a civil administration system that endured for centuries .
Among other accomplishments , the emperor standardized weights and measures and introduced a uniform writing script .
Recent digs have revealed that in addition to the clay soldiers , Qin Shi Huangdi 's underground realm , presumably a facsimile of the court that surrounded him during his lifetime , is also populated by delightfully realistic waterfowl , crafted from bronze and serenaded by terra cotta musicians .
The emperor 's clay retinue includes terra cotta officials and even troupes of acrobats , slightly smaller than the soldiers but created with the same methods .
" We find the underground pits are an imitation of the real organization in the Qin dynasty , " says Duan Qingbo , head of the excavation team at the Shaanxi Provincial Research Institute for Archaeology .
" People thought when the emperor died , he took just a lot of pottery army soldiers with him .
Now they realize he took a whole political system with him . "
Qin Shi Huangdi decreed a mass - production approach ; artisans turned out figures almost like cars on an assembly line .
Clay , unlike bronze , lends itself to quick and cheap fabrication .
Workers built bodies , then customized them with heads , hats , shoes , mustaches , ears and so on , made in small molds .
Some of the figures appear so strikingly individual they seem modeled on real people , though that is unlikely .
" These probably were n't portraits in the Western sense , " says Hiromi Kinoshita , who helped curate the exhibition at the British Museum .
Instead , they may have been aggregate portraits : the ceramicists , says Kinoshita , " could have been told that you need to represent all the different types of people who come from different regions of China . "
The first emperor 's capital , Xianyang , was a large metropolis , where he reportedly erected more than 270 palaces , of which only a single foundation is known to survive .
Each time Qin Shi Huangdi conquered a rival state , he is said to have transported its ruling families to Xianyang , housing the vanquished in replicas of palaces they had left behind .
At the same time , the emperor directed construction of his tomb complex ; some 720,000 workers reportedly labored on these vast projects .
Upon the death of his father , Yiren , in 246 B.C. , the future Qin Shi Huangdi — then a prince named Ying Zheng who was around age 13 — ascended the throne .
The kingdom , celebrated for its horsemen , sat on the margin of civilization , regarded by its easterly rivals as a semi- savage wasteland .
Its governing philosophy was as harsh as its terrain .
Elsewhere in China , Confucianism held that a well - run state should be administered by the same precepts governing a family : mutual obligation and respect .
Qin rulers , however , subscribed to a doctrine known as legalism , which rested on the administration of punitive laws .
In his early 20s , Ying Zheng turned for guidance to a visionary statesman , Li Si , who likely initiated many of his sovereign 's accomplishments .
Under Li's tutelage , Ying Zheng introduced a uniform script ( thereby enabling subjects of vastly different dialects to communicate ) .
Standardization , a hallmark of the Qin state , was applied to weaponry as well : should an arrow shaft snap , or the trigger on a repeating crossbow malfunction , the component could be easily replaced .
The young ruler also presided over creation of an advanced agricultural infrastructure that incorporated irrigation canals and storage granaries .
With methodical zeal , Ying Zheng set about conquering the warring states that surrounded him in the late third century B.C.
As his armies advanced , principalities fell .
No one could thwart consolidation of an empire that eventually stretched from parts of present - day Sichuan in the west to coastal regions along the East China Sea .
Having unified the entire civilized world as he knew it , Ying Zheng in 221 B.C. renamed himself Qin Shi Huangdi , translated as First Emperor of Qin .
He then invested in infrastructure and built massive fortifications .
His road network likely exceeded 4,000 miles , including 40 - foot - wide speedways with a central lane reserved for the imperial family .
On the northern frontier , the emperor dispatched his most trusted general to reinforce and connect existing border barriers , creating a bulwark against nomadic marauders .
Made of rammed earth and rubble , these fortifications became the basis for the Great Wall , most of which would be rebuilt in stone and brick during the 15th century A.D. under the Ming dynasty .
As the grandeur of his tomb complex suggests , Qin Shi Huangdi kept an eye on posterity .
But he also longed to extend his life on earth — perhaps indefinitely .
Alchemists informed the emperor that magical herbs were to be found on what they claimed were three Islands of the Immortals in the East China Sea .
The emissaries most likely to gain entry to this mystical realm , they asserted , were uncorrupted children ; in 219 B.C. , Qin Shi Huangdi reportedly dispatched several thousand youngsters to search for the islands .
They never returned .
Four years later , the emperor sent three alchemists to retrieve the herbs .
One of them made it back , recounting a tale of a giant fish guarding the islands .
Legend has it that the first emperor resolved to lead the next search party himself ; on the expedition , the story goes , he used a repeating crossbow to kill a huge fish .
But instead of discovering life - preserving elixirs , the emperor contracted a fatal illness .
As he lay dying in 210 B.C. , 49 - year - old Qin Shi Huangdi decreed that his estranged eldest son , Ying Fusu , should inherit the empire .
The choice undercut the ambitions of a powerful royal counselor , Zhao Gao , who believed he could govern the country behind the scenes if a more malleable successor were installed .
To conceal Qin Shi Huangdi's death — and disguise the stench of a decomposing corpse — until the travelers returned to the capital , Zhao Gao took on a cargo of salted fish .
The delaying tactic worked .
Once Zhao Gao managed to return to Xianyang , he was able to operate on his home turf .
He managed to transfer power to Ying Huhai , a younger , weaker son .
Ultimately , however , the scheme failed .
Zhao Gao could not maintain order and the country descended into civil war .
The Qin dynasty outlived Qin Shi Huangdi by only four years .
The second emperor committed suicide ; Zhao Gao eventually was killed .
Various rebel forces coalesced into a new dynasty , the Western Han .
For archaeologists , one indicator that Qin rule had collapsed suddenly was the extensive damage to the terra cotta army .
As order broke down , marauding forces raided the pits where clay soldiers stood guard and plundered their real weapons .
Raging fires , possibly set deliberately , followed the ransacking , weakening support pillars for wooden ceilings , which crashed down and smashed the figures .
Some 2,000 years later , archaeologists discovered charring on the walls of one pit .
Throughout recorded Chinese history , the first emperor 's Ebang Palace — its site on the Wei River , south of ancient Xianyang , was not investigated until 2003 — was synonymous with ostentation .
The structure was said to have been the most lavish dwelling ever constructed , with an upper - floor gallery that could seat 10,000 and a network of covered walkways that led to distant mountains to the south .
" All Chinese people who can read , including middle - school students , believed that the Qin dynasty collapsed because it put so much money into the Ebang Palace , " says archaeologist Duan .
" According to excavation work from 2003 , we found it was actually never built — only the base .
Above it was nothing . "
Duan says that if the palace had been erected and demolished , as historians thought , there would be potsherds and telltale changes in soil color .
" But tests found nothing , " says Duan .
" It is so famous a symbol of Chinese culture for so long a time , showing how cruel and greedy the first emperor was — and archaeologists found it was a lie . "
Duan also doubts accounts of Qin Shi Huangdi's expedition for life - prolonging herbs .
His version is more prosaic : " I believe that the first emperor did not want to die .
When he was sick , he sent people to find special medicines . "
The emperor 's tomb lies beneath a forested hill , surrounded by cultivated fields about a half - mile from the museum .
Out of reverence for an imperial resting place and concerns about preserving what might be unearthed there , the site has not been excavated .
According to a description written a century after the emperor 's death , the tomb contains a wealth of wonders , including man-made streambeds contoured to resemble the Yellow and Yangtze rivers , flowing with shimmering , quicksilver mercury that mimics coursing water .
( Analysis of soil in the mound has indeed revealed a high level of mercury . )
Yet answers about the tomb are not likely to emerge anytime soon .
" I have a dream that one day science can develop so that we can tell what is here without disturbing the emperor , who has slept here for 2,000 years , " says Wu Yongqi , director of the Museum of the Terracotta Army .
" I do n't think we have good scientific techniques to protect what we find in the underground palace .
Especially if we find paper , silk or textiles from plants or animals ; it would be very bad if they have been kept in a balanced condition for 2,000 years , but suddenly they would vanish in a very short time . "
He cites another consideration : " For all Chinese people , he is our ancestor , and for what he did for China , we cannot unearth his tomb just because archaeologists or people doing tourism want to know what is buried there . "
Whatever future excavations reveal about Qin Shi Huangdi's enigmatic nature , some things seem unlikely to change .
The emperor 's importance as a seminal figure of history wo n't be diminished .
And the mysteries that surround his life will likely never be completely resolved .
Arthur Lubow , who reports frequently on culture and the arts around the world , is based in New York City .
A senior police officer who investigated the death of Ian Tomlinson told his family that the officer who struck him at the G20 demonstrations could have been a member of the public " dressed in police uniform " , it emerged last night .
The City of London police investigator made the comment at an emergency meeting with Tomlinson 's family and the Independent Police Complaints Commission on 8 April , hours after the Guardian released footage showing the attack on the 47 - year - old newspaper vendor .
Tomlinson collapsed and died of internal bleeding shortly after being struck with a baton and pushed to the ground .
He had been trying to find a way home through police cordons near the Bank of England on 1 April .
The footage prompted the IPCC to launch a full criminal inquiry .
A report on issues surrounding Tomlinson 's death by Inquest , the group that assists the families of people who die in police custody , said yesterday that the suggestion he might have been attacked by an imposter gave the impression that the investigation was biased .
" The City of London police completely failed to persuade the Tomlinson family of its impartiality , not least when they were told by an investigating officer that he was not ruling out the possibility that the alleged assailant may be a member of the public dressed in police uniform , " it said .
A source present at the 8 April meeting said the senior investigator 's comment was made after he was pressed on how the identity of the officer could be established from the video .
The investigator agreed that the man who struck Tomlinson was likely to have been a police officer , but could " not rule out " the possibility that he was a member of the public .
The family believed this theory was fantastical .
The video of the attack clearly showed that the officer who struck Tomlinson , who has since been suspended from duty and questioned under caution for manslaughter , was surrounded by more than a dozen police officers .
The source said that the investigator claimed one possibility was that a member of the public had stolen a Metropolitan police uniform and equipment from the back of a police van before initiating the attack .
Tomlinson 's family also said this week 's home affairs select committee report into policing of the G20 protests failed to properly identify the issues that may have contributed to his death .
" I feel very upset by the report , " said Julia Tomlinson , his widow .
" It refers to Ian collapsing but does not mention the video evidence showing that he was struck . "
She said her family was particularly frustrated that the inquiry appeared to focus on the inexperience of some officers , suggesting they should receive more training .
More than 20 people were hospitalised in Turkey after a van carrying bee hives hit a truck , angering the bees who attacked crash victims and rescuers , the Anatolia news agency reported .
Six people were injured in the crash near the south - western Mediterranean resort of Marmaris and around 20 others , including medics and police , were hospitalised with bee stings , the agency said .
Professional beekeepers had to be called in to help evacuate the victims , some of whom had to wait for more than an hour to be extracted from among the mangled hives .
One of the six crash victims , an 18 - year - old man , later died in hospital , but the cause of death was not yet clear , local governor Ahmet Altiparmak told Anatolia .
-AFP
The extent to which 21st Century American culture is imbued by anti-Arab racism
Ernest A. Canning Byon
8/21/2009 , 4:02 am PT
Guest Blogged by Ernest A. Canning
Shortly after my original piece , “ Hate Speech and the Process of Dehumanization , ” I received a form of constructive criticism .
A friend suggested that while I provided a coherent explanation of Prof.
Zimbardo ’s basic concepts regarding the process of dehumanization as it relates Nazi atrocities and the Jim Crow South , my application of Zimbardo to the more contemporary question of Muslims and Arabs failed to do justice to Prof .
Shaheen ’s academic study of American films .
While the criticism is valid , that certainly had not been my intent .
The problem entails issues of length in the blog format --- the risk that length will reduce the size of the audience one hopes to educate .
For those who feel they ’ve read enough , please stop here .
For everyone else , there is Prof.
Shaheen ’s Oct. 19 , 2007 appearance on Democracy Now , and the following ….
As revealed by the previously cited Egypt Today review , Jack Shaheen ’s study of early 20th Century films exposed Hollywood 's application of “ the generic ‘ Ali Baba kit ’ comprising of lecherous , barbaric Arab men flanked by erotic belly dancers . ”
Just as African American men were cast as lusting after white women in the Jim Crow era , these early films depicted the “ prize of every Sheikh ’s harem ” as “ the abducted American woman who bravely fights off her sinister master ’s sexual advances . ”
These disparaging images morphed into an even more sinister caricature of Arabs in the post World War II era --- images that coincided with the advent of the Arab / Israeli conflict , the early 70s oil embargo and the Iranian hostage crisis .
Against a backdrop of a reality in which intelligent Arab women today are “ succeeding in all professions , ” Sheehan laments , Hollywood replaced the erotic image of the belly dancer with projections of the Arab woman “ as a bomber , a terrorist . ”
Added to this is what Shaheen calls “ ’ bundles in black , ’ veiled women in the background , in the shadows , submissive . "
The threat of Arab / Muslim terrorists finds its ultimate embodiment in Rules of Engagement , a film which was written by former Secretary of the Navy and now U.S. Senator James Webb ( D - VA ) ; a film Shaheen describes as “ the most racist . ”
Shaheen described the action , which takes place in Yemen :
There are violent demonstrations at the American embassy , and the Marines , led by Samuel L. Jackson … open fire on the crowd and kill scores of Yemeni , including women and children .
And in the investigation that follows , Tommy Lee Jones , the lawyer who represents the Samuel L. Jackson character , goes to Yemen to investigate … .
He follows [ a one - legged little girl to a hospital ward where he discovers a videotape which when translated states that it is the duty of every Muslim to kill Americans . ]
We discover that the Yemeni civilians are n’t so innocent after all .
It turns out they fired on the Marines first .
And in a moment that will live in Hollywood infamy , we suddenly learn that the little girl we ’ve been sympathizing with , the very girl whose humanity and innocence may have broken down our stereotypes , well , she ’s no better than those other Yemeni terrorists .
As a result , when Samuel L. Jackson delivers the key line --- [ “ Waste the mother fuckers ” ] --- we ’re now on his side .
" Why does it matter ?
Shaheen asks .
" Because in the end , the massacre of even women and children has been justified … .
It ’s a slaughter , but it ’s a righteous slaughter . ”
Shaheen points to a rant by the character Howard Beale from the 1970s movie , Network , in which Beale not only expresses rage against the system in general but especially against a perceived financial takeover by Arabs .
Beale shouts :
Listen to me , God damn it !.
The Arabs are simply buying us !
There ’s only one thing that can stop them !
You !
Shaheen observes :
This kind of anger , the anger born of fear , all of it in response to a perceived conspiracy and threat by a specific group of people --- well , we ’ve seen and heard this before .
If we look at the anti-Semitic propaganda of the Nazis , at its core is an identical type of economic threat .
Neil Simon ’s Chapter
Two underscores the disparity between the presently dehumanized Arab and the formerly dehumanized African - American .
The film begins with the protagonist , George Schneider , returning from London .
“ How was London ? ” his brother asks .
“ Full of Arabs , ” Schneider replies .
“ Imagine , ” Shaheen states , “ ” if he had said , ‘ Full of blacks , ’ ‘ Full of Jews ’… . ”
As the Don Imus story reveals , one does not have to imagine .
If Beck had openly questioned Barack Obama ’s loyalty because he was an African American in the same manner that he questioned Keith Ellison ’s loyalty because Ellison is a Muslim , Beck ’s career would have been over .
Beck is hardly alone in his dehumanized conception of Muslims .
Consider some of the words of America ’s Eva Braun , aka Ann Coulter .
Writing about Muslims on Sept. 12 , 2001 for the National Review , Coulter said , “ We should invade their countries , kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity . ”
In a Dec. 21 , 2005 column , Coulter wrote : :” “ I think the government should be spying on all Arabs , engaging in torture as a televised spectator sport , dropping daisy cutters wantonly throughout the Middle East and sending liberals to Guantanamo . ”
When her use of the words “ camel jockeys ” was challenged during an October 1 , 2006 appearance on Fox News ’s Hannity & Colmes , Coulter responded with sarcasm : “ Oh. Yeah .
No .
They killed 3,000 Americans .
I ’ll be very careful with my language . ”
In her November 30 , 2006 column Coulter took the NAACP to task for speaking up for Muslims who had been subjected to racial profiling at airports .
Coulter wrote :
The only reason Americans feel guilty about ‘ racial profiling ’ against blacks is because of the history of discrimination against blacks in this country .
What did we do to the Arabs ?
I believe Americans are the victims in that relationship .
After the attacks of 9/11 , profiling Muslims is more like profiling the Klan .
Coulter ’s conflation of the actions of nineteen 9/11 hijackers into “ they killed 3,000 Americans ” and Beck ’s obnoxious demand that a United States Congressman “ prove ” he is “ not working with our enemies ” are but a reflection of what Prof.
Zimbardo described as the “ cortical cataract ” brought on by the process of dehumanization ; a myopic inability to distinguish the actions of a handful of individuals from the larger , objectified " they , " meaning all Arabs , all Muslims .
( Most , but not all , Iranians are Muslim , but they are not Arabs .
They ’re Persians . )
The extent to which American culture is imbued with anti-Muslim racism helps to explain the ease with which the Bush administration succeeded in falsely linking Iraq to al Qaeda and 9/11 .
While the administration doctored intelligence , lied about WMD and links to al Qaeda , Bush and Cheney never flat - out accused Saddam Hussein of complicity in 9/11 .
They did n't have to .
Against a backdrop of the televised images of burning towers , grainy photos of hijackers , and black - garbed , gun-wielding terrorists in training camps , Bush and Cheney laced their pre-invasion speeches with references to terrorists , 9/11 and WMD .
The terrorists attacked us on 9/11 .
We do n't want the " smoking gun " to come in the form of " a mushroom " cloud .
Cultural dehumanization aided the deception .
The 9/11 hijackers were Arabs .
Bin Laden is a Muslim .
Iraq is filled with Arab Muslims .
Coulter 's inability to distinguish between those who were actually responsible and the ubiquitous " they " was shared by many .
While much had been made of a Le Moyne College / Zogby Poll released on February 28 , 2006 , which contained the number 72 , representing the percentage of troops serving in Iraq who felt the U.S. should withdraw within a year , the telling statistic was the number 85 --- the percentage of troops serving in Iraq who , at that late date , still believed the U.S. mission was intended “ to retaliate for Saddam ’s role in the 9 - 11 attacks ”
Of course , dehumanization does not provide the only explanation .
Keep in mind that the top - down organization of the military ; the fact that on Sept. 27 , 2002 , Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld publicly stated that there was “ bulletproof ” evidence of links between Al Qaeda and Saddam Hussein , and that , according to Steve Tatham , who had headed the British Royal Navy ’s Media Operation in Iraq from November 2002 to April 2003 , “ the only TV station that was broadcasting continuously into military accommodations , the eating areas , the living spaces , even on the ships , was Fox News . "
As revealed by Norman Solomon in War Made Easy A study by the Program on International Policy Attitudes ( PIPA ) of the University of Maryland concerning people who erroneously believed either that we invaded Iraq because of WMD or links to al Qaeda revealed not only that 80 % of Fox News viewers held at least one of these misperceptions but that viewers of other major networks were not far behind — the number was 71 % at CBS , 61 % at ABC , 55 % each at CNN and NBC as compared to only 23 % at PBS .
The ease of the manipulation lies not simply in the process of dehumanization but in the mainstream media 's failure to convey information vital to intelligent participation in a democracy .
Coulter ’s “ what did we do to Arabs ? ” even more than George Bush ’s “ why do they hate us ? ” reflects a fundamental ignorance of issues of “ blow - back ” that relate to U.S. efforts to acquire and consolidate imperial hegemony throughout the oil - rich Middle East .
Coulter seems totally unaware that 13 years of devastating U.N. economic sanctions , imposed at the insistence of three successive U.S. Presidential administrations , caused the deaths of more than 500,000 Iraqi children under the age of five .
Indeed , as a result of the psychic distance created by the dehumanization process , Coulter appears blinded to the reality that more than one million Iraqis lost their lives as a result of the U.S. invasion and occupation , an unprovoked imperial aggression carried out against a nation and a people who had absolutely nothing to do with 9/11 .
“ What did we do to Arabs ? ” she asks .
===
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California state bar since 1977 .
Mr. Canning has received both undergraduate and graduate degrees in political science as well as a juris doctor .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th Infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
Battlefield 1943 is an online multiplayer World War II first - person shooter video game developed by EA Digital Illusions CE and published by Electronic Arts for Microsoft Windows , Xbox 360 , and PlayStation 3 via digital download only ( similar to Battlefield Heroes ) .
Unlike Battlefield 1942 this game takes place only in the Pacific Theater of Operations of World War II .
Battlefield 1943 has players playing as either the United States Marine Corps or the Imperial Japanese Navy with up to 24 players on mainly three classic Battlefield maps : Wake Island , Guadalcanal , and Iwo Jima ; but after 43 million kills upon both PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 , an additional Dogfight only map called Coral Sea will be unlocked , while the PC version will be accessible during its release .
The Xbox 360 has already unlocked the extra map , but Playstation 3 users have yet to do so ( we are close ) .
Here is a five minute unedited view of opening the game , logging in , and playing by yours truly ( please have sound enabled ) :
Like Battlefield : Bad Company , 1943 features the Frostbite Engine for its environmental damage .
For example , if you shoot a grenade at a building , the wall will blow up and expose people inside .
The game only features the series ’ signature Conquest mode when released .
Similar to Battlefield Heroes , 1943 only features three classes – infantryman , rifleman , and scout .
The game also features a regenerating health system similar to the Call of Duty or Halo series .
It is currently available now on the Playstation Store for $ 14.99 .
Notice that this segment from Lou Dobbs came last night , before today ’s announcement that unemployment increased yet again last week .
Dobbs has been the most skeptical CNN host of HopeandChangeTM , but even with that in mind , this segment uses almost 5 minutes to hammer the White House on its broken promises on jobs and unemployment .
That ’s a pretty extraordinary scolding for CNN , and it suggests that the media may have reached its limit on ignoring the obvious :
The town - hall outrage this month may have sent a message to more than just Congress .
Suddenly , it ’s quite obvious that a wide swath of America has no confidence in Barack Obama ’s competence , especially on fiscal issues as well as health care .
The uptick in unemployment undermines Obama ’s leadership and Democrats in general on the Porkulus bill , for which we still have hundreds of billions of dollars in commitments .
That anger may have taken the media by surprise — and Dobbs may not be the last to lash out at a bumbling and expensive White House and Congress .
' He has n't bombed Iran yet , ' says Ron Paul , when asked to assess the best and worst characteristics of President Barack Obama .
Dr. No 's moment
“ He has n’t bombed Iran yet , ” says Ron Paul , when asked to assess the best and worst characteristics of President Barack Obama ’s six months in office .
“ The worst thing is he is probably still thinking about it . ”
Advertisement
No sooner does the representative from Texas ’ 14th Congressional District , nicknamed “ Dr. No ” by his detractors , find himself embraced by mainstream Republicans ( and even some Democrats ) on domestic policy issues , then he pivots his focus to foreign affairs .
Obama , Paul told POLITICO during a sit - down in his office this week , “ has talked a little better than his action , but he has already expanded [ the number of troops ] in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
He became the peace candidate : ‘ Yeah , we ’re going to end that war in Iraq . ’
But it ’s not sincere .
I do n't think they had any intention , never did . ”
It ’s a unique time for Paul .
With the economy in the tank , the same cable news shows that spurned him during the election now keep asking him on to talk monetary policy .
Republican
House members are finally voting with him on spending measures .
But following his exhilarant , if quixotic , quest for the presidency , Paul finds himself simultaneously gratified and frustrated by his return to the friendlier - than - before confines of the House of Representatives .
He thinks he ’s well situated in Congress to push for his libertarian causes , but then claims he does n't " pay a whole lot of attention " to the activity on the House floor these days , adding , " I do n't think it 's relevant to the big picture . ”
“ A lot of this is just tinkering , bailing out , more money , more spending , no shift of direction and it's a little bit frustrating , " he says .
Asked if he feels more embraced by the Republican Party establishment , Paul shrugs and says , " half and half . ”
" I think there 's respect .
But they do n't call me in and say , ‘ What we need to find out from you is how you reach the young people . ’ "
As for another presidential run in 2012 , “ I do n’t think that ’s likely , ” Paul says .
But in the next breath , he admits that he would have made the same prediction three years before his last run for the party ’s banner .
And he questions whether the names being bandied about as possible Republican nominees will connect to his supporters .
“ The one thing that is characteristic about anybody who joins us is that they are energized and everybody recognizes that , " Paul says .
" We also know that it is the energy in a small group of people that really leads nations . ”
" Let 's say I have 15 percent of Republicans and [ Mitt ] Romney has 30 percent .
If his people are n't energized , our guys might stand for three of his . "
As for soon - to - be departing Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , Paul dismisses her supporters as " more establishment , conventional Country - Club type of Republicans . ”
" I wonder whether she 's energizing the 15 - 20 year olds , " Paul muses .
" That would be a question I would have .
Because she does n't talk about the Federal Reserve and some of these issues .
She does n't talk too much about personal liberties , civil liberties , getting rid of drug laws , attacking the war on drugs , punishing people who torture . "
Worse still , he adds , Palinites are partisans : “ If Obama was the only one who was guilty , they would be on his case all the time , but there is a lot of partisanship and I am probably less partisan and therefore she is going to appeal to partisan Republicans better . ”
As Paul sees it , such partisanship is the rough equivalent of an old Onion headline , “ " Our local area sports team is superior to your local area sports team , " Or as he puts it , “ I think when it comes to foreign policy and monetary policy on big spending and watching out for the big corporations , Republicans are Democrats . ”
And then he reverses again crediting Obama for restoring , however unintentionally , Republican principles .
“ Republicans now are conservatives again ” since the election , he says .
“ They are more consistent in voting against all these spending [ measures ] .
And I kid them , I say , ‘ are you guys voting with me now or am I voting with you ? ’
“ Of course , they would always complain when I voted against Republican spending . “
Looking back at his presidential run , Paul seems sincerely surprised :
He ’s stayed the same , but suddenly the young folk who were whistling past him for years stopped to listen , even as the party ’s other candidates did their best to ignore him .
“ Some people say , ‘ Oh , that was a good strategy , ’ ” Paul says .
“ It was no more strategy than a man on the moon .
It was just that I knew what I believed in , I kept talking about it , knew the problems were coming .
I really assumed I would probably be back in medicine or something when the crisis hit . ”
The Campaign for Liberty , the grass - roots organization that grew out of Paul 's presidential campaign , has raised over $ 3 million since last June , attracting some 200,000 members .
“ It just sort of baffles me , " says Paul , shrinking , as he tends to do , when the notion of his star quality is raised .
And as of last week , 271 members of the House – about one - third of them Democrats – have signed onto HR - 1207 ; a measure Paul introduced last February to audit the Federal Reserve .
When the Campaign for Liberty had a petition drop in support of the measure some six weeks ago , members were informed the night before that there would be a photo - op with Paul .
Even with such late notice , 11 showed up to have their picture taken with " Dr. No , " including Tom Cole , the former chair of the NRCC .
At the same time , Paul shrugs off his role in the House .
“ So I do n’t work here so much .
I did n’t get many signatures , because I have sort of twisted arms or put on pressure .
Plus , I have nothing to trade , I am not a committee chairman and do n’t have any clout , but because we have grassroots support , they got energized , and that ’s how we have [ 271 members ] … on the bill . ”
The FreeVPN.com has merged with TheBestVPN.com
Find Best VPN Services on TheBestVPN.com
According to them , 3 Best VPNs for 2018 are :
P.S. If you want to review different VPN software , reach out to John ( john@thebestvpn.com )
Film giant Peter Jackson has spoken out about the " fragile state " of the industry after confirming that his much - anticipated The Hobbit is yet to gain financial backing .
Jackson , who spoke at the 40th annual Comic - Con on California the largest comic book and popular arts convention late last week , said changing technology meant fewer people watched films on the big screen .
" The film industry is in this weird state of falling box office , or so the studios feel ; DVDs are down , internet piracy , and it's in a fragile state , " Jackson said .
" It feels like the entire industry is playing a defensive game at the moment . "
He was at the event to promote the trailer for his first big - budget science - fiction movie , District 9 , filmed in South Africa .
He spoke on panel discussions , along with Titanic director James Cameron , about the future of film .
" If people want to see movies on their iPod , I can't do anything about it , " Jackson said .
" But iPod movies are postcards of the film experience .
They can't compete with the theatrical movie experience . "
He said the medium of film was " infinitely superior to any other " because of its emotional core , not its fancy dressing .
" The whole thing about the future of movies and technology is , to me , just a huge red herring , because movies are all about story and character , " Jackson said .
He told the crowd of 6000 that the two - film adaptation of The Hobbit , to be directed by Guillermo del Toro and shot around Wellington , was three to four weeks away from having its first draft submitted to Warner Brothers .
He said the film was yet to receive a green light and therefore had no budget .
President Obama ;
We know that you rely upon the advice of the rich and famous , and those who are " Political Elites . "
It 's said that you arose from humble beginnings ; however , unlike some people who made it to greatness , it appears that you have failed to recognize your heritage or where you once were - just another average American .
Our Congress does n't represent us ; instead they are bought - off by an army of lobbyists .
If Congress does n't express the view of the " Average American " , and it's us who are the majority of the population , then where and how do you make policy decisions that affect the conman man - not the rich and elite ?
That said , it 's obvious that the average American receives no recognition or even has an opinion in your administration - just like that of other Presidencies .
How about doing something unprecedented ?
Appoint someone who is an average American to listen to once a week or so to find out what the majority of Americans think , the misery we 're being accustomed to , and in doing so , would hear the other side of the coin , not just worthless opinions from the wealthy and political elitists that could n't care less whether we live or die .
A fair question to ask is whether even you care whether we live or die , become homeless and hopeless - and thus opt out of ever trusting government again .
• A daily summary of global reports on security issues .
North Korea 's reclusive dictator Kim Jong-il has been diagnosed with life - threatening pancreatic cancer , a South Korean TV station reported Monday .
The report cited unnamed South Korean and Chinese intelligence officials .
Representatives from the two countries are meeting now in Seoul to discuss how to deal with a North Korea that has become increasingly belligerent in recent months .
However , South Korean officials declined to officially confirm the report , and US officials had no comment , according to Reuters .
Mike Chinoy , author of Meltdown : The Inside Story of the North Korean Nuclear Crisis , raised concerns about the reliability of the report .
" The way information leaks out of South Korea is very prone to manipulation , " he told Voice of America .
" You have the South Korean intelligence service , which is highly politicized , which has a conservative bent , " says the expert with the California - based Pacific Council on International Policy .
" Clearly , they know a lot , but they have a long track record of manipulating what they know for their own political purposes .
The report heightens uncertainty about North Korea 's direction and worries over Mr. Kim 's succession .
Bloomberg reported that the news contributed to a slide in both the Korean currency , the won , and the South Korean stock market to their lowest level in two months .
South Korea 's YTN Television broadcast the news Monday , according to a report from the English - language edition of the Chosun Ilbo , a South Korean daily .
That and other reports noted that Kim looked " gaunt " and ill during a rare public appearance last Wednesday to mark the 15th anniversary of his father 's death .
Chosun Ilbo cited other South Korean media reports :
Last month a South Korean newspaper reported that Pyongyang was trying to import expensive medical equipment to treat the leader through intermediaries in China .
The report did not specify the disease , but said Kim 's condition was serious .
Reuters added further details on pancreatic cancer and Kim 's many suspected health problems .
It said that Kim was thought to have suffered a stroke a year ago , and to suffer from other health problems .
Separately , the Chosun Ilbo reported that South Korean intelligence officials speculate that Kim 's death could result in a power struggle between his youngest son and heir apparent , Kim Jong -un , and a faction lead by Jang Song - taek , the leader 's brother - in - law and a member of the National Defense Commission , and " the purported No. 2 man in North Korea . "
Many analysts have speculated that there is a connection between the question of who will succeed the senior Kim to lead North Korea , and Pyongyang 's recent aggressive behavior .
On April 5 , North Korea made a failed attempt to put a satellite in orbit , in violation of UN resolutions .
Days later it pulled out of the six - party talks aimed at ending its nuclear program , and later expelled International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors .
On May 25 it tested a nuclear device , and on June 8 , it sentenced two US journalists arrested on the border with China to 12 years of hard labor .
In a June report , the International Crisis Group wrote that North Korea 's nuclear test " might be about ensuring that the military will accept whatever decision Kim Jong - il has made on his successor . "
The ICG added :
A likely succession in North Korea could unleash instability , or it could result in a much more belligerent or isolated military regime .
The transfer of power after Kim Jong - il is far less clear than when his father died in 1994 .
The long - brewing , all - electric Mitsubishi i-MiEV has finally gotten the production green - light and a sale price .
It 's a rather bracing $ 47,000 for the Japanese market .
Spendy , but no gasoline necessary is a pretty killer feature , right ?
The production i-MiEV looks a whole lot like the ones that 've been running through fleet testing and the press gambit for a while , so the styling is n't much of a shocker , the price is a bit on the steep side for a fairly compact ride though .
However , it is the first to market with a new electric vehicle available to the general public .
Well , first in a relative sense , since electrics were around in the early parts of the 20th century , and again in the 90's , and in the Tesla ... well okay , it 's the first relatively cheap modern EV .
It 's powered by a 64 HP electric motor with 132 lb - ft running off a 16 kWh lithium ion battery .
With a total vehicle weight of 2,425 lbs , that puts the range at about 100 miles , depending on how heavy your foot is .
Pretty good for a passenger EV , still , it 'll be a while before we plunk down that kind of dough for a limited - range jellybean .
Mitsubishi Motors to Bring New - Generation EV i-MiEV to Market
Delivery to corporate , governmental and local authority users starts late July ; Sales to individuals to start April 2010
June 4 , 2009 — TOKYO —
Mitsubishi Motors Corporation today , on World Environment Day , unveiled the production version of the i-MiEV1 2 new - generation electric vehicle ( EV ) , describing it as " the pioneer that will open the door to the next 100 years of our automobile society . "
The i-MiEV will go on sale on the Japanese market in late July of this year .
The i-MiEV represents the crystallization of some 40 years of electric vehicle development at Mitsubishi Motors .
The company is presenting the production i-MiEV as the ultimate eco-car , a solution to the various challenges the automobile faces today including environmental pollution , global warming and the depletion of petroleum - based energy supplies .
The company will continue its extensive collaboration with both private and public sectors in Japan and overseas in developing infrastructure to promote ownership of EVs .
Mitsubishi Motors expects to distribute , on a maintenance lease3 basis , some 1,400 i-MiEV models in fiscal 2009 principally to corporations and to local authorities .
The company plans to start sales of i-MiEV to individuals in April 2010 and will start taking orders on the Mitsubishi Motors web site in late July of this year .
1 : MiEV : Mitsubishi innovative Electric Vehicle
2 : i-MiEV :
For the full production model a hyphen has been added to the name by which the advance experiment and proving models have been known .
3 : Maintenance lease : A lease in which the monthly payments include some of the taxes , insurance and maintenance costs .
The i-MiEV
i-MiEV : Overview
The i-MiEV makes maximum use of the long wheelbase that stems from its base model the " i " minicar 's rear - midship layout to install a large capacity lithium - ion drive battery under the floor and the power unit under the luggage compartment .
This provides a cruising range that is ample for everyday use without compromising the generous seating or luggage space of the " i . "
The introduction of the MiEV OS ( MiEV Operating System ) 4 - an advanced integrated vehicle management system into which the company has poured its wealth of know - how garnered from many years of EV research and development - has provided the kind of high performance and reliability that befits a new - generation EV .
4 Generic name for the integrated vehicle management system developed by Mitsubishi Motors for new - generation EVs .
Principal product features
1. Zero drive - time CO2 emissions
The i-MiEV is a zero-emissions vehicle ( ZEV ) which produces no CO2 emissions while being driven .
Even when the CO2 gas emitted at power generating stations is taken into consideration , the i-MiEV generates approximately one - third of the CO2 produced by the gasoline " i " minicar ( Calculated in - house based on the average of electric energy frameworks in Japan ) .
2. Driven 100 % by electrical power
The i-MiEV is very economical because it only uses electrical energy as its power source .
Also , depending on electric power company rate fees , the running cost can be reduced further by charging the battery when off - peak ( late night ) rates apply5 .
5 An application must be submitted to the electric power company to qualify for domestic late night rates .
3. Quiet , agile , comfortable performance
The i-MiEV delivers the quiet and comfortable motoring experience only possible from an internal combustion engine - less EV .
Maximizing the excellent response and high low - end torque inherent to its electric motor i-MiEV enables a level of responsive and powerful performance that surpasses that of the gasoline - powered turbo engine " i " minicar .
4 . Ample range for everyday minicar use
The i-MiEV has a single - charge range of 160 km6 in the Japanese 10 - 15 mode urban driving pattern .
This gives it a range that is ample7 for everyday minicar use .
6 Actual range will vary depending on weather conditions , road congestion and on how the driver operates his vehicle ( use of accelerator , climate control system , etc . )
7 A nationwide survey in Japan indicates that on average 90 % of car drivers cover less than 40 km / day on weekdays and that 80 % cover less than 60 km / day at weekends and holidays ( in - house research ) .
5. 3 ways to charge the battery
The i-MiEV uses a 3 - way charging system that allows the drive battery to be charged at home or when out and about .
For normal charging i-MiEV is connected to either a standard 100 - volt or 200 - volt domestic outlet using the charging cables supplied with the vehicle .
The i-MiEV 's battery can also be " quick charged " at quick - charge stations which are currently being established throughout Japan .
Charging time guide 8
Method Power source Time
Normal ** 200V AC （ 15Amp ) Approx .
7 hours ( full charge )
100V AC （ 15 Amp ） Approx . 14 hours ( full charge )
Quick 200V 3 - phase ( 50 kW ) ( Using quick - charger gun ) Approx . 30 mins . ( 80 % charge )
8 Actual charging times may vary depending on such factors as air temperature and power source status .
** The normal charging gun and normal charging connector were jointly developed by Toyota Motor Corporation and Yazaki Corporation .
Advanced technology
1. Main powertrain components
(1) Drive battery
The i-MiEV is powered by a very high energy - density lithium - ion battery manufactured by Lithium Energy Japan9 .
The large - capacity drive battery is comprised of 88 lithium - ion cells connected in series and is installed under the floor in the center of the vehicle .
This configuration contributes to outstanding handling and stability due to the car 's low center of gravity .
9 Joint venture established on December 12 , 2007 between Mitsubishi Motors , GS Yuasa Corporation and Mitsubishi Corporation to develop , manufacture and sell large - capacity and high energy - density lithium - ion cells for EV use .
( 2) Motor ( power unit )
The i-MiEV uses a high - efficiency compact and lightweight permanent magnet synchronous electric motor specially developed for the vehicle .
It generates maximum torque from low engine speeds to deliver powerful response and a comfortable ride experience .
When the vehicle slows down the regenerative brake system causes the motor to operate as a generator .
The electrical energy recovered is stored in the drive battery .
( 3) Transmission
The i-MiEV uses a lightweight and compact single - speed reduction gear transmission , exploiting the high low - end torque inherent to the electric motor and eliminating the need for complex gear shifting mechanisms as found in internal combustion engine powered vehicles .
( 4) On-board charger
The i-MiEV comes with a compact , lightweight on - board charger that allows the drive battery to be charged using a domestic 100V / 200V AC line .
(5) DC / DC converter
The DC / DC converter is used to charge the 12 - volt auxiliary battery and power electrical equipment .
It is integrated with the on - board charger in a single unit to reduce size and weight .
(6) Inverter
The i-MiEV 's motor is driven by an alternating current .
The inverter converts high - voltage direct current from the drive battery to alternating current and supplies motor with the power required to drive the vehicle .
2. Combination meter display
The combination meter instrument cluster is comprised of a power meter that presents a visual display of power consumption and energy recovery status , a drive battery residual charge indicator that indicates how much remaining power there is left in the drive battery , and an available range indicator that displays an estimate of how far the vehicle can be driven on the basis of average power consumption over the last few kilometers .
3 . Shift selector
The shift selector provides the three positions described below that allow the driver to choose between maximum fun , maximum economy or maximum regenerative brake bias .
* D-position : Generates gutsy torque in direct response to accelerator input and allows the driver to enjoy i-MiEV 's performance potential to the maximum .
* Eco-position : Reduces power output and consumption to deliver maximum economy .
* B-position : Increases the regenerative brake bias .
Power output is the same as for D .
4. Climate control
The i-MiEV 's climate control system features air conditioning with an electrically powered compressor and a heating system which circulates warm water heated by an electric heater .
The control dial provides six - step manual adjustment of both cooling and heating temperatures .
The system reduces power consumption by minimizing occasions when both cooling unit and the heater operate together .
5.Safety features
( 1) Drive battery protected by sturdy frame
The high - voltage system , battery pack included , is located inside the body frame and is further protected by a well - crib frame against damage from any direction of impact .
(2) Integrated vehicle management system : MiEV OS
The MiEV OS ( MiEV Operating System ) gathers data and information from all the major EV components to provide integrated management of the i-MiEV 's performance .
The advanced management system constantly monitors battery status and the energy recovered from the regenerative brakes while regulating output to ensure smooth and powerful acceleration from a full stop .
As a result the system optimizes and minimizes energy consumption while delivering road performance that is comfortable , safe and reassuring .
Other equipment and trim
1.Body colors
The range of 8 body finishes includes monotones and two types of 2 - tone color schemes .
(1) Monotones
Three monotone colors are offered : White Solid , Cool Silver Metallic and Raspberry Red Pearl ( factory option ) .
(2) 2 - tone schemes ( factory option ) :
* Type A : The two 2 - tone color schemes that have been used to date to highlight the i-MiEV 's originality are available : Red Solid / White Solid and Cool Silver Metallic / White Solid .
* Type B : In addition two new 2 - tone color schemes are available .
" Clean image : " White Pearl / Ocean Blue Metallic and White Pearl / Mint Green .
" Premium image : " Cool Silver Metallic / Black Mica .
2. LED headlamps and rear combination lamps
The i-MiEV is the first minicar10 and the first Mitsubishi Motors model to use LED headlamps , which throw a longer and wider low - beam pattern while also cutting power consumption .
The rear combination lamps also use fast - illuminating LED emitters for the tail and stop lamps , making these lamps more instantly visible to following vehicles .
10 As of end May 2009 , according to Mitsubishi Motors research .
3. PBS - bamboo fiber Green Plastic tailgate trim
The i-MiEV uses PBS ( polybutylene succinate ) - bamboo fiber Green Plastic for the tailgate interior trim .
The use of PBS - bamboo fiber cuts life - cycle emissions ( from extraction of raw materials to final disposal of product ) of CO2 by some 10 percent compared with polypropylene .
4. Mitsubishi Multi-Entertainment System ( MMES )
The i-MiEV is available with the Mitsubishi Multi-Entertainment System ( with a 7 - inch display and SSD navigation ) that is built around solid state drive ( SSD ) technology to offer outstanding power saving and shock resistant properties .
MMES is a factory - fitted option .
The navigation database can be updated using SD flash cards and the company plans to use this feature to display the location of battery charging stations as they become available .
Amautalab
BROADCAST INDEPENDENT / THE BLINDNESS OF THE WOODS
President Barack Obama was wise to vacation this week on Martha 's Vineyard .
Not because it's one of the few places in America where his health - care plan is still popular , but because by getting out of Washington he gave staff time to repair his vaunted message machine , which was starting to break down .
Two weeks ago , White House Senior Adviser David Axelrod said in a now legendary " viral " email that , " It 's a myth that health insurance reform would be financed by cutting Medicare benefits . "
This was sent out the day before ...
The CEO of Whole Foods , John Mackey , just penned an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal .
It sounds like something written by Dick Armey with the help of Sarah Palin and the teabag brigade .
I am absolutely shocked .
Joe , an avid Whole Foods shopper , up until this morning , is absolutely devastated .
Read this opinion piece .
It ’s not just someone who disagrees with President Obama about the details of health care reform .
It reads like someone who is a conservative Republican activist .
I ’d highly suggest you share this article with your progressive friends who , like Joe and me , have for far too long been under the mistaken assumption that Whole Foods was a “ good ” company .
Apparently they ’re one of the worst out there .
Not just agnostic on doing good , but affirmatively trying to stop good from happening .
When you go to Whole Foods you are bankrolling the conservative Republican effort to kill health care reform and to label Democratic presidents and Democratic values “ socialist . ”
The CEO of Whole Foods thinks you ’re a socialist .
It ’s time to stop giving him your money .
Whole Foods ’ co-founder and CEO opens the piece by quoting Margaret Thatcher , in an effort , apparently , to label President Obama ’s health care plan as “ socialism :
“ The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out
of other people ’s money . ” — Margaret Thatcher
Then , Mackey implicitly criticizes the stimulus bill ( by harping on the deficit ) , calls health care reform “ an entitlement , ” and suggests that health care reform would be some kind of “ government takeover ” – all GOP talking points :
With a projected $ 1.8 trillion deficit for 2009 , several trillions more in deficits projected over the next decade , and with both Medicare and Social Security entitlement spending about to ratchet up several notches over the next 15 years as Baby Boomers become eligible for both , we are rapidly running out of other people ’s money .
These deficits are simply not sustainable .
They are either going to result in unprecedented new taxes and inflation , or they will bankrupt us .
While we clearly need health - care reform , the last thing our country needs is a massive new health - care entitlement that will create hundreds of billions of dollars of new unfunded deficits and move us much closer to a government takeover of our health - care system .
Instead , we should be trying to achieve reforms by moving in the opposite direction — toward less government control and more individual empowerment .
Here are eight reforms that would greatly lower the cost of health care for everyone …
Like a good teabagger , he ’s accusing Canada and the UK , and I guess France and every other “ socialized ” country of “ rationing ” :
Even in countries like Canada and the U.K. , there is no intrinsic right to health care .
Rather , citizens in these countries are told by government bureaucrats what health - care treatments they are eligible to receive and when they can receive them .
All countries with socialized medicine ration health care by forcing their citizens to wait in lines to receive scarce treatments .
Oh dear God .
He ’s actually arguing that most diseases and health care problems would n’t happen if we all simply ate our vegetables :
Honestly , is there anything " wrong " with having ridiculous , overpowered characters in a single player game ?
It may make the game imbalanced , but for some people , that 's part of the fun .
I had a blast in Final Fantasy X - 2 ( do n't judge me ! ) after playing through the game a few times , having 2x Iron Dukes equipped to each character , Yuna having 30,000 +HP and Trigger Happy being able to kill anything in the game ( 10 x 99,999 dmg hits .
Oh yeah ) .
Was it completely broken ?
Yeah .
Did the game lose any and all challenge it presented ?
Yeah .
But you know what ?
I had a blast with the game when it WAS challenging the first few times I played through it , unlocking all the secrets , and choosing different paths each time .
What kept me playing beyond that was being able to get multiples of ridiculous items ( Iron Dukes ) and all the other crazy things .
To use another example , what was left in the GTA games after you got 100 % completion ?
Did you just stop playing ?
I know myself , as well as a lot of other people with the game , decided to enter crazy cheat codes and go nuts in the world .
How fun would that have been if you were limited to what was directly available to you in the game ?
Not quite the same experience .
I can respect wanting to preserve " balance " in the game for people who want to play through as such , but honestly .
What 's the harm in letting people go even further in the game if they chose to do so ?
It 's not like you have to compromise the game 's integrity and objectives by allowing it .
Going back to my X - 2 example ( bare with me here ) , you had to navigate 100 floors of a ridiculously hard zone ( Via Infinito ) to get to 2 equally ridiculously hard bosses back - to - back ( Paragon / Trema ) in order to obtain the Iron Duke .
The item you got completely broke the game , but you'd be hard pressed to get it less than your 3rd time playing through the game as well as the fact you 've already proved your ability to beat the hardest content available in the game to receive such an item .
Sorry to rant about a game most of the gamer community seems to dislike , but I felt the example was merited .
Basically , why restrict your userbase from partaking in fun activities just because it might make a certain segment of the game too easy on their 3rd time playing the game ?
' Cuz in all my experience , such things only keep people playing longer .
Is n't that a good thing ?
IBM research still heavily invests on new programs that drives innovation in the Industry .
In the recent research to mimic the best parts of human brain function on a highly intelligent computer to decypher tons of data quickly , it got investors .
IBM received $ 16.1 million to kick start its ’ part of a DARPA – Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency research program aimed at “ Rapidly and efficiently put brain - like senses into actual hardware and software so that computers can process and understand data more rapidly ” .
IBM has now got $ 21 million to work on the program known as Systems of neuromorphic adaptive plastic scalable electronics ( SyNAPSE ) which includes researchers from HRL Laboratories , which got $ 16.2 million in Oct. 2008 , and others such as HP .
According to DARPA ,
“ The SyNAPSE program will create useful , intelligent machines .
In DARPA language : the agency is looking to develop electronic neuromorphic machine technology that is scalable to biological levels .
The goal is to develop systems capable of analyzing vast amounts of data from many sources in the blink of an eye , letting the military or civilian businesses make rapid decisions in time to have a significant impact on a given problem or situation .
Currently , Programmable machines are limited not only by their computational capacity , but also by an architecture requiring ( human - derived ) algorithms to both describe and process information from their environment .
In contrast , biological neural systems such as human brains , autonomously process information in complex environments by automatically learning relevant and probabilistically stable features and associations . ”
As compared to biological systems for example , today ’s programmable machines are less efficient by a factor of one million to one billion in complex , real - world environments .
The SyNAPSE program seeks to break the programmable machine archetype and define a new path forward , DARPA stated .
DARPA goes on to state that realizing this ambitious goal will require the collaboration of numerous technical disciplines such as computational neuroscience , artificial neural networks , large - scale computation , neuromorphic VLSI , information science , cognitive science , materials science , unconventional nanometer - scale electronics , and CMOS design and fabrication .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
The boy with no eyes
He viewed the world with a different sight
He saw no colors red , green , black , or white
He saw no people , just heard textured voices
Went to church , loved to hear the gospel choir rejoices
Through the touch of others faces , many hardships could be seen
With his hands he felt the weight of burdens , he felt the hands of time
Once he felt a passion so rare for human kind
He could see it in his eyes it was love at first sight
The boy felt it in his heart as he viewed a shapeless world
Knowing this is right , knowing lust brings love
Knowing not what he looks like
A monster bringing forth fright ?
Strange sightless creature
Or a shining knight ?
The boy asks the girl “ What do you think of my appearance ? ”
She shrugs and motions he can’t hear him
The boy with no eyes fell in love with the girl with no ears
Wealthy group pushes to be taxed more Politics
Upper -income earners who actually want to pay higher taxes have launched a public campaign calling for an immediate rollback of the tax cuts enacted under President George W. Bush .
The group , which calls itself Wealth for the Common Good , believes that people who have taxable income of more than $ 235,000 a year should support restoring their top federal income tax rate to 39.6 percent from 35 percent - and now , not in 2011 , when the higher rate is scheduled to return anyway .
From their Web site :
" Our country is facing the worst economic challenge since the Great Depression and an urgent need to make a long overdue investment in bringing jobs and stability back to our communities .
This investment should be paid for , in part , by repealing the Bush - era tax cuts our country cannot afford .
" Those of us with taxable incomes over $ 235,000 benefited from the upside of the economy during the last decade and profited for eight years from a 2001 tax cut .
Now is the time to give back .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
" We would see a minimal tax increase - from 35 ( percent ) to 39.6 ( percent ) , a rate still far lower than the one under President ( Ronald ) Reagan - but the increased revenue would raise an estimated $ 43 billion per year . "
The group 's founders include Chuck Collins , who inherited some of the Oscar Mayer meat fortune and who has long been involved in agitating on income - inequality issues .
He may be best known for co-writing the 2003 book " Wealth and Our Commonwealth : Why America Should Tax Accumulated Fortunes " with Bill Gates Sr . The book made the case for retaining the federal estate tax .
This month , Wealth for the Common Good sent its request , including a petition with more than 1,000 signatures , to President Obama and to House and Senate leaders .
On Monday , my last full day in Florida , I took a “ Greg Day ” .
Some people go to a spa on the days they decide to check out .
Golf is popular .
Reading books , taking a hike in the woods or sleeping in all make the list .
For me a typical “ Greg Day ” would revolve around food .
Eating food .
Cooking food .
Talking about the food you are going to eat and cook while you are eating and cooking the food you are actually eating and cooking .
This is relaxing to me .
But on this “ Greg Day ” I was still wired - off from the food I love .
Though I could tell my broken jaw had pretty much healed .
It ’s funny how your body sends signals .
The signal I was getting was clear : BROKEN JAW IS ALL BETTER PLEASE REMOVE BOLTS !
But I was in Florida and my doctor is in California .
The bolts were not going anywhere !
So I decided to while away the last wretched hours of my oral internment in an enjoyable manner as possible .
I chose laying on a white - sand beach , on a delightfully sunny and warm summer ’s day , with one of the people I love best in this world – while pounding down rum drinks .
After all this is Florida .
Floridians have “ Greg Days ” ( or their version of it ) almost everyday of the week .
All Floridians either live at the beach or at Disney World .
Every day is a holiday .
I read this in the World Almanac .
So I tried to think of the most Floridian of all drinks possible .
And though I saw quite a few sad fools drinking vile , nasty Milwaukee ’s Best beer .
I refused to believe that any Floridians drank the stuff .
So I wracked my brain and came up with the idea to order a Rum Runner Cocktail .
Rum Runner Cocktails were invented in the late 1950 ’s at the Holiday Isle Tiki Bar in Islamorada , Florida .
It ’s name comes from the prohibition ; when the demand for liquor , of most any quality , predictably rose .
When demand is high , niche markets are born .
This is economics at it most basic .
Rum was ( and is ) a product of the islands .
So a specialized brand of “ importer ” was needed .
These men and women used the Florida Keys as their illegal port of entry .
These smugglers and their colorful occupation gave this cocktail its name : The Rum Runner .
It ’s understandably a standard in the keys , and well - admired throughout the Sunshine State .
I am not too sure how well known the beverage is north of Tallahassee .
But most bartenders in Florida are born with the recipe tattooed on their butts .
The sun was quite intense that day .
And a Rum Runner is a rather potent mix of 4 liquors , including 2 kinds of rum .
And I hope you have not forgotten that Sups !
working at a jaw induced 20 pound disadvantage as you can see from these scarecrow legs !
So my afternoon of pounding down rum drinks got slightly amended to mean 2 cool ones with plenty of ice spread over 4 or 5 hours , while drifting around in the sea - green , body temperature waters of the Gulf of Mexico .
I am now back in California as I write this .
I have been unbolted for 2 hours and 12 minutes .
What a difference a day makes !
Because here I am drifting around on an entirely different sort of pain - killer .
Still , it ’s easy to think back to that very nice “ Greg Day ” in Florida .
I can still hear the waves lapping and the palm fronds swaying .
I must have run that rum at just the right speed !
Rum Runner SERVES 1
2 oz orange juice
orange juice 2 oz light rum
light rum 3 / 4 oz blackberry brandy
blackberry brandy 3 / 4 oz banana liqueur
banana liqueur 1 t grenadine
grenadine ice cubes
1 oz dark rum
dark rum 2 oz pineapple juice
India has decided to push ahead with a vastly ambitious plan to tap the power of the sun to generate clean electricity , and after a meeting chaired by the prime minister , Manmohan Singh , it wants rich nations to pay the bill .
Although India has virtually no solar power now , the plan envisages the country generating 20 GW from sunlight by 2020 .
Global solar capacity is predicted to be 27GW by then , according to the International Energy Agency , meaning India expects to be producing 75 % of this within just 10 years .
Four - hundred million Indians have no electricity and the solar power would help spark the country 's development and end the power cuts that plague the nation .
It would also , say some analysts , assuage international criticism that India is not doing enough to confront its carbon emissions .
It is currently heavily reliant on highly polluting coal for power .
The plan provoked prolonged discussion at a meeting of the national climate change council in New Dehli yesterday , which resulted in major changes from early drafts .
The draft document had envisaged a government subsidy of around $ 20 bn ( £ 11bn ) , and falling production costs , in order to achieve a long - term 2040 target of 200 GW of solar power .
But experts pointed out that a large government subsidy contradicted the Indian government 's stated position in the negotiations to agree a treaty to fight global warming .
India , along with China and others , has demanded that the costs of clean technologies should be carried by developed nations , which have grown rich through their heavy use of fossil fuels .
Under the revised plan , India 's solar mission will seek to achieve its targets by demanding technological and financial support from the developed nations .
" In order to achieve its renewable energy targets , the Indian government expects international financing as well as technology at an affordable cost , " said Leena Srivastava of the TERI energy research institute .
The move suggests New Delhi could use its solar energy plan as a bargaining chip at the forthcoming climate change summit in Copenhagen .
The government reaffirmed its hardline position last month when the environment minister , Jairam Ramesh , told the visiting US secretary of state , Hillary Clinton : " There is simply no case for the pressure that we , who have been among the lowest emitters per capita , [ have ] to actually reduce emissions . "
If rich nations do fund the solar plan , the aim of both sides – economic growth for developing countries but with low - carbon emissions – will have been met .
Nonetheless , the plan 's optimistic cost projections were debunked at the meeting , leaving it unclear how much money the 2020 target would need .
" In terms of vision , it 's a very good plan , " said Kushal Singh Yadav of the Centre for Science and Environment .
" But the nuts and bolts will remain uncertain until we get a fix on how much money is needed , and where it will come from . "
Yadav pointed out that India has taken significant strides in wind energy production thanks to a shift in government policy .
Spain , for instance , added 3GW of solar power capacity in just one year in 2008 .
In another significant policy shift following the meeting , solar thermal power ( which heats water ) will be given as much importance as photovoltaic ( which generates electricity ) .
The Tamil Nadu government has already asked for New Delhi 's assistance for setting up a 100 MW solar thermal plant in the southern state .
We recall reading on the Interwebs that natural redheads are a dying breed .
What a shame .
We are huge fans of these alabaster skinned rarities .
Lucky for us , the number of ladies sporting cardinal locks is on the rise in Tinseltown .
We ’ve noticed more and more new flame topped actresses popping up in movies and TV shows , in addition to the sultry veterans who have been singeing the big and small screens for years .
Enough of the jibber - jabber .
Let ’s take a peek at these sizzling sirens .
( Sorry to all Nicole Kidman fans .
She wo n’t be included . )
18 – Karen Gillan
This charming cherub was recently pegged to play the companion to the Eleventh Doctor in the newest installment of BBC ’s long running classic sci-fi series Doctor Who .
Might be time to move to London .
17 – Rebecca Mader
If you ’re a Lost freak like us , you will recognize the freckle - faced Mader .
She portrayed the mysterious Charlotte .
Look for her in the upcoming The Men Who Stare at Goats with Ewan McGregor , Kevin Spacey and George Clooney .
We assume she does n’t play the goat .
16 – Deborah Ann Woll
Catch her in True Blood as a bloodsucking vampire .
We have absolutely zero problem if she were to sink her teeth into our necks .
Or anywhere else on our bodies , if you get our meaning .
15 – Bonnie Wright
Harry Potter fanatics know her as little Ginny Weasley .
Do n’t worry , she ’s 18 .
To avoid possible litigation , we made sure before throwing her on this list .
At any rate , Bonnie is cute as a button .
We predict big things for her after she graduates from Hogwarts .
14 – Marcia Cross
Marcia is an oldie , but a goodie .
She ’s been heating up the small screen in primetime soaps like Knots Landing , Melrose Place and Desperate Housewives for almost twenty years .
As you can see , she keeps herself in damn fine shape .
13 – Kate Mara
We first noticed Kate in We Are Marshall .
Look deep into her eyes .
How can you not be captivated ?
She landed a role alongside Robert Downey , Jr. in Iron Man 2 .
We suspect Gwyneth Paltrow might be a tad nervous .
12 – Rachelle Lefevre
Rachelle must be feeling a bit down in the dumps .
She just got replaced by another member on this list in the third Twilight flick .
We feel bad for her .
We have a great big shoulder perfect for crying on .
She ’s more than welcome to use it .
11 – Kate Walsh
Kate is sexy .
We do n’t use that word often to describe women .
That ’s because most are n’t .
They might be hot or gorgeous or cute , but not sexy .
This tall drink of water is the only reason to watch Private Practice .
10 – Miranda Otto
Best known for her role in The Lord of the Rings movies , Otto has also appeared sans clothes in the film Kin .
We have no idea what Kin is about , but it ’s been moved to the top of our Netflix queue .
9 – Alicia Witt
We ’re perplexed why Alicia has n’t been in more stuff .
Ever since Cybil went off the air back in ’ 98 , she ’s been strangely absent from the scene with the exception of guest spots on series like Law and Order : Criminal Intent and Two and a Half Men. C’mon producers !
She ’s smokin’ hot .
Please cast her in some R- rated movies that require nudity .
8 – Julianne Moore
Moore went bottomless in the late great Robert Altman ’s Short Cuts .
She also played a porn starlet in Boogie Nights .
We ’ve been obsessed ever since .
In addition to her fetching features , she ’s got four Oscar noms on her resume .
Amazingly , she ’s almost 50 .
7 – Alyson Hannigan
Geesh .
Did Willow from Buffy grow up or what ?
She always had a girl - next - door appeal as a young lass , but feast your eyes on the picture above .
If that ’s not a “ come hither ” look , we do n’t know what is .
She ’s got us… spellbound .
6 – Bryce Dallas Howard
Bryce bounced # 12 from Twilight : Eclipse .
We ’re told by all our teenybopper groupies that the Twilight franchise is really dreamy .
We guess that ’s a good thing for Bryce , who is still trying to escape the shadow of her famous old man , Ronnie .
5 – Emily Blunt
Some of us were begrudgingly forced to accompany our girlfriends to The Devil Wears Prada .
Normally , we would have eaten a bullet ten minutes into a movie so mind numbingly awful , but Ms. Blunt ’s scarlet mane prevented us from going all Plaxico .
You can see her naked in My Summer of Love .
Very nice .
4 – Amy Adams
We love us some Amy Adams .
She made Night at the Museum II tolerable .
She ’s only been acting for ten years , but has already been nominated for two Oscars .
She can pull off cute and sexy .
That ai n’t easy .
3 – Christina Hendricks
This buxom temptress drives men mad on Mad Men .
If we knew there were chicks like Hendricks brightening up the office , we would have gotten into the ad game years ago .
Instead , we sit home and write about sports , movies and unattainable women .
We suck .
2 – Eva Green
Eva shows all her naughty bits in The Dreamers .
We ’ve watched it multiple times .
It might be a good movie , but we were too distracted to discern .
She also played the engaging Vesper Lynd in the fantastic Casino Royale .
1 – Isla Fisher
Obviously , Isla likes weird , funny guys .
She ’s engaged to Sacha Baron Cohen .
We are weird , funny guys .
At least that ’s what our ex-girlfriends told us .
Or was it funny looking and weird ?
It ’s not important .
What is important is that Isla realize we would make an ideal rebound after she kicks Sacha to the curb .
Iconic Aussie rock band Cold Chisel will reform for a one - off gig in Sydney this December .
Cold Chisel will be the headline act as part of the final round of V8 Supercars at Sydney 's Olympic Park on December 5 .
First formed in 1973 , the band split a decade later .
They have only played together three times since then .
But the V8 Supercars ' mix of fast cars and rock ' n ' roll fans proved to be an irresistible combination for Jimmy Barnes , Ian Moss , Phil Small , Don Walker and Steve Prestwich .
" Although it is great to make a pile of money , it 's got to be the right thing to do , " Barnes said .
" We 've had other big offers where we 've just gone ' Nah , the time 's not right , or the event 's not right ' .
But this happens and everything came together at once . "
Tony Cochrane , executive chairman of V8 Supercars Australia , said the band turned him down a number of times before finally agreeing to the gig .
" We want this to be the big thing in summer , " Mr Cochrane said .
- ABC/AAP
There is no madness like nuclear madness .
That was the conceit of the Cold War ’s greatest comedy , “ Dr. Strangelove , ” and it was the conceit of North Korea ’s recent rocket - launch extravaganza .
By testing a missile that might one day be able to reach Alaska , Kim Jong
Il tried again to win the United States ’ attention by appearing to be barmy — a gambit aided by the fact that he almost certainly is .
That his rocket fizzled over the Pacific seemed to offer only modest consolation , at a time when the nuclear smuggler A. Q. Khan is running his own Web site from Pakistan , and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , in Iran , is ramping up a reëlection campaign steeped in nuclear nationalism .
Illustration by Tom Bachtell
Along with two unfinished wars and economic freefall , President Barack Obama has inherited a less visible crisis , which may , in time , trump the others : the deterioration of the global nuclear - nonproliferation regime , which has lately reached its most fragile state of disrepair since the nineteen - eighties .
At that time , South Africa became an undeclared nuclear - weapons power , and other newly industrialized nations ( Taiwan , South Korea , Brazil , and Argentina , among them ) quietly pursued hedging strategies that would allow them to build their own atomic weapons quickly , if they saw the need .
Today , a similar but more dangerous competition — not yet an open nuclear - arms race , but a race for nuclear options — is gaining momentum in the Middle East .
Like many Israeli leaders , Iran ’s Arab neighbors fear that Tehran ’s drive to acquire nuclear weapons may now be irreversible .
Some of these countries , such as Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates , possess weak militaries , big oil reserves , and congenital fears of Iranian aggression .
They have recently announced plans to buy their own notionally peaceful nuclear capabilities — plans that might later provide a hedge to keep weapons options open , or to encourage the United States to shield them .
A few years ago , Syria reportedly received a plutonium - production reactor from North Korea .
( Israel , which already has a nuclear arsenal , destroyed the suspect facility in a bombing raid , in 2007 . )
Egypt , too , is discussing bids from nuclear - power companies .
In all this lies the outline of a nightmare scenario , perhaps just ten or twenty years away — a crisscrossing regime of hair - trigger nuclear deterrence among unstable governments , some of which have collaborated with religiously motivated militias and terrorists .
President Obama appears to recognize the seriousness of these trends .
On his inaugural trip abroad , he dedicated an important foreign - policy address — delivered in Prague ’s Hradcany Square — to the challenge of nuclear proliferation .
Obama reaffirmed the obligation of the United States , as a party to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , to seek , as he put it , “ the peace and security of a world without nuclear weapons . ”
He added :
Some argue that the spread of these weapons cannot be stopped .
. . .
Such fatalism is a deadly adversary .
For if we believe that the spread of nuclear weapons is inevitable , then in some way we are admitting to ourselves that the use of nuclear weapons is inevitable .
Ronald Reagan , Henry Kissinger , George Shultz , and Sam Nunn are among the Cold War -era defense hawks who have preceded Obama to an embrace of nuclear abolition .
Even so , it is commonplace to criticize this vision as naïve , since the goal is unlikely to be achievable anytime soon .
This criticism distorts the abolitionist movement ’s work ; its supporters do not generally waste time on speculative debates about when and how a world containing precisely zero nuclear weapons might eventually be created .
Instead , they want to drive down the world ’s nine nuclear arsenals to much smaller sizes as quickly as possible — perhaps to the tens or low hundreds of weapons , in the case of the United States — and , while doing so , to make nuclear weapons as illegitimate and impractical as possible .
For the time being , even cynical realists might recognize that Obama ’s endorsement of the goal of abolition enhances America ’s negotiating position within the nonproliferation system without imposing any practical constraints on American power .
In fact , the Prague speech was not especially notable for its idealism ; its significance lies in Obama ’s comprehensive , pragmatic accounting of the nuclear - diplomacy mess that he was handed by his predecessor .
The current disorder is hardly all the fault of the Bush Administration , which had a few successes in nonproliferation , such as the dismantling of Libya ’s fledgling nuclear program and the partial roll - up of the A. Q. Khan network .
Yet George W. Bush and Dick Cheney disdained and undermined the international treaties and negotiations on which the nonproliferation regime is based .
( Perhaps Iran , Syria , and North Korea would have accelerated their nuclear programs even if the United States had not invaded Iraq and announced a doctrine of preëmptive war ; we ’ll never know . )
What can be observed reliably is that since the late nineteen - nineties , when India and Pakistan tested bombs , the perceived value of acquiring nuclear weapons around the world has increased , the cost of rule breaking has declined , and none of this has evolved to America ’s benefit .
It may be impossible to prevent nuclear gridlock in the Middle East .
Under an umbrella of Russian protection , Iran does not fear speeches .
Still , it is inarguably in the United States ’ interests to employ aggressive and creative diplomacy to attempt to revise Tehran ’s perception of the costs and benefits of its nuclear program .
Obama understands what is at stake : Iranian recalcitrance , he said , could produce “ a potential nuclear - arms race in the region that will increase insecurity for all . ”
Last Wednesday , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton joined a European - led initiative to re-start nuclear negotiations with Tehran .
In a reversal of Bush Administration policy , she said that the United States would be a “ full participant ” in the talks .
The Obama Administration , in its early foreign - policy decisions , has sought to prioritize the most difficult problems in its in - box , and , in doing so , to define the hard facts and choices .
This approach certainly describes Obama ’s foreign - policy review on Afghanistan and Pakistan , which was issued late last month .
The review process bore down on the discouraging details of the revitalizing Taliban insurgency in a way that Bush and his perennially divided advisers never were able to do .
On April 5th , also as a result of a decision by the Obama Administration , television cameras recorded the arrival at Dover Air Force Base of a casket containing the remains of Staff Sergeant Phillip Myers , of Hopewell , Virginia , who was killed in Afghanistan .
For the past eighteen years , the military has banned the media from witnessing the arrival home of a soldier killed overseas , even if the soldier ’s family wished otherwise .
No more .
These caskets , too , are Obama ’s inheritance .
Gradually , the President is fashioning a turn in national - security policy — by insisting , first of all , on an end to denial . ♦
CBBaron said :
The quote you provided only mentioned vegetable food sources as minor sources of nutrition and animal protein and fat as the primary source of nutrition .
Sounds like a carnivore that enjoys sweets ( fruit ) when available .
Click to expand ...
I 'm sure you enjoy candy at times , but you do n't expect to eat candy for a meal .
I think with dogs , vegetable sources of food should be treated the same way and not the primary source of nutrition as it is in most " dog food " .
Click to expand ...
Sorry , I apologize to the OP , this will be the last time I sidetrack this thread unless someone later has a specific nutritional or veterinary question .
That is the problem with quoting out of a giant veterinary tome , or trying to paraphrase a field where extensive research has been been preformed ; you can't quite get all the info into one post without your fingers falling off and / or exceeding the 10,000 character limit .
The definition of omnivore is " having a diet that consists of both plant and animal matter " , ( paraphrased out of Dorlands Medical Dictionary 30th ed. ) but can be expanded to , " a creature that is both able and willing to ingest , digest , and metabolize both plant and animal materials as part of their normal diet . "
To keep from having to quote from the multitude of reliable , peer - reviewed sources out there , I will stick to quoting from " Small Animal Clinical Nutrition , " but will post further sources if you so wish .
If you do not wish to stick to the admittedly dry and boring scientific literature , I am sure a goggle search will come up with similar information , but will also abound with misconstrued ideals on pet nutrition which are backed up only on " feeling " and not on " fact .
"
You mention plant matter as " treats , " and " minor sources of nutrition . "
Further reading in " Small Animal Clinical Nutrition " mentions that not only do wild canids readily ingest plant material in various forms when prey is plentiful , but when animal prey is scarce they can subsist solely on plant material until their next kill .
Research into the nutritional requirements of dogs that compared diets between those fed a balanced animal diet and those fed a balanced vegetable diet showed no difference between the groups .
These studies and observations show that dogs are willing to ingest , digest , and are physiologically able to metabolize plant and animal material , giving them the title of omnivore .
Yes , I do enjoy candy , and no it is not my primary source of nutrition ( usually ) However I also do not eat meat for every meal , and the majority of my dietary intake is from plant material ( pastas , bread , beans , rice , etc. ) , does this make me a herbivore ?
Of course not !
Just because a vegetarian eats no meat products , does that make them a herbivore ?
No !
Because as a human , we are able to ingest , digest , and metabolize both plant and animal materials .
Yes sir , you are also correct that many dog food diets contain a good amount of plant material ( corn , rice , potato , etc. ) , and this is for a multitude of reasons : - Caloric density : Starches from plant material is much more caloricly dense than meat products .
this way you do not have to feed your dog 20 lbs of dog food a day .
- Ability to utilize plant material : Addressed above .- ability to store : I do not know about you , but last time I tried to keep a bag of buffalo guts around .....- Expense :
Yes , economics do take a part , as they take a part in everything else in our lives .
If you are still convinced that your pet should subsist on a majority animal product diet , there are some very good resources out there , but I urge you to PLEASE talk to your vet about formulating a well balanced diet to optimize your pets health , or find a good , credible , certified veterinary nutritionist to help develop a diet .
For the majority of us that do not have the time or money to cook and prepare for ourselves , let alone our pets , any brand name ( not store brand ) dog food out there has been tested to be balanced for your pets nutrition .
If you have further specific questions about your pet , please consult your vet .
Contact Us Customer Service Inquiries Please visit our Customer Service department .
Shutterfly , Inc. Headquarters 2800 Bridge Parkway
Redwood City , CA 94065 Media , Analysts , Investor Inquiries Please visit the Press Center .
Partners
If you are interested in discussing partnership opportunities , please contact businessdevelopment@shutterfly.com
AFFILIATE PROGRAM INQUIRIES
If you are interested in or have questions about becoming an affiliate , please contact affiliate@shutterfly.com
Five years into the future , five Odyssey astronauts and a NASA technician are setting up NASA 's latest high tech satellite just outside of Earth 's orbit .
The five are : Chuck Taggart - a charismatic authoritative and stoic mission commander and former ace pilot , Kurt Mendel - a likable pompous horny quip - prone British science author and NASA 's special celebrity guest on the flight who actually does know a lot about science and can be brave and cunning despite claiming otherwise , Neil Taggart - Chuck 's young adult son and genuine computer expert , Sarah Forbes - a popular news anchor and TV reporter who 's there to make an exclusive piece about the mission , and Angela Perry - Chuck 's experienced co-pilot who 's father is a powerful senator .
Everything is going fine until the Earth is suddenly caught on fire and then implodes for no apparent reason .
This horrifying mysterious event damages the crew 's shuttle , which leads to the death of the technician and also leaves Angela badly hurt and ...
Are people hungry because there 's not enough food on Planet Earth , or is the answer more complex ?
Business experts know factors that consumers may not be aware of .
Most homeowners seek to improve the aesthetic value of their structures ; when they live in aesthetically pleasing houses , homeownership becomes more satisfying .
Experts will ensure that your floors have designs that will complement the colors of your walls and ceilings .
If you are looking for floor shops visit https://esspada.com.au/.
With the floor being walked on day after day by residents , and as their children fall and jump on it , homeowners must make sure they walk on durable floors .
The company will only use materials that are manufactured with quality and have the durability necessary to withstand pressure .
Therefore , consumers will not have to deal with the cost of repairs every month .
With the hustle and bustle of workers ' lives , they would not have enough time to maintain their homes .
The company will make sure to install the type that is perfect for the lifestyle that each resident of the house has .
This will help people cope with fewer stressors when they return home after a hard and laborious day of work .
With the high costs of building or renovating homes , people will have a strict budget on how much money they are willing to invest in those projects .
Fortunately , with the best company , clients wo n't worry about projects taking more than they have planned to allocate .
Election Raiding Party Pirates Plunder Germany 's Big-Party Voters
Germany 's elections have seen one small special - interest party notch up an impressive performance .
The Pirate Party proved popular with first - time male voters -- to the tune of 13 percent -- and won 2 percent of the overall vote .
Party members are already dreaming of a bigger , brighter future .
The following is a guest column by Chris Ahearn , President , Media at Thomson Reuters .
“ Do unto others ”
It ’s a simple standard my mom taught me when I was a kid – yours probably taught it too .
It is n’t always easy , but in business it ’s a good guiding light if you do n’t want your company to be evil .
Recently there has been a rising crescendo of finger - pointing , shrieking , braying and teeth - gnashing about the future of the news .
In the last couple of weeks there have been many comments on the AP ’s proposals , Attributor ’s proposals , Ian Shapira ’s story and fair use .
After some of the AP commentary , I posted a tweet directed at Jeff Jarvis that prompted some members in the community to ask me to be more outspoken , asking me to be blatant about it , to post a public statement .
For those who know me , I usually do n’t need to be asked .
To start , yes the global economy is fairly grim and the cyclical aspects of our business are biting extremely hard in the face of the structural changes .
But the Internet is n’t killing the news business any more than TV killed radio or radio killed the newspaper .
Incumbent business leaders in news have n’t been keeping up .
Many leaders continue to help push the business into the ditch by wasting “ resources ” ( management speak for talented people ) on recycling commodity news .
Reader habits are changing and vertically curated views need to be meshed with horizontal read - around ones .
Blaming the new leaders or aggregators for disrupting the business of the old leaders , or saber - rattling and threatening to sue are not business strategies – they are personal therapy sessions .
Go ask a music executive how well it works .
A better approach is to have a general agreement among community members to treat others ’ content , business and ideas with the same respect you would want them to treat yours .
If you are doing something that you would object to if others did it to you – stop .
If you do n’t want search engines linking to you , insert code to ban them .
I believe in the link economy .
Please feel free to link to our stories — it adds value to all producers of content .
I believe you should play fair and encourage your readers to read - around to what others are producing if you use it and find it interesting .
I do n’t believe you could or should charge others for simply linking to your content .
Appropriate excerpting and referencing are not only acceptable , but encouraged .
If someone wants to create a business on the back of others ’ original content , the parties should have a business relationship that benefits both .
Let ’s stop whining and start having real conversations across party lines .
Let ’s get online publishers , search engines , aggregators , ad networks , and self - publishers ( bloggers ) in a virtual room and determine how we can all get along .
I do n’t believe any one of us should be the self - appointed Internet police ; agreeing on a code of conduct and ethics is in everyone ’s bestinterests .
Our news ecosystem is evolving and learning how it can be open , diverse , inclusive and effective .
With all the new tools and capabilities we should be entering a new golden age of journalism – call it journalism 3.0 .
Let ’s identify how we can birth it and agree what is “ fair use ” or “ fair compensation ” and have a conversation about how we can work together to fuel a vibrant , productive and trusted digital news industry .
Let ’s identify business models that are inclusive and that create a win -win relationship for all parties .
This is not code for some hidden agenda – it is an open call for collective problem solving .
Let ’s do it wiki - style and edit it in the public domain .
Let ’s define the code of conduct and ethics we would all like to operate under .
My suggestion is we start with “ do unto others ” as our guiding spirit – I bet it would make all of our mothers proud .
Post your comments below ( good , bad or ugly ) or send me an email .
You can reach me directly at chris.ahearn@thomsonreuters.com or via twitter @cjahearn .
Ante mil menores reconocidos por su desempe�o escolar a nivel b�sico , el mandatario dijo que se est� trabajando por llegar a tener un M�xico sin miedo
Ciudad de M�xico | Jueves 16 de julio de 2009
Sergio Javier Jim�nez | El Universal
10:26
California ’s political leaders are in the midst of celebrating their temporary “ solving ” of the state ’s Brobdingnagian budget mess by combining spending cuts and tax increases with heavy doses of accounting legerdemain .
Once again , however , Sacramento has failed to take advantage of a golden opportunity to stanch the red ink without imposing a much heavier burden on the private sector : selling state - owned properties .
To be sure , and at the urging of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger , the Department of General Services – the state ’s landlord – recently has begun exploring opportunities for marketing some of California ’s most valuable assets , including the Los Angeles Coliseum , San Francisco ’s Cow Palace , San Quentin State Prison and fairgrounds in Del Mar , Orange and Ventura counties .
That renewed effort represents a major policy change since 2000 , when California ’s state auditor sharply criticized the DGS for failing to dispose of so - called surplus state property expeditiously , thus bypassing billions of dollars in potential revenue .
Sequestering no longer publicly needed buildings and grounds in lockboxes , as did Caltrans , which finally sold a piece of property in the mid 1990s it had designated as surplus 38 years earlier , leaves tons of money on the table .
The ultimate dispositions of LA ’s unused Reception and Civic Centers have been pending for decades .
As far as can be told , the last surplus property transaction of any significance took place in fiscal year 2002 , when the state sold 152 acres in Santa Clara County for $ 149 million .
That parcel was part of a 292 - acre property that had been declared surplus in 1996 .
According to the statewide property inventory maintained by the Real Estate Services Division of the Department of General Services , as of January 2 , 2008 , the taxpayers of California owned 22,727 buildings and more than 6.7 million acres of land at 2,313 sites around the Golden State .
It turns out that state government policy erects barriers to exploiting that potential source of ready cash .
Other than ordinary bureaucratic inertia , delays created by filing environmental impact statements and complying with master facilities plans , the chief reason for foot - dragging is that state agencies have little incentive to identify and sell the properties they no longer need .
If and when surplus property actually is disposed of , the DGS applies the proceeds ( net of its own costs ) to pay interest and principal on state bonds .
Agencies incur the cost of identifying surplus property , but do not share in the gains from doing so .
Moreover , “ surplus ” properties can be disposed of only if the state legislature approves such actions .
And political considerations mean that roughly ten to fifteen percent of the properties identified as no longer serving public purposes ever are offered to the market in the first place .
Properties that eventually pass legislative muster may remain in limbo for up to 14 months until it reviews and approves their sale .
Moreover , other public agencies have the right of first refusal .
If one governmental entity expresses an interest in acquiring another ’s “ surplus property ” within 90 days , the property is transferred internally at something less than full market value , perhaps original cost , again providing no material benefit to the “ selling ” agency .
It seems to be the case that , given its mandate to serve “ the best interests of the State of California ” , the DGS has full discretion over the “ prices ” at which such internal transfers take place .
A fiscal puzzle illustrates the dysfunctional incentives of the surplus property disposal regime now in place in California : Caltrans routinely overestimates the revenue it expects to generate from property sales .
That makes no budgetary sense .
Either Caltrans is not penalized for pie - in - the - sky projections or it ( and Sacramento ) can base spending plans for the coming fiscal year on overly rosy revenue scenarios .
If so , that is a recipe for chronic budget deficit .
Two simple policy changes would transform the incentives now impeding the disposal of surplus state - owned properties :
First , eliminate the right of first refusal , thereby forcing public agencies to compete with the private sector for the right to acquire “ surplus ” buildings and grounds , ensuring that property ownership is transferred at fair - market value to its highest and best user .
Second , allow the selling agency to retain a predetermined percentage of that value , thus motivating it to identify and dispose of no longer needed property in a timely manner .
It is of course true that property now considered “ surplus ” is only the tip of the fiscal iceberg .
If California ’s taxpayers demanded that state government return to its core functions of protecting private property rights and safeguarding the rule of law , many more state - owned assets would fall under the auctioneer ’s hammer .
Innovation is our regular column that highlights emerging technological ideas and where they may lead .
Next time you ride an escalator , spare a thought for Bumper Harris – the one - legged chap supposedly employed by London Underground in 1911 to spend all day riding the newly installed escalators at Earl ’s Court station to prove to nervous passengers that they were safe .
Today we ’re more likely to think of automation as cool than threatening , if we think of it at all .
But public unease may return as machines programmed to follow instructions give way to “ autonomous systems ” that can learn , make decisions and take action by themselves .
So the UK ’s Royal Academy of Engineering argues in a report issued today , calling on the media and on government to improve public awareness of the complex social , ethical and legal questions that autonomous systems raise .
Advertisement
But do we need this debate , or will it only delay the appearance of technologies that have a lot to offer ?
Driver not included
Two scenarios in the RAE report will be familiar to New Scientist readers : motor vehicles that drive , steer and park themselves , and “ smart homes ” that monitor health and boast friendly robots to provide companionship .
Both offer substantial benefits .
Autonomous transport could make roads safer , greener , less congested and more convenient .
Health - aware homes and artificial companions could ensure that no one ever languishes without medical assistance or someone to talk to , something that could help richer nations cope with their rapidly ageing populations .
But although these systems should be far more reliable than their human equivalents , people may not be willing to forgive their rare mistakes , said Will Stewart , visiting professor at University College London and the University of Southampton , UK , at the report ’s launch .
There may be a “ yuk factor ” when something goes wrong , he says , with the mistakes of an autonomous surgeon , for example , seen as inhuman and revolting in a way that human failings are not .
Machine law
Autonomous systems could also bring legal headaches .
“ The law is built around causes , and struggles with systems , ” says Chris Elliott of Pitchill Consulting .
The legal wrangling over which parties are ultimately responsible in today ’s most complex cases , such as air crashes , could pale into insignificance compared with conflicts involving autonomous systems .
If a driverless truck crashes into a human - operated car , who is to blame ?
The designer , programmer or manufacturer ?
Or even other vehicles that provided the truck with navigation information ?
Trying to pin the blame for a failure on individual parts or processes will be as meaningless as trying to decide whether it ’s your right or left hand that causes the sound of clapping , Elliott argues .
Autonomous conundrum
Those scenarios may be unsettling .
But as Stewart said , “ This is a new situation , not a newly dangerous situation . ”
Why whip up debate and potentially slow the pace of technological change when we have already assimilated many embryonic autonomous systems into our lives and accepted the consequences ?
Few of us wring our hands over the amount of thinking that cars already do on our behalf .
Further incremental advances , provided they seem useful and safe , might be accepted without fuss , with the market steering innovation and legal cases mopping up when things go wrong .
Making the public wary , on the other hand , might just result in pointless or counter - productive gestures .
Figures like Bumper Harris could make a comeback .
A laissez - faire approach may seem extreme .
But the internet provides an example of how innovation that disrupts conventional thinking about responsibility , justice , morality and ethics can manage without paternalistic public debate .
Can we afford autonomous systems the same freedom , or do they represent such a significant change they need special treatment ?
Read previous Innovation columns :
Why do users fawn over Twitter ’s failings ? , Award - winning product design of 2009 , Harnessing human nature to improve technology , When security meets surveillance , Physics brings realism to virtual reality , Smartphones need smarter networks , Looking forward to the smarter smartphone , How can Microsoft ’s full - body gaming interface work ?
Half of GPs refuse swine flu vaccine over testing fears
Of the GPs surveyed , almost a third thought the swine flu vaccine had not been tested enough
Up to half of family doctors do not want to be vaccinated against swine flu .
GPs will be first in the line for the jabs when they become available but many will decline , even though they will be offering the vaccine to their patients .
More than two thirds of those who will turn the jab down believe it has not been tested enough .
Most also believe the flu has turned out to be so mild in the vast majority of cases that the vaccine is not needed .
Last night Government experts criticised GPs who decide not to have the jab , saying they will put vulnerable patients needlessly at risk .
A week ago , a poll of nurses showed that a third would turn down the opportunity of being vaccinated against swine flu .
News that medics are unconvinced by the need for a vaccine will cause grave concern to patients who will be invited for the jab over the next few months .
A poll of doctors for Pulse magazine found that 49 per cent would reject the vaccine with 9 per cent undecided .
A separate survey for GP magazine found that 29 per cent would definitely opt out of having the jab , while a further 29 per cent were unsure .
Just 41 per cent said they would definitely have the jab .
Of those who said they did not want to jab , 71 per cent said it was because of safety concerns .
Richard Hoey , editor of Pulse , said : ' The medical profession has yet to be convinced by the Government 's whole approach to swine flu , with most GPs now feeling that the Department of Health overreacted in its policy on blanket use of Tamiflu .
' Inevitably , that has coloured feelings about the planned immunisation campaign .
' The view among many doctors is that the Government has n't yet made its case for why such a huge vaccination programme needs to be rushed in for what seems to be an unusually mild illness . '
But Professor David Salisbury , the Department of Health 's director of immunisation , told GP magazine that frontline health workers had a duty to themselves regarding vaccination .
' They have a duty to their patients not to infect their patients and they have a duty to their families , ' he said .
The Pulse survey questioned 15 doctors , while GP spoke to 216 .
The poll raised further questions over the Government 's planned mass vaccination programme .
The jab , currently being processed , will be fast tracked and will not be fully tested before it is administered to patients .
There are also concerns the jab can spark cases of Guillain Barre Syndrome , which can lead to paralysis and even death .
A mass swine flu vaccination programme in the U.S. in 1976 caused far more deaths than the disease it was designed to combat , and the Health Protection Agency watchdog has asked doctors to look out for cases of GBS when the vaccinations begin .
Earlier this month , Chief Medical Officer Sir Liam Donaldson announced that the jab will be given to people in high - risk groups , such as those with asthma or diabetes , as well as health workers such as GPs and nurses .
Some 14 million people will be covered by the first wave of the vaccination programme , with everyone else following over the next few months .
The BMA is still negotiating with doctors over how they should be paid to give out the jabs .
The union is demanding £ 7 for every injection .
A spokesman for the BMA said : ' The new vaccine has been thoroughly tested and we believe it should provide good protection against swine flu .
' It is important that doctors are among the first to be offered the vaccine as it will not only protect them but the patients they care for .
However , doctors like all individuals have the right to decide whether they are vaccinated or not . '
Evelyn Hamilton has to be my cycling hero not only ( amongst other achievements ) did she cycle 100 miles every day for a 100 days ‘ to prove that women could equal men in physical fitness and endurance ’ but she was also a style icon .
Until now I ’ve only managed to access pictures of her from places like the wonderful National Cycling Archive in Coventry .
To my joy Jack Thurston from the Bike Show sent me these links a couple of days ago of Evelyn in action on film .
I ca n’t embed them but here are the links .
Absolutely worth a click of not just for the well spoken English man advising us that ‘ cycling no handed is about as clever as giving a balloon to a hedgehog ‘ absolutely classic !
http://www.britishpathe.com/record.php?id=36238
http://www.britishpathe.com/record.php?id=6215
We ’d like to know who your cycling heroines are .
Soon I ’ll be running a competition with the Cycle Show to to find out so get thinking and watch this space for more details …
Aggressive Criminal Defense And Personal Injury Representation
Tritico Rainey , PLLC , in Houston , is founded on the principle that individuals and businesses facing legal problems deserve straightforward , aggressive advocacy to obtain the best possible results .
Preparing and presenting a solid case requires the detail - oriented preparation and legal analysis that our trial lawyers are known for .
Many of our clients are referred to us by other lawyers , as well as by our clients , due to our drive to provide goal - oriented and personalized results .
Character illustration is a difficult form of digital art but creating highly detailed 3D digital artworks is even more difficult .
Only the most passionate and most skilled artists are able to create a 3D illustration that leaves your jaw hanging .
And that ’s the kind of illustrations I ’m sharing with you today .
I have linked all the images to their source pages so if you ’d like any of these illustrations in large size , just click on the link .
If you enjoy this post , do n’t forget to share it with your friends on social media .
3D Character Illustrations
Captain Jack Sparrow
The wicked captain is one of the most loved cinematic characters of all time .
His image gets featured on almost all art related posts I make .
I particularly remember his image in realistic pencil sketches .
Open Green
The detail is strong with this one .
I love it only for the details .
For instance , if you notice closely , the skin on her arm and back has a little grain in it , but her face is like she has done makeup .
Such subtle details make me admire the designers so much .
Do you want fries with that ?
The splash on his shirt really makes me curious .
It ’s not the splash is if he touched something , it ’s as if something was thrown at it .
What happened ?
Did a customer misbehave ?
Was it a cooking malfunction ?
And what is that expression on his face ?
Exhaustion ?
Is he gonna cry soon ?
Or , is it just that he does n’t really care about his job ?
The ambiguity of expressions is what made me add this artwork to this collection .
[ rta url = ” http://bit.ly/1UWIaqB” text =” Tweet These Artworks ” ]
Helena the archer
This is a very popular illustration .
It is an image that all digital artists try to replicate in order to judge their skill level .
You can also try to recreate it and see how good have you become .
If you can create something remotely closer to this , you are pretty good .
If you are able to make a near - exact copy , you are outstanding .
[ ad1 ]
Mermaid
Mermaid is one of the most mystical creatures that ever thought of .
It is such an amazing creature that across centuries , many people have gone for quests on finding mermaids .
I just do n’t understand that what do they think , how do mermaids reproduce ?
By the way , US - based digital artist Kaitlyn Christine has also created a beautiful digital artwork of mermaid .
Queen of Blades
This is a typical photo manipulation .
We have shared loads of photoshop tutorials that teach you to create artworks just like this one .
Meduzarts : AION Asmodia
Once again , all the beauty of this artwork is in the details .
For instance , everybody in the ground has something stabbed on it .
An arrow , knife , sword or anything but everybody has it .
That ’s detailing .
Dream
We artists dream a little differently .
[ rta url = ” http://bit.ly/1UWIaqB” text =” Tweet These Artworks ” ]
N0X Presentation Shot
The ladies have got some manly suits .
And now , I say good buy .
If you like this post , do comment and I ’ll create a bigger , better collection of similar 3D character illustrations and mail it to you .
The swine flu pandemic could kill millions and cause anarchy in the world 's poorest nations unless £ 900 m can be raised from rich countries to pay for vaccines and antiviral medicines , says a UN report leaked to the Observer .
The disclosure will provoke concerns that health officials will not be able to stem the growth of the worldwide H1N1 pandemic in developing countries .
If the virus takes hold in the poorest nations , millions could die and the economies of fragile countries could be destroyed .
Health ministers around the globe were sent the warning on Thursday in a report on the costs of averting a humanitarian disaster in the next few months .
It comes as officials inside the World Health Organisation , the UN 's public health body , said they feared they would not be able to raise half that amount because of the global downturn .
Gregory Hartl of WHO said the report required an urgent response from rich nations .
" There needs to be recognition that the whole world is affected by this pandemic and the chain is only as strong as its weakest link .
We have seen how H1N1 has taken hold in richer nations and in the southern hemisphere .
We have been given fair warning and must act soon , " he said .
The report was drawn up by UN officials over the last two months .
It was commissioned in July after Ban ki-moon , the UN 's secretary general , expressed concern that the H1NI virus could have a severe impact on the world 's poorest countries .
It paints a disastrous picture for the world 's most vulnerable people unless there is immediate action .
" There is a window in which it will be possible to help poor countries get as ready as they can for H1N1 and that window is closing rapidly , " it says .
" Countries where health services are overburdened by diseases , such as HIV / Aids , tuberculosis and malaria , will have great difficulty managing the surge of cases .
And if the electricity and water sectors are not able to maintain services , this will have serious implications for the ability of the health sector to function .
" If suppliers of fuel , food , telecommunications , finance or transport services have not developed plans as to how they would continue to deliver their services , the consequences could be significantly intensified , " it adds .
The 47 - page report provides a detailed breakdown of the basic needs of 75 vulnerable countries with the weakest capacity to withstand an escalation of the virus .
Six countries from Latin America , including Cuba and Bolivia , 21 countries from Asia and the Pacific such as North Korea and Bangladesh , and 40 countries from Africa such as Congo and Eritrea are included in the survey .
UN officials say in the report that £ 700 m should be spent on antiviral drugs and vaccines to protect health care workers and other essential personnel as well as cover those suffering from severe illness .
They have identified 85 countries that do not have the ability to access vaccines from any other source and intend to cover 5 - 10 % of each population .
A further £ 147 m should be put aside to organise vaccine campaigns , improve communications , monitor levels of illness and improve laboratory capacity in 61 countries , the report claims .
The remainder should be used to pay for the WHO and other UN - related organisations to help in these countries as well as an emergency fund for additional antiviral medicines , it argues .
The UN 's efforts were boosted last week when nine countries , including Britain and the US , pledged to give the equivalent of a 10 % share of their swine flu vaccine supply to help fight the deadly virus 's global spread .
In Britain , Douglas Alexander , the development secretary , pledged to give £ 23 m .
Some officials within WHO believe , however , that this will not be enough .
One said that richer countries were reluctant to pay out all of the money that was needed .
" The downturn means that governments countries are reluctant to give , " he said .
Another said : " The money is a trickle , not a flood .
It is going to be a struggle .
If we are not careful , the virus could destroy a burgeoning economy or democracy . "
The UN 's request for the money comes as the virus begins to establish itself in some of the world 's most vulnerable countries .
On Wednesday , health officials told one website that the African continent had recorded 8,187 confirmed cases of swine flu and 41 deaths .
Swine flu was declared a pandemic in June and has since been identified in 180 countries .
Pandemic experts believe that the western world , including Britain , is facing a second wave of the virus .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Oilfield services company Baker Hughes Inc BHI.N said on Monday it would buy smaller peer BJ Services Co BJS.N for $ 4.8 billion to create a one - stop shopping destination for its oil and gas producing customers and better take on the industry 's leaders .
The Baker Hughes Center for Technology Innovation building in Houston , Texas is seen in this undated handout photo .
REUTERS / Baker Hughes / Handout
With the deal , Baker Hughes , the No. 4 oilfield services company by market value , will be better able to compete with Halliburton Co HAL.N and Schlumberger Ltd SLB.N for projects that require multiple services as it bets on a recovery in the North American natural gas market .
It adds BJ ’s No. 3 market share in North American pressure pumping , which involves injecting gas or liquids into wells to increase output , to the Baker Hughes portfolio .
It is also a reunion , since BJ was spun off by Baker Hughes in 1990 .
The stock - and - cash deal was worth $ 4.8 billion based on the drop in the Baker Hughes shares on Monday , and excluding about $ 250 million in net debt .
That was down from the $ 5.25 billion value of the deal , or 16 percent premium to BJ ’s closing price on Friday , according to the companies , whose boards have approved the transaction .
Oilfield service companies have suffered over the past year as oil and gas producers sharply cut spending on new projects and pushed for deep discounts from companies such as Baker Hughes .
The proposed deal comes after natural gas prices slid to a seven - year low last week .
“ The business logic is one where both companies felt that all the major international oil and gas players want to rely increasingly on a one - stop approach where they can bundle services , ” said John Olson , a fund manager at Houston Energy Partners .
Shares of smaller oilfield services firms surged after the news in anticipation of more potential deals .
“ This has long been eyed by Baker to establish a more competitive position against the other two players , ” Capital One Southcoast analyst Pierre Connor said .
“ It ’s not a huge premium , but I think the market has been holding up BJ ’s price in anticipation of something like this . ”
BJ stockholders will receive 0.40035 share of Baker Hughes and $ 2.69 in cash for each of their shares , which totaled $ 17.94 a share based on Friday ’s closing price .
BJ ’s stock rose 4.1 percent or 63 cents to $ 16.06 on Monday , while Baker Hughes shares fell 9.6 percent to $ 34.45 .
Their combined market capitalization will be around that of National Oilwell Varco Inc NOV.N , but still well behind Schlumberger , worth $ 68 billion , and Halliburton , at $ 21 billion .
Under the terms of the deal , if either company pulls out , it must pay the other $ 175 million .
PRESSURE ON PUMPING
Industry analysts believe U.S. natural gas prices , which were trading below $ 3 per million BTU , will stay weak into 2010 when cuts to drilling are expected to begin to trim output , and winter demand reduces the high level of the fuel in storage .
For BJ Services , whose shares were up 41 percent this year but remain below the $ 34.90 they hit in July 2008 , the purchase will allow it to link its pressure - pumping operations to a company active in more than 90 countries .
Pressure - pumping is expected to become increasingly important in North America with the rise of unconventional natural gas fields , such as tight gas and shale gas .
Pressure - pumping accounts for more than half the costs to develop those wells .
Baker , which will pay about 10 times BJ Services ’ 2010 earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization , expects the transaction to add to profits by 2011 .
Pressure - pumping makes up about 75 percent of BJ Services revenue .
The acquisition will lift pressure - pumping at Baker Hughes to about 20 percent of revenue from about 1 percent .
Baker Hughes expects annual cost savings of about $ 75 million in 2010 and $ 150 million in 2011 .
Eugene Volokh , August 28 , 2009 at 6:00 pm ]
Trackbacks Felons and the Right To Bear Arms : The North Carolina Supreme Court has just held , in Britt v. State , that some felons -- whose crimes are long in the past -- do have a constitutional right to bear arms , at least under the North Carolina Constitution : Plaintiff pleaded guilty to one felony count of possession with intent to sell and deliver a controlled substance in 1979 .
The State does not argue that any aspect of plaintiff ’s crime involved violence or the threat of violence .
Plaintiff ompleted his sentence without incident in 1982 .
Plaintiff ’s right to possess firearms was restored in 1987 .
No evidence has been presented which would indicate that plaintiff is dangerous or has ever misused firearms , either before his crime or in the seventeen years between restoration of his rights and [ the 2004 ] adoption of N.C.G.S. § 14-415.1 ’s complete ban on any possession of a firearm by him .
Plaintiff sought out advice from his local Sheriff following the amendment of N.C.G.S. § 14-415.1 and willingly gave up his weapons when informed that possession would presumably violate the statute .
Plaintiff , through his uncontested lifelong nonviolence towards other citizens , his thirty years of law - abiding conduct since his crime , his seventeen years of responsible , lawful firearm possession between 1987 and 2004 , and his assiduous and proactive compliance with the 2004 amendment , has affirmatively demonstrated that he is not among the class of citizens who pose a threat to public peace and safety ....
Based on the facts of plaintiff ’s crime , his long post - conviction history of respect for the law , the absence of any evidence of violence by plaintiff , and the lack of any exception or possible relief from the statute ’s operation , as applied to plaintiff , the 2004 version of N.C.G.S. § 14-451.1 is an unreasonable regulation , not fairly related to the preservation of public peace and safety [ the constitutional test that the court was applying under the state constitution - EV ] .
In particular , it is unreasonable to assert that a nonviolent citizen who has responsibly , safely , and legally owned and used firearms for seventeen years is in reality so dangerous that any possession at all of a firearm would pose a significant threat to public safety .
[ Footnote moved : ]
Because we hold that application of N.C.G.S. § 14-415.1 to plaintiff is not a reasonable regulation , we need not address plaintiff ’s argument that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right entitled to a higher level of scrutiny .
The vote was 5 - 2 , with four of the five Justices joining the majority opinion and the fifth concurring in the judgment without written opinion .
Note that since this is an interpretation of the North Carolina Constitution , the decision is final , with no basis for further review by the U.S. Supreme Court ( though of course it can be overturned through the North Carolina constitutional amendment process , should there be enough support for that ) .
Thanks to reader Steve Martin for the pointer .
All Related Posts ( on one page ) | Some Related Posts : Felons and the Right To Bear Arms : Interesting Tenth Circuit Concurring Opinion on the Right To Bear Arms and Felons : Pipe Bombs Unprotected by the Second Amendment : ...
One More Early Post - Heller Second Amendment Opinion : Another Early Post - Heller Second Amendment Case : One of The First Post - Heller Second Amendment Opinions :
Electricity from Trees Powers Electronic Circuit
Researchers at the University of Washington have developed a process for tapping into the electrical power of trees , and are successfully running an electronic circuit powered entirely from tree power .
The power is in very small voltages , but has now been demonstrated to be usable , and could really change the way we look at trees .
Last year , the team from UW found that plants can generate a voltage of up to 200 millivolts from an electrode in a plant and one in the soil surrounding it .
That technology is now being developed for forest sensors .
The team wanted to further their tree power research by running a circuit powered solely by trees , and by succeeding , they showed us another unique trait of our leafy friends .
Image : University of Washington
“ As far as we know this is the first peer - reviewed paper of someone powering something entirely by sticking electrodes into a tree . ” – Babak Parviz , UW associate professor of electrical engineering
One of the co-authors of the study , Carlton Himes , a UW undergraduate student , spent last summer hooking nails to trees and connecting a voltmeter to explore likely sites .
Bigleaf maples , which are common on the UW campus , generate a steady voltage of up to a few hundred millivolts , he found .
The team next built a device that could run on the available power .
Co-author Brian
Otis led the development of a boost converter , which takes a low incoming voltage and stores it to then produce a greater output .
The team ’s custom boost converter works for inputs of as little as 20 millivolts , lower than any existing such device .
The output voltage from the device is 1.1 volts , enough to run low - power sensors .
The circuit built by the UW team is made from tiny parts – 130 nanometers – and consumes just 10 nanowatts of power when operating .
That ’s not really the range for anything you or I would hook up ( no iPod adapters for tree power ) , but shows some potential for what is doable with the power .
Image : University of Washington
“ Normal electronics are not going to run on the types of voltages and currents that we get out of a tree .
But the nanoscale is not just in size , but also in the energy and power consumption . ”
– Parviz
The researchers are quick to point out that tree power is different from the potato or lemon experiment , in which two different metals react with the food , creating an electric potential difference that causes a current to flow .
“ We specifically did n’t want to confuse this effect with the potato effect , so we used the same metal for both electrodes , ” says Parviz
So far , the source of the voltage and the purpose for it in trees has n’t been established , but some feel that it ’s a form of signaling in trees , similar to that which happens in the human body .
Researchers are interested in investigating what the tree is doing with the electricity , and compared it to finding a ‘ pulse ’ for the trees .
The study is being published in the journal Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ’ Transactions on Nanotechnology , and was funded in part by the National Science Foundation .
Please follow and like us :
Related
Promotion
Global Warming .
Unemployment .
How do you come up with a solution that addresses both these issues ?
S M Raju , a civil servant in Bihar has done just that .
Raju has started a campaign to encourage unemployed village folk to start planting trees .
This campaign has been linked with the government ’s NREGA ( National Rural Employment Guarantee Act ) and thus the village people earn money by planting these trees .
Amarnath Tewary writes in this article at the BBC :
An Indian civil servant , SM Raju , has come up with a novel way of providing employment to millions of poor in the eastern state of Bihar .
The article quotes that about 44 % of Bihar ’s population is under the poverty line .
And Bihar has not been able to successfully spend the NREGA funds allocated to them mostly due to lack of awareness .
Here comes Raju ’s idea of bringing in tree plantation as part of NREGA .
Raju ’s program has brought in significant benefits , as he says :
Promotion
“ So the idea struck to my mind , why not involve families below the poverty line in social forestry and give them employment under this scheme for 100 days ?
“ Under the scheme , each family can earn a minimum of 10,200 rupees ( $ 210 ) . ”
Read the complete article here , which lists how Raju conceptualized and executed this successful idea .
A special thanks to reporter Amarnath Tewary for writing about this .
Link to original article : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/8257563.stm
Link submitted by : Deepak and Prakash
Abdel - Latif Moussa was surrounded by armed supporters in the mosque
At least 13 people have been killed and at least 85 injured in a fierce gun battle in Gaza , emergency services say .
Eyewitnesses say hundreds of Hamas fighters and policemen surrounded a mosque where followers of a radical Islamist cleric were holed up .
Hamas fired rocket - propelled grenades at the mosque and stormed the leader 's house in Rafah , near the Egypt border .
It is thought that at least 100 supporters of the al - Qaeda - linked group , Jund Ansar Allah , were inside .
At least one Hamas fighter was killed by a grenade fired from the mosque but most of those killed were supporters of the cleric .
One child was also killed .
The entire neighbourhood was sealed off as the shooting continued after dark - in what was one of the most violent incidents in the Hamas - controlled Gaza Strip since an Israeli offensive in December and January .
It was not immediately clear if the mosque 's imam , Abdul - Latif Moussa , was captured during the fighting .
Fighting pledge Earlier , during Friday prayers , hundreds of worshippers at Ibn - Taymiyah mosque declared Gaza an " Islamic emirate " .
These declarations [ of an Islamic emirate ] are aimed towards incitement against the Gaza Strip
Ismail Haniya ,
leader of Hamas in Gaza Abdul - Latif Moussa and armed supporters swore to fight to the death rather than hand over authority of the mosque to Hamas .
During his own Friday sermon , the leader of Hamas in Gaza , Ismail Haniya , dismissed Mr Moussa 's comments .
" These declarations [ of an Islamic emirate ] are aimed towards incitement against the Gaza Strip and an attempt at recruiting an international alliance against the Gaza Strip .
" And we warn those who are behind these Israeli Zionist declarations : the Gaza Strip only contains its people . "
Jund Ansar Allah ( Army of the Helpers of God ) gained some prominence two months ago when it staged a failed attack on a border crossing between Gaza and Israel .
The group is very critical of Hamas , which seized Gaza in 2007 , accusing the Islamist group of not being Islamist enough .
Hamas has cracked down on al - Qaeda - inspired groups in the past , the BBC's Middle East correspondent Katya Adler says .
Hamas is concerned they may attract more extremist members , and has forbidden anyone except what it describes as Hamas security personnel from carrying weapons in Gaza , our correspondent says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The detection was made in material that came off Comet 81P / Wild - 2 Scientists have identified one of the fundamental chemical buildings blocks of life in a comet for the first time , the US space agency ( Nasa ) reports .
Glycine is an amino acid found in proteins , the sophisticated molecules that organisms use to build and maintain their systems .
It was detected in the material ejected from Comet Wild - 2 in 2004 and grabbed by Nasa 's Stardust probe .
The idea that life was " seeded " on the early Earth by comets is a popular one .
Many scientists hold to the theory that billions of years ago , a bombardment by these mountainous balls of ice and rock brought important chemical precursors for life to our planet .
Somehow evolution was kick - started from this primordial " soup " , they believe .
" The discovery of glycine in a comet supports the idea that the fundamental building blocks of life are prevalent in space , and strengthens the argument that life in the Universe may be common rather than rare , " commented Dr Carl Pilcher , who leads Nasa 's Astrobiology Institute .
See how Stardust grabbed material from Comet Wild - 2
In pictures
Glycine has been detected in meteorites before and there are also observations in interstellar gas clouds claimed for telescopes , but the Stardust find is described as a first in cometary material .
The Nasa spacecraft flew past the 5 km - wide icy Comet 81P / Wild - 2 in January 2004 .
The probe swept up particles fizzing off the object 's surface as it passed some 240 km ( 149 miles ) from the comet 's core , or nucleus .
These tiny grains , just a few thousandths or a millimetre in size , were then returned to Earth in 2006 in a sealed capsule .
Distributed among the world 's leading astro-labs , the specimens have since been giving researchers a remarkable insight into the conditions that must have existed in the earliest phases of the Solar System when planets and comets were forming .
Nasa said in a statement that it took sometime for the investigating team , led by Dr Jamie Elsila , to convince itself that the glycine signature found in Stardust 's sample bay was genuine and not just Earthly contamination .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A three - way sexual encounter led to violence , with a woman stabbing two men with a knife as they wrestled on the floor , Boulder authorities said .
The incident happened early Tuesday in a Murray Street home after two men returned from a local bar and had sex with a woman , the Sheriff ’s Office said in a media release .
The woman , Serena Brooks , 30 , of Niwot , has been arrested on suspicion of felony first - degree assault and misdemeanor child abuse , police said .
A 6 - month - old child was home at the time of the incident , police said .
The child was asleep and not injured .
Police identified the victims as 28 - year - old Ruffin Griffin , Brooks ’ husband ; and Clint Cadigan , 27 .
After being stabbed , the two men drove together early Tuesday to Boulder Community Hospital to be treated for their injuries .
Hospital staff reported the stabbings to police .
Brooks also was injured in the incident .
Details on her injuries were not available .
Police said Brooks used a knife in an attempt to break up the fight between the two men .
Drugs and alcohol played a role in the incident , police said .
Details on why the two men began to fight were not released .
Kieran Nicholson : 303-954-1822 or knicholson@denverpost.com
The difference on GI Joe : The Rise of Cobra is the director -- not state - of - the - art explosion king Michael Bay , but Stephen Sommers , he of the Mummy franchise and Van Helsing .
Where Bay gives the impression of flogging his CGI artists , crew , and cast to within an inch of their lives , Sommers takes a more laid - back approach : it ’s on the cheap , and we ’re hardly bothering .
The special effects are kind of special , but only in the sense that they look remaindered .
The acting is a joke .
Distributed Transactions on App Engine
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under coding , app- engine , cookbook , tech
This is the fourth in a series of ' cookbook ' posts describing useful strategies and functionality for writing better App Engine applications .
As promised , today we 're going to discuss Distributed Transactions on App Engine .
Distributed transactions are that feature that you did n't know you needed until they were gone :
The ability to update any set of entities or records in your database in a single transaction .
Due to the requirements of scale , App Engine supports transactions , but only on predefined Entity Groups .
For most cases , this is all you need , but occasionally you really have to use a distributed or global transaction .
There are proposals for implementing distributed transactions on App Engine , but they 're complicated , and none of them have yet been implemented as a robust library you can simply plug in and use .
We 're not going to attempt to recreate a general purpose distributed transaction system - at least , not today - instead , we 'll address one common use - case for distributed transactions .
The usual example of the need for distributed or global transactions - so common that it 's practically canonical - is the ' bank account ' example .
Suppose you have a set of accounts , defined something like this :
class Account ( db. Model ) : owner = db. UserProperty ( required =True ) balance = db.
IntegerProperty ( required =True , default=0 )
Naturally , you need to be able to transfer funds between accounts ; those transfers need to be transactional , or you risk losing peoples ' money , or worse ( from a bank 's point of view ) duplicating it !
You can't group users into entity groups , because it would still be impossible to transfer money between users that were assigned to different entity groups .
Further , you need to be able to prevent people from overdrawing their accounts .
Fortunately , we can make it possible to do transactional transfers between accounts fairly simply .
The key thing to realise , that makes everything much simpler , is that funds transfers do not have to be atomic .
That is , it 's okay to briefly exist in a state where the funds have been deducted from the paying account , but not yet credited to the payee account , as long as we can ensure that the transfer will always complete , and as long as we can maintain our invariants ( such as the total amount of money in the bank ) along the way .
Let 's start by defining a simple transaction record model :
class Transfer ( db. Model ) : amount = db. IntegerProperty ( required =True ) target = db.ReferenceProperty ( Account , required =True ) other = db.SelfReferenceProperty ( ) timestamp = db.DateTimeProperty(required =True , auto_now_add=True )
As you can see , this is fairly straightforward .
A Transfer entity will always be the child entity of an Account ; this is the account that the transaction is concerned with , and being a child entity means we can update it and the account transactionally , since they 're in the same entity group .
Each transfer will create two Transfer entities , one on the paying account , and one on the receiving account .
The amount field is fairly obvious ; here we 'll use it to signify the change in value to the account it 's attached to , so the paying account will have a negative amount , while the receiving account will have a positive amount .
The target field denotes the account the transfer was to or from , while the ' other ' field denotes the other Transfer entity .
At this point , it would help to describe the basic process we expect to follow in making a transfer between accounts :
In a transaction , deduct the required amount from the paying account , and create a Transfer child entity to record this , specifying the receiving account in the ' target ' field , and leaving the ' other ' field blank for now .
In a second transaction , add the required amount to the receiving account , and create a Transfer child entity to record this , specifying the paying account in the ' target ' field , and the Transfer entity created in step 1 in the ' other ' field .
Finally , update the Transfer entity created in step 1 , setting the ' other ' field to the Transfer we created in step 2 .
Each of the three steps above is transactional , thanks to the guarantees made by the App Engine datastore .
What 's less obvious is that the process can only proceed forwards :
Once step 1 has succeeded ( eg , because the user had sufficient funds in their account at the time ) , steps 2 and 3 will inevitably succeed - either immediately , or at some later point if something causes a transient failure .
A process picking up the pieces later can easily determine which steps have been completed , and pick up where the previous process left off , without omitting or repeating anything .
Let 's implement step 1 , in the form of a ' transfer_funds ' method :
def transfer_funds ( src , dest , amount ) : def _tx ( ) : account = Account.get ( src ) if account .
balance < amount : return None account .
balance -= amount transfer = Transfer ( parent=account , amount= - amount , target=dest ) db.put ( [ account , transfer ] ) return transfer return db.run_in_transaction ( _tx )
Straightforward , right ?
At the point that this function returns successfully , the transaction can only go one way - forward .
If the process currently handling it dies unexpectedly , another one can pick it up later , and ' roll it forward ' .
Since the process of completing a transaction and rolling it forward if it fails are one and the same , we 'll define a roll_forward method that completes the transaction :
def roll_forward ( transfer ) : def _tx ( ) : dest_transfer = Transfer.get_by_key_name(parent=transfer.target.key ( ) , str(transfer.key ( ) ) ) if not dest_transfer : dest_transfer = Transfer ( parent=transfer.target.key ( ) , key_name=str(transfer.key ( ) ) , amount=- transfer.amount , target=transfer.key ( ) . parent ( ) , other=transfer ) account = Account.get(transfer.target.key ( ) ) account.
balance -= transfer.amount db.put ( [ account , dest_transfer ] ) return dest_transfer dest_transfer = db.run_in_transaction ( _tx ) transfer.other = dest_transfer transfer.put ( )
This function is a little more complicated than transfer_funds , but it 's still straightforward if we break it down :
We pass in the transfer entity returned by transfer_funds .
First , the function tries to fetch an existing Transfer for the destination account - this might already exist if a previous attempt to roll the transaction forward failed - using the receiving account as the parent , and specifying a key name based on the key of the paying account 's Transfer entity .
We need to specify a key name in order to ensure there can only be one matching Transfer entity for the destination account .
If the receiving account has no matching Transfer , we create one , specifying the amount and target based on the first Transfer , and setting the ' other ' field to the first Transfer .
Then , we fetch the Account , add the transferred amount to its funds , and put both the new Transfer and the updated Account back to the datastore .
Finally , outside the transaction , we get the returned dest_transfer entity , and update the original Transfer entity to reference it .
We do n't need to use another transaction when we store this entity back to the datastore , because the only possible modification of a Transfer after creating it is to set the ' other ' field , which is what we 're doing .
That , in a nutshell , is how to transfer money between accounts in App Engine in a robust and consistent fashion .
Simply call transfer_funds ( src , dest , amount ) , then call roll_forward ( ) on the returned Transfer object .
If you wish , you do n't even have to roll_forward the transaction right away - for example , you can enqueue the key of the returned Transaction in the Task Queue , and leave it up to the task to complete the transaction , thus decreasing user - perceived latency for transfers .
You may be wondering , though , how partially applied transactions get rolled forward .
The solution is simple :
We find Transfer entities with their ' other ' field unset , and call the roll_forward method on them :
The murder rate in England and Wales is the lowest it has been for 20 years , according to annual crime figures released today .
There were 136 fewer homicides – including murder , manslaughter and child killings - in 2008 / 9 compared to a year earlier , a fall of 17 per cent .
Provisional figures show the police recorded 648 incidents of homicide in 2008 / 09 , the lowest recorded level in the last 20 years .
The number of attempted murders also decreased from 621 in 2007 /08 to 575 in 2008/09 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Home Office statistician Dr Chris Kershaw said the fall in killings was " striking " and suggested it could be attributed to improvements in medical science .
" It 's certainly very striking and I do n't describe it as a blip , " he said .
But ministers say short - term initiatives aimed at tackling gangs and gun and knife crime have also had an impact .
Dramatic results have been achieved through the Government 's Tackling Gangs Action Programme which last year saw a reduction of 51 per cent in firearms - related injuries , from 93 offences in October 2007 to 46 in February 2008 in the areas targeted .
Between August 2008 and March this year there were no gang - rated homicides or attempted homicides in Birmingham .
In Manchester , between February 2008 and February 2009 , there was a 92.7 per cent reduction in gang - related firearms discharges compared with the same period last year - and no injuries or fatalities .
While in London gun crime offences were down by 25 per cent in 12 months to end of February 2009 .
Yesterday 's report found that after taking into account the Harold Shipman murders , reflected in the 2002/03 figures , and the London bombings , in 2005 / 06 figures , homicides recorded by the police have fluctuated between 700 and 900 per year since 2002 / 03 .
However , the latest figures for 2008 /09 are down to a low of 648 , a fall of 26 per cent since 2002/03 .
But there were signs the recession was beginning to lead to increases in other crimes - with burglary up 1 per cent , pickpocket and bag snatch thefts up 25 per cent and shoplifting up 10 per cent
Despite the drop in the murder rate and a fall of 35 per cent in overall crime in the last 15 years , three out of four people believe crime is rising nationally .
Fewer though , 36 per cent , say it is increasing in their own neighbourhood .
According to the BCS , the risk of being a victim of crime rose for the first time for several years from 22 per cent to 23 per cent but remained substantially down on the 40 per cent recorded when crime peaked in 1995 .
Home Secretary Alan Johnson said : " Figures show that the reductions in crime are being maintained and the risk of being a victim is still historically low .
Encouragingly , violent crime continues to fall with homicide figures now lower than they have been for a decade and attempted murder also falling .
Overall , violent crime with injury is down seven per cent and there has been a five per cent fall in recorded robberies , now at its lowest level since 2002 . "
But Mr Johnson said ministers must not be complacent and acknowledged that during economic downturns certain crimes " face upward pressure . "
He added : " Although figures show signs of some acquisitive crimes increasing , the Government is determined to keep these crimes down by continued investment in preventative measures , tough , targeted policing and historically high numbers of police officers . "
GO FIGURE
Different ways of seeing stats
Sir David Attenborough is now patron of the Optimum Population Trust , which lobbies to cut the number of people on Earth .
But predicting population change is tricky , says Michael Blastland in his regular column .
A child watching Star Trek , open mouthed .
The scene , a hideously overpopulated planet .
A stirring caldron of people at the window .
A privileged few who close the curtains .
But I grew up , not noticeably squashed .
The idea of overpopulation has been around a while .
Let 's not go there .
Let 's stick to a simpler part of the problem .
How many of us will there be , a decade or two hence ?
We can decide later if so many is too many .
The answer , crudely , is that the track record of population projection is abysmal .
It borders on being a statistical lottery .
People are not good at seeing the future , particularly the future of people .
The problem is that people are changeable , they do n't always do in the future what they do now .
People , being people , know this - or should - but often carry on regardless .
Total population change in a country comprises three elements : migration , lifespan and fertility .
In no case have people done what they were meant to .
The numbers came out and then , drat them , people had the nerve to live even longer , just like that .
They had lots of babies and then stopped having lots of babies .
Loads suddenly decided to turn up on the doorstep just when it was thought more people might leave .
It 's hardly surprising that the UK projections for all three elements have repeatedly failed to hit a barn door .
Here , just for fun ( they serve little other purpose ) are some past attempts at forecasting .
First , total UK population .
In 1965 , the population at the turn of the millennium was projected to be about 76 million ( the yellow line sticking up ) .
That 's about 16 million too many , or more than two extra Greater Londons .
The 1994 projection had UK population falling after about 2020 .
Ten years later , this was revised to point us above 70 million again .
In general , the figures are all over the shop .
The next chart shows part of the explanation for at least some of the ups and downs : children .
In 1965 , the total fertility rate ( TFR ) was about three - that is , women were having about three children each .
Therefore , women in the future would do the same
Except that in the past decade , the rate of fertility for UK - born women fell briefly to about 1.5 , half the projected rate .
The number of births in one year in the UK was at one point nearly a million fewer than projected .
There 's almost no need to study this chart - just marvel at the way it flails around like a cat o' nine tails - and you 'll get the general idea .
Coming and going
The next component is migration .
A good example of where migration goes wrong is that few people expected half a million Poles to arrive in the UK in the space of about two years in the mid-2000s .
Nor that almost all would travel through ports and minor airports , where far less effort goes into monitoring migration .
Poles flocked into the UK - and out again as the exchange rate changed
So picture the official survey teams , mostly stationed at Heathrow , Gatwick and Manchester , as about 500,000 people tiptoe behind them on some other route .
" Seen any Poles , mate ? "
" No mate , no Poles here . "
Whether the authorities should have seen this change in the pattern of travel coming is another question .
The fact is they did n't .
Not only did we not expect them , nor project meaningful figures for them , we did n't know they were actually arriving .
PROJECTED LIFESPAN IN 2001 1971 : men 71.9 , women 78.6 1975 : men 70.4 , women 76.7 1979 : men 70.6 , women 76.9 1983 : men 72.3 , women 79.3 1987 : men 73.8 , women 79.9 1992 : men 75.4 , women 80.6 1996 : men 75.3 , women 80.2 2000 : men 75.7 , women 80.4 Actual : men 75.8 , women 80.5 Source : ONS and Government Actuary Finally , there is how long we live .
In the past 30 - odd years , projections of the typical lifespan in 2001 has varied considerably - see factbox on right .
These got close in the end .
Though by the end , of course , there 's not much future left .
As the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) reported a few years ago , projections for total population have been better recently but only because the errors on each of the components evened out .
The report said : " Demographic behaviour is inherently uncertain . "
Which is a restrained way of putting it .
It then continued : " The number of children we have , how long we live and the number of people who migrate from one country to another are variables that have changed continually in the past and will continue to do so in the future .
Even if we understood perfectly the factors that have brought about past changes ( which we clearly do not ) , our ability to predict the demographic future would inevitably remain limited . "
Lifespans are lengthening
What 's more , not only do we not know where we are going , we do n't really know where we are .
" We do not even know , with complete certainty , the size and age structure of the current population at the time a projection is made . "
To be fair , the ONS beats itself up ( and the government actuary 's department , which used to do these projections ) unnecessarily by reporting on the projections ' accuracy .
They were mostly not intended to be a prediction of the future .
Projections are not predictions , but simply describe current behaviour and ask what the world would look like if this behaviour continued .
Here 's a prediction : it wo n't .
All - seeing eye
To go back to where we started , people change , and they change not least in response to changes already occurring .
If the birth rate rises fast , the resulting housing pressures and costs alone of 78 million people in the UK would probably do at least something to temper the attraction of large families .
Birth rates have fallen , but so has infant mortality
As for population on a global scale , it does seem likely that it will go up , maybe even faster than the steepest projections , but here 's a telling story .
In the 1970s , a woman in Bangladesh typically had about seven children , of whom two died in infancy .
Today , she typically has about three , who tend to live .
Family size has fallen dramatically .
In not much more than a generation , Bangladesh changed in a way that took the rich world 200 years .
One image of population is that people clock in and clock out , by birth or death or migration , that they do so in reliable , easily measured ways , and that we should be able to take the swirl of political , cultural , economic , scientific , social and personal influences , and somehow divine the mass human reaction .
Are we talking about the ONS , or God ?
Note :
You can now look up past and current projections in a UK population projections database - see internet links on the right .
UPDATE 20 APRIL , 1636 BST : A number of readers have commented that the UK experience is irrelevant to global population projection .
I think that misses the point .
All the argument here is intended to show is how hard population forecasting is , full stop .
The UK is a country we know well , but even here we get it hopelessly wrong .
In case anyone thinks this is somehow unique and that things run predictably on a global scale , they might bear in mind that the rate of global population growth has almost halved since its peak in 1963 and that births have fallen by about 40 million a year in the last decade .
Global population is still rising , but at a far slower rate than in the past .
Of course , getting it wrong can work in either direction .
It could be that current predictions are too low .
The problem - it stands repeating - is that we are very bad at knowing - and that changes can occur quickly .
Below is a selection of your comments .
Nicely done , lots of shiny graphs to prove your point .
Unfortunately , as I suspect you well know , these graphs are irrelevant .
Sir David 's talking about * global * population not the population of any one country which , as you point out , changes according to migration .
Migration changes for lots of reasons on a short timescale , which gives you your " unpredictable " graphs , but is completely irrelevant to global populations .
J Keir , UK
Your article focuses on the unpredictability of UK population , but ignores the hard fact that WORLD population IS growing out of control ( in line with past forecasts of a 50 % increase in around 25 years ! ) .
Something clearly must be done to stem that growth if we 're to avoid future environmental problems and resource shortages .
Sid , Worksop , UK Star Trek 's " The Mark Of Gideon " episode was plainly unrealistic - there will never be such a huge population as to leave us with standing - room only .
However , the continued growth of the human population , the continued destruction and concreting of the environment , and the continued migration to , and enlargement of , cities could result in a situation similar to that proposed in Asimov 's short story " 2430 AD " .
But are we as a species really that stupid ?
David , Cheshire
It 's very easy to dismiss estimates for being wrong .
However , it will be costly to dismiss warnings of what could happen if they turn out to be right .
UK 's maximum capacity is not determined by amount of land mass but by capacity of transport systems , utility infrastructure and food supply , some of which are easy to increase and some hard .
What can not be denied is that the more people there are , the smaller our individual share of resources , including CO2 emissions .
Does that sound like improving quality of life ?
Factory workers in China live in dormitories and eat in canteens because space is so scarce .
Please do n't condemn our grandchildren to that kind of future .
John , London Much of this article strikes me as irrelevant to the issue of over population globally .
One inherent problem with the issue is that it is generally considered at a national rather than global level , UK population predictions do n't strike me as relevant to global population growth rates which have almost doubled since you were likely first watching Star Trek .
France for example is actively seeking population growth on economic grounds , certainly not for ecological reasons .
I agree with your prediction that as under - developed countries prosper , the birth rate will fall , I am sure Sir David would also agree but it is likely that we will still be heading in the wrong direction at a fantastic rate for the ' foreseeable ' future and the effect on the planet will be compounded by the increased use of finite ecological and economic resources .
I applaud Sir David for having the guts to support this cause .
Many things can be predicted with a great deal of certainty ; birth , death and taxes being three .
Unfortunately I would predict nothing will be done to reduce global population growth and it will continue to impinge on the world 's ecology as we crowd out the light .
Roland , Dublin
All migration data is pointless when resources are viewed globally .
Pressure to have smaller families is also spread evenly .
To maintain a decent standard of living for each person , there has to be a global upper limit .
Because there is no global government each country has to set this to the best of their knowledge .
Because we as a nation and island are already having trouble with population ( roads , sustainable agriculture ) it should be capped ( and thus migration should be capped as births are harder to restrict ) at a level less than it is now .
Very simple and transcends any squabbling of human rights or economics .
James Webb , Birmingham
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Auto show workers look at a Geely silver sedan , the first bound - for - America Chinese car to be shown in the U.S. , on display at Cobo center for the North American International Auto Show in Detroit January 6 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - A Goldman Sachs Group private equity fund is investing about $ 250 million in Chinese carmaker Geely Automobile 0175 .
HK , a move that could free up capital for Geely 's parent to bid on Ford 's F.N Volvo unit , the Wall Street Journal reported , citing an unidentified source .
Goldman Sachs Capital Partners ’ purchase of Geely convertible bonds and warrants would give it an unspecified minority stake in the carmaker , an investment that would be announced on Monday , the newspaper reported , citing a Geely executive .
Goldman Sachs and Geely officials on Sunday were not immediately available to comment on the report .
Geely said earlier this month that its parent was considering a bid for Volvo with a local government - backed investment firm .
( 1$ =6.83 yuan )
Tags
The principal problem with the current economic crisis is that the authorities are trying to solve the debt crisis by adding more debt — which is akin to trying to cure a viral infection by injecting more viruses .
In case some have forgotten , the United States is undergoing a serious credit crisis , that is , a debt crisis .
All sectors of the American economy are suffering from a chronic addiction to credit , which manifests itself as the disease of excess debt .
Household , business , and public debt have reached all - time highs .
Consequently , it would not seem logical for the federal government to fight the debt crisis by adding trillions of dollars to the national debt and by lowering interest rates to promote even more credit .
A debt crisis can only be solved by paying down and reducing debt ; it can not be solved by compounding ever - more debt on top of an extremely overleveraged economy .
Consumer credit , which in 1950 was only 6 % of total gross domestic product ( GDP ) , has by 2009 tripled to 18 % of GDP .
Bank credit , which in 1947 was 45 % of GDP , has by 2009 risen to 67 % of GDP .
Household debt , which in 1957 was only about 45 % of national income , peaked at over 120 % of national income by 2007 .
According to the congressional budget office ( CBO ) , federal debt , which was at an already - high level of 41 % of GDP in 2008 , is expected to balloon to 200 % of GDP by 2038 .
The CBO expects federal debt to grow to 60 % of GDP by 2010 .
However , if you read the statements of the policy makers , it would seem that the problem is not excess credit , but exactly the opposite .
In their view , the problem is a lack of credit .
On April 14 of this year , President Obama made the following remarks about the crisis , stating that
the second step has been to heal our financial system so that credit is once again flowing to the businesses and families . …
The heart of this financial crisis is that too many banks and other financial institutions simply stopped lending money … I do agree … that we must provide banks with the capital and the confidence necessary to start lending again .
More recently , on July 21 , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke stated that " many of the improvements in financial conditions can be traced , in part , to policy actions taken by the Federal Reserve to encourage the flow of credit . "
And many Republican leaders have given similar statements .
It is clear that policy makers agree on something : they want more credit in the system .
But what this means is that , knowingly or unknowingly , policy makers want Americans and the country to go further into debt .
Argentina suffered a similar financial collapse in 2001 , when its external debt had risen to over 120 % of GDP .
As in most countries that have recovered from a financial crisis , total consumer , business , and government debt had dropped significantly once the bubble had burst .
For instance , Argentina 's external debt fell to only 46 % of GDP by September of 2008 .
This was no coincidence ; reducing their debt was a necessary step in ending the crisis .
However , the United States seems to be headed completely in the opposite direction .
As shown above , the federal debt is growing at unsustainable rates , and bank credit — contrary to what many ( including the president ) believe — has actually continued to grow .
Bank credit increased from $ 9.15 trillion , at the start of the crisis in September 2008 , to $ 9.31 trillion as of June 2009 .
The only way to solve a debt crisis — a path demonstrated by other countries that have survived through similar crises — is to drastically reduce the total levels of debt .
Individuals , businesses , and the government must all tighten their belts , reduce expenditures , and live well within their means .
How can a monetary policy that promotes more credit and a fiscal policy that creates more debt solve the debt crisis ?
The answer is clear : it cannot .
In a way , the lifestyle of American people and American government has been a denial of reality .
For the past 50 years , America has been living on credit and piling up excessive debt .
This financial crisis , if left unhampered , would have been a wake - up call .
It would have forced the reduction of debt in all sectors .
However , policy makers are not allowing this necessary clean up to occur — not just through their fiscal and monetary policies , but also through public policies that prevent various foreclosures and liquidations to occur .
Not only was the apparent economic prosperity of the last 50 years artificial and unsustainable , it was essentially a borrowed prosperity .
And worse , the funds were borrowed , not from real savings , but from artificially created money provided by the Federal Reserve .
This is the stark reality of the United States economy today .
The prosperity of the last few decades has mostly been a grand illusion generated by artificially created credit .
This financial crisis is just the " foreclosure " of the national economy .
In other words , the market is simply trying to force the American economy into paying down its debt .
Therefore , any policy that effects the contrary — that is , any policy that promotes or increases debt — will only make matters worse .
By piling on trillions to the national debt , the government will have to keep interest rates low for a longer period , promoting ever - greater debt .
The result of this must be unsustainably higher levels of debt — and the worst financial crisis ever seen in the history of mankind .
There is a very small , ignorant , malicious segment of the population that is still concerned that Barack Obama — excuse me , PRESIDENT Barack Obama — is not a “ natural born Citizen . ”
They think , because they ’re crazy asshats who think everyone who does n’t have blond hair and blue eyes and an alarming dependency on mayo must not be American , that Obama is n’t a citizen .
These jackanapes honestly believe that Obama ’s birth certificate was faked , years ago , so that 40 years later he could run for Senate and then the Presidency .
Let me save this shitstronauts a little work .
Even if his birth certificate was faked , even if he was born in Kenya , Nigeria or the fucking moon , Obama is still a natural born citizen .
That is , and bear with me for a minute because this might blow your moonshine - soaked brain , Obama could ’ve been born in Paris , Mumbai or the God - damned Sea of Tranquility and he’d be a natural born American citizen .
See , anyone born of an American citizen , no matter where they are born , is a natural born American citizen .
The moment I shot out of my mother ’s womb — into the mitt of a prepared and even - tempered cab - driver — I was an American citizen , simply because that womb was grade - A American pussy ( sorry , mom ) .
As went my mother ’s baby - chute , so went Obama’s .
That means , and listen carefully , you thick - skulled sisterfuckers , the negro President before you is as American as Ronald Reagan .
That ’s right .
Their mothers ’ vaginas were equally American .
They were both given the citizenship test as they slid out their mother ’s uterus .
It ’s a fucking waterslide to freedom .
So , fuck you .
Stop bitching .
And find a way to poorly clean your .308 and put it through your face .
Your conspiracy theories are almost as stupid as your political philosophy , and both are just as quickly refuted .
Following the NoSQL movement , I became a fan of key - value databases .
Usually there ’s nothing interesting to say as they work fine out - of - the - box .
But in a project I was recently working on K - V store started to be a major bottleneck .
I must note that my use case is pretty specific .
In a K - V database I store about ten million records .
The keys are pretty small , about 12 bytes on average .
The probability of hitting every single key is more or less the same , which means that adding a cache layer will not make things go faster .
The values are quite small , up to few kilobytes .
The access pattern is also not common : I only do record updates .
This requires reading a value and writing a new one few bytes larger .
So , unlike normal use cases , the number of writes is substantial .
I experimented with Berkeley DB and Tokyo Cabinet , but I noticed that both engines do similar things internally .
Let ’s take a look at what happens there .
Berkeley DB
In my experiments K - V databases were I /O bound .
To see what ’s happening inside I used strace .
In this strace log it ’s clearly visible that BDB is doing random reads and writes all over the file ( the last parameter to pread / pwrite syscalls is the file offset ) :
pread64 ( 3 , ... , 4096 , 32632832 ) pwrite64 ( 3 , ... , 4096 , 35389440 ) pread64 ( 3 , ... , 4096 , 25407488 ) pwrite64 ( 3 , ... , 4096 , 43790336 ) pread64 ( 3 , ... , 4096 , 23085056 ) pwrite64 ( 3 , ... , 4096 , 43831296 ) pread64 ( 3 , ... , 4096 , 28508160 ) pwrite64 ( 3 , ... , 4096 , 10280960 )
Doing such a random writes is not a good idea ; the system quickly gets stuck on synchronizing dirty pages to disk ( this is the output of strace - c ) :
% time seconds usecs / call calls errors syscall ------
-----------
----------- --------- --------- ---------------- 87.58 0.013548 1 9228 pwrite64 [...]
0.98 0.000152 0 8475 pread64
TokyoCabinet
Strace reveals similar pattern in TokyoCabinet :
pread64 ( 3 , ... , 48 , 108776352 ) pwrite64 ( 3 , ... , 5 , 108772688 ) pwrite64 ( 3 , ... , 4224 , 131860800 ) pread64 ( 3 , ... , 48 , 81600048 ) pwrite64 ( 3 , ... , 5 , 81600048 ) pwrite64 ( 3 , ... , 432 , 126273472 ) pread64 ( 3 , ... , 48 , 96069904 ) pwrite64 ( 3 , ... , 5 , 96066128 ) pwrite64 ( 3 , ... , 4256 , 133663632 )
% time seconds usecs / call calls errors syscall ------
-----------
----------- --------- --------- ---------------- 93.76 0.010568 1 9296 pwrite64 [...]
1.90 0.000214 0 22891 pread64
TokyoCabinet can mmap ( 2 ) the whole file and do no read / write syscalls at all .
That gives a boost , but dirty pages will eventually need to be written to the disk .
I suspect it is done in a fairly unpredictable order .
YDB , Why not ?
Both databases try to reuse disk space from deleted records .
They overwrite places that are no longer used and we see writes with some random offsets .
In my opinion it ’s strange : I have a few - hundred - gigs hard drive and I do n’t really care how much disk space is wasted .
But I really do care about every disk - seek .
What if in a database we ’d only appended data and never modified already written records ?
This way we could save half of disk seeks on random writes and do only a sequential append once in a while .
Writes will on average cost nothing , but we ’d pay the cost of disk space as it ( almost ) never is reclaimed .
That ’s the idea behind my experimental , yet another , K - V database : YDB
Like previous databases , let ’s show YDB in action :
pread64 ( 4 , ... , 68 , 31661472 ) write ( 5 , ... , 104 ) write ( 5 , ... , 96 ) pread64 ( 4 , ... , 60 , 19781776 ) write ( 5 , ... , 100 ) pread64 ( 4 , ... , 60 , 52593732 ) write ( 5 , ... , 104 )
As we ’re doing writes on an append - only file descriptor , we do n’t need to set the write offset and we can avoid using pwrite ( 2 ) .
On the other hand , YDB does n’t do any caching , so it ’s flooding kernel with a lot of tiny write syscalls , way more than it should .
But with an append - only file descriptor the writes are really cheap .
As opposed to TC / BDB they are n’t the most expensive syscall :
% time seconds usecs / call calls errors syscall ------
-----------
----------- --------- --------- ---------------- [...]
31.60 0.000963 0 24520 write [...]
2.23 0.000068 0 4944 pread64
Features and anti-features
The design I chose has some advantages and disadvantages :
YDB is append - only key - value database ( aka : log - like or journaled ) .
The index is in RAM , so retrieving any item costs at most 1 disk seek .
The index is in RAM , so all key values must fit into RAM .
This means that on 32 bit systems the index ca n’t be larger than about 1.5 gigabytes .
YDB is not a general - purpose database , it will fall behind other K - V stores in most of the benchmarks .
Especially in disk usage , starting time and memory footprint .
YDB is designed for spinning disks , but it still can be faster than competition on cheap SSD drives .
This is due to the fact that random writes are very expensive on broken SSD ’s , while sequential writes are extremely fast .
There is a simple Garbage Collector that periodically crawls the logs .
It appends the data from old logs to recent one and removes old , no longer used logs .
When GC is running you should expect YDB to run about two times slower for a while .
Even though we have GC , YDB should n’t run in an environment with limited disk space .
Assume at least 5 - 8 times more disk space than you need .
This means that you store only about 100 GB of usable data on 800 GB hard drive .
This is how it works .
YDB will be considerably faster only if you have a lot of relatively small keys and do a lot of writes .
Otherwise TC / BDB can be good enough .
Works for me
Let ’s try to emulate my use case .
Here are some technical details about a test :
I start with an empty database .
I do a lot of small updates and end up in having 2MLN of items .
Total size of keys and metadata is about 100MB .
Average value is 142 bytes long .
Output database sizes :
TC 260MiB
BDB 320MiB
YDB 492MiB
I did the tests on my quad core Linux machine with 4 gigs of RAM and some generic spinning disk inside .
BDB was configured to use 96MiB of cache , TC had some pretty high caching options ( cache value of 12MLN , xmsiz value of 750 MB ) .
These settings were taken from these benchmarks
Finally , my benchmark took ( lower is better ) :
TC : 610 seconds
BDB : 1043 seconds
YDB : 271 seconds
Second benchmark YDB is terrible in most of common benchmarks .
It wastes a lot of disk space , it starts slowly .
On the other hand , when you have a lot of random writes YDB behaves well .
I included simple benchmark software in YDB sources .
Feel free to check it yourself !
$ cd ydb / benchmarks $ make [...]
Running benchmark : more_than_ram2 tc : 569204ms bdb : 816312 ms ydb : 99022ms
This benchmark , simply sets 16 K keys to some random values which vary in size between 4 KiB to 20 KiB .
This is repeated 16 times .
In this particular benchmark , after flushing disk caches , YDB was about 5 times faster than TC and 8 times faster than BDB .
Summary
Some reasons you might want to try YDB :
You are doing a lot of writes to K - V store .
Your database size is substantial .
You ’re running out of disk seeks .
Keeping Books Safe
A Bad Law Threatens Our Past
Elizabeth Mullaney Nicol
All that Mankind has done , thought ,
gained or been : it is lying as in magic
preservation in the pages of Books . — Thomas Carlyle
Books convey and preserve voices .
Reading books from a time not our own is our most direct access to that time .
Works of literature , like other art , have gone in and out of fashion , but once published , a writer ’s work should remain for all generations to read .
In the words of Joseph Addison , “ Books are the legacies that a great genius leaves to mankind , which are delivered down from generation to generation , as presents to the posterity of those who are yet unborn . ”
Imagine , then , a dystopian horror tale in which virtually all books from the past were destroyed .
Unlike the censored society in Ray Bradbury ’s Fahrenheit 451 , old books owned by scattered eccentric individuals would be left alone , but only books from a narrow strip of the present would be publicly available for sale or lending .
Present - day publishers could select some classics to be among these , and they could select other classics to revise “ for today ’s readers , ” but which books were available and in what form would be entirely dependent on these publishers .
Books that did not meet the ideologies of the publishers , the demands of the mass market , the trends of the day , would be destroyed .
Even worse than censorship in which books are burned for content some deem objectionable , these books would be destroyed en masse , without individual consideration , only because they were not current .
That incredible scenario is actually playing out in terms of children ’s books under a law meant to protect toddlers from lead contaminants in toys .
Called the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act ( CPSIA ) , the law was passed in August 2008 — quickly , without scrutiny , and nearly unanimously — in response to the Chinese lead toy scare of 2007 .
The act defines its mission so broadly as to cover all “ children ’s products , ” including children ’s books .
The Consumer Product Safety Commission ( CPSC ) , the agency charged with enforcement , issued guidelines days before CPSIA was to take effect in February 2009 specifying that all children ’s books published before 1985 would become illegal to sell unless they passed a lead - content test : less than 600 parts per million , dropping down to 300 ppm in August 2009 and 90 ppm in 2011 .
Prior to 1985 , lead in miniscule amounts was a common ingredient in ink ( useful for its plasticity and softness ) .
But lead is hazardous only when ingested .
As Jay Dempsey of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention told the Associated Press , “ on a scale of one to ten , this is like a 0.5 level of concern . ”
Eight - year - olds do not eat their books , there is no evidence that any child has ever been harmed by spending vast amounts of time with nineteenth - and twentieth - century books ( certainly not the diminished intelligence associated with lead poisoning ! ) , and the loss we ’d suffer by following this directive would be enormous .
Booksellers face a $ 100,000 fine for passing on these books , even giving them away .
Meanwhile , CPSIA ’s implications for library books are unclear , but the outlook is not good : the CPSC has asked for the offending books to be “ sequestered until we get more information . ”
According to the American Library Association ( ALA ) , the cost to test each book would be between $ 300 and $ 600 .
This burden of proof is already causing severe hardship for used booksellers and owners of thrift stores and similar small businesses , not to mention the people who depend on these places to purchase affordable products for their families .
A cursory Google search reveals tales of businesses having to close their doors .
Many others have been forced to throw out huge quantities of their inventory .
A broken - hearted Houston shopper recounts :
I just came back from my local thrift store with tears in my eyes !
I watched as boxes and boxes of children ’s books were thrown into the garbage !
Today was the deadline and I just ca n’t believe it !
Every book they had on the shelves prior to 1985 was destroyed !
I managed to grab a 1967 edition of The Outsiders from the top of the box , but so many !
These boxes of books are headed to landfills — an ironic consequence of what was intended to be an environmentally pious law .
One peeved store owner complained to the Milwaukee Journal - Sentinel , “ This law was written one night in Washington when everyone was drunk . ”
Emily Sheketoff , executive director of the ALA , lamented to the St. Petersburg Times , “ We ’re talking about tens of millions of copies of children ’s books that are perfectly safe ....
I wish a reasonable , rational person would just say , ‛ This is stupid .
What are we doing ? ’ ”
If we were merely to wipe out shelves full of books from our libraries under an arbitrary grouping — say , all those on the lower two shelves , or all those written by authors in the second half of the alphabet — that would be a travesty .
But worse still is to wipe out books that , as a group , have certain desirable characteristics .
Children ’s books of yore tend to use more sophisticated , literary language than their more recent counterparts .
The quality of their paper , bindings , and illustrations are often superior .
Vintage children ’s books assume and encourage the readers ’ fascination with adventure , their eagerness to learn about the world , their respect for great men and women .
Arthur Burrell ’s Selections from the Faerie Queene ( 1913 ) invites children to enjoy the adventures of Una and her Red Cross Knight long before they are ready to study Spenser ’s classic in college .
Glanville Downey selected and translated Stories from Herodotus ( 1965 ) in the belief that the “ father of history ” wrote in a manner that “ absorbs the attention of the reader ” and of subjects “ as timeless as a man ’s interest in his fellow man and in the ever - recurring struggle for human liberty . ”
In A Bridle for Pegasus ( 1953 ) , Katherine B. Shippen treats children to “ the story of the dream of flying ” through captivating tales of those who pursued that dream , from the Greeks who told of Daedalus and Icarus , to Brother Orlando who fashioned great feathered wings for himself , to balloons and parachutes and gliders and airplanes , to Sam Clark who shot a steel rocket into space in 1949 .
There is much to tell of the story of flight in the decades since 1949 , and other books to tell that tale , but none better to tell children these early foundational stories .
To wit :
In the sky above New Mexico that night while Sam was writing his story of the rocket ’s take - off , the planets went swinging in their accustomed courses round the sun .
The lonely craters of the moon gave back the gleaming earth light and the sun light .
Mercury , moving close to the sun , blazed with its reflected shining .
Venus glowed with its pale steady brilliance , and red Mars , and Saturn encircled with its rings , and Pluto , the outermost planet — all moved in their age - old ways .
No man from Earth had ever yet come near them .
And no one knew for sure what they were like , or what the silent space was like through which they moved .
The rocket from New Mexico had merely dipped into the edge of that vast universe .
It was as if a little boy had dipped his feet into the edge of a great ocean , making no motion in its waters , no change in its moving tides .
Yet men were beginning to dream that some day they would cross that ocean — that they would fly through the empty spaces that lie between the stars .
The children ’s departments of my local bookstores include no biographies of Jane Addams , but from used book sales I ’ve gotten Jane Addams , Little Lame Girl by Jean Brown Wagoner ( Childhood of Famous Americans , 1944 ) and Jane Addams : Pioneer for Social Justice by Cornelia Meigs ( 1970 ) .
I have seen several books for introducing chess , but none so charming as Chess for Children ( 1958 , 1966 ) by Raymond Bott and Stanley Morrison .
And it ’s a large hardbound book that easily lies open while a child alternates attention between the book and a wooden chessboard .
Some books from the 1950s and 60s are back in print , but with updated illustrations so the characters appear to be from our time ; if that ’s what it takes to lure readers who are wary of anyone who does n’t look like them to pick up the books , it ’s probably fine , but there is also value in presenting books with a style of illustration and characters with a style of dress from a different time , and that ’s what we get with old copies .
Some books , such as the Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew series , are thoroughly “ updated ” for today ’s readers — simplified , abbreviated , substituting familiar words for those no longer commonly used — so if a child is going to read the originals he needs to read old copies .
The mid-twentieth century produced a wealth of history writing for children .
In Boyhood Adventures of Our Presidents ( 1938 ) , Frances Cavanah describes an incident in the childhood of each president , from Washington through FDR , which was telling of a trait that would characterize him throughout his life — a strength that would lead him to the White House , or a weakness that he would constantly struggle against — and through these incidents connects him to the wider national story in which he would play a part .
Thus we see Matt Van Buren working in his father ’s tavern , hearing men argue and joke about Federalists versus Democratic Republicans , or Zach Taylor ’s father telling of when he had served in the army with General Washington .
Among Nina Brown Baker ’s international biographies are He Would n’t Be King : The Story of Simon Bolivar ( 1941 ) and Juarez : Hero of Mexico ( 1942 ) .
Vast Horizons ( 1943 ) by Mary Seymour Lucas and They Put Out to Sea ( 1944 ) by Roger Duvoisin tell adventurous tales of world exploration , of man ’s glorious achievements , and of the woeful clashes of civilizations .
Shakuntala Masani tells Gandhi’s Story ( 1950 ) through the perspective of a devoted follower .
“ Gandhiji believed very sincerely that the only victory that was worth having was when one won the heart of one ’s enemy through love and self - sacrifice . ”
“ To Gandhiji handspun cloth represented lasting human values like goodness , truth , and simplicity , while mill - made cloth stood for worldly things like wealth and selfishness . ”
Pearl Buck wrote The Man Who Changed China : The Story of Sun Yat - sen ( 1953 ) ; Harold Lamb wrote Chief of the Cossacks ( 1959 ) ; Wilma Pitchford Hayes wrote George Washington ’s Birthdays ( 1963 ) ; Thelma Campbell Nason wrote Under the Wide Sky : Tales of New Mexico and the Spanish Southwest ( 1965 ) ; M. J. Pearson wrote Ride the Red - Eyed Wind ( 1978 ) , historical fiction about the Sioux in 1862 .
Books that were published in the midst of historic events have a unique ability to recall those times for us .
The Picture - Book History of the Jews ( 1942 ) by Howard and Bette Fast tells a story of suffering and resilience ; with what awe we respond to that book now , given our post - Holocaust vantage .
A War -Time Handbook for Young Americans ( also 1942 ) by Munro Leaf is “ a guide to many ways in which we can help and do our duty as the Young Citizens of the United States . ”
“ Our first duties to our country , ” Leaf tells his young readers , “ start right here in our own homes .
It is to defend them that our soldiers and sailors are fighting .
If we do n’t help to make those homes pleasant , happy , and comfortable places to live in , why should they bother to fight for us ? ”
After advising on being a friend ; getting the right food , exercise , and sleep ; doing chores ; preparing for air raids ; and growing gardens , Leaf also reminds children that “ What has made this country so wonderful and strong is that we have come here from all over the world bringing with us so many great and different ideas , talents , and skills , ” and that we should value our differences and be friends with people who are different from us .
For my seven - year - old , who had read everything age - appropriate we could find about the home front during World War II , to hold in his hands and read a book that had been in the hands of children his age then was an awe - inspiring and tangible connection to that traumatic point in history .
And most of the lessons of the book apply equally to his life today .
Some old books , it is true , express ideas and attitudes of which we would disapprove , prejudices and errors that make modern readers wince .
But learning about such sentiments firsthand is at the heart of what it means to learn our history .
Moreover , while correcting some of these past problems , our present age has its own objectionable attitudes .
In too many of today ’s children ’s books , for instance , do we read of children who are bored ( that dreadful word ) with museums and rebellious about being made to visit them , even as the books attempt to draw the reader into what museums might teach .
Too often a defiant attitude is exalted .
Faced with a choice between objectionable attitudes in old books or in new , arguably the old are preferable : not being part of our current culture , they are easier to recognize and thus less seductive .
In an old book about the Vikings , for example , we read that they were the first people to reach America — this in the very chapter that describes their encounters with the native people already here .
Yes , this is a gross error , but it glares at us , we recognize and correct it , and we continue to read the historic adventures otherwise so well told .
The CPSC has provided an exception for books sold as collectors ’ items , not intended for children to be reading .
But the availability of these books to children is the very purpose and value of preserving them .
We want them in children ’s hands , being read , not only preserved on the dusty back shelves of research libraries .
Quantities are important — quantities of titles , and quantities of each title , so they are readily available for loan from public libraries and for purchase through used booksellers .
Families have been able to build home libraries through priced - for - reading book sales and thrift stores .
Some have sought diligently for highly recommended out - of - print volumes , and the Internet has been valuable in connecting prospective purchasers with desired books .
We are suddenly facing the prospect that many of these books will be destroyed , making those that remain all the more rare and inaccessible .
Some used booksellers , trying valiantly to continue selling books for children , are re-labeling their children ’s books as collectors ’ editions .
But this obscures the books from searches by those looking for ordinary children ’s books , it clutters the market for real collectibles , it makes the bookseller look ignorant of his trade , and it is prohibited under CPSIA , which stipulates that a book “ commonly recognized ” as being meant for children ’s use will be regulated as such .
Nevertheless , some sellers feel they have no acceptable alternative .
Says Valerie Jacobsen , a store owner in Wisconsin :
I was willing to resist the censorship of 1984 and the Fire Department of Fahrenheit 451 long before I became a bookseller , so I ’d love to run a black market in quality children ’s books — but at the same time it ’s not like the CPSC has never destroyed a small , harmless company before .
It ’s a scary thing to know that what you are doing is a positive good for the community — and yet possibly , strangely illegal .
Black market or no , it is unlikely that such an arrangement would last very long .
Already , with the many restrictions on the sale of baby equipment — restrictions that are also overbearing , but at least have some more valid basis than the book ban — many thrift stores and charities choose not to deal in baby equipment at all rather than to sort through what can and cannot be passed on .
A donor could offer one of these places a crib that meets all current safety guidelines , but it would be rejected because the organization could not handle the liability .
If this is true for an item as costly as a crib , how much more true will it be of used children ’s books that are of so little cash value ?
And many people who are clearing kids ’ stuff from their homes will not go to great lengths to route each item to where it will be most valued .
If they hear thrift shops are not accepting donations of children ’s books , or if they hear the federal government has deemed these books hazardous to children ’s health , they will pitch them without further ado .
We can be grateful for publishers that are bringing back into print some bygone treasures , books that may be valued by many or may be considered too quaint for interest from the mass market .
Beautiful Feet Books offers Genevieve Foster ’s series on world history ( Augustus Caesar ’s World , The World of Columbus and Sons , and more ) and Zeezok Publishing offers Opal Wheeler ’s biographies of great composers .
But we will never have all the great books from the past currently in print , and certainly not all of them with the quality and affordability we find in the used book market .
If the previous generation had banned out - of - print books for children , Beautiful Feet and Zeezok may never have been able to reprint these volumes ; they might not be around to be reprinted today .
At least a few activists and commentators have begun to decry the impact of CPSIA .
Valerie Jacobsen , the bookseller in Wisconsin who has been lobbying vigorously for its repeal or amendment , reports on a conversation she had with a Senate Commerce Committee staffer : he told her the committee “ had been unaware that pre-1985 children ’s books ... would still have commercial importance and ongoing value for children ’s use . ”
Unaware indeed .
The litigation reform advocate Walter Olson details the manifold insanities of CPSIA at his blog “ Overlawyered . ”
There was a largely unremarked - upon protest in Washington , D.C. a few weeks after the law took effect , while a congressional hearing scheduled for the public to air its complaints was canceled without explanation .
It seems deeply unlikely that Congress will move quickly to amend this act — and even if it does , there is no way to undo the damage wrought thus far .
Thousands of copies of these treasurable books are already lost forever .
In a rousing message to the American Booksellers Association in 1942 , Franklin D. Roosevelt said :
We all know that books burn — yet we have the greater knowledge that books cannot be killed by fire .
People die , but books never die .
No man and no force can abolish memory ....
In this war , we know , books are weapons .
Nine years after the Nazi book - burning , these words had a special import .
And it is because of just such historical remembrance that the federal government ’s banning of a single book for content today would provoke a coast - to - coast outcry .
But mass annihilation — in effect , though not intent — is going more or less unnoticed .
Unless and until a credible health threat is demonstrated , Congress needs to come to its senses and protect the use and distribution of children ’s books of all eras ; otherwise the “ memory ” ( as FDR so eloquently put it ) in these books ’ trust really will die out .
CPSIA was aimed at protecting the health of children — and who can argue with “ safety ” ? — but if a conspiracy were bent on controlling ideas , this would be a nefariously clever approach .
Over the next few months , a select group of East London ATMs will prompt customers with utter disregard for the King 's English .
Instead , the machines will use a nearly indecipherable , rhyming cockney slang dialect .
ATMs run by a company called Bank Machine offer a language option allowing customers to enter their " Huckleberry Finn " instead of their PIN , and rather worryingly informs them that the machine is reading their " bladder of lard " at a prompt about examining their card .
The origins of Cockney rhyming slang are obscure .
It is thought to have been used by market traders who needed a way of communicating without tipping off their customers .
It works by replacing a word with a short rhyming phrase .
For example : " Money " becomes " bread and honey , " which in turn is shortened to " bread . "
Similarly , " head " becomes " loaf of bread , " and then just simply " loaf . "
By Olivia Lang in Kathmandu
Januk Ghimire says all that she wants is for her child to lead a normal life Thousands of people are flocking to a remote and mountainous village in Nepal to see a malformed baby which many are now worshipping as a God .
Suffering from a rare abnormality , baby Risab has a headless " parasitic twin " attached to his abdomen and was born with four arms and four legs .
His impoverished parents say all they want is for Risab to have a " normal body " .
They are worried that some see the baby not as a blessing but a curse - the reason why monsoon rains are late .
' Father of God ' Januk Ghimire , the 32 - year - old mother of the baby , has had to become used to visitors because thousands have descended on her village since Risab was born in January .
Many believe the baby is a reincarnation of the Hindu God Ganesh
To many locals , he is seen as a miracle and revered as the reincarnation of Ganesh , the Hindu elephant God , whose common forms have several arms .
" About 5,000 have come altogether .
Some from faraway districts , by bus or walking , " said Prem KC , a local teacher .
As news spread , as many as 100 visitors come every day to see the baby .
" Some people , when they see me , they say I 'm the father of God , " says the baby 's father , Rikhi Ghimire , a thin - faced figure with muddy legs from working in the fields .
" They come to worship him and give him money .
They just give a few rupees , make an offering .
Sometimes they give clothes or food " .
The family of five live in a one - roomed house , a day's walk from the nearest main town , which they share with goats and chickens .
Two single beds lie against the walls , while corns hang from the ceiling above a small stove in the corner .
Outside the house , Ms Ghimire shoos away her two other young sons as they run around playfully , accidentally knocking the baby 's basket .
Six months ago , she had no idea her third son would turn out to be so extraordinary .
' Killed me '
She describes how she was in severe pain for five days before Risab 's delivery , believing " that this time , I would die " .
Risab was born on the porch , where Januk had only her mother by her side as she cried out in pain .
The family say adoption is not an option " During pregnancy I saw a very abnormal stomach and I was very afraid - not of my family , or of my husband - but of neighbours and how they would talk , " she said .
" If my husband had not been there , they could have said I had given birth to a witch and come and killed me .
" Most of the neighbours came and said it was a God so they told me not to treat it badly and accept it . "
But Ms Ghimire says most of the villagers are superstitious and - like her - believe in witches .
Indeed , her fears are not surprising , with one local Hindu priest openly saying that he believes the baby is a curse on the village and the reason for the late monsoons .
" Farmers cannot do agriculture because of that baby , " says Sher Bahadur Bodathorki .
" It is a curse from God because of a past life " .
In rural Nepal , the rains are crucial to agriculture and villagers ' livelihoods .
We do not have money so we worry we cannot give him what he needs
Januk Ghimire Teacher Prem KC says the reason that the baby has drawn so much attention is because there is little awareness of such medical conditions in rural Nepal and " villagers cannot understand it " .
Risab suffers from a rare condition which occurs only one in 50,000 to one in 200,000 births .
His father sought medical treatment in Kathmandu but doctors said they would have to monitor Risab for six months .
As Mr Ghimire could not afford to be out of work and living in Kathmandu for that period , he had to return home with the child .
Hard life " When I first saw him I was worried about whether he would survive and that if I was not in this world who would take care of him , " he said .
His one wish is for his youngest son to have surgery so he can have a " normal body " , but says he cannot imagine ever being able to earn enough to afford the operation , which could cost more than $ 50,000 .
" It needs a huge amount of money which I cannot provide .
I do n't earn much income , just work in field and sometimes I can expect something and sometimes not " .
Ms Ghimire says she gives Risab to her mother while she toils in the fields during the day , but says the baby is not easy to care for .
" It is difficult to bathe him , to oil him , to put him to sleep .
We do not have money so we worry we cannot give him what he needs , " she said .
" Some people say it is because I was sinful [ that we had this child ] but we did n't do any wrong thing so it should not be a curse , " says Januk .
" I used to be ashamed , but now I am not . "
While life is hard , she says , she would never consider putting baby Risab up for adoption .
" We would never give him away .
If someone wanted to adopt , they would have to adopt us - mother and father - along with him . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Congress last week began hearings about whether to discontinue Saturday mail delivery , close local branches and other measures to try to balance the postal service ’s budget .
On the national news last night was a story about how a small town in Maine fought to retain its lone street mailbox .
I say desperate times call for much bigger measures , and my suggestion is to sell the entire USPS outfit to Netflix , lock , stock , and … Well , you do n’t want to say certain words around postal employees – at least until they become Netflix staffers .
More on that in a moment .
It is n’t so far - fetched when you start to think about the possibilities .
After all , Netflix is keeping the USPS afloat with more mailings of DVDs than McDonalds sells burgers .
They have more than 50 distribution centers around the country , all of them in locations that are more secret than Dick Cheney ’s bunker .
They certainly understand how to run a distribution network , they have the machinery and the personnel .
Plus , something that would warm the cockles of my Republican wife ’s heart , I ca n’t believe that I am saying this but having a truly private mail carrier might actually bring some economic sense to our mail system .
How would this look ?
Here are my suggestions :
First all , all mail would be one size and have to be sent in those familiar red mailers .
That would mean that anything larger would have to use some other carrier , such as Fedex or UPS .
International mail ?
Same thing .
Magazines ?
Well , this is hard for an old magazine editor like myself , but they will have to change to the Netflix form factor if they still want to be mailed .
Junk mail ?
Same deal .
Standardization is key .
No more post cards .
If it does n’t fit in a mailer , you ca n’t mail it .
Next , we eliminate postage stamps .
Since we all will be using the standard mailers , we have standard postage .
You buy the mailer and pay for the postage right then and there .
Forget about metering based on weight : whatever you can cram into one of those envelopes is what you get to send .
This obviates the need to run local post offices : if you need to mail something bigger , you can go on down to Kinkos or the local UPS store .
They give better customer service there anyway .
No more postage meters , but Pitney Bowes has been on the decline for years anyway .
And while we are at it , we should eliminate business delivery of postal mail .
Do n’t need it .
You want to send something , use one of the other private carriers and get it there overnight .
I recall a funny story a few years ago , when I was doing some work for a publishing firm and mailed in my signed contract .
My editor kept saying that he never received the contract , because he never thought to ask where his actual postal mailbox was – there was little point because he never got anything via USPS that he cared about .
The only thing that I get these days in my mailbox are checks , and we might as well move towards electronic payments anyway .
Some of my clients now do direct deposit to my bank account , and I wish more did .
Netflix is a good choice to run the USPS for one other reason : it has an amazing employee base .
You could n’t pick something that was more the polar opposite of the feather - bedded , anti-customer oriented , highly unmotivated , hyper regulated postal system if you tried .
How so ?
There is no vacation or hourly time card tracking policy at Netflix .
There is also no specified uniforms or other dress code policy there but no one has come to work naked lately .
Their entire T&E policy is “ Act in Netflix ’s Best Interests ” and not much more than that .
I think that says a lot about how much a company can trust its employees , unlike many firms that make you take odd flights to save a few dollars that consume hours of your time , or jigger your expense report so you can get almost reimbursed for your actual out - of - pocket expenses .
The lesson is that you do n’t need detailed policies for everything .
( You can see the details of this for yourself if you are interested here . )
I know having Netflix run the postal system is probably a fantasy .
But it is fun to dream , and have hopes , right ?
by Joe Brewer
Changing our politics will involve significant shifts in political – and interpersonal – culture .
This may seem like a truism , yet it is common practice among progressive “ political junkies ” to place nearly all their attention on electoral campaigns and legislative battles .
The assumption seems to be that if only we get more of our people in office the world will magically become a better place .
My colleagues and I advocate for an alternative approach that is more empowering for citizens .
And we believe it is more likely to succeed .
Before telling you about what we recommend , it might be helpful to know where our thinking comes from .
The community of experts gathering around Cognitive Policy Works is comprised of psychologists , media experts , analysts of future trends , linguists , educators , and systems theorists .
We are the kind of people who look at the deep structures of society to discover how social institutions shape behavior .
So , when it comes to politics , we do n’t easily get caught up on superficialities .
This is important because our alternative is to look at the underpinnings of social cohesion to explain why people think , feel , and act the ways they do .
We suggest that political change occurs when there is a significant shift in a cultural lens .
In simple terms , if we change how we do politics we will change what politics is about .
President Obama seems to understand this .
He has shifted the tone of political discourse by doing things in a different way , implying new social norms that include :
Disagreeing without being disagreeable ( based on civility and mutual respect )
Treating members of both parties as patriots ( emphasizing collaboration toward common goals )
Opening up the process to the public with virtual town hall meetings and weekly briefings to the public ( promoting an expectation of transparency and openness among the citizenry )
Following the constitution as a moral guide for good behavior ( taking oaths seriously and believing in the importance of laws for social order )
( You can learn more about Obama ’s moral code here . )
Many progressives have gotten snagged on a political appointment they do n’t like or a program that did n’t make its way into the final draft of a bill that they do n’t see this fundamental change .
There seems to be a wide - spread blindness to the cultural shift that is taking place in Washington and across society .
This does n’t surprise me .
When George Lakoff and I stumbled upon the idea of cognitive policy – the frames , values , and modes of thought that inform political understandings – we were attempting to communicate the importance of cultural values to policymakers in Congress .
These were some very smart people , yet they were n’t able to see the significance of what we were saying .
Their blindness led us to distinguish cognitive policy from material policy .
The nuts and bolts of what is to be done – material policy – will only work if it makes sense to people and resonates with their core values .
The Key to a New Politics
The missing element , what I call the great political blind spot , is a recognition that the workings of our minds are central to politics .
We are not “ rational actors ” who consciously deliberate the pros and cons of every choice to “ maximize our self - interest . ”
Such a view is based on several flawed ideas : that we have conscious access to our thoughts ; that our concepts literally correspond with an external reality ( as if there were only one ) ; that reason works best when divorced from emotion ; and that everyone reasons in the same way .
This understanding of the mind is what anthropologists call a folk theory .
It is a commonsense notion of how the mind works .
And it is wrong in every respect .
The real workings of our minds tell a different tale .
Much of what we call “ thought ” is structured outside conscious awareness .
Our most important concepts are profoundly metaphorical in nature and are shaped by our bodily experiences in the world .
Reason cannot possibly work without emotional sensibilities that shape what we pay attention to and how we respond to different things around us .
And the logic of our reasoning is bound to particular contexts that can be contradictory from one person to another .
Why should you care about this ?
Because it demonstrates why so much of our politics throughout the last several decades has been dysfunctional .
It just does n’t work .
And the reason is simple :
We have assumed that political behavior works in a way that is completely off base .
A Vision for the 21st Century
Millions of citizens are turned off by the political process .
This observation alone should be a mandate for a new kind of politics .
Many reasons have been given for why so many Americans disengage from politics .
People are apathetic .
They only care about themselves and their immediate concerns .
Negative political adds polarize staunch partisans and marginalize everyone else .
There may be kernels of truth in each of these claims .
But I contend that there is something deeper going on .
A good place to start unpacking this riddle is with our understanding of language .
Recent work has shown that our thoughts are structured outside conscious awareness with cognitive “ frames . ”
A common misconception is that these frames are about words and messages .
Many people still think frame analysis is intended for sloganeering .
The truth is that frames go much deeper , to the very foundations of how we understand things in the world .
When George Lakoff published Do n’t Think of an Elephant ! in 2004 , there was a wave of excitement that ended with disappointment .
What happened ?
Nonprofit leaders and political strategists “ tried ” the framing approach by tinkering with their word choices .
This was like moving deck chairs around without realizing that there ’s a massive block of ice below the surface .
They had frames of their own about how language works , understandings that allowed no place for the profound depth of what George was saying .
So they failed to realize that frames go to the core of what it means to be human .
And this is the key to politics in the 21st Century – realizing with clarity and depth how the political mind works .
In a world based on this new perspective , things work very differently :
Citizens recognize fear - inducing news reports intended to inflate manufactured risks and hide awareness of genuine threats , thereby reducing the effectiveness of these manipulative tactics .
Journalists understand the consequences of how facts are presented and beliefs are promoted in the structure of news reporting , resulting in coverage that enhances — rather than erodes — the democratic process .
Policy - makers abandon contrived and faulty presumptions about “ economic rational actors ” and instead craft solutions to societal challenges that improve the lives of real people through deeper insights into the human condition , culminating in robust policies that stand the test of time .
Advocates articulate clear and compelling calls to action that resonate deeply with the values of the citizenry , thereby promoting greater civic engagement and community empowerment .
My colleagues and I are starting to lay the foundation for this new politics .
At the heart of our work is a belief in the democratization of knowledge .
Insights about the political mind are dangerous in the hands of the few .
The best behavioral research money can buy has already been used to manipulate us in the past .
The antidote is to make this knowledge available to everyone .
We can develop tools for countering deception and make them part of the standard curriculum .
Our goal is both ambitious and simple – to bridge the gap between academia ’s extensive knowledge about the human mind and the practices of our civic and political institutions .
We seek to alleviate the immediate crises of frustration and recurring setbacks for progressive organizations , while also looking beyond the horizon to a world where citizens are empowered to know who they can trust and how they can participate in the betterment of society .
A key element of this is revealing the various applications of psychology to politics .
This will require us to change the way we do things .
Old school “ think tanks ” that spit out reports for public consumption are not good enough .
That model is based on the flawed assumption that people only need to get the right facts and they ’ll reason to the right conclusions .
Our minds simply do n’t work that way .
Instead , we ’ll have to create new tools , establish new practices , and envision new institutional forms .
Notions of wealth that underpin progressive philanthropy will also need to change .
We can no longer apply corporate models of worker exploitation to our funding strategies and believe that we ’ll succeed .
Our institutions must reflect our core values – including human dignity and mutual respect – if we are to promote social well - being in the causes we address and instill our values in the broader culture .
One cannot succeed without the other in the long run .
This process will only work if people are engaged more broadly than every before .
Elite tactics that treat citizens as passive consumers will not get us there .
We need to get personal , in two ways :
Recognize that politics is fundamentally about personal concerns and perceived realities Understand that the culture of politics takes root in the interpersonal space of people engaged with one another
So it really comes down to relationships .
How we relate to ourselves and the concerns that motivate us .
And how we relate to those around us in common struggle .
This is where social networking sites become foundations for successful campaigns ( Obama ’s campaign website is a great example . ) .
It is also where leaders become facilitators for the creation of flourishing communities , drawing upon the wisdom of crowds to tap the tremendous capacity of citizens to participate in the creation of collective solutions .
It ’s about the roles we fill and the relationships among us .
Creating new relationships in politics will require us to learn more about ourselves .
We cannot solve big problems like the climate crisis by having our leaders do the work for us .
Novel innovations will be necessary to cultivate the new ways of thinking and organizing behind our solutions .
We ’re going to have to trust each other .
We ’re also going to have to communicate across cultural boundaries ( especially across the boundaries of different political communities ) to find a common vision and set about the work of making it real .
This will be easier to do if we understand the ways that different worldviews lead to divergent meanings .
Politics in the 21st Century will only work if it takes into account the political mind .
The time is ripe for this change .
Yesterday ’s world is falling apart .
We ca n’t go back .
Tomorrow ’s world will be shaped by the visionaries of today .
It ’s going to take all of us working together .
I ’m ready to do my part .
Are you ?
___________
Joe Brewer is founder and director of Cognitive Policy Works , an educational and research center devoted to the application of cognitive and behavioral sciences to politics .
He is a former fellow of the Rockridge Institute , a think tank founded by George Lakoff to analyze political discourse for the progressive movement .
[ After working as a tram conductor in Melbourne and Adelaide he was replaced by a ticket machine in 1998 and so lost his lifetime profession .
He returned to study and is now writing his PhD thesis .
The thesis -- of which this article is an excerpt -- is a detailed examination of the extent to which Communist Party of Australia union activists raised political issues in their unions .
[ In particular it looks at the peace movement , attitudes to the post - war migration program and the Aboriginal struggle for human rights .
There was been a general perception that Communist Party union activists were nothing more than industrial militants .
The thesis aims to challenge this and show that CPA members often raised political issues and sought support for them from their co-workers . ]
* * *
By Douglas Jordan
The Communist Party of Australia ( CPA ) emphasised the central role that the working class through their trade unions should play in the peace movement .
The struggle for peace was as important to trade unionists as was the struggle for improved pay and better working conditions .
Central to the party ’s approach was the view that trade unions had every right to use their industrial strength to pursue a range of political issues .
In effect , this meant that trade union support for the peace movement should not be limited to an educational and propaganda role , but where possible it should include the use of traditional trade union tactics , such as strikes , bans and boycotts .
In the postwar period , with the apparent imminent threat of a third world war , there were new opportunities to implement this policy .
The CPA was able to draw on a number of historical precedents , internationally and in Australia , where trade unionists had used their industrial strength to challenge the war plans of various governments .
In May 1920 the beleaguered Bolshevik regime faced a new and serious threat to its existence .
The outbreak of a war between Soviet Russia and Poland threatened to provide new avenues for Western military intervention against the world ’s first socialist state .
The intervention had the potential not only to destroy the socialist experiment but also the hopes of millions of workers around the world who had rallied to support the new government and its revolutionary programme .
This threat was countered by widespread protests , particularly in Great Britain , with the expressed aim of preventing any new military involvement by the capitalist powers .
On 10 May 1920 London dockers refused to coal the Jolly George which was loaded with munitions for the Polish government .
Harry Pollitt , the future Communist Party of Great Britain leader , played a crucial role in the dispute .
He explained that a small ‘ Hands off Russia ’ sticker placed on the side of a box of unloaded munitions was ‘ big enough to be read all over the world ’ .
Another key role was played by Ernest Bevin , who became foreign secretary in the post - World War II Labour government of Prime Minister Clement Atlee .
In 1919 he had argued that the labour movement was justified in using ‘ any weapon ’ to secure its goals .
It was an argument that was later to be central to the CPA ’s actions in the immediate post - World War II period .
In August 1920 with Soviet troops marching on Warsaw the British government threatened to declare war on the Soviet Union .
With the active support of the British Labour Party 350 Councils of Action were established across Britain to coordinate a general strike if the government proceeded with its plans .
Bevin warned the government that if it persisted a revolutionary situation could rapidly develop .
British workers gained support from workers around the world .
Trade unions affiliated with the Second International called on their members to block military supplies to the Polish government .
In Australia , all the major trades hall councils led by the New South Wales Labor Council , offered their support including , if necessary , the use of industrial action .
They were joined by the NSW branch of the Australian Labor Party which sent a telegram of support to the British workers .
Rather than directly confront this mass movement the British government retreated and abandoned its plans for military intervention .
In 1949 , with a new world war appearing almost imminent , Jack Blake acknowledged the crucial role played by British workers in preventing an imperialist war against the Soviet Union .
However , what was different in the immediate World War II period was that any residual Labor Party support for the Soviet Union had long since evaporated and the party was fiercely anti-communist .
As Blake explained this would mean that once workers understood their own strength and used it , ‘ the war plans of the imperialists and their labor ( sic ) henchmen will be smashed . ’
This attitude would lead , as we shall see , to a confrontation with the Chifley government and its plan to integrate Australia into the Western military alliance against the Soviet Union .
Union action against Japanese militarism
From the mid-1930s onwards Communist Party members started to gain wider acceptance in the trade unions and were elected to central union leadership positions in a number of large industrial unions .
This gave them the opportunity to put into practice their understanding that trade unions had a role in the wider political process .
In particular , trade unions had a legitimate right to use their industrial strength to challenge the increased military power of Japan and its aggression against the Chinese people .
The key unions in this process were the Seamen ’s Union and the Waterside Workers ’ Federation ( WWF ) and their newly elected Communist union officials .
In October 1937 , Newcastle maritime unions refused to supply labour to the Japanese - owned SS Silksworth after its predominantly Chinese crew had complained to local Communists about poor conditions on the ship and that the ship was transporting war materials to Manchuria .
The dispute was therefore seen as making an important contribution to the ‘ Hands off China ’ campaign that the CPA had launched as a protest against Japanese actions in China .
The maritime unions received considerable support from the trade union movement and this forced the federal government to abandon initial plans to bring charges against the seafarers under the Navigation Act and allow the crew to be repatriated to China .
After the 1937 ACTU congress had condemned Japanese actions in China , waterside workers around the country imposed a series of bans on Japanese ships .
The ports involved included Fremantle , Geelong , Melbourne and Sydney .
In November 1938 , after Port Kembla wharfies refused to load pig-iron onto the SS Dalfram bound for Japan , a bitter confrontation erupted between the workers and Prime Minister Joe Lyons ’ conservative government .
For nine weeks the workers defied all attempts to convince them to drop the ban including the declaration by Robert Menzies , the Commonwealth attorney - general , of the Transport Workers Act .
The dispute ended when the government agreed to revoke the declaration of the Transport Workers Act and that no additional pig-iron would be exported once existing contracts were honoured .
In return the Port Kembla wharfies agreed to load the Dalfram .
An important feature of the dispute was that it was initiated and led by Ted Roach , the recently elected Communist secretary of the Port Kembla WWF branch , rather than by Jim Healy , the leading Communist in the union .
It formed part of a pattern where Healy was either hesitant about the ability of the union ’s members to win such disputes , or worried about increased government attacks on the union as a result of their involvement .
A situation was established where rank - and - file Communists were often more aggressive in attempting to implement the party ’s wider political agenda in the unions than Communist union officials .
In the post - World War II period CPA leaders were often critical of the failure of many leading Communist union activists to raise the party ’s peace campaign in their unions .
The ALP opposed the union ’s involvement in the Port Kembla dispute with John Curtin , the federal Labor leader , allegedly telling Roach that under a Labor government , workers would have to load the pig-iron .
In the post - World War II period , the Labor federal government of Prime Minister Ben Chifley demonstrated that it would not tolerate any challenge to its policies when it defeated attempts by building unions to prevent the construction of the Woomera Rocket Range .
The campaign against the Woomera Rocket Range
In June 1946 the Chifley government secretly agreed in principle with a British request to develop a rocket testing facility in Australia .
Subsequently , in the federal election later that year , Prime Minister Ben Chifley announced that his government was seeking to develop ‘ a gigantic industrial project for the production of guided projectiles ’ .
The project was often shrouded in secrecy and when critics of the project raised potential problems they were dismissed as either ‘ oversights ’ or ‘ readily solvable ’ .
The Woomera Rocket Range project was an essential feature of the Chifley government ’s post - war defence strategy .
When news of the atomic bomb became public knowledge John Dedman , the minister of defence , wanted Australia to acquire its own atomic bomb and the Woomera project would have been seen as the first step towards this .
In 1947 , Australia ’s membership of the United Nations Security Council led to Herbert Vere ( H.V. ) Evatt ’s appointment as the first chairperson of the Atomic Energy Authority .
This enhanced his determination to promote the Chifley government ’s policy of developing a British Commonwealth nuclear club and Australia ’s own nuclear technology .
The project would also give a boost to the planned industrial expansion and place Australia ‘ in the very forefront of the most modern developments in Defence Science ’ .
In 1947 , the US and British governments voiced their concerns about the possible leakage of secret information from the Woomera project to the Soviet Union .
In Canada , a royal commission established after Igor Gouzenko , a Russian cipher clerk , defected in September 1945 , discovered evidence of extensive Soviet spying .
By this time it was clear that the wartime alliance between the Western powers and the Soviet Union had ill - retrievably broken down and that a new world conflict was starting to emerge .
In Australia , the goodwill that the Communist Party had gained due to its wartime collaboration with the Labor government had evaporated and its actions were now viewed with deep hostility .
In March 1947 , at its annual state conference , the Victorian branch of the CPA denounced as ‘ lying propaganda ’ claims that it was involved in spy plots to deliver rocket research to the Soviet Union .
The CPA ’s opposition to Woomera was therefore seen as part of a global offensive by communist parties to thwart the necessary defence preparations to meet the perceived threat from the Soviet Union .
The anti-Woomera campaign was one of the few times prior to the formation of the Australian Peace Council that the Communist Party actively involved itself in a peace - related issue .
It occurred almost simultaneously with the decision by the world communist movement to establish broad - based peace movements to prevent what they considered to be a drift towards another world war .
This meant whatever concerns the CPA made about the impact of the proposed rocket range on Aborigines , was nearly always overridden by the suspicion that it was acting solely on behalf of the Soviet Union to prevent a vital defence project .
In a pamphlet specifically written to deal with a proposed union boycott , H.V. Evatt , the federal Labor government ’s attorney - general , said that such claims were a ‘ smokescreen ’ and those who had originally supported it were misled ‘ as most have since realised . ’
Evatt also called the attempted union boycott an ‘ ugly incident ’ and added that the whole situation called for ‘ vigilance and scepticism concerning propaganda emanating from communist sources … especially if they relate to defence and foreign policy ’ .
The campaign did involve two sometimes conflicting issues : the right of Aboriginal people to full control of their reserves without outside interference , and questions of defence policy .
In Melbourne , this resulted in tensions on occasions between the various groups and individuals involved in the campaign .
While some of the people involved in the campaign were only or primarily concerned with the possible impact of the proposed rocket range on Aborigines , the Communist Party opposition was based on both grounds .
Alf Watt , the South Australian CPA state secretary , addressed both issues in his pamphlet , Rocket Range Threatens Australia .
Watt supported the recommendations of Dr Donald Thomson , an anthropologist , that the reserves be ‘ absolutely inviolable ’ and that tribal Aborigines should be ‘ absolutely segregated ’ so that their ‘ social organisation , institutions and culture be preserved intact ’ .
He went on to support the Soviet Union ’s peace proposals , attacked the proposed rocket range as a preparation for war as well as calling for a rejection of the Bretton Woods Agreement .
The Communist Party - led Eureka Youth League was also active in the campaign .
It contrasted government expenditure on Woomera with the limited facilities provided to young people .
The prominent role of the Communist Party in the campaign limited the support it was able to attract .
For some independent activists this involvement meant that the issue of civil rights for Aborigines was lost amid the increasing anti-communist atmosphere .
In November 1946 , the party was criticised by S.R. Russell , of the army general staff , for ‘ inciting and using the protest for their ends ’ and that ‘ public opposition should be viewed with this in mind . ’
However , the government was embarrassed by what appeared to be a mounting opposition and called upon the support of anthropologist A.P. Elkin to undermine it .
Elkin willingly agreed .
He believed that the objections were ‘ quite groundless ’ , maintaining that the rocket range should be supported as it was a British Empire decision and called on people ‘ not to waste energy in futile protests or abstract announcements ’ .
Those who formed the campaign were also called a ‘ motley crew ’ that included ‘ pacifists , daydreamers and humanitarians ’ supported by the ‘ directing hands of Communists ’ .
In August 1946 the Port Augusta Communist Party branch was the first unit of the party to issue a public statement opposing the rocket range .
Later that year at a conference of the northern branches of the Communist Party in South Australia , comprising branches from Iron Knob , Kimba , Port Augusta , Port Pirie , Quorn and Whyalla , strongly criticised the proposal and the infrastructure developments that were associated with it .
A significant proportion of those attending would have been industrial workers and Whyalla ’s ‘ best - known ’ Communist , Joe Brazel , was also secretary of the Port Pirie - Whyalla branch of the Federation Ironworkers Association ( FIA ) and the only full - time union official in Whyalla .
In Adelaide , the Communist Party had a strong influence in a number of unions including the FIA , the Tramways Union , Boilermakers , Builders Labourers , Gasworkers , Clerks , Shop Assistants , several building unions and the WWF .
The influence of the Communist Party was seen when the South Australian United Trades and Labour Council voted 57 to 49 on 14 March 1947 to call upon the ACTU to ban the project .
The argument for a union ban appeared strengthened when in April 1947 , The Beacon , the journal of the Unitarian Church , supported the call for a union ban on the project .
Within a few years the Unitarian Church became an important component of the Australian Peace Council , the main conduit of CPA peace activity .
The Presbyterian Board of Missions had allegedly earlier in February 1947 raised the possibility of union action over the development .
With the Chifley government determined to proceed with the project , there was clearly support from outside the traditional Communist Party networks for a wider union involvement in the campaign , including if necessary the use of industrial action .
Around the country unions started to get involved in the campaign .
In Darwin , E. J. Walker , the Communist secretary of the North Australian Workers ’ Union , used the impetus created by the campaign to support calls for a national conference to discuss the repeal of all racially discriminatory laws and to support granting Aborigines wider civil liberties including political rights .
The Association of Australian Scientific Workers was vocal in its opposition to the proposal .
Its opposition to the 1946 jailing of [ British nuclear physicist ]
Dr Alan Nunn May [ as a `spy ’ ] heightened fears of a ‘ communist plot ’ to undermine Australian security .
In Sydney the campaign was dominated by active trade unionists .
Flo Davis , the Communist secretary of the Hotel Club and Restaurant Workers Union ( HCRU ) was instrumental in convincing her union executive to support the campaign .
In January 1947 the Maritime Worker reported that protests against the rocket range had been sent to Prime Minister Chifley from the Boilermakers , Building Workers Industrial Union ( BWIU ) , WWF , Sheet Metal Workers , Nurses Association and the HCRU .
The Bendigo and Bogong branches of the Communist Party also sent protest letters .
In February 1947 , in a report to the Central Committee , Tom Wright called on the Communist Party to continue with its agitation against the development even though the government had already made its decision .
In May 1947 Wright called for the testing site to be shifted because of its potential impact on the Aborigines living in the area .
In Melbourne the Rocket Range Protest Committee was established with representatives of more than forty organisations to coordinate the campaign against the rocket range .
Despite calls to exclude Communist Party members the committee refused arguing that it was wrong in principle to exclude anyone who supported the committee ’s aims .
Victorian - based Communist union officials started to emerge as the key opponents of the rocket range .
H.V. Evatt , who as attorney - general was to introduce legislation to break a threatened union ban , believed that Melbourne ’s Communists were particularly active on the issue .
The strong position adopted by the Victorian branch of the CPA was almost certainly related to its emerging differences with the national leadership .
The Victorian branch was calling for a more explicit challenge to the policies of the Chifley government , a position the national leadership was resisting .
The proposed ban on Woomera provided an avenue by which the Victorian leadership of the party could place additional pressure on the national leadership for a more confrontational policy towards the Chifley government .
When initial construction work started at the site there was almost constant disruption to work which was linked to the Communist leadership of the building unions and their opposition to the project .
In March 1947 the triennial meeting of the federal council of the Operative Painters and Decorators Union called on its branches to enforce a ban on Woomera .
By this time Communist Party members were either an absolute majority of delegates , or close to it .
By early May 1947 the Victorian Building Trades Federation ( VBTF ) was calling for a total union ban on Woomera .
The call for the ban was endorsed by the South Australian building unions .
Don Thomson , the VBTF ’s secretary justified the imposition of bans using the arguments that Alf Watt had used in his pamphlet ; that is the threat to world peace by the further development of rocket technology and the violation of the Aboriginal reserve .
The attempt to impose a ban on Woomera was quickly defeated .
It was immediately condemned by right - wing unions who claimed the ban was imposed at the behest of the Soviet Union .
Former NSW premier Jack Lang made similar claims .
With the active support of the anti-communist Industrial Croups organised by the far - right wing Catholic B.A. Santamaria , the ACTU rejected the call for a boycott effectively ending any chance of an effective ban on the project .
The ALP federal executive unanimously carried a motion congratulating the Chifley government on its ‘ firm stand … against the proposed ban on the rocket range ’ .
Evatt ’s firm opposition to the proposed bans helped to remove the suspicions held by ALP right - wing groups about his political outlook , after he had made ‘ a large number of leftist appointments to the External Affairs Department ’ .
In the ALP federal parliamentary caucus , Evatt claimed that while there was ‘ no evidence that the Soviet Government has issued any instructions to the Communist Party ’ the CPA was acting ‘ in the interests of the Soviet in Canada , America and Australia ’ .
After Evatt had successfully steered through parliament legislation to deal with the threatened ban , caucus defeated an attempt by Senator Bill Morrow to limit its application to Woomera .
In the face of this widespread criticism the Communist Party made a rapid retreat and abandoned all attempts to impose union bans on Woomera .
The CPA ’s central committee issued a statement saying and the party was not opposed to the defence of Australia , The Victorian state conference of the CPA had now rejected the call for a union ban .
Tom Wright had earlier said that ‘ left - wing union leaders must support proper measures for the defence of Australia , including knowledge and possession of rocket weapons ’ .
An editorial in the Victorian Railways Union Gazette adopted a different position .
It explained that ‘ Workers who have studied the progress of fascism are always sceptical of plans to develop and extend armaments ’ .
The editorial repeated the denials of any direct Communist Party involvement in the proposed bans and explained that the protests had ‘ actually originated in South Australia over twelve months ago ’ .
In August 1947 Wright again stressed that the Communist Party had never supported the suggested ban on Woomera .
At the CPA congress the following year , newly elected general secretary , L.L. Sharkey , conceded that the proposed ban had created ‘ difficulties ’ for the CPA and stressed the need for ‘ collective discussion , thorough reporting and careful working out of campaigns ’ , in future to avoid similar mistakes .
Ralph Gibson , a key Victorian CPA leader , later stated that he believed the Victorian leadership of this period had made a number of ‘ leftist ’ errors .
The evolution of the CPA ’s policy on Woomera clearly indicates that the power to make decisions ultimately resided with the CPA leadership , not the state branches .
In 1947 , the party hierarchy was not prepared to make the final break with the Chifley government , and as a result used its authority to ensure that the proposed bans were withdrawn .
Despite the withdrawal of the proposed ban , Evatt successfully steered the Approved Defence Projects Protection
Act through parliament .
The Act provided for fines up to £ 500 or imprisonment for twelve months for any person who by ‘ speech or writing advocates or encourages the prevention , hindrance , or obstruction of the carrying out of an approved defence project ’ .
The Act had the full support of the opposition parties .
However , Menzies contrasted the Chifley government ’s tacit acceptance of the maritime unions ’ bans on Dutch shipping , with its determination to act against similar bans on Woomera .
The Approved Defence Projects Protection
Act clearly indicated that the Chifley government would not tolerate any direct challenge by Communist - led unions to its policies and would , if necessary , introduce new legislation to defeat such challenges .
The Communist Party responded by explaining that Evatt had ‘ taken his place among the world ’s reactionaries ’ and that the Australian labour movement should contain ‘ no place for Dr H. V. Evatt . ’
Don Thomson demanded the repeal of the Act and stated it was ‘ anti- working class and in the tradition of the Crimes Act ’ .
Other groups and individuals also expressed their concerns that the Approved Defence Projects Protection
Act undermined many civil liberties .
Eleanor Moore , a life - long pacifist , who had often been critical of the CPA , was infuriated by this attempt to silence critics of the Chifley government .
The Unitarian Church denounced the Act as a ‘ Black Bill ’ and said that democracy had received a ‘ slap in the face ’ .
The Australian Council of Civil Liberties expressed its view that the Act threatened both free speech and the right of trade unionists to withdraw their labour .
The 1947 ACTU congress called for the ‘ immediate repeal ’ of the Approved Defence Projects Protection Act .
However , while ACTU officials did have at least one meeting with Dr Evatt to discuss their concerns about the Act , they refused to organise a broad - based union campaign that could have led to its repeal or substantial amendment .
Both the Geelong and the Bendigo trades hall councils called for the repeal of the Approved Defence Projects Protection Act .
Despite these relatively widespread calls for either the repeal of the Act or its amendment , the Act remained unchanged and ready to be used , if necessary , to defeat the next challenge by Communist - led unions
The Korean War and the Communist Party
In April 1950 the Australian Peace Council ( APC ) held its first national congress in Melbourne .
The Communist Party ’s influence in the Australian Peace Council was significant , shaping both its overall political outlook as well as providing many of the organisation ’s activists .
Despite the increasingly adverse political climate 10,000 people attended its opening session .
The congress provided a new opportunity for the CPA to propagandise its policies on peace to a wider audience .
Its influence on the trade union commission of the congress was obvious .
The resolution of the trade union commission resolved to ‘ take every action within our power , including industrial action , where necessary against war and intervention ’ .
The resolution also called for ‘ no intervention in Malaya or any other country in South - East Asia ’ .
At the session , WWF leader Jim Healy called on Australian trade unions ‘ to take a lead in preventing any mad adventure in Malaya as they had done over pig-iron for Japan and arms for the Dutch ’ .
In his speech to the APC on behalf of the Communist Party delegation , J. Blake , stated that ‘ We are determined that our people will never go to war against the Socialist Soviet Union - or against any other country ’ .
The role of the Communist Party at the congress gave a clear indication that the Communist Party was fully committed to using its leadership of key industrial unions to oppose any war in which Australia might be involved .
Within a few weeks of the congress , the outbreak of the Korean War gave the CPA a fresh opportunity to implement this policy .
When the Australian government announced in July 1950 that Australian troops would be joining the United Nations forces in Korea it had the support of 71 per cent of those surveyed , while only 20 per cent opposed the commitment .
This substantial support for Australian involvement in the war did not deter the Communist Party from its strident opposition to the war .
Two months earlier the Communist Party Dissolution Bill had been introduced into federal parliament on 27 April 1950 .
Its purpose was not only to declare the Communist Party an illegal organisation ; the Bill also sought to bar known Communists from holding union positions in major industrial unions .
In September 1950 , Menzies claimed that the emerging Australian peace movement was ‘ just as authentic and deadly as the communists ’ campaign in Korea ’ .
The active participation of not only the Communist Party , but Communist - led unions in the campaign against Australia ’s involvement in the war deepened the growing anti-communist atmosphere .
For example , during the 1951 referendum Menzies claimed that Communist union officials made frequent trips to the Soviet Union to present reports and receive orders .
The proposed union bans on the transport of war materials seemed to confirm the government ’s claims that the CPA was a ‘ fifth column ’ acting to protect the interests of the Soviet Union .
The proposed bans also strengthened the determination of the government to proceed with its anti-communist legislation . .
In April 1950 , a Tribune editorial denounced a suggestion by Lord Mancroft , a British Conservative peer , that Australian troops be sent to Malaya to assist the British attempt to suppress a colonial revolt .
With the Menzies government seriously considering the proposal , Tribune demanded that ‘ Not A Man Or A Gun For Monopoly ’s War Against Malaya ’ .
The endorsement of this policy by the Australian Peace Council congress would have encouraged the Communist Party to proceed to implement the policy .
L.L. Sharkey had earlier stressed that ‘ every progressive must support Malaya and the other Asiatic wars of liberation against the imperialists of whatever nationality ’ .
Tribune linked the attempt to suppress the Communist Party and curb trade union militancy with this opposition to any Australian involvement in suppressing the Malayan insurgency .
When the Korean War commenced the Communist Party responded in the same way as it had to the outbreak of the Malayan emergency .
The Communist Party ’s response to the outbreak of the Korean War was swift and consistent .
It had none of the doubts or the rapid shifts in political analysis that was a feature of the party ’s initial response to the outbreak of World War II .
At the conclusion of the war the North Korean regime had been established with strong support from the Soviet Union .
It had immediately commenced the destruction of feudalism and the construction of a political and economic system modelled on the Soviet Union .
The defence of North Korea was therefore of paramount importance to the Communist Party .
For the first time since the Bolshevik Revolution Australian forces were directly involved in a war that threatened to destroy the existence of a state in which workers ostensibly held political power .
The responsibility of the international communist movement was to respond as they had thirty years earlier to the Bolshevik Revolution , and do all that was in their power to block the intervention .
A few days after the outbreak of the war Tribune claimed : ‘ Peace - lovers throughout the world are rejoicing at the resounding defeats being inflicted by the Korean people on American imperialism ’s war plans ’ .
When the North Korean ministry of the interior issued a communiqué claiming that the war was a result of an invasion of North Korea by South Korea , Tribune gave it prominent coverage .
A statement issued by the CPA central committee condemned US intervention in Korea as a ‘ flagrant act of aggression , a breach of international peace and a gross violation of the United Nations Charter ’ .
The party demanded that ‘ Not a Man , Not a Ship , Not a Plane , Not a Gun ’ be sent to Korea ’ -- the same demands it had made for Malaya .
In 1920 , the British labour movement had raised a similar demand when the Conservative government threatened war against the Soviet Union during the Soviet - Polish crisis .
After the Menzies government committed air and naval forces to the conflict Tribune accused the Australian forces of ‘ already killing Koreans in a filthy war of imperialist intervention ’ .
The ALP gave the Menzies government complete support over its Korean policy and its commitment of Australian forces .
This was despite Chifley conceding that US policy in Asia often meant support for ‘ corrupt and reactionary governments ’ which meant that Communists were handed a ‘ propaganda feast on a platter ’ .
Despite the overwhelming anti-communist atmosphere there were other critics of the war .
By the end of 1950 , some officials in ‘ high circles ’ , believed that that the commitment ‘ should never have taken place ’ and that Australia should have been ‘ more sensitive to Oriental and world opinion ’ .
Despite this criticism , the Communist Party was almost totally isolated in the Australian political culture .
In May 1950 , 80 per cent of those surveyed supported the suppression of the Communism Party .
The ALP support for the war meant that the Communist Party faced enormous difficulties when it tried to develop union opposition to the war .
The Communist Party stridently criticised the ALP position , claiming that ‘ Rightwing labor [ sic ] leaders have once again shown that they stand on the side of monopoly capitalism , of imperialism , against the interests of the working class ’ by supporting the Menzies government ’s policy .
Chifley also faced criticism from B.A. Santamaria ’s News - Weekly because his support for the war was based not on opposition to Communism , but because it was based on the fact that the war was a result of the invasion of South Korea by North Korea .
In Australia , as a direct result of what appeared to be the relentless surge of communism in Asia , the anti-communist movement gained new strength .
B.A. Santamaria and the Movement [ the right - wing Catholic forces in the labour movement he led ] reversed their previous opposition to the Menzies legislation , on the basis that in the event of the Korean War escalating to a new world war against the Soviet Union , the Communist Party would use its leadership of key industrial unions for subversive activities .
The trade unions became an intense battleground where the issue of the Korean War and the attitude that workers should take towards it was fought out between communists and anti-communists .
The immediate impact of this development was that in August 1950 the right - wing controlled Melbourne Trades Hall Council voted to call upon the ACTU to reconsider its opposition to the Bill .
In contrast , J. Ferguson , president of the NSW ALP and a former Communist Party member , rejected this saying it was ‘ wrong to use the Korean War as a smokescreen to push through the Communist Party Dissolution Bill ’ .
The Australian Federated Union of Locomotive Enginemen was also an opponent of the attempt to suppress the Communist Party despite its support for the war .
However , the Communist Party ’s strong opposition to the Korean War , including , as we shall see , attempts to impose union bans on the supply of war materials to Korea , often undermined its campaign to defend its legal existence .
Despite this the party continued with its union - based campaign against the war .
In Melbourne , the party functionaries responsible for trade union work , Flo Russell and Frank Johnson , organised a meeting of Communist union officials to discuss the Korean situation shortly after the war started .
After an extensive discussion the union officials were directed to hold workplace meetings and denounce US and Australian involvement in the war .
When Geoff McDonald attempted to carry out the party directive at the normally militant maintenance carpenters ’ shop at Myers he received a hostile reception .
As a result McDonald went to the next party trade union meeting and argued that the party should moderate its position and concentrate its activities on proposals to end the war and not on routine denouncements of imperialism .
Despite his claims of similar negative experiences by other union officials he received no support .
Russell and Johnson argued that party union officials had to ‘ battle out politics with the workers ’ despite the adverse consequences this might have .
In an organisation that was increasingly hierarchal and determined to present a united face to Australian society , Communist union officials were expected to accept Communist Party directions no matter what the consequences .
In April 1951 , the central committee initiated a verification of members campaign the aim of which was to ensure that the CPA was ‘ leading force in the fight for peace ’ .
Individuals who failed to meet the requirements that were implied in this campaign faced the perspective of being dropped from membership .
The Communist Party advocated that the peace movement should also adopt a policy of opposition to Australian involvement in the war , rather than simply calling for peace .
In NSW , the Australian Peace Council called for an immediate halt to the ‘ United States intervention in the Korean Civil War ’ and said that its actions ‘ gravely increased the danger of a world war ’ .
Amirah Inglis recounts the long discussions that occurred at her home and at Party headquarters when the Korean War broke out .
Ian Turner , as secretary of the Australian Student Labour Federation , was willing to argue the CPA position that the war was a result of US aggression .
However , as secretary of the Australian Peace Council , Turner felt it was important that the peace movement seek an end to the conflict without taking sides .
The CPA leadership demanded that he put the party position .
At a Melbourne Town Hall meeting called to discuss the Korean War , Turner ‘ did what he had to do ’ , abided by party discipline , and put the party line .
The national executive of the Australian Peace Council later issued a statement calling on Australians ‘ to oppose with all their strength and courage , before it is to late , the present illegal , aggressive policies of their government ’ .
Thus , in each of its spheres of activity -- the student movement , the peace movement and in the trade unions -- the Communist Party argued consistently that the US ( and Australia ) were the aggressors in Korea .
The party understood and was prepared to accept that there would be some consequences for adopting this unpopular position .
In the Australian Peace Council the majority of the executive was unhappy with the decision but remained with the organisation , but there some individual resignations .
In Victoria , the BWIU lost some members to the rival right - wing led Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners as a direct result of the branch leadership ’s opposition to the Korean War .
The branch leadership also decided to abandon mailing the union ’s journal , the Building Worker , directly to union members due to the hostile reactions provoked by its anti-war policies .
These reverses did not appear to have a significant impact , at least initially , on the Communist Party ’s determination to pursue its antiwar campaign in the trade unions .
Communist - led union opposition to the Korean War
Around Australia many Communist Party members accepted the obligations of party membership and raised the Korean War issue in their unions and their workplaces .
This activity usually centred on routine propaganda work which sought to convince other workers of the Communist Party position on the war .
On the Hobart waterfront , Tas Bull joined the Communist Party as a result of his involvement in the No campaign during the referendum to ban the Communist Party and was further politicised by the intense and bitter debates generated by the war .
Bull was also impressed with the many Communist seafarers , both union officials and rank - and - file activists he had previously encountered when he had gone to sea .
Many of these Communist Seamen ’s Union activists were to play a key role in their union ’s attempt to impose a black ban on the transport of war materials to Korea .
Other Communist - led unions also opposed the war .
However , unlike the Miners ’ Federation , the Seamen ’s Union and the WWF , these unions had no direct connection with the production or transport of war materials .
Therefore , the unions concerned were not in a position to utilise their industrial strength , even if they wished to , to support their antiwar policies .
Their activity was confined to denunciations of the war and Australia ’s role in it .
This activity seldom had a significant impact but there were undercurrents of resistance to attempts to militarise Australian society .
When the management at the Angliss abattoirs organised a meeting to encourage recruitment only two workers responded and joined the army .
This was a reflection of the left ’s strength in the workplace which continued to exist throughout the war .
At the 1951 ACTU congress , an amendment moved by Miners ’ Federation delegates ensured that the union movement maintained its traditional opposition to conscription .
However , this traditional working - class resistance to conscription seldom moved towards active opposition to the Korean War .
On this issue the Communist Party continued to be isolated from the majority of trade unionists .
Over the last four months of 1950 the radical Australian journalist Wilfred Burchett toured most states addressing meetings on world politics and in opposition to the Menzies government ’s plans to suppress the Communist Party .
The meetings he found difficult initially were factory - gate meetings where there were often debates with workers on these issues .
Burchett ’s recollections capture some of the intensity of these debates that erupted in the working - class movement of this era as opponents and supporters of the Korean War sought support for their policies .
Where possible Communist - influenced peak union bodies passed motions opposing the Korean War .
In July 1950 , the South Coast Labor Council unanimously carried a resolution claiming that the Korean War was a result of ‘ American inspired provocation and attack on Northern Korea ’ and called for the immediate withdrawal of Australian and US forces .
Similarly , the Ballarat Trades and Labor Council rejected the call to offer ‘ whole - hearted support to democratic - free countries opposing aggression ’ in Korea and instead opted to call for a ceasefire and negotiated settlement .
In contrast , Charles Anderson , president of the right - wing - led NSW Labor Council , condemned any suggestion of plans by waterfront unions to block war supplies to Korea .
Communist - led unions also adopted anti-Korean War policies and campaigned strongly against the war .
For example , the Victorian ARU ’s paper , the Railways Union Gazette , demanded that Australia stay out of the Korean conflict and criticised the Labor Party for supporting ‘ America ’s aggressive war in Korea ’ .
In July the state branch council of the union voted 37 to 10 to brand as ‘ aggression America ’s interference in the internal affairs of Korea ’ and demanded ‘ in the name of democracy , that the Australian Government withdraw all its armed forces from Korea ’ .
The Victorian Branch of the Liquor Trades Union deplored ‘ the civil war in Korea and the intervention of U.S. and other forces ’ and went on to call for a referendum on the reintroduction of compulsory military training .
In New South Wales , Flo Davies , the Communist secretary of the HCRU , led her union ’s opposition to the war and had earlier had been a delegate to the meeting that had established the NSW Peace Council .
The Sydney district committee of the Amalgamated Engineers ’ Union also opposed the war and called for the withdrawal of Australian forces .
In Darwin there was an intense debate in the North Australian Workers ’ Union after the Northern Standard , the union ’s newspaper , printed an article critical of the UN intervention in Korea .
Despite the vocal opposition from some delegates the union ’s annual conference in September 1950 supported the union executive ’s opposition to the UN actions in Korea .
Other Communist - led unions adopted a similar position of opposition to the war .
On 4 July 1950 , the Mackay branch of the WWF claimed that the United States government was ‘ guilty of the crime of incitement for a third world war ’ and that the Australian government by supporting such aggression had ‘ become an accomplice in this crime against humanity ’ .
The WWF ’s newspaper repeated the Communist Party ’s claim that the war was a result of an attack on North Korea by the US - backed South Korean government .
In June 1950 , the federal executive of the Seamen ’s Union condemned the USA in for its blatant interference in domestic affairs of the Korean people .
The similarity of the positions adopted by the three unions , all of which were in conformity with the Communist Party ’s outlook , is a clear indication that these policies were being shaped by Communist Party activists .
Despite the significant defeat in the 1949 coalminers ' strike , Communist activists in the Miners ’ Federation continued to raise political issues in the union .
The union was an active participant in the peace movement with many of its lodges establishing peace committees and sending representatives to the first Australian Peace Council congress .
This established a pattern where throughout the 1950s the union was often well represented at the various peace movement conferences .
In the aftermath of the coal strike and amid the bitter divisions produced by the Cold War , the Communist Party often had only a small majority on the union ’s central council in support of its political positions , such as its opposition to Australian involvement in Malaya and the Korean War .
At the district and local bodies of the union it was sometimes easier for the party to gain support .
For example , in Victoria the Wonthaggi miners also opposed the Korean War and the branch was affiliated with the Australian Peace Council with regular meetings being held on peace movement issues at the Union Theatre .
During World War II the Collinsville State Mine was Queensland ’s biggest colliery with more 500 miners .
From the mid 1930s onwards the Communist Party had a strong presence in Collinsville and there were four CPA branches to only one ALP branch .
When Fred Paterson was elected to the Queensland parliament there were eighty - five party members in the town .
In a town where there was only one industry this Communist Party influence was reflected in the decisions of the local Miners ’ Federation branch .
As John Currie , the branch chair throughout the 1950s , explained , the branch responded ‘ to everything that happened on the left of the Australian scene ’ .
In common with other Communist - led unions the branch opposed Australian involvement in both Malaya and Korea .
Since attendance at branch meetings was compulsory the protest almost certainly reflects the general sentiment that existed amongst the majority of Collinsville miners .
In September and October 1953 a dispute broke out at the mine over plans to introduce increased mechanisation so that a contract to supply coal to the US army in South Korea could be fulfilled .
In May when the contract was first announced Jim Nisbet , the branch secretary and a member of the Communist Party , had written to the Mines Minister Riordon informing him that the monthly union branch meeting had opposed coal from the mine being supplied to the US forces .
The Communist Party was therefore seen as the main instigator of the dispute that followed .
There were claims in federal parliament that the dispute was a product of the Communist Party ’s opposition to the US involvement in Korea rather than any genuine industrial issue .
Since there were other non-communist - led unions apart from the Communist - led Miners ’ Federation involved in the dispute this claim can be seen as yet another product of Cold War hysteria .
The dispute was finally settled after the state government conceded the unions ’ claims for increased payments to compensate for changed work procedures .
After the Collinsville mine disaster the Shechy Royal Commission reported in 1954 that , Communist Party influence was probably the major cause of the strong antagonism to the Korean contract but ‘ maybe not a controlling part in the severity of job control and militancy in pursuing objectives ’ .
These findings confirm that Communist Party union activists had convinced many Collinsville miners of the CPA ’s position on the Korean conflict .
At the same time there were strong local traditions of industrial militancy that existed independently of the Communist Party .
It is therefore reasonable to conclude that in Collinsville , Communist union officials reflected the general industrial and political outlook of the union members they represented , a situation that may not have existed in other Communist - led unions .
The triple alliance
In June 1950 the leaders of the Miners ’ Federation , the Seamen ’s Union and the WWF met to discuss the threat that the proposed Communist Party Dissolution Bill posed to many of the officials of their respective organisations .
They resolved to seek support from their memberships to establish an alliance between the three unions that would ‘ render mutual assistance of a moral , financial and industrial character , in event of any of the organisations named being involved in struggle against fascist legislation … ’
The unions also believed that united action by the union movement would not only defeat the Bill but also would bring down the Menzies government .
The basic thrust of the proposed alliance at this stage was limited to the defence of trade union rights , but with the implied threat of united action if there were an attempt by the Menzies government to reduce living standards .
The three unions had the potential industrial strength to shut down the Australian economy , a feature that was well understood by the unions and their opponents .
The unions also had long - established traditions of political and industrial militancy that predated the Communist Party .
More importantly , their membership generally continued to support their Communist officials not only as ‘ trade union workers but as political radicals ’ .
The exclusion of other Communist - led unions from the proposed alliance , some with similar traditions , indicates a degree of caution on behalf of the Communist Party , or a reluctance of some Communist union officials to be involved , a feature that was often not evident in other areas of political activity .
For example , BWIU officials almost lost their positions after they attempted to disaffiliate the union from the ALP as a protest against the Chifley government ’s actions during the coal strike .
Similarly , in April 1949 at mass meetings the FIA membership overwhelmingly rejected an executive motion for strike action after Jack McPhillips , the union ’s national assistant secretary , had been jailed for one month for contempt of the Arbitration Court .
These examples clearly illuminate the limits of the Communist Party ’s political influence in the unions they led and help explain the hesitations of other Communist union officials to join the alliance .
The outbreak of the Korean War rapidly changed the nature of the proposed alliance .
The Communist Party now called for the alliance to shift from being an essentially defensive strategy to defend Communist union officials , into a weapon in which the unions concerned would use their industrial strength to prevent any Australian involvement in the Korean War .
In March the International Union of Seamen and Dock Workers , a department of the World Federation of Trade Unions , had called for worldwide bans on the handling of war materials .
A few months earlier the Australian Peace Council congress had endorsed the use of industrial action to prevent any Australian involvement in future wars .
However , within a very short period the Communist Party was forced to retreat and abandon all its plans to use industrial action to oppose the war .
The Miners ’ Federation
In May 1950 , after hearing a report by councillor W. Parkinson on the Australian Peace Council congress , the Miners ’ Federation central council endorsed its decisions , making specific reference to the resolution of the APC trade union commission .
The same council meeting also threatened industrial action ‘ in the event of any attempt to dispatch arms and troops to Malaya ’ .
As Common Cause explained , the stand was consistent with long - standing traditions of opposition to colonial oppression and was taken against a background of ‘ current aggression by Imperialism ’ in the Pacific .
Two years earlier the Miners ’ Federation had stated : ‘ We were with the Bolsheviks in 1917 .
We have been by the side of the Soviet Union ever since . ’
Thus , given this background for radical socialist politics , when the Korean War commenced the Communist Party would have been confident that the Miners ’ Federation members would support both the proposed alliance and industrial action against the war .
Common Cause gave extensive coverage to the Korean War with an analysis that was consistent with Communist Party policy .
Its coverage increasingly stressed the need to strengthen the peace movement and the key role that industrial workers could play in ending the war .
On 8 July Common Cause asked the question , ‘ But what of action on the industrial front ? ’ as a way in which workers could express their opposition to the war .
Two weeks later Common Cause called on mineworkers to support their opposition to the war with action .
The example of the Seamen ’s Union and the WWF refusal to handle war materials was one that Miners ’ Federation members should consider when ‘ digging coal for war purposes ’ .
In the struggle against imperialist war , the protection of democratic rights , the maintenance of living standards , all of which were clearly connected , Common Cause pledged that ‘ the mineworkers of Australia will play their part ! ’
A statement issued by vice - president Parkinson , drew attention to the Miners ' Federation ’s position of support for industrial action on Malaya , and went on to add that since the issues in Korea were similar ‘ we must take a similar stand on this question ’ .
His comments were later endorsed by Idris Williams , the general president , who stated that while the Miners ' Federation had not yet discussed Korea , the comments were ‘ in accordance with Federation policy .
Shortly after war commenced Edgar Ross argued that there was now ‘ another basis for the triple alliance , another justification for it , another factor emphasising its urgency ! ’
There was clearly an intention , at least on the part of the Communist Party activists , that the alliance would provide the leadership in the trade union struggle against the war .
In support of the alliance Parkinson issued another statement linking its formation with the peace movement , and added it would ‘ constitute a grave warning to all who would attack the Labor [ sic ] Movement ’ .
The union ’s central executive now called on all sections of the union to discuss the proposed triple alliance and make a specific declaration in support .
Their statement noted that recent developments including the Korean War had aggravated ‘ the threat to democratic liberties , trade union rights and living standards ’ .
Almost immediately rank and file members of the Miners ' Federation opposed the proposed triple alliance .
Common Cause explained that there was ‘ considerable confusion ’ about the alliance with members feeling they ‘ were being asked to agree with some sort of automatic action in support of any move to hold up supplies to Korea ’ .
Common Cause emphasised that the triple alliance was originally proposed as a mutual assistance pact in the event of any one of them being attacked either by the Menzies government or by the employers .
Yet with Communist activists in the Miners ' Federation arguing consistently in support of the Seamen ’s Union and the WWF , it is clear that the majority of Miners ' Federation members felt they would inevitably be drawn into a major clash with the government on the issue .
Against a background of virulent anti-communism many of the planned national aggregate meetings called to discuss the issue were abandoned .
The issue was finally resolved in August when , after an extensive debate , the central council voted to authorise ‘ the Executive to consider discussions with other unions ’ but ‘ no formal alliance to be entered into without the submission of the matter to the membership at aggregate meetings ’ .
During the debate Williams , the general president , conceded that while only a minority of the Federation ’s lodges had voted on the issue , the majority of those had opposed the alliance .
The opposition to the alliance was led by G.W.S. Grant , the general secretary and a member of the ALP .
Grant explained that he had reversed his previous support for the alliance after he had seen the press statements by Parkinson linking the establishment of the alliance with opposition to the Korean War .
Grant also said that while he ‘ did n’t agree with the present situation in Korea ’ , he was ‘ with the Government -- any Government that puts forward a policy to protect Australia ’ .
He also reminded executive members that ‘ certain people ’ -- a clear reference to the Communist Party -- had opposed the last war until Russia was attacked .
Grant had a long history of support for militant trade unionism dating back to the 1929 Rothbury demonstration and he had an innate class consciousness .
During the 1949 coal strike he had been sentenced to twelve months imprisonment for ‘ contempt of court ’ charges for reusing to reveal information to the court about the location of union funds .
His opposition to any suggestion of union industrial action to oppose the Korean War clearly show that it was possible to be industrially militant and politically cautious .
There were pockets of support for the alliance from areas where there was a significant Communist activity such as Collinsville in Queensland , Lithgow in NSW and Wonthaggi in Victoria .
The Southern District ( NSW ) had also voted overwhelmingly in support of the alliance .
However , this vote was taken before the start of the Korean War , and the vote may well have been reversed if it had been taken later .
However , it was clear that the Communist Party had failed to convince Miners ' Federation members about the necessity for industrial action to oppose the war .
The Seamen ’s Union
In June 1950 , the federal executive of the Seamen ’s Union passed a resolution which declared that , ‘ Australian Merchant Seamen are pledged to refuse to handle or transport war supplies and will mobilise opposition to Menzies ’ aims to make Australia an American colony ’ .
It was the most explicit challenge to the government ’s Korean policies .
Even before the outbreak of the war the union had shown some interest in Korean politics .
For example , the Seamen ’s Journal in June 1950 contained a World Federation of Trade Unions ( WFTU ) report on Korea ( dated 10 May ) which criticised the US role in Asia and supported the right of the Korean people to determine their future without outside interference .
There was an almost immediate hostile reaction to the resolution once it became public knowledge about a week later .
The fact that E.V. Elliott , the Federal Secretary , had just returned from a Budapest WFTU executive meeting , where trade union action on peace - related issues was discussed , heightened the prevailing anti-communist hysteria .
News - Weekly claimed that the union was ‘ pledged to fifth column activity ’ and that the ‘ long awaited clash between the Government and the Communist Party looms closer ’ because of the union ’s action .
News - Weekly also claimed that Communist union leaders had received instructions the previous December to block the supply of war materials to Asia .
The Returned Servicemen ’s League also condemned the union ’s actions calling on the government to take firm action , if necessary , against the union and called on its own Seamen ’s Union members to assist in the removal of their Communist union officials .
It may have been possible for the Seamen ’s Union leadership to ignore opposition from outside the labour movement and continue with the proposed ban .
However , the union was almost totally isolated in the trade union movement on the issue and this made it impossible for the leadership to maintain its support for union action to oppose the war .
The rejection of the triple alliance by the Miners ’ Federation membership meant that in any prolonged dispute with the government the Seamen ’s Union would receive little support from one of Australia ’s strongest and militant unions .
More importantly , in September 1950 , the ACTU interstate executive supported the government ’s Korean policies and branded North Korea as the aggressor .
In response to the ACTU leadership , Elliott alleged that ‘ Seamen have seen their mates die agonising deaths and will actively oppose today ’s Australian youth suffering the same fate ’ .
Tribune accused the ACTU leaders of rushing in to ‘ play copper ’ and added that they had exposed themselves as ‘ traitors to the Labor movement and Australia ’s great traditions of opposition to unjust war . ’
The union came under a sustained attack from a diverse range of sources .
At the July NSW ALP conference Chifley attacked the ban and called on the government to use the Crimes Act to defeat it .
A short while later the Commonwealth Police raided the union office as a possible prelude to the laying of charges under the Crimes Act .
Elliott then instructed all officials not to make statements to the police or the security service .
The union leadership then faced claims that they were traitors to Australia .
In rejecting the claim Elliott said that Australians should ‘ look at the kind of war the Menzies government aided by the Rightwing inside the Labor movement want to drag us into ’ .
Elliott also pointed out that all seven members of the union ’s federal management committee , which had unanimously endorsed the ban , were veterans of the world wars .
Tribune welcomed the Seamen ’s Union decision describing it as an example of ‘ selfless loyalty and devotion to Australia ’ .
The unrelenting attacks on the Seamen ’s Union started to cause divisions in the union .
Reginald Franklin , the federal president , and the only non-communist member of the federal executive denied he had been consulted about the issue ; a claim rejected by the Seamen ’s Union official historian .
In response to mainstream media reports about divisions in the union , Tribune claimed that the majority of union members supported the decision .
Whatever possible distortions there may have been in the mainstream media coverage it is clear that there was significant opposition to the attempt to impose bans .
For example , in Sydney the crew of the Macedon condemned the executive resolution and demanded an immediate special stopwork meeting to discuss the issue .
It became increasingly clear to the union leadership that it could no longer maintain its call for transport bans on war materials to Korea .
Mass meetings of the union ’s members were then held around Australia .
They voted 929 to 814 to support an executive recommendation that condemned Australian involvement in the Korean War , but made no mention of imposing bans on the supply of war materials .
The rejection of bans by the Seamen ’s Union rank and file ended the union ’s involvement in the proposed triple alliance .
Elliott was to claim later that ‘ many seamen succumbed to this capitalist propaganda ’ and that ‘ the action of the Federal Executive and its decision were correct ’ .
Yet , despite the virulent anti-communist campaign , a narrow majority of the Seamen ’s Union members had voted to oppose the war .
The issue for many of them was not so much opposition to the Korean War , but the attempt by their union leadership to extend this opposition into the industrial arena .
The Waterside Workers ’ Federation
Of the three unions that were to establish the triple alliance , the WWF was the least active on the Korean War issue .
Ted Roach , the assistant secretary of the WWF , maintained that the WWF had previously always given ‘ full support ’ to colonial people struggling for independence .
In Sydney , a WWF branch official , Ron Maxwell , held what he called ‘ an extra good meeting ’ outside the Circular Quay wharf where the war was condemned .
Maritime Worker did cover the Korean
War issue but failed to call specifically for trade union bans on the transport of war materials .
The inaction of the federal leadership was in sharp contrast to its actions a few years before , when it took the lead in imposing bans on Dutch shipping in support of Indonesian independence .
The outlook of the federal WWF leadership was shaped by a number of factors .
While Jim Healy was widely respected within the union , and repeatedly re-elected to his position , this support did not usually translate into support for his political outlook .
In July 1950 , in the WWF elections , the Industrial Group maintained its control of the Brisbane executive and was successful in defeating Ted Englart , the Communist Party branch secretary .
The Melbourne WWF branch was also led by anti-Healy forces .
In the event of the Federal leadership calling for a boycott , these ports , and others , would have defied the call thus making it ineffective .
In August 1950 , the Townsville WWF rejected by 299 to 230 a motion to impose bans on war materials .
Yet the same branch in June , after hearing a report from their branch delegate to the Melbourne Peace Congress , endorsed its decisions .
This again illustrates the sharp distinction that many unionists made between support for the peace movement and its extension to include industrial action .
Despite the rejection of industrial action by the majority of WWF members there were isolated examples of waterside workers refusing to handle war materials .
In July two waterside workers and a tally clerk refused to load Mustang engines on the Changie which was bound for Korea .
The next month , fourteen Sydney WWF members were suspended for three days after they refused to load war material onto the Yunnan .
They were replaced by another work gang whose delegate claimed that 90 per cent of WWF members supported the war and they would act to ensure that supplies which reach Korea .
The fact that the local WWF leadership did not try and extend the dispute , which would have often been the normal response , is an indication of their isolation on the issue .
The same month after a protest from Jim Healy , shipowners conceded that press reports of WWF work bans on loading ammunition were a total fabrication .
Thus , in common with other Communist - led unions , the WWF abandoned all attempts to organise industrial action against the war .
The aftermath
The defeat of the proposal to establish a triple alliance was a major blow for the Communist Party and its attempts to organise widespread industrial action against the Korean War .
In its key stronghold unions the membership had acted decisively to reject being drawn into a campaign that would directly challenge the government ’s Korean War policies .
It meant that there would be no generalised industrial action to oppose the war .
However , it did not end all industrial action on peace - related issues .
In April 1954 Sydney WWF members refused to load bombs and arms onto the Radnor which was bound for French Indo - China .
In response the Menzies government ordered troops to load the ship .
Two years earlier , during a strike in Sydney , troops were used to load the Devonshire which was bound for Korea .
The potential use of troops by the government was therefore always a factor that the WWF had to consider in any industrial dispute .
In the aftermath of the defeat of the triple alliance proposal the Communist Party began to shift its overall trade union strategy .
The first indication of this came when Jack Blake presented a major report on the peace movement to the July central committee meeting .
Blake stated that there had been ‘ a wrong tendency to give the primary direction of Party leadership through top strongpoints in trade unions ’ instead of directing activity through the revellent party organisations .
He argued that Communist trade union leaders who tried to lead by proclamation would mean that the CPA would fall into adventurism , and ‘ unfortunately there has been too much of these methods ’ .
While Blake made no direct reference to the debates that were occurring in the three unions , it is almost certain that he was referring to them .
The aim of communist trade union activists , Blake explained , was to lead to a situation where ‘ the whole struggle is developed on the basis of conscious action below instead of relying on technical points ’ .
The full impact of this analysis was to be felt over the next few years as the CPA sought to rebuild alliances with the mainstream labour movement .
The 1959 Melbourne Peace Congress
From the mid 1950s onwards political developments in Australia and internationally started to have an impact on the Australian peace movement .
The 1955 split in the ALP , by removing many of the more conservative forces from the party , opened up the possibility of the mainstream labour movement returning to its traditional concerns about peace - related issues .
In 1956 Khrushchev ’s denunciation of the crimes of Stalin led to around two thousand resignations from the Communist Party .
However , unlike those who had left the party at the onset of the Cold War , many of these new departures maintained their support for radical politics .
These developments meant that for the first time at a peace congress , there was real discussion of minority viewpoints which in the past had been unrepresented .
In September 1959 the ACTU congress endorsed a resolution on the peace movement .
It declared , ‘ That all trade unionists should support to the upmost the ideal of peace ’ and went on to support the Australian - New Zealand Conference for Disarmament and International Co-operation due to be held in Melbourne in November .
Initially ACTU president Albert Monk was to preside at the trade union section of the conference .
The state executive of the Victorian ALP agreed to sponsor the conference .
A prominent role in the trade union section of the peace conference was played by Grouper supporter Jim Kenny , the ACTU senior vice - president and secretary of the NSW Labor Council .
This section was held in the main chamber of the Melbourne Trades Hall Council , an indication of how much the complexion of the Grouper stronghold had changed since the 1955 split .
In June the council had issued a call for all trade unionists to support the congress .
Despite this wider support there was still continuing opposition to the peace movement from within the labour movement , mainly from forces linked to the Industrial Groups .
In a pamphlet issued for the conference , Santamaria criticised Bill O’Brien and Don McSween , both members of the organising committee , as ‘ two well - known “ unity ticket ” men ’ .
When the ACTU moved to endorse the peace congress , Lloyd Ross was a vocal opponent .
When Kenny reported back to the NSW Labor Council , which endorsed the decisions of the congress , J. Riordan , federal secretary of the Clerk ’s Union , opposed the adoption of the report .
Despite the NSW ALP central executive sending an official observer to the congress , Tom Uren , a left - wing parliamentarian , was told that if he spoke he risked being charged under party rules .
The Melbourne Peace Congress was Uren ’s first direct involvement with the peace movement , and helped to establish a course that was to be followed by numerous other ALP members over the next decade .
This continuing enmity and the need to maintain its new alliances meant that the Communist Party had to pay careful attention to the tactics it proposed at the conference .
A total of 386 delegates attended the trade union section of the congress .
It was therefore one of the biggest and broadest meeting of trade union peace activists of the 1950s .
Communist - led unions such as the Seamen ’s Union sent significant numbers of officials and delegates to the congress .
For the first time in years ALP members could talk openly about their participation in a peace movement congress .
Despite this more representative nature , nine out of thirteen members of the drafting committee were leading trade union functionaries .
A number of rank and file union delegates criticised the Communist Party for its passivity and its refusal to support industrial action on peace - related issues .
For example , Lionel Anets , a Sydney - based Trotskyist , argued that without ‘ working - class action against nuclear war and capitalism ’ the peace movement would achieve little .
Similarly , George Petersen claimed that the Communist Party ’s ‘ peaceful coexistence class collaborationist line ’ had been adopted virtually unchallenged .
The determination of the Communist Party to suppress any mention of industrial action over the peace issue became apparent early in the congress .
A worker who intended moving a resolution was warned by the Communist federal secretary of his union that he would be branded as a disruptor if he did .
On the first day , in response to a question , Healy stressed that two million people talking about peace would have a major impact on public opinion .
In fact Healy carefully avoided any mention of industrial action , including those previously organised by his own union .
It represented a considerable shift away from the policies the Communist Party was arguing for a few years previously .
The first speaker the next day was R. Richardson , a boilermaker : he called for a black ban on nuclear tests .
He drew attention to the Jolly George campaign and the bans that were imposed on Dutch shipping .
Another speaker linked the struggle for peace with the fight to establish a socialist society -- a position that in theory the Communist Party adhered to .
In the evening there was a call for a 24 - hour stoppage the day after the French tested a nuclear bomb in the Sahara .
The call was widely applauded and supported by some of the following speakers .
A Catholic worker from the Sydney waterfront urged the conference to adopt the slogan ‘ Down Bomb - Down Tools ’ .
The debate over possible trade union tactics continued on the third day .
A FEDFA delegate from Sydney ’s Cockatoo Dock questioned why so many workers chose to work in the war industries and then called for the progressive closure of all war plants .
Finally , E. McCormick , a Melbourne waterside worker , cited the inspiring example of industrial action by Japanese workers , who for eighteen months had prevented the use of warheads that had been sent to Japan .
McCormick went on to call for a complete ban on the Woomera Rocket Range , something that the Communist Party had attempted unsuccessfully to achieve twelve years previously .
Despite some indications of support , those calling for militant action were clearly a minority .
A combination of ALP and CPA union activists united to defeat all calls for industrial action in support of peace .
Jim Healy justified this on the basis that ‘ there are unions and union leaders who are afraid of such a move .
We should n’t get divided on this question ’ .
Unlike the trade union resolution of first Australian Peace Council congress , that of the 1959 congress contained no reference to any form of industrial action in support of peace demands .
Conclusion
This article has examined the specific application of the Communist Party ’s trade union strategy in three areas .
In two of them , that of the Woomera Rocket Range and opposition to the Korean War , the party tried to move beyond a propaganda campaign and use its leadership of key industrial unions to support its demands .
In each instance it was forced to make a rapid retreat .
In the case of Woomera it was due to a combination of two factors .
First , the Chifley government , as it would do so two years later during the coal strike , reacted by passing legislation which imposed heavy penalties on unions taking what it considered to be political rather than industrial action .
Second , was the reluctance of the central party leadership to make the final break with the Chifley government .
It still hoped to maintain some kind of unofficial alliance with the ALP .
It used its authority in the party to compel the party Victorian trade union leaders , who were the main supporters of the proposed union ban , to fall into line with party policy .
By the time the Korean War commenced the Cold War had reached a fever pitch of intensity .
Many Australians saw the war as a possible prelude to the next world war with frightening consequences .
Correspondingly , there were deeply entrenched fears of communism and its threat to Australian society .
However much the Communist Party tried to argue that its opposition to the Korean War was consistent with Australian labour movement traditions , it was simply not believed .
Many Australians saw the party as an agent of the Soviet Union operating as a ‘ fifth column ’ in Australian society .
Thus , when the party moved to establish the triple alliance as a means of escalating its campaign against the war , it ran into immediate problems .
Rank and file members of the three unions concerned , the Miners ’ Federation , Seamen ’s Union and the WWF , rejected it outright and it died a quick death .
However , it should be noted that members of all three unions continued to be active in the peace movement throughout the 1950s , and also continued to re-elect their Communist officials .
What was at stake for the majority of members of the unions concerned was not so much the issue of the war , or the nature of their Communist officials , but the seemingly inappropriate use of industrial action to support unpopular political goals .
By 1959 the Australian political climate was slowly starting to change .
It was now possible for the Communist Party to establish alliances with political forces beyond its immediate periphery .
However , in order to maintain these new alliances the CPA had to abandon the revolutionary essence of its proclaimed Marxism .
Many of the new supporters of the peace movement were members or supporters of the ALP .
Their first loyalty was towards ensuring the election of ALP to government and this meant the complete rejection of any sign of revolutionary politics .
The Communist Party was in fact returning to the ‘ Popular Front ’ days of the mid-1930s in which the Communist Party functioned almost as a left appendage of the ALP .
In the process CPA union activists could continue to be involved in the peace movement , but under conditions where the radical rhetoric of the early 1950s had evaporated .
One piece of good news here is that because of the rapid adoption of electronic check imaging , the Federal Reserve is a year or so away from completing the consolidation of all its processing centers .
As a result , many more checks are already local .
So when you deposit them , they hit your account more quickly .
The bad news , however , is that there are still a number of exceptions that allow banks to put a hold on part or all of the deposit , often for at least five business days .
Any deposit over $ 5,000 is automatically suspect .
If your account has been overdrawn at least six days in the last six months , then the bank can delay all deposits to your account .
If your account is less than 30 days old , then your bank gets the extra time there , too ( plenty of fraud happens in new accounts ) .
Image
The large deposit exception ensnares plenty of people , according to Gail Hillebrand , senior attorney for Consumers Union .
They include those who are paid on commission or quarterly and those earning royalties , and a large number of others moving money around from , say , a brokerage account to their checking account to pay big medical or tuition bills or buy a car or house .
She suggested taking an active approach with the bank when big money is involved , deposit by deposit .
“ Ask the bank if there will be a hold and how soon you can have the money .
Do n’t assume it ’s going to be there because the teller smiled at you and accepted it , ” she said .
“ If you ’re moving money for a big payment , do it well in advance . ”
Banks can and do move faster than the regulations require .
And some have pushed their daily deadlines for depositors later by a few hours .
Credit unions , in particular , tend to clear deposits more quickly , according to a 2007 Federal Reserve study of the effect of Check 21 .
But you ca n’t count on that happening .
So if you ca n’t keep a cushion in your checking account to protect yourself from running out of money while waiting for deposits , there are a few other available tactics .
Designing Analog Chips
A comprehensive introduction to CMOS and bipolar analog IC design .
The book presumes no prior knowledge of linear design , making it comprehensible to engineers with a non-analog background .
The emphasis is on practical design , covering the entire field with hundreds of examples to explain the choices .
Concepts are presented following the history of their discovery .
Content : 1 . Devices Semiconductors , The Bipolar Transistor , The Integrated Circuit , Integrated NPN Transistors , The Case of the Lateral PNP Transistor , CMOS Transistors , The Substrate PNP Transistor , Diodes , Zener Diodes , Resistors , Capacitors , CMOS vs. Bipolar .
2 . Simulation , DC Analysis , AC Analysis , Transient Analysis , Variations , Models , Diode Model , Bipolar Transistor Model , Model for the Lateral PNP Transistor , MOS Transistor Models , Resistor Models , Models for Capacitors .
3 . Current Mirrors .
4 . Differential Pairs .
5 . Current Sources .
6 . Time Out : Analog Measures , dB , RMS , Noise , Fourier Analysis , Distortion , Frequency Compensation .
7 . Bandgap References .
8 . Op Amps .
9 . Comparators 10 .
Transimpedance Amplifiers 11 . Timers and Oscillators .
12 . Phase - Locked Loops .
13 . Filters .
14 . Power , Linear Regulators , Low Drop - Out Regulators , Switching Regulators , Linear Power Amplifiers , Switching Power Amplifiers .
15 . A to D and D to A , The Delta - Sigma Converter .
16 . Odds and Ends , Gilbert Cell , Multipliers , Peak Detectors , Rectifiers and Averaging Circuits , Thermometers , Zero-Crossing Detectors .
17 . Layout .
This book can be downloaded in Adobe Acrobat format , free of charge ( 242 pages , 2.6MB ) .
If you decide to print it , a color printer is recommended .
All chapters have an even number of pages to make double - sided printing easy .
Download Book Printed versions of Designing Analog Chips are available from Amazon and Barnes and Noble .
For European readers the hard - cover version is printed in the UK and is available on - line through Amazon.co.uk , Amazon.de or Amazond.fr .
Hans Camenzind was born and raised in Switzerland and moved to the U.S. after college .
He received an MSEE from Northeastern University and an MBA from the University of Santa Clara .
After several years doing research in the Boston area , he moved to the West Coast to join Signetics ( now Philips ) and later started his own company , Interdesign .
After heading it for seven years he sold Interdesign to Plessey .
Since then he has been an independent design consultant in analog IC design , operating under the name Array Design in San Francisco .
During his career at four different companies he designed the first integrated class D amplifier , introduced the phase - locked loop concept to ICs , invented the semicustom IC and created the 555 timer .
He has designed 151 standard and custom ICs so far .
Check out Camenzind 's latest book on the history of electronics , Much Ado About Almost Nothing !
Contact Us Today to Discuss Your Case
Because I am the only attorney at my law firm , every client receives my individual , undivided attention .
I do not delegate legal tasks , opting instead to invest myself in my clients ’ success .
At my firm , clients can expect an individualized approach to each case , with the best legal support available
If you need an Austin business lawyer or a tax attorney , please call our office at 512-457-1177 for a consultation .
Or you can contact us online .
The information that you obtain at this site is not , nor is it intended to be , legal advice , and any use of this information will not create an attorney - client relationship .
We invite you to contact us to get advice .
Supporters and opponents for the health care overhaul rally outside a meeting at UCLA this month .
Heated partisan debate over President Obama 's health care plan , erupting at town hall meetings and in the blogosphere , has more to do with our illogical thought processes than reality , sociologists are finding .
The problem : People on both sides of the political aisle often work backward from a firm conclusion to find supporting facts , rather than letting evidence inform their views .
The result : A survey out this week finds voters split strongly along party lines regarding their beliefs about key parts of the plan .
Example : About 91 percent of Republicans think the proposal would increase wait times for surgeries and other health services , while only 37 percent of Democrats think so .
Irrational thinking
A totally rational person would lay out — and evaluate objectively — the pros and cons of a health care overhaul before choosing to support or oppose a plan .
But we humans are not so rational , according to Steve Hoffman , a visiting professor of sociology at the University of Buffalo .
" People get deeply attached to their beliefs , " Hoffman said .
" We form emotional attachments that get wrapped up in our personal identity and sense of morality , irrespective of the facts of the matter . "
And to keep our sense of personal and social identity , Hoffman said , we tend to use a backward type of reasoning in order to justify such beliefs .
Similarly , past research by Dolores Albarracin , a psychology professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , has shown in particular that people who are less confident in their beliefs are more reluctant than others to seek out opposing perspectives .
So these people avoid counter evidence all together .
The same could apply to the health care debate , Albarracin said .
" Even if you have free press , freedom of speech , it does n't make people listen to all points of view , " she said .
Just about everybody is vulnerable to the phenomenon of holding onto our beliefs even in the face of iron - clad evidence to the contrary , Hoffman said .
Why ?
Because it 's hard to do otherwise .
" It 's an amazing challenge to constantly break out the Nietzschean hammer and destroy your world view and belief system and evaluate others , " Hoffman said .
Just the facts you need
Hoffman 's idea is based on a study he and colleagues did of nearly 50 participants , who were all Republican and reported believing in the link between the Sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks and Saddam Hussein .
Participants were given the mounting evidence that no link existed and then asked to justify their belief .
( The findings should apply to any political bent .
" We 're not making the claim that Democratic or liberal partisans do n't do the same thing .
They do , " Hoffman said . )
All but one held onto the belief , using a variety of so - called motivated reasoning strategies .
" Motivated reasoning is essentially starting with a conclusion you hope to reach and then selectively evaluating evidence in order to reach that conclusion , " explained Hoffman 's colleague , sociologist Andrew Perrin of the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill .
For instance , some participants used a backward chain of reasoning in which the individual supported the decision to go to war and so assumed any evidence necessary to support that decision , including the link between 9/11 and Hussein .
" For these voters , the sheer fact that we were engaged in war led to a post - hoc search for a justification for that war , " Hoffman said .
" People were basically making up justifications for the fact that we were at war . "
Their research is published in the most recent issue of the journal Sociological Inquiry .
Hot health care debate
The proposed health care plan has all the right ingredients for such wonky reasoning , the researchers say .
The issue is both complex ( no single correct answer ) , emotionally charged and potentially history - changing , while debates often occur with like - minded peers in town hall settings .
The result is staunch supporters and just - as - staunch critics who are sticking to their guns .
" The health care debate would be vulnerable to motivated reasoning , because it is , and has become , so highly emotionally and symbolically charged , " Perrin said during a telephone interview , adding that images equating the plan with Nazi Germany illustrate the symbolic nature of the arguments .
In addition , the town hall settings make for even more rigid beliefs .
That 's because changing one 's mind about a complex issue can rattle a person 's sense of identity and sense of belonging within a community .
If everyone around you is a neighbor or friend , you'd be less likely to change your opinion , the researchers say .
" In these one - shot town hall meetings , where you have an emotionally laden complex issue like health care , it 's very likely you 're going to get these ramped up emotionally laden debates .
They 're going to be hot debates , " Hoffman told LiveScience .
Two - sided discussion
To bring the facts from both sides to the table , Hoffman suggests venues where a heterogeneous group of people can meet , those for and against the proposed health care system overhaul .
And at least some of these gatherings should include just a handful of people .
In groups of more than about six people , one or two members will tend to dominate the discussion , he said .
For either side , logical arguments might not be the key .
" I think strategically it 's important that the Obama administration and advocates of a health care plan really pay attention to how people feel and the symbolism they are seeing , and not just the nuts and bolts of the policy , " Perrin said .
" People do n't reason with pure facts and logic alone . "
Fox & Friends host Gretchen Carlson claimed to have performed some “ crack research ” about the Cash for Clunkers program , but you ’d have to be smoking crack to believe it …
CARLSON : By the way , I did my own crack research yesterday , spent a tremendous amount of time on this yesterday finding out information .
In my home state of Minnesota , so far only two of these deals have actually been approved –
DOOCY : That ’s all ?
CARLSON : — by the government .
DOOCY : Wow .
CARLSON : Two in the entire state of Minnesota .
And then you wonder about whether or not these dealers feel like they ’re going to get their money from the government .
Not so sure .
It ’s not as if she misspoke and then corrected herself .
She actually believes she ’s right .
The fact of the matter is Minnesota Automobile Dealers Association ’s study shows that out of the 7,500 submissions , the government has approved 2 percent , which would be 150 .
And only 8 percent have been rejected .
Original Story
Share this article
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Persistent job insecurity poses a major threat to worker health , according to a new study published in the September issue of the peer - reviewed journal Social Science and Medicine .
The study used long - term data from two nationally representative sample surveys of the U.S. population to assess the impact of chronic job insecurity apart from actual job loss .
" Dramatic changes in the U.S. labor market have weakened bonds between employers and employees and fueled perceptions of job insecurity , " said University of Michigan sociologist Sarah Burgard , a research assistant professor at the U - M Institute for Social Research .
" This study provides the strongest evidence to date that persistent job insecurity has a negative impact on worker health .
In fact , chronic job insecurity was a stronger predictor of poor health than either smoking or hypertension in one of the groups we studied . "
Burgard and colleagues Jennie Brand at the University of California , Los Angeles , and James House at U - M , analyzed data on more than 1,700 adults collected over periods from three to 10 years .
By interviewing the same people at different points in time , the researchers were able to disentangle the connection between poor health and job insecurity , and to control for the impact of actual job loss and other factors .
One of the studies was conducted between 1986 and 1989 , the other between 1995 and 2005 .
" It may seem surprising that chronically high job - insecurity is more strongly linked with health declines than actual job loss or unemployment , " said Burgard , who is also affiliated with U - M's Department of Sociology and School of Public Health .
" But there are a number of reasons why this is the case .
Ongoing ambiguity about the future , inability to take action unless the feared event actually happens , and the lack of institutionalized supports associated with perceived insecurity are among them . "
To measure feelings of job insecurity , participants in one study were asked , " How likely is that during the next couple of years you will involuntarily lose your main job ? "
Participants in the other study were asked , " If you wanted to stay in your present job , what are the chances you could keep it for the next two years . "
At any given time , as many as 18 percent of those surveyed felt insecure about their jobs .
But only about 5 percent of respondents in the first survey and 3 percent of respondents in the second survey reported feeling anxious about their jobs both times they were interviewed .
To reduce the chances that underlying pessimism or negativity was responsible for the degree of job insecurity participants felt , the researchers also controlled for neuroticism , asking participants to what extent they would describe themselves as moody , a worrier , nervous and calm .
They also controlled for race , marital status , education and job characteristics , including self - employment .
According to Burgard , the findings have potential implications for both policy and intervention .
" Programs designed for displaced or unemployed workers are unlikely to solve the problems faced by workers who are still employed but are persistently insecure about their jobs , " she said .
" When you consider that not only income but so many of the important benefits that give Americans some piece of mind — including health insurance and retirement benefits — are tied to employment for most people , it 's understandable that persistent job insecurity is so stressful .
" We need to learn more about the conditions that generate or change worker perceptions of their job insecurity .
Then organizations might want to intervene to reduce perceptions of insecurity or perhaps broader governmental policies might help to mitigate the degree of stress associated with perceived job insecurity .
Additional acute and chronic strains at work and in other areas of life might also worsen or mitigate the health impact of long - term job insecurity .
" Certainly job insecurity is nothing new , but the numbers experiencing persistent job insecurity could be considerably higher during this global recession , so these findings could apply much more broadly today than they did even a few years ago . "
Provided by University of Michigan ( news : web )
Explore further New research confirms connection between job loss and poor health
He said the Gurkhas had run out of patience and would begin a Gandhi - style campaign of non-cooperation if they were not granted statehood by January 1 , 2010 .
They will withhold taxes , refuse to pay government bills and start to collect their own revenues .
Space Shuttle Program ( SSP ) manager John Shannon has claimed that Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel ( ASAP ) leader Admiral Joseph W. Dyer ’s opposition to an extension of the shuttle manifest , due to it “ becoming more risky ” , is not an accurate reflection of the program ’s current environment .
This led to Mr Shannon addressing his workforce to inform them he found the Admiral ’s comments “ disturbing ” .
Shuttle Risk :
Although additional funding is the key driver for extension to become a reality , the question of how much “ risk ” would be involved with additional flights in the shuttle manifest has been the subject of debate since former NASA administrator Mike Griffin made claims that there was a 1 in 8 chance of a LOV/C ( Loss Of Vehicle / Crew ) if the fleet flew past 2010 .
“ The ASAP does not , I ’ll emphasize that , does not support extending the shuttle beyond its current manifest , ” noted Admiral Dyer in his opening remarks to the House hearing to discuss the initial findings of the Augustine Review into the forward path for Human Space Flight .
That comment was specific to safety , as cited in the Admiral ’s opening statement , which gained the opening question from Mr Bart Gordon , a Democrat representative from Tennessee – who chaired the hearing .
“ In your comments , you made a very definitive statement concerning no extension of the shuttle , ” Mr Gordon asked .
“ Now is that period , or is that or is that in context to 2020 ( likely 2015 ) , and would you extend it if it was recertified , or if there was a mission – or two missions – that came up in the next short period that seemed to be very important ?
Is there still a period where you would n’t go one more ? ”
“ Three quick comments :
The thing that scares us the most is that kind of serial extension , ” responded Admiral Dyer .
“ Point number 2 : We take this position because we think the risk is more than what we should ask folks to shoulder – and we do n’t think there is full transparency to that risk .
“ Thirdly , the time to extend the shuttle in the panel ’s opinion was several years ago when the supply chain was still intact and when there was an opportunity to go forward with a ( inaudible ) program .
A number of folks , who participated on the ( ASAP ) panel , have lived through an extension of number of Department of Defense aircraft programs after they were supposed to terminate .
It is never a good experience .
“ I will also offer one other caution .
Could you , with significant money and with recertification , extend the shuttle ?
Yes .
The money would be impressive , it would have to go well through the supply chain , and the risk of finding things that demand even more resources during recertification is a real risk . ”
With the heavy tone on the risk , and with six shuttle missions still to be launched , Mr Gordon asked if NASA should be looking at one less flight – if the risk was as bad as the ASAP was portraying .
That led to an astonishing claim from Admiral Dyer .
“ We say in the military world that the operational commander always has the authority to proceed in the face of absolute requirements – and it would be an equivalent position in the opinion of the panel .
The shuttle is risky , it is becoming more so , and extension beyond what is planned through the current manifest we believe would be unwise . ”
Reference : Previous * main * Shuttle Extension articles by NASASpaceflight.com :
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2009/07/major-shuttle-and-iss-extension-drive-augustine-commission/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2009/05/nasa-present-two-shuttle-extension-options-to-lawmakers/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2009/03/aresorion-slipping-18-months-shuttle-extension-upper-hand/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2009/02/extra-nasa-funds-initial-step-towards-gap-reduction/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2008/09/senate-pass-nasa-bill-for-extra-funding/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2008/10/shuttle-extension-white-paper/
http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/2008/09/nasas-dream-scenario-of-a-13-flight-extension-for-shuttle/
Shuttle Response :
The remark that the shuttle is becoming “ more riskier ” drew anger from throughout the shuttle program , not least due to the fact that major steps forward – via numerous safety modifications – that have been proved via a run of highly successful and “ clean ” missions since Return To Flight .
The recently landed STS - 128 mission is already being classed as the cleanest flight – from a Thermal Protection System ( TPS ) standpoint – in the history of the program .
Such as been the anger – or more so astonishment – at the Admirals remarks , even Mr Shannon decided to add remarks to the latest Shuttle Standup / Integration report ( available on L2 ) to give his position to the SSP team , made in his usual calm and professional manner .
“ There were some disturbing remarks from the head of the Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel ( ASAP ) .
We are working to understand these concerns from a Shuttle risk standpoint , ” Mr Shannon noted .
“ We are flying safer now , and have a better safety culture and integrated team approach with many checks and balances to ensure that we are flying as safely as absolutely possible . ”
Mr Shannon also cited the recent Flight Readiness Review ( FRR ) and Mission Management Team ( MMT ) decisions not to launch a mission until they were absolutely sure the shuttle was safe to carry it out .
These decisions are well documented , from the continuous External Tank foam modifications from STS - 114 onwards , to the Engine Cut Off ( ECO ) sensor / LH2 Feedthrough connector issues surrounding STS - 122 , to the extensive Flow Control Valve ( FCV ) discussions , to the GUCP ( Ground Umbilical Carrier Plate ) misalignment , and right through to STS - 128 ’s LH2 Fill and Drain Valve indications – to name but a few .
Also , as noted by Mr Shannon as safety culture , internal memos have shown major efforts to welcome dissent from throughout the shuttle engineering team , even when such dissent was proven to be unfounded .
A “ no stone left unturned ” attitude was how one source described the current culture to this site .
Each time a problem has been noted , it has been proven that managers have stepped back , listened to the engineering community , before making absolutely sure they both understand the problem and are in a comfortable position to launch .
“ We have demonstrated over the last several flows that when we are not ready to fly , we stop and take the necessary time to understand the situation before we proceed , ” added Mr Shannon , who added he was n’t even sure if Admiral Dyer was speaking of the current program , given how alien his representations were to the reality of the program since Columbia .
“ ( I am ) extremely proud of how the team has worked through recent problems .
( I am ) not sure if the concerns of the ASAP chairman were echoes of the past , but they do not accurately reflect the current environment .
We will work to understand these comments and to be sure that we have not forgotten anything . ”
The reality of the actual risk – a risk that is obvious and never underestimated throughout manned space flight – was shown in the extension study report that NASA filed with the White House back in May of this year .
Those findings revealed a 98.7 percent probability of safely executing each flight , which painted a very different picture when compared to Mr Griffin ’s alarming 1 in 8 chance of a disaster .
“ The latest Space Shuttle probabilistic risk assessment ( PRA ) indicates that the single mission risk for loss of crew and vehicle ( LOCV ) is 1 in 77 ; stated another way , there is a 98.7 percent probability of safely executing each flight , ” noted the NASA study into extending the shuttle past 2010 ( available on L2 ) .
Interestingly , that study based its figures on the SSP since 1987 .
Had the study was based on post Return To Flight findings , it would be highly likely resulted in a risk ratio would be significantly lower – simply due to the flight history since the loss of Columbia , and the numerous modifications made since the fleet returned to action with STS - 114 .
However , even based on the conservative study findings , the risk is not deemed to a ratio that would increase , which directly counters the Admiral ’s claims .
“ The average risk of LOCV has remained fairly consistent over that time .
This risk is predicted to remain consistent over the remaining life of the program .
The primary drivers for LOCV are , in order of the magnitude of their contribution to the overall risk : micro-meteoroid / orbital debris ( MMOD ) , ascent debris , and Space Shuttle Main Engine ( SSME ) malfunctions .
“ In addition , NASA will continue to evolve its PRA tools to address anomalies encountered during flight operations .
By monitoring anomaly trends across different categories ( for example , by whether an anomaly is due to design issues , age , operations or procedurally - induced effects , or unknown or random phenomena ) , NASA gains both near - term insights into Space Shuttle performance opportunities for potential safety improvements during ongoing operations as well as longer - term benefit in applying experience - based risk models to future programs like Constellation .
“ NASA ’s safety and mission assurance strategy emphasizes the need for rigorous program and independent safety reviews , as well as continual safety improvements throughout a program ’s life cycle .
Improvements to both processes and hardware are made for each Space Shuttle flight , and NASA will continue to invest in prudent safety enhancements through the last mission . ”
The latest SSP Top Risks Review presentation on L2 shows the vehicle is becoming safer , with the latest ratio updated to 1 in 81 LOV/C , from the previous 1 in 77 .
The SSP also earned praise at the preceding meeting with the Senate side of Hearing from both the politicians in attendance and Mr Norm Augustine himself – who spoke of his “ astonishment ” at the morale and professionalism of the program ’s workforce .
Such comments are a good reflection of the highly respected SSP team .
However , the continued uncertainty surrounding the future of both the Shuttle Program and NASA itself is understandably starting to pay a toll , as the program is forced to press ahead of a cull of its workforce based on the current plan to end the program after STS - 133 .
A forward plan is expected next month – right at the cusp of a point of no return for the Shuttle Program ’s extension potential .
That point of a soon - to - be - known “ executable plan ” was also referenced by Mr Shannon .
“ Testimony from the Augustine Committee has been delivered to the House and Senate , but everyone must keep in mind that this is the starting point of the discussion on NASA ’s future .
“ The House disagreed with some of the findings , and the Senate disagreed with other findings .
These points will be worked out before it is submitted to the White House .
When we come out of this process , we will have an executable plan . ”
L2 members : Documentation – from which the above article has quoted snippets – is available in full in the related L2 sections , now over 4000 gbs in size .
of Dune .
The children of Dune 's children awaken as from a dream , wielding the new power of heresy called love .
… ( more On Arrakis , now called Rakis , known to legend as Dune , ten times ten centuries have passed .
The planet is becoming desert again .
The Lost Ones are returning home from the far reaches of space .
The great sandworms are dying , and the Bene Gesserit and the Bene Tleilax struggle to direct the future
Tiong Hiew King , founder of giant Asian logging conglomerate Rimbunan Hijau , a company accused of systematically stripping the " paradise " forests of Indonesia , Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Environment groups around the world have called for a billionaire businessman to be stripped of his knighthood after claiming that his fortune has been built on the systematic destruction of tropical rainforests .
Tiong Hiew King , the founder of giant Asian logging conglomerate Rimbunan Hijau , was awarded an honorary knighthood " for services to commerce , the community and charitable organisations in Papua New Guinea " in the Queen 's birthday honours list last month .
Rimbunan Hijau , which has hundreds of subsidiaries , operates in south - east Asia and Africa , and is the biggest extractor of tropical timber from Papua New Guinea .
The company has also been highly active in the Solomon Islands , which campaigners say has been stripped almost bare of its indigenous forests by a handful of Asian logging syndicates including King 's companies .
The award to Tiong , whose personal wealth is estimated at over $ 2.7bn , escaped notice until now - having not been published in any British newspaper .
Honorary awards for foreign nationals are not published in Britain and are made public only at the discretion of foreign governments .
Yesterday both the UK government and Buckingham palace distanced themselves from the appointment .
" The palace would have decided on the award , " said a spokesman for the Foreign Office .
" The prime minister of Papua New Guinea , supported by the governor general , would have made the recommendation to the queen .
It would then have been cleared by the Foreign Office and the Malaysian government , " said a spokesman for the palace .
Survival International and other groups today accused Tiong 's timber companies of systematically stripping the " paradise " forests of Indonesia , Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands for over 30 years .
" It 's outrageous that Tiong Hiew King has been given an honorary knighthood .
His company is responsible for the destruction of vast areas of forest belonging to the Penan tribe in Sarawak , Borneo , many of whom now have difficulty finding enough food as the animals they hunt have fled Tiong 's bulldozers .
Britain must stop honouring people who abuse tribal people 's rights , " said Stephen Cory , director of Survival International .
" His global logging empire is responsible for the destruction of huge swathes of pristine rainforest in south - east Asia .
If the Queen knew what he was responsible for she would have knighted him with a chainsaw , not a sword , " said a spokesman for Greenpeace .
" Tiong Hiew King is unfit for a knighthood .
He is commonly known to be one of the chief people responsible for widespread logging in both Papua New Guinea and other countries , " said Lukas Straumann of the Bruno Manser Foundation , which was set up following the death of the Swiss environmentalist .
" We are shocked by the award and would like to write a formal letter of protest to Prince Charles and Queen Elizabeth to deprive him of this honour as it is a joke based on the record of his company 's activities in our country , " said a spokesman for the Papua New Guinea Eco-Forestry forum .
Prince Charles , who visited south - east Asia last year to plead with government leaders to protect forests has led a global initiative to defend tropical rainforests which are being felled at an alarming rate .
A spokesman for Clarence House , which represents Prince Charles , today declined to comment .
The Rimbunan Hijau company website says the jobs it creates for local communities improves their quality of life and that welfare and environmental protection of societies is a major driving force for the company .
Tiong declined to comment .
RPGnet , meet Arach .
To give you an idea of the animation quality ; imagine a stop - motion picture made at home using nothing but screenshots .
You 'll meet Arach a lot , on many levels .
He 's the first instance of this particular character model , and it will see its use before this is all over .
And yes , he 's apparently as spidery as his name suggests .
He 's locked up in a cell with us .
He decides he likes us .
He immediately breaks with one tradition of the genre ...... and opens the cell with his fingernail , thus saving us the trouble .
Gee , thanks .
He incidentally explains that our dear captain Briggs is n't alone down there ;
He has a friend .
An " Earthly guide " .
For the slow among us , that would be you , the player .
This means that he is n't insane when he talks to himself , he 's actually whispering what he sees and feels to you .
That 's another one dodged ... I guess .
Briggs does what comes natural to all humans in that situation .
He pokes us , going all like " whoah " and shit .
I do n't know how much more meta this can get .
Arach then gives us our first item ...... A worm he pulled from his ear .
Nice .
Did I say first ?
I meant second !
You start with one thing already in your to - be ridiculously voluminous pocket ; our very own Doohickey McGuffin .
The Seal of Sufferance .
All that info you get on looking at it is from the manual , which explains that Fate and Destiny ( anthropomorphized , we assume ) are having a bet , and Briggs is working for Fate using the Seal to ensure that mankind can choose its own destiny .
Destiny wants all mortals to follow a set path and have no free will , which is apparently Fate 's domain .
Weird .
Anyway , there 's a book and Briggs has to put it together .
No , we do n't know why .
We 're not even sure why all this information is n't in the game , beyond " they were too lazy to do it " .
Apparently , humanity is fragile enough that a single book missing a piece of its cover can doom us for eternity .
My disbelief suspenders are n't even going to try this one on .
Here we are , then .
Our first screen .
I probably wo n't have the testicular fortitude to do every single shot in the game ( and your browsers will thank me for this ) , but I 'll do the ones that come next just to show you how 80 % of the goal - seeking in this game works ; namely , walking through corridors .
But first , a look at the mechanics .
A Green Party parliamentary candidate is facing disciplinary action after calling for the reintroduction of nuclear power , which is strictly against party policy .
Chris Goodall , prospective parliamentary candidate for Oxford West and Abingdon , upset many party members with his assertion in yesterday ’s Independent that atomic energy has a role to play in the fight against climate change .
Mr Goodall was one of four prominent environmentalists disclosed as having had a change of heart about the nuclear issue , having moved from an anti-nuclear stance to believing that atomic power is a necessary part of the energy mix in the struggle to cut carbon emissions and halt global warming .
The others are Lord Smith of Finsbury , the former Labour cabinet minister who now chairs the Environment Agency ; Stephen Tindale , a former executive director of Greenpeace , and Mark Lynas , the author of two studies of climate change .
But while the others are in essence free agents , Mr Good - all ’s case is distinctive in that his views are now formally at odds with one of his own party ’s key policy positions .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Resolute opposition to nuclear power has been a cornerstone of Green party policy for years , as is made clear in the party ’s principal policy document , Manifesto for a Sustainable Society , which states unambiguously that a Green government , on taking office , would set a deadline for phasing out all nuclear power .
Mr Goodall ’s remarks had left many party members “ seriously concerned ” , the Green Party leader , Caroline Lucas , MEP , said last night .
“ It is of great concern to me that a candidate should be promoting a policy which is at odds with the party manifesto , and I shall be taking that forward , ” she said .
“ In any party , you have a range of different views , but once selected as a parliamentary candidate , you have a particular responsibility . ”
The matter would be dealt with by the party ’s regional council , after speaking to Mr Goodall directly , she said .
Asked if this would include disc-iplinary action and possibly even de-selection as a candidate , Ms Lucas would only say : “ We will be taking appropriate measures . ”
Or : Why I am dreading Alpha Protocol .
This post requires a bit of background .
I highly recommend reading Thomas Macaulay Millar 's essay " Toward a Performance Model of Sex " , from the recently published anthology Yes Means Yes : Visions of Female Sexual Power and a World Without Rape .
You can read the essay on Google book search .
This post intends to look at video game relationships in the context of the two models Millar describes , so please read it if you have the time .
In short , Millar describes how society sees sex as a commodity , and argues that the commodity model — which enables rape , allows the concept of the " slut " to exist , and frames consent as " the absence of no " , rather than " the presence of yes " — should be replaced by what he calls the performance model , where sex is seen as a collaborative effort between two equal participants , like two musicians playing a song together .
In this excerpt he describes the commodity model :
We live in a culture where sex is not so much an act as a thing : a substance that can be given , bought , sold , or stolen , that has a value and a supply - and - demand curve .
In this " commodity model , " sex is like a ticket ; women have it and men try to get it .
Women may give it away or may trade it for something valuable , but either way it 's a transaction .
This puts women in the position of seller , but also guardian or gatekeeper …
Women are guardians of the tickets , men apply for access to them .
This model pervades casual conversation about sex : Women " give it up . " men " get some . "
The commodity model is shared by both the libertines and the prudes of our patriarchy .
To the libertine , guys want to maximize their take of tickets .
The prudes want women to keep the tickets to buy something really " important " : the spouse , provider , protector .
( There is a LOT more to the piece , and it 's fascinating and clear , so definitely read it . )
To give an example : a guy I know once received a call from a couple of his friends , who asked if he wanted to go to a strip club .
He said something like , " Why would I want to go to a shady bar and pay a random stranger to show me her boobs when I can have sex with my girlfriend ? "
And his oh - so - clever friends informed him that Hey !
When you think about it , you are still just paying to see boobs !
Except the payment is in dinners and dates and compliments , rather than dollar bills .
Ha. Ha .
Get it ?
Because all women are prostitutes .
There are so many things wrong with the " joke " : it ignores the fact that the girlfriend likely enjoys sex , too , and that the guy also gets companionship , stability , love and attention out of the relationship , in addition to sex .
It ignores the fact that theirs is a sexual and social partnership , not some kind of transaction or business arrangement .
But the relevant part here is that the " joke " just does n't work if the participants are n't invested in the commodity model of sex described by Millar .
So what does this have to do with video games ?
Well , some video games allow the player character to have sex with NPCs ; even more allow the player to have romantic relationships with NPCs .
What the vast majority of these games inevitably do is present relationship mechanics that distill the commodity model down to its essence — you talk to the NPC enough , and give them enough presents , and then they have sex with / marry you .
This design approach is extremely simplistic and perpetuates the commodity model of sex — the player wants sex , they go through certain motions , and they are " rewarded " with what they wanted ( like a vending machine ) .
Furthermore , when sex is included in a game , it is generally framed as the end result — the reward — of romance , rather than one aspect of an ongoing relationship / partnership .
For example , one gamer commented that the romance in Mass Effect seemed like the romantic interest was really saying , " Keep talking to me and eventually we 'll have sex " .
The relationship is not the goal ; the goal is the tasteful PG - 13 sex scene .
The NPC 's thoughts and desires are n't relevant ; what matters is the tactics you use to get what you want .
This is a boring mechanic in games and dangerously dehumanizing behavior in real life .
Where the simplistic relationship mechanics really get problematic is when someone makes a game where your protagonist is a James Bond - wannabe and there 's an achievement for sleeping with every woman in the game .
I am talking , of course , about Alpha Protocol .
The quotes in the linked MTV Multiplayer article are infuriatingly sexist ( as well as displaying insultingly limiting definitions of masculinity ) , but the relevant part is the bit about the " Ladies ' Man " achievement .
It is seriously problematic to have a game where the male player / avatar can have sex with any and every woman in the game .
On top of reinforcing the commodity model of sex , it is desperately heteronormative .
For all the player 's " choice " of with whom to engage , there 's no possibility that the player might want to have a relationship with another man .
It also shows that lesbians just do n't exist in this world , if every single woman is open to a sexual encounter with a man .
In addition , it perpetuates the narrative of the Nice Guy ( described in Millar 's essay , and elsewhere ) : that men are entitled to sex from women if they follow the rules and do the right things , or in the case of Alpha Protocol , " select your responses wisely . "
It is not only dangerous but just plain unrealistic to portray a world in which every single woman is a potential sex partner : in the real world , there are lesbians , and there are straight or bisexual women who wo n't sleep with you no matter what you do , because they are human beings with their own preferences and desires and interests .
( If I remember correctly , a counterexample may be The Sims , where often certain personalities just wo n't get along well enough to develop a relationship no matter how hard you try . )
So what can video games do to portray better relationships ?
For one , they can stop being so goddamn heteronormative and allow options for queer relationships .
And secondly , designers can start thinking of sex as a collaborative performance between two equal partners , and romantic interests as actual human beings with lives and thoughts and preferences outside of where they intersect with the player , rather than as conquests .
And everyone would do well to read Millar 's essay !
Read more on the While !
Finished blog .
( CNN ) --
In an anguished 911 call , a Georgia man told dispatchers that he arrived home to find " my whole family 's dead . "
Seven people were found dead Saturday at a residence in a mobile home park in Brunswick , Georgia .
" I just got home , " a man identified as Guy Heinze Jr. told the emergency dispatcher in the Saturday call , released Monday by authorities .
" I was out last night .
I got home just now , and everybody 's dead .
...
My whole family 's dead .
It looks like they 've been beaten to death . "
Seven people were found dead Saturday at a residence at the New Hope mobile home park in Brunswick , Georgia , authorities said .
Two others were hospitalized in critical condition ; one of them , identified by police as 19 - year - old Michael Toller , died Sunday .
The remaining survivor remained in critical condition on Monday , police said .
A neighbor of Heinze 's placed the call and put him on the phone , as well as the mobile home park 's maintenance man .
The park manager also called 911 , sobbing as she told dispatchers , " Please hurry . "
Listen as the 911 operator hears a family has died »
Police said Sunday that they have " no known suspects " in the case .
" We are not looking for any known suspects , " Glynn County Police Chief Matt Doering said .
" That does n't say that there are no suspects .
They 're just not known to us . "
Heinze was arrested Saturday night and faces charges of possessing a controlled substance and marijuana , as well as evidence tampering and making false statements to a police officer , Doering said .
He said Heinze has been cooperative and stopped short of naming him a suspect in the deaths .
" We 're still looking for anybody and everybody that may be related to this , " he said .
" That naturally includes [ Heinze ] .
Of course we 're looking at him . "
" I do n't know what to do , man , " an emotional Heinze told the dispatcher .
" My dad , my mom , my uncle , my cousin ... my dad , he 's laying there dead .
That was my dad . "
" It 's a house full of people that live there , " the neighbor said during the call .
" I know there 's a baby .
I do n't know if the baby was in there or not . "
At one point , while the maintenance man , identified only as Mike , talked to dispatchers , Heinze went into the mobile home and reported that his cousin , identified as Michael , was still breathing .
Asked to describe Michael , the maintenance man said that Michael is a " young man with Down 's syndrome . "
Heinze reported that the youth 's " face is smashed in , " he said .
Heinze got back on the phone to talk to a supervisor , repeating that Michael was breathing , although he appeared to be having trouble breathing and needed an ambulance .
The dispatcher assured him that help was on the way and tried to question him gently .
" People 's beat , " Heinze said .
" Everybody is dead . "
Asked what the mobile home looked like , he yelled , " It looks like a [ expletive ] murder scene . "
At the dispatcher 's suggestion , Heinze tried to question Michael , asking him , " Where do you hurt ? "
There was no response .
Doering said Sunday that police think at least one person not in custody may have information in the case .
Authorities have not released the identities or ages of the other victims , revealing only that they range in age from children through mid-40s .
One additional victim was identified , Doering said Monday , but he did not release that person 's name pending notification of relatives .
Autopsies on the victims began over the weekend in Savannah , Georgia , and continued Monday , Doering said .
Police had been called to the home before , Doering said , but would not say why .
He was tight - lipped Sunday about many aspects of the case , refusing to say how the victims died or to give a breakdown of male and female victims .
All nine victims lived in the mobile home , he said , and police do not believe that any of them conducted the assault .
He said police are making progress and have narrowed down the timeline for when the deaths occurred .
Brunswick is about 300 miles southeast of Atlanta , on the Georgia coast .
All About Murder and Homicide • Georgia
MONTPELLIER , France , Aug. 5 ( UPI ) --
The active ingredient in many insect repellents , N , N - Diethyl - 3 - methylbenzamide , known as DEET , may harm the central nervous system , French researchers said .
Vincent Corbel from the Institut de Recherche pour le Developpement in Montpellier and Bruno Lapied of the University of Angers , both in France , led a team of researchers that investigated the toxicity of DEET .
Advertisement
" We 've found that DEET is not simply a behavior - modifying chemical but also inhibits the activity of a key central nervous system enzyme , acetycholinesterase , in both insects and mammals , " Corbel said in a statement .
" These findings question the safety of DEET , particularly in combination with other chemicals , and they highlight the importance of a multidisciplinary approach to the development of safer insect repellents for use in public health . "
The researchers said more investigation is needed to confirm or dismiss any potential neurotoxicity of DEET exposure in humans .
The findings are published in the journal BMC Biology .
Funny project names
Sometimes a little humor might be appealing .
On small closed or internal projects humor can really spice things up .
Funny project names are easier to remember , and gives inspiration and good spirit to the team members .
Using funny project names instead of a strict and boring business name can be rather beneficial for the whole project .
I once worked on a project with the working title " yellow foot " .
That led to quite many laughs among the team members .
Both during the naming process , but also later when we had to explain the naming to people outside the section .
We even got some envious remarks from some colleagues , who suddenly found their own project names rather boring .
Later on we worked with semi-projects under the yellow foot hat .
And the future naming was very easy now we had started the tradition .
The following project titles was " Redneck " and " Blue Balls " .
Funny and cool names
If you want more funny or funky alternatives you could turn to the Superhero Name Generator or the Band Name Generator for inspiration .
With the above generators you can generate totally different sorts of names with a lot more cool and edgy approach and touch .
Who says it needs to be boring ? ;-)
New ideas and inspiration for project names
The Project Name Generator is a great place to start your brainstorming .
The random functions is an excellent idea generator with it 's unfiltered ideas and suggestions .
So if you did n't find the perfect codename for your project , you probably have got a lot of new ideas for making you own ones .
Easy to use
I have focus on usability and my prime goal is to keep the service easy to use for everybody .
The big button is easy to spot , and so are names written in huge bold typography .
Does n't take many split seconds to get started generating ideas .
Names are generated with a single click on a button .
No decisions to make , no input fields to fill .
The generator are supposed do the work , not you .
It should be easy to make the second name when you do n't like the first one .
And if you get exited and press the button to fast , you wo n't miss a single name , because they are all written to a list , so you can save them and go through them in peace .
From Obama ’s speech tonight :
I will not sign a plan that adds one dime to our deficits – either now or in the future .
Period .
And to prove that I ’m serious , there will be a provision in this plan that requires us to come forward with more spending cuts if the savings we promised do n’t materialize . …
We ’ve estimated that most of this plan can be paid for by finding savings within the existing health care system – a system that is currently full of waste and abuse . …
We will also create an independent commission of doctors and medical experts charged with identifying more waste in the years ahead . …
Because Medicare is such a big part of the health care system , making the program more efficient can help usher in changes in the way we deliver health care that can reduce costs for everybody .
We have long known that some places , like the Intermountain Healthcare in Utah or the Geisinger Health System in rural Pennsylvania , offer high - quality care at costs below average .
The commission can help encourage the adoption of these common - sense best practices by doctors and medical professionals throughout the system – everything from reducing hospital infection rates to encouraging better coordination between teams of doctors .
Reducing the waste and inefficiency in Medicare and Medicaid will pay for most of this plan . …
Add it all up , and the plan I ’m proposing will cost around $ 900 billion over ten years .
So he ’s going to save $ 500 + billion over ten years by having an independent commission “ encourage best practices ” ?
Actually doing that would require this commission to have enormous power and be willing to use it to create many politically powerful enemies .
I see no sign whatsoever that they are actually willing to do this , nor any sign that they would actually be willing to cut medical spending if “ spending cuts ” somewhere were required by law .
So far this still looks like the usual empty campaign promise to pay for spending deficits by “ cutting waste and abuse . ”
Added : The Post fact - checker agrees on Obama ’s cost - cutting claims : “ This is , at best , wishful thinking . ”
The White House website elaborates that the Commission will not ration or cut benefits or access :
An independent Commission , made up of doctors and medical experts [ will ] make recommendations to Congress each year on how to promote greater efficiency and higher quality in Medicare .
The Commission will not be authorized to propose or implement Medicare changes that ration care or affect benefits , eligibility or beneficiary access to care .
So they will cut vast waste without ever telling anyone they ca n’t get a treatment they want ?
Fantasy .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Reddit Email 0 Shares
While Americans are debating their own health system , they are unindicted co-conspirators in an effort to degrade the health , mental and physical , and to half - starve the people of Gaza .
The callousness , ruthlessness and selfishness of this policy , in which all Americans are implicated , is breathtaking .
In Gaza , there really were death panels deciding who lived and died last winter , and they wore Israeli uniforms .
More on the wretched public health situation in Gaza , which is a direct result of Israel ’s siege of the little place and its brutal war on it last winter , which is contributing to the political radicalization of the population :
Palestinians are among the most secular people in the Middle East over all , and the vast majority was uninterested in radical Islam until very recently .
It is being put in what is essentially a prison camp by the Israelis that is driving some Gazans to extreme ideas and measures .
Two - thirds of Gaza ’s 1.5 million people are estimated to suffer from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder .
Wayne Anderson writes :
‘ The most common traumatic events reported by the sample indicated 96 percent experienced shelling and bombardment of their area , 95 percent had watched mutilated bodies on television , 93 percent had seen the effects of bombardment on the ground , 72 percent said they had at times lacked water , food and electricity during the conflict , and 72 percent said they had moved to a safe place during the war .
Scoring from the DSM - IV , the standard psychiatric manual , indicated 67 percent of the sample rated as having PTSD . ’
The Israeli blockade is also limiting Gazans ’ access to proper medical supplies , according to the World Health Organization .
It is to the point where ten percent of children in Gaza are stunted , and stunting is increasing .
These almost apocalyptic public health problems , the direct result of a long - term and systematic siege operated by Israel with US and Egyptian complicity , are certain to create dire problems for all concerned .
That Americans are doing this to a people and just not talking about it makes you worried that they are n’t very sincere in their professed interest in reform in Iran or other issues .
This one , we fund through Congress .
End / ( Not Continued )
Editor 's note : Uwe Reinhardt is James Madison professor of political economy at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School .
From 1986 to 1995 he served as a commissioner on the Physician Payment Review Committee , established in 1986 by Congress to advise it on issues related to the payment of physicians .
Uwe Reinhardt says health costs are rising at unsustainable pace , gobbling up middle - class incomes .
( CNN ) --
Watching the angry outbursts at town hall meetings on health reform and the continuing public ambivalence about current efforts to reform our health system almost makes me wish that the reform effort fails .
Perhaps Americans need to be taught a basic lesson on the economics of employment - based health insurance before they will feel as smugly secure with it as they do now and before they will stop nitpicking health - reform efforts to death over this or that detail .
And America 's currently insured middle class will be increasingly desperate if health reform fails .
Millions more such families will see their take - home pay shrink .
Millions will lose their employment - based insurance , especially in medium and small - sized firms .
And millions will find themselves inexorably priced out of health care as we know it .
Milliman Inc. , an employee benefits consulting firm , publishes annually its Milliman Medical Index on the total health spending by or for a typical American family of four with private health insurance .
The index totals the family 's out - of - pocket spending for health care plus the contribution employers and employees make to that family 's job - related health insurance coverage .
The Milliman Medical Index stood at $ 8,414 in 2001 .
It had risen to $ 16,700 by 2009 .
It is likely to rise to $ 18,000 by next year .
That is more than a doubling of costs in the span of a decade !
Since 2005 , the index has grown at an average annual compound rate of 8.4 percent .
Suppose we make it 8 percent for the coming decade .
Then today 's $ 16,700 will have grown to slightly over $ 36,000 by 2019 .
Economists are convinced that this $ 36,000 would come virtually all out of the financial hides of employees , even if the employer pretended to be paying , say , 80 percent of the employment - based health insurance premiums .
In the succinct words of the late United Automobile Worker Union leader Douglas Fraser :
" Before you start weeping for the auto companies and all they pay for medical insurance , let me tell you how the system works .
All company bargainers worth their salt keep their eye on the total labor unit cost , and when they pay an admittedly horrendous amount for health care , that 's money that can't be spent for higher [ cash ] wages or higher pensions or other fringe benefits .
So we directly , the union and its members , feel the costs of the health care system . "
( " A National Health Policy Debate , " Dartmouth Medical School Alumni Magazine , Summer 1989 : 30 )
Unfortunately , very few rank - and - file workers appreciate this fact .
Aside from their still modest out - of - pocket payments and contributions to employment - based insurance premiums , most employees seem sincerely to believe that the bulk of their family 's health care is basically paid for by " the company , " which is why so few members of the middle class have ever been much interested in controlling health spending in this country .
The price for that indifference will be high .
If efforts at better cost containment fail once again , and health care costs rise to $ 36,000 on average for a typical American family of four under age 65 -- as almost surely it would -- that $ 36,000 will be borne entirely by the family .
That family 's disposable income would be much higher if the growth of future health spending was better controlled .
And , as noted , many smaller firms will stop altogether providing job - based health insurance .
It would be a major problem for families with an income of less than $ 100,000 a year .
In 2007 , only about 25 percent of American families had a money income of $ 100,000 or more .
Close to 60 percent had family incomes of less than $ 75,000 .
Here it must be remembered that the wages and salaries of the solid American middle class have been relatively stagnant in recent years and are likely to remain so for the next decade .
Unemployment is not likely to fall significantly soon , regardless of what stock prices do on Wall Street .
Indeed , often stock prices rise as firms lay off workers to drive up profits through leaner payrolls .
This prospect -- relatively stagnant family incomes combined with family health - care costs that double every decade -- is what America 's middle class should contemplate as it thinks about the imperative of health reform .
It is a pity that this central issue seems to have been shoved aside by mendacious distortions from Sarah Palin , Betsy McCaughey , Rush Limbaugh and other extremist commentators seeking to frighten Americans with their prattle about " death panels " and " pulling plugs on granny " that no bill before Congress even remotely envisions .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Uwe Reinhardt .
All About Health Care Costs • Economic Issues • Business • Labor Unions • United Auto Workers
I set up my camera last night hoping to get a few Perseids .
This one shot across the sky behind my back .
I did n't see it , but the camera did !
Bill Cooke ,
NASA Meteoroid Environment Office , Huntsville , Alabama
Aug. 4 , 2009
42.90 Euros Per Arm Inside a Creepy Global Body Parts Business
The German company Tutogen 's business in body parts is as secretive as it is lucrative .
It extracts bones from corpses in Ukraine to manufacture medical products , as part of a global market worth billions that is centered in the United States .
Martina Keller und Markus Grill Von
A former Los Angeles priest convicted of molesting two boys has been called before a federal grand jury investigating how the Archdiocese of Los Angeles and Cardinal Roger M. Mahony handled priest abuse cases , a source told The Times .
Former priest Michael Stephen Baker said he informed Mahony two decades ago that he sexually abused children , but he was allowed to remain in the ministry and victimized others .
In 2007 , Baker was sent to state prison for 10 years for molesting two boys .
Although he continues to serve time in state prison , he is now in federal custody as a grand jury witness , said a source who requested anonymity because the case is ongoing .
The U.S. attorney ’s office in Los Angeles has launched a federal grand jury investigation into allegations of molestation by priests in the archdiocese , sources have told The Times .
The probe is aimed at determining whether Mahony , and possibly other church leaders , committed fraud by failing to adequately deal with priests accused of sexually abusing children , sources said .
Advertisement
Mahony ’s attorney , J. Michael Hennigan , said the cardinal was not a target of the federal inquiry .
Mahony has apologized repeatedly for the church ’s sex scandal , and said Baker ’s case is one of those that “ troubles me the most . ”
Baker said he told Mahony in 1986 that he had molested young boys .
“ I told Mahony I had a problem , ” Baker said in a 2001 interview with The Times .
Mahony allowed him to remain active in the archdiocese and did not alert police , law enforcement records show .
Instead , he sent Baker to a New Mexico treatment center and later assigned him to other parishes , where according to court records and interviews he victimized other boys .
In 2000 , a lawyer for two brothers told the archdiocese that Baker molested them until 1999 .
Advertisement
The Archdiocese and Baker settled the matter out of court for $ 1.3 million , the boys ’ lawyer said .
The cardinal acknowledged that he did not tell police of those allegations at the time .
In December 2007 , Baker was convicted of molesting two boys in the 1990s , including one of the brothers .
That same year , the archdiocese agreed to pay $ 660 million to people who accused priests of sexual abuse .
--
richard.winton@latimes.com
I 'm not shedding too many tears over the tsunami of bad press the Australian Vaccination Network ( AVN ) is receiving right now .
I 've written about them before , oh yes .
They are the ones headed by Meryl Dorey , the woman who says vaccinations are dangerous , who says no one dies of pertussis , who says that it 's better not to vaccinate , who insinuates ( at the 11:50 mark of that video ) that doctors only vaccinate children because it 's profitable for them .
She says that , even though on that live TV program she sat a few feet away from Toni and David McCaffery , parents who had just lost their four week old daughter to pertussis because she was too young to be vaccinated yet and the herd immunity in Sydney was too low to suppress the pertussis bacterium .
This year alone , three babies in Australia , including young Dana McCaffery , have died from pertussis .
Not enough parents are vaccinating their children .
And groups like the AVN spread misinformation about vaccines , spread it like a foul odor on the wind .
As I wrote a few days ago , the AVN will be investigated for their propaganda about vaccines .
And now Dick Smith , an Australian businessman and founding skeptic there , has sponsored a devastating ad created by the Australian Skeptics .
The ad ran in The Australian , a national newspaper , on Thursday :
Click it to see it full - size .
The ad has picked up some press of its own ; it was covered by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation website .
The AVN claims they are not antivax , but instead are pro choice .
Dick Smith disagrees :
They are actually anti-vaccination and they should put on every bit of their material that they are anti-vaccination in great big words .
The evidence is on his side .
There 's an article on the ad on ITWire , too .
Word is spreading .
You can help : blog about this .
Tell people about this .
Put it on Facebook , on Twitter .
By spreading misinformation about vaccinations the AVN is scaring parents .
The herd immunity is low in part because parents are scared to vaccinate their children .
The low herd immunity is killing babies .
It really is just that simple .
My daughter recently found my cache of old home movies from when she was a baby .
We 've been laughing , watching her eat and play and be silly when she was just a few months old .
Then I think of Toni and David McCaffery and a piece of my heart dies .
Then I think of the AVN , and it screams .
Vaccines are one of the greatest triumphs of humanity ; the ability to save hundreds of millions of lives through a simple inoculation .
But because some people cannot accept reality , innocent human lives will be lost .
I applaud Dick Smith and the Australian skeptics , including my friends Rachael Dunlop and Richard Saunders , for undertaking this heroic effort of shining a bright light on the AVN .
Antivaxxers must be stopped .
When I called him last month to discuss his provocative arguments , he was disarmingly modest .
“ I ’m just an old has - been , I do n’t present myself as an expert in this or any other area , ” he said .
Image Thomas Siebel saw a plunge in information technology 's growth rate .
Credit ... Lynn Donaldson for The New York Times
The huge difference in growth rates , pre- and post -2000 , may seem so stark as to leave no room for an alternative view of I.T. ’s prospects .
But the recent drop is not as steep as it seems at first .
I asked Shane Greenstein , an economist at Northwestern University ’s Kellogg School of Management who has written extensively about the computer industry , to take a look at the raw data upon which those numbers were supposedly based : the annual I.T. spending estimates published by IDC .
Mr. Greenstein ’s calculations produced a more moderate compounded annual growth rate of 11.6 percent for 1980 to 2000 , instead of 17 percent .
( Mr. Siebel ’s personal assistant said last week that the 17 percent in the Stanford talk came from a staff member who calculated from a reading of a chart , not from precise figures . )
When Mr. Greenstein looked at the full IDC data set , which goes back to 1961 , and used other breakpoints to compare growth in earlier and later periods , he found that the most golden years of I.T. were in the 1960s , when use of mainframe computers spread widely .
From 1961 to 1971 , the compounded annual growth rate was 35.7 percent , more than three times the rate in the 1980 - 2000 period celebrated by Mr. Siebel .
Declining growth rates over time are to be expected , Mr. Greenstein said .
After all , it does n’t take many sales to show huge percentage gains when the base is small .
TIMOTHY BRESNAHAN , a Stanford economist , similarly does not accept Mr. Siebel ’s contention that the decline in growth rates this decade , which encompasses two recessions , signals a permanent end to I.T. ’s record of growing faster than the larger economy .
“ It is early days to say the game is over , ” he said .
Sometimes you just can't make this stuff up .
From what deranged mind comes the idea of painting a Ferrari 599 solid gold and then polishing it until it shines ?
The answer is : From someone who wants ( or should we say needs pathologically ) to show off in the worst possible way .
And we do mean worst .
What scares us most is that it could actually be proper gilding .
You know , the kind they do with sheets of real gold leaf .
Oh dear .
PREVIOUS HEINOUSNESS :
2006 Bugatti Veyron , Halloween Edition
BMW Z4 Biplane
2009 ferrari 599 gtb hgte package 016
[//www.thecarconnection.com from @ 360 fromtheedge via @ MickiMaynard with contribution from @ RayWert ]
Success !
Professor Ian Plimer , author of the book Heaven and Earth , is the new champion of the climate change deniers .
After I wrote an article attacking his claims , he challenged me to a public debate .
Last week I told him that I would accept his challenge as long as he accepted mine .
I would take part in a face - to - face debate with him as long as he agreed to write precise and specific responses to his critics ' points - in the form of numbered questions that I would send him - for publication on the Guardian 's website .
Plimer rejected my challenge .
I wrote an article accusing him of cowardice .
I sent him the URL in the hope that it would provoke him into changing his mind .
It worked .
He wrote back , suggesting that he would now answer my questions .
So here 's the letter I 've just sent him .
If Plimer answers them and accepts my condition that we can cross - examine each other , we will move on to his challenge - a face - to - face debate .
Let battle commence !
Dear Ian ,
I am delighted to hear that you have reconsidered your position , and that you are now prepared to engage with me in writing .
Here are my questions .
Please answer without resort to bluff or bluster .
I am looking for precise and specific responses , with references attached .
There are dozens of grave concerns raised by scientists about alleged false claims , misrepresentations and distortions in your book Heaven and Earth .
Were I to try to represent them all , this post would run to many pages .
So I have chosen just a few .
The criteria I have used are as follows :
- These statements are either right or wrong , sourced or unsourced .
- They are critical to your argument .
If they turn out to be false , they torpedo your thesis .
- If your claims are correct , you should be able to answer my questions briefly and easily .
For a fuller list of the alleged falsehoods and distortions your book contains , please see the critiques by
Tim Lambert , Ian Enting , Barry Brook , Michael Ashley , David Karoly and Kurt Lambeck .
Once you have given clear and precise answers to these questions , we can confirm the date of our face - to - face debate .
1 . The first graph in your book ( Figure 1 , page 11 ) shows global temperatures , as measured by the Hadley Centre ( HadCRUT ) , falling by 0.3C between 2007 and 2008 .
In reality the fall recorded by the HadCRUT3 data series is 0.089C .
How do you explain the discrepancy between the HadCRUT3 figure and your claim ?
2. Figure 3 ( page 25 ) is a graph purporting to show that most of the warming in the 20th Century took place before 1945 , and was followed by a period of sharp cooling .
You cite no source for it , but it closely resembles the global temperature graph in the first edition of Martin Durkin 's film The Great Global Warming Swindle .
Durkin later changed the graph after it was shown to have been distorted by extending the timeline .
In your book it remains unchanged .
Tim Lambert has reproduced the graph here .
a . What is the source for the graph you used ?
b. Where was it first published ?
c. Whose figures does it use ?
d . How do you explain the alteration of both the curves and the timeline ?
3 . You maintain that :
" the last two years of global cooling have erased nearly thirty years of temperature increase . "
( page 25 )
Again you do not provide a reference .
As you can see here , the Met Office HadCRUT3 series shows that this claim is untrue .
a . Please give the source for your claim .
b. How do you reconcile it with the published data ?
4 . In your discussion of global temperature trends , you maintain that :
" NASA now states that [ … ] the warmest year was 1934 . " ( p99 )
a . Are you aware that this applies only to the United States ?
b. Was this a mistake or did you deliberately confuse these two datasets ?
5 . Discussing climate trends in the Arctic , you state that :
" the sea ice has expanded " ( p198 ) .
Again , you give no reference .
a . Please give a source for this claim .
b. How do you explain the discrepancy between this claim and the published data ?
6 . You state that :
" If the current atmospheric CO2 content of 380 ppmv were doubled to 760 ppmv [ … ] [ a ] n increase of 0.5C is likely " ( p366 ) .
Again you give no source .
Please provide a reference for this claim .
7 . You claim that :
" About 98 % of the greenhouse effect in the atmosphere is due to water vapour . " ( p370 ) .
Ian Enting says :
" In some cases the numbers given by Plimer are exaggerated to such an extent as to imply that without water vapour , Earth 's temperature would be below absolute zero - a physical impossibility . "
He explains this as follows .
You state :
" The Earth has an average surface temperature of about 15C [ … ]
If the atmosphere had no CO2 , far more heat would be lost from Earth and the average surface temperature would be - 3C . " ( p366 )
Enting says :
" The implication of attributing 18C of warming to CO2 while saying [ … ]
' About 98 % of the greenhouse effect in the atmosphere is due to water vapour ' is to imply that in the absence of CO2 and H2O , the temperature would be 900C lower , i.e. well below the physical limit of absolute zero . "
Again you give no source .
a . Please provide a reference for your claim about water vapour .
b. Please explain how your two statements ( 98 % of the greenhouse effect is caused by water vapour and 18C can be attributed to CO2 ) can both be true .
8 . You cite a paper by Charles F Keller as the source of your claim that :
" satellites and radiosondes show that there is no global warming . " ( p382 )
This is what the paper says :
" The big news [ is ] the collapse of the climate critics ' last real bastion , namely that satellites and radiosondes show no significant warming in the past quarter century .
Figuratively speaking , this was the center pole that held up the critics ' entire " tent . "
Their argument was that , if there had been little warming in the past 25 years or so , then what warming was observed would have been within the range of natural variations with solar forcing as the major player .
Further , the models would have been shown to be unreliable since they were predicting warming that was not happening .
But now both satellite and in - situ radiosonde observations have been shown to corroborate both the surface observations of warming and the model predictions . "
a . How did you manage to reverse the findings of this paper ?
b. Was it a mistake or was it deliberate misrepresentation ?
9 . You state :
" The Hadley Centre in the UK has shown that warming stopped in 1998 " ( p391 ) .
Again you produce no reference .
This is what the Hadley Centre says :
" The evidence is clear – the long - term trend is that global temperatures are rising , and humans are largely responsible for this rise .
Global warming does not mean that each year will be warmer than the last .
Natural phenomena will mean that some years will be much warmer and others cooler .
You only need to look at 1998 to see a record - breaking warm year caused by a very strong El Niño .
In the last couple of years , the underlying warming is partially masked caused by a strong La Niña .
Despite this , 11 of the last 13 years were the warmest ever recorded . [… ]
Over the last ten years , global temperatures have warmed more slowly than the long - term trend .
But this does not mean that global warming has slowed down or even stopped .
It is entirely consistent with our understanding of natural fluctuations of the climate within a trend of continued long - term warming . "
a . Please give a reference for your claim .
b. How do you explain the discrepancy between your account of what the Hadley Centre says and theirs ?
10 .
You state that :
" Volcanoes produce more CO2 than the world 's cars and industries combined . " ( p413 )
This is similar to the claim in The Great Global Warming Swindle , whose narrator maintained that :
" Volcanoes produce more CO2 each year than all the factories and cars and planes and other sources of man-made carbon dioxide put together . "
But you do not provide a source for it .
This is what the US Geological Survey says :
" Human activities release more than 130 times the amount of CO2 emitted by volcanoes " .
a . Please provide a reference for your claim .
b. How do you explain the discrepancy between this claim and the published data ?
11 . You maintain that :
" termite methane emissions are 20 times potent than human CO2 emissions " .
( p472 )
Please provide a source for this claim .
Thank you ,
Yours Sincerely ,
George Monbiot
On July 12 , 2009 , the Iranian news agency ISNA published a letter written by Iranian chief of staff Hassan Firouzabadi to the Hidden Imam ( the Shi'ite messiah , also called the Mahdi ) .
In his letter , Firouzabadi depicts the post-election protests as a conspiracy against the Iranian regime by the West and the reformists in Iran .
He also rejects accusations of Basij brutality , saying that the group did not act against the Iranian people in suppressing the protests , but rather tried to protect them .
He concludes by urging the Hidden Imam to come speedily and launch a worldwide Islamic revolution .
Following are excerpts from the letter : [ 1 ]
" O Lord of Time [ 2 ] , peace be upon you ... I wish to speak to you once again ... [ In 1979 , ] as the celebrations and rejoicing over the Islamic Revolution still reverberated [ in the streets ] , America , the West , as well as the [ Iranian ] infidel parties on orders from their masters , [ were already hastening ] to turn every corner of Iran - including Kurdistan , Gonabad , Khuzestan , Amol and Tehran - into arenas of brutal psychological warfare and hotspots of secessionism , essentially striving to annihilate the Islamic Revolution and [ its ] regime ...
" [ Today ] another round has begun in the cultural attack [ on Iran ] ...
In the current round , some of those involved [ meaning Mousavi and his supporters ] turned their backs on the glorious past of the [ Islamic ]
Revolution , and wished to join Uncle Sam , thereby bringing shame upon the sacrifice and istishhad of our nation .
They wished to launch a dialogue with those who attack the rights of the free [ peoples ] and condemn and assault the values of the [ Islamic ]
Revolution , [ i.e. those who attack ] freedom , the Imam [ Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini ] , the rule of the jurisprudent , and the clerics ...
" Those [ Iranians ] who constantly spoke of tolerance towards the dissidents , chanting [ pluralistic ] slogans like ' long live those who oppose me , ' [ actually ] wanted the Basij philosophy dead .
The essence of the reforms that they wanted was to eliminate the Basij and its philosophy ...
They targeted the very foundations of the regime , viewing the Basij , and all the revolutionaries and believing [ Muslims ] in the nation , as an obstacle in their path .
They brought about a catastrophe , harmed [ the regime ] and violated its sanctity , started fires , and fanned the enemy 's hope .
They blamed the Basij for crimes that they themselves had committed [ a reference to allegations of Basij brutality during the suppression of the protests ] ...
" When the Arrogance [ i.e. the U.S. ] saw its hope of toppling the regime dwindle , it mobilized the anti-Basij front , composed of old anti-revolutionary [ Iranian ] forces and fragments of [ groups ] that had been disbanded , whose common denominator is hostility towards the Basij and its philosophy , and towards [ Iran 's ] national awakening .
" This front began its war , orchestrated by [ the West ] , under the guise of [ participation in ] the presidential elections .
When it failed to win , thanks to the praiseworthy participation of 40 million voters , it became enraged , and instigated a bitter civil war .
This civil war , which from the outside looked like a ' velvet revolution ' but from the inside was harsh and brutal , targeted the culture and people of my homeland .
" [ O Hidden Imam ] , you are my witness that [ the members of ] the armed forces and the Basij regarded all the [ presidential ] candidates as [ honest ] revolutionaries , and [ some of them ] voted for [ these candidates ] ... , as did [ other ]
Iranians , according to the dictates of their conscience .
Despite this , you witnessed the curses and accusations that [ these presidential candidates ] hurled at us .
They harmed the people 's security , and when we stood up to defend the people , they called us dictators and tried to disgrace us ...
" Dearest Mahdi , we have taught our children and our grandchildren to await your arrival , and to raise the banner of this holy regime until you do ...
O lord , please beseech God , as we do , that the Islamic Revolution take root alongside the worldwide revolution that you [ will bring ] ...
" Awaiting your arrival ,
Hassan Firouzabadi . "
Endnotes :
[ 1 ] ISNA ( Iran ) , July 12 , 2009 .
[ 2 ]
One of the names of the Hidden Imam .
" Lie detectors are bullshit ! "
" Supposedly , lie detectors are both accurate and humane , and used properly , very sexy ! "
Mike and Chrissy
Polygraph operator Larry Dipaolo
Doug Williams
AntiPolygraph.org co-founder George Maschke
Alan P. Zelicoff , M.D .
Aldrich Ames and Gary Ridgway passed the polygraph .
Doug Williams explains how to produce reactions at will .
On Thursday , 23 July , Showtime aired an episode of the Emmy Award - winning series Penn & Teller Bullshit ! dedicated to the bullshit of lie detectors .
As a long - time fan of the show , and I was delighted when I was contacted by the show 's producers late last year to talk about polygraphs .
A film crew came to my home for an interview .
I 'm very pleased with the way the episode turned out .
While there is much more that could have been said about polygraphy , I think the show did a fine job of debunking polygraphy in an entertaining fashion .
Here are some highlights from the episode :
No explanation was provided for why the woman strapped to the lie detector in this vignette is dressed in a Wonder Woman outfit with bondage fetish paraphernalia .
It 's an allusion to the fact that the creator of the lie detector , William Moulton Marston , also created the comic book charater Wonder Woman , whose magic lasso compels those encoiled by it to speak nothing but the truth .
Marston , who lived in a ménage à trois with his wife and mistress , was fascinated by sado - masochistic sorority hazing rituals .
It 's worth noting that the FBI considered Marston to be a phony and a crackpot
The episode 's central storyline follows the saga of Mike and Chrissy .
Mike has proposed marriage to Chrissy , but she has doubts over his fidelity to her .
She wants him to take a polygraph test before she 'll agree to marry him .
The polygraph examination is conducted in the office of polygrapher Larry Dipaolo .
Mike fails , and Dipaolo proceeds to spin minor admissions into a full - fledged confession to " inappropriate sexual conduct .
" Former police polygrapher Doug Williams explains that the polygraph isa lie detector , that it is based on a faulty premise , and talks at length about the ruses that polygraphers use to interrogate suspects .
I'm introduced as an example of a person who has suffered career harm as a result of governmental reliance on polygraphy .
I discuss my experience with the FBI polygraph .
For more about that experience , see my statement , " Too Hot of a Potato : A Citizen - Soldier 's Encounter With the Polygraph . "
Dr. Alan Zelicoff , who headed a research review ( 125 kb PDF ) by senior scientists at Sandia National Laboratories , spoke about the scientific shortcomings of polygraphy .
Dr. Zelicoff explains that the polygraph is not only a worthless tool , but that it might bebecause it tends to misclassify truth - tellers as liars .
Nonetheless , the U.S. government has ignored the science on lie detectors and continues to force employees to submit to polygraph screening .
Penn & Teller cite Soviet spy Aldrich Hazen Ames and serial killer Gary Leon Ridgway ( A.K.A. " The Green River Killer " ) as prominent examples of liars who fooled the polygraph .
But you do n't have to be a sociopath to beat the lie detector .
Doug Williams explains how to artificially produce reactions by constricting one 's anal sphincter muscle and trains a volunteer how to fool a peak of tension test .
In what is for me the most memorable line of the show he quips : " A polygraph examiner is nothing but an asshole with a little training .
In order to beat this asshole with a little training , your asshole 's got to have a little training .
" The showgo into the intricacies of the polygraph " control question test " or CQT ( the most commonly used polygraph procedure ) .
An understanding of such procedure is critical for successful use of polygraph countermeasures , which may not only be used by liars trying to fool the polygraph , but also by truthful persons who want to protect themselves against the risk of a false positive outcome .
For more on polygraph validity ( or lack thereof ) , policy , procedure , and countermeasures ( including a discussion of techniques that may be preferable to the anal sphincter contraction ) , see AntiPolygraph.org 's free book , The Lie Behind the Lie Detector ( 1 mb PDF ) .
Harry and Lloyd are two good friends who happen to be really stupid .
The duo set out on a cross country trip from Providence to Aspen , Colorado to return a briefcase full of money to its rightful owner , a beautiful woman named Mary Swanson .
After a trip of one mishap after another , the duo eventually make it to Aspen .
But the two soon realize that Mary and her briefcase are the least of their problems .
Written by Sam
A recent 93 - page report on online education , conducted by SRI International for the Department of Education , has a starchy academic title , but a most intriguing conclusion : “ On average , students in online learning conditions performed better than those receiving face - to - face instruction . ”
Noah Berger for The New York Times
The report examined the comparative research on online versus traditional classroom teaching from 1996 to 2008 .
Some of it was in K - 12 settings , but most of the comparative studies were done in colleges and adult continuing - education programs of various kinds , from medical training to the military .
Over the 12 - year span , the report found 99 studies in which there were quantitative comparisons of online and classroom performance for the same courses .
The analysis for the Department of Education found that , on average , students doing some or all of the course online would rank in the 59th percentile in tested performance , compared with the average classroom student scoring in the 50th percentile .
That is a modest but statistically meaningful difference .
“ The study ’s major significance lies in demonstrating that online learning today is not just better than nothing — it actually tends to be better than conventional instruction , ” said Barbara Means , the study ’s lead author and an educational psychologist at SRI International .
This hardly means that we ’ll be saying good - bye to classrooms .
But the report does suggest that online education could be set to expand sharply over the next few years , as evidence mounts of its value .
Until fairly recently , online education amounted to little more than electronic versions of the old - line correspondence courses .
That has really changed with arrival of Web - based video , instant messaging and collaboration tools .
The real promise of online education , experts say , is providing learning experiences that are more tailored to individual students than is possible in classrooms .
That enables more “ learning by doing , ” which many students find more engaging and useful .
“ We are at an inflection point in online education , ” said Philip R. Regier , the dean of Arizona State University ’s Online and Extended Campus program .
The biggest near - term growth , Mr. Regier predicts , will be in continuing education programs .
Today , Arizona State has 5,000 students in its continuing education programs , both through in - person classes and online .
In three to five years , he estimates , that number could triple , with nearly all the growth coming online .
But Mr. Regier also thinks online education will continue to make further inroads in transforming college campuses as well .
Universities — and many K - 12 schools — now widely use online learning management systems , like Blackboard or the open - source Moodle .
But that is mostly for posting assignments , reading lists , and class schedules and hosting some Web discussion boards .
Mr. Regier sees things evolving fairly rapidly , accelerated by the increasing use of social networking technology .
More and more , students will help and teach each other , he said .
For example , it will be assumed that college students know the basics of calculus , and the classroom time will focus on applying the math to real - world problems — perhaps in exploring the physics of climate change or modeling trends in stock prices , he said .
“ The technology will be used to create learning communities among students in new ways , ” Mr. Regier said .
“ People are correct when they say online education will take things out the classroom .
But they are wrong , I think , when they assume it will make learning an independent , personal activity .
Learning has to occur in a community . ”
Richard Dawkins calls himself a “ cultural Christian , ” which for him is an unusually frank acknowledgment of the fact that the “ viral infection ” of religion may be comforting .
Indeed , as the BBC reported in December 2007 :
Prof .
Dawkins , who has frequently spoken out against creationism and religious fundamentalism , [ said ] , “ I ’m not one of those who wants to stop Christian traditions .
This is historically a Christian country .
I ’m a cultural Christian in the same way many of my friends call themselves cultural Jews or cultural Muslims .
So , yes , I like singing carols along with everybody else .
I ’m not one of those who wants to purge our society of our Christian history . ”
Few atheists are willing to admit that they ’re borrowing ethical and aesthetic cultural traditions from religion while others , like atheist philosopher Richard Rorty and ethicist Peter Singer , have tried to avoid all assumptions of religious moral norms in their writing .
Most atheists cop out , as did Sam Harris in his 2004 bestseller The End of Faith , topping his slam on religion with a helping of sophomoric , religious - sounding whine .
To paraphrase : I know we all need meaning .
So hey , how about we embrace a sort of secularized Eastern mysticism to help get us through the night , you know , being that hard - edged secular Truth is , well , absolutely true and all , but it hurts our feelings , being as it ’s sort of like , you know , depressing .
What Harris does n’t do is reexamine his atheistic ideas based on the fact that if he ’s right ( and in a raw , pure and absolutist form atheism is unpalatable to most people ) , then that might be an indication that there is something to all this “ religion stuff ” besides the temporary emotional analgesic he describes .
Maybe , if wanting meaning is the way people are , and we are part of nature , then those feelings — however they express themselves — might indicate something true about the reality of nature and the way it actually is , rather than just signaling an emotional need for religious therapy .
Or , as author and brilliant writer on evolutionary psychology Robert Wright puts it in his new book The Evolution of God , “ If history naturally pushes people toward moral improvement , toward moral truth , and their God , as they conceive their God , grows accordingly , becoming morally richer , then maybe this growth is evidence of some higher purpose , and maybe — conceivably — the source of that purpose is worthy of the name divinity . ”
The Problem with an “ Invented Vocabulary ” of Morality
As I said , one atheist who tried to bite the bullet in a way that Harris lacked the testicular fortitude to do was Richard Rorty .
Rorty argued that we make up morality .
He believed that bright people are “ ironists ” who understand that we know nothing except our own “ vocabularies . ”
He said that morality is merely “ the language games of one ’s time . ”
Rorty was the grandson of Walter Rauschenbusch , a theologian , Baptist minister , and leader in what was called the Social Gospel movement of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
So Rorty ’s nihilism is nihilism with a twist of religious awareness .
Rorty is clear about his legacy from the Social Gospel / theological liberalism of his grandfather .
Maybe that ’s why he brings a bare - knuckle honesty to his work that , by comparison , makes Harris seem positively wimpy .
In Rorty and his Critics , Rorty writes :
The fundamentalist parents of our fundamentalist students think that the entire “ American liberal establishment ” is engaged in a conspiracy .
The parents have a point …
[ W ]e do our best to convince these students of the benefits of secularization .
We assign first - person accounts of growing up homosexual to our homophobic students for the same reasons that German schoolteachers in the postwar period assigned The Diary of Anne Frank …
So we are going to go right on trying to discredit you in the eyes of your children , trying to strip your fundamentalist religious community of dignity , trying to make your views seem silly rather than discussable .
I am just as provincial as the Nazi teachers who made their students read Der Stürmer ; the only difference is that I serve a better cause .
Rorty was honest enough to admit that he had problems with selling his idea of an individually invented moral vocabulary because no society raises children “ to make them continually dubious , ” as he said .
So he wrote that “ ironists ” like himself should keep their views secret or at least separate their “ public and private vocabularies . ”
In other words , Rorty admitted that his ideas had to be lied about in order to succeed , because the way people actually are does not correspond to his stark atheist philosophy .
Then there is Princeton professor , atheist , and bioethicist Peter Singer .
Singer also tried to invent an ethic with no nostalgic nod to religion , especially not toward Judaism or Christianity ’s sanctity - of - life beliefs .
He has said that some defective children should be destroyed during a trial period after their births .
Similar to his argument for abortion , Singer argues in his Practical Ethics , ( 2nd edition , 1993 ) that newborns lack the characteristics of personhood ( “ rationality , autonomy , and self - consciousness ” ) and that therefore “ killing a newborn baby is never equivalent to killing a person , that is , a being who wants to go on living . ”
In Germany , his positions have been compared to the Nazis , and his lectures have been disrupted all over the world by groups representing the handicapped .
According to my friend Angela Creager ( one of Singer ’s colleagues and a professor of the history of science at Princeton ) , Singer is a kind man moved by compassion .
Nevertheless , he seems not to understand how his ideas strike others ; for instance , as evidenced by his protesters , people with disabilities .
Singer gets upset when commentators compare his proposals to Nazism , because his family lost people in the Holocaust .
Singer ’s objections do n’t seem reasonable to me .
As Michael Burleigh , a leading historian of the Third Reich , has pointed out in a commentary on Singer ’s work , eliminating defectives in pre-Nazi Germany was exactly what opened the door to the Holocaust .
In his book Confronting the Nazi Past , Burleigh writes , “ Singer omits to mention that one of the essential elements of [ Nazi ] propaganda was the denial of personality to their victims . ”
He adds that Singer is “ displaying remarkable naiveté ” when he suggests that the choices that would have to be made in evaluating a prospective defective for elimination would be in trustworthy hands if doctors were in charge .
Burleigh notes that the Nazi euthanasia program was led by scientists and psychiatrists , people drawn from the best - educated and most “ civilized ” ranks of a sophisticated secular medical class not too different from the academic class Singer himself belongs to .
Atheists say that morality is n’t derived only from religion .
I think they ’re right .
But they seem to have problems when deciding the limits of what is permissible under the rules of their “ invented vocabulary ” of morality à la Rorty and Singer .
Maybe the point is that religion is derived from morality .
( I explore this in my forthcoming book Patience With God : Faith For People Who Do n’t Like Religion — Or Atheism . )
I ’m guessing that morality predates religion .
We all act as if that ’s the case .
We do n’t have long theological debates about , say , incest or wife abuse as though the jury is still out on what is wrong or that our sense of the matter depends on Bible verses .
We evolved ideas that make life easier and less chaotic , as in : I do n’t want to be clubbed in my sleep so let ’s all agree that clubbing people in their sleep is wrong !
Those ideas , including parents not taking kindly to “ experts ” telling them what they should do about their “ defective ” child , might be a reflection of the character of God .
If there is no God , or if He does n’t care about us , then our common morality is still the result of practical , reality - based needs , which also “ teach ” that a good life depends on the “ Do unto others … ” ethic .
Either way , morality is a lot more than an individual ’s invented vocabulary , and Singer ’s ethic seems monstrous to many people for the same reason that George W. Bush ’s torturing prisoners in the name of national security was a threat to us all .
I Want My Attorney and My Wife to Believe in God
How individuals are treated affects everyone .
Ideas such as Singer ’s and George W. Bush ’s have consequences .
There may indeed be babies born who’d be “ better off ” killed , or prisoners who “ deserve ” to be waterboarded or punched and exposed to hunger , cold , and snarling dogs .
But the rest of us are n’t better off when morality becomes a function of expediency , be that in the name of national security or of “ sensibly ” getting rid of the need for all those expensive ramps for the disabled by getting rid of the disabled themselves at birth .
Who decides who ’s next ?
Do you trust an academic ethicist like Singer to make life - and - death judgments when he ’s so far removed from reality that he gets hurt feelings when his seminars are picketed by people in wheelchairs ( the very sorts of human beings that Singer says might have been better off being killed at birth ) ?
Should a Darth Vader figure like former Vice President Dick Cheney be kept handy to decide when torture is “ okay ” ?
Is national security worth preserving if it entails turning our country into a police state ?
Do atheists really believe that morality does n’t exist just because it ca n’t be put under a microscope ?
Do any atheists claim that ( and , far more tellingly , live as though ) moral propositions have no objective value ?
If Singer finds himself on a planet where disabled people are the norm and he is a minority of one , will he gladly entrust himself to a panel of experts to decide his fate as , in that context , an “ abnormal ” person ?
If Rorty had not been paid the royalties generated by the sale of his books , would he have failed to take his publishers to court had his editor argued that in the “ invented moral vocabulary ” of publishing , they ’d just changed the rules of accounting ?
For that matter , when Singer gets his feelings hurt by outraged disabled people who compare him to the Nazis , is n’t that a tacit admission that there is a right way and a wrong way to treat people , including Australian ethicist / Princeton professors who feel that their benign intentions are being misrepresented ?
And what if the New Atheist agenda succeeded beyond Dawkins and his followers ’ wildest dreams ?
Would everything work out perfectly ?
For instance , what would happen to the environmentalist movement ?
The appeal of the environmentalist movement is handily compatible with the idea of stewardship .
Maybe that appeal works because a sense of stewardship and a sense of the sacred in Nature are intrinsic to our natures , a part of the divine revelation we are gradually developing a capacity to experience .
Watch any TV program on the wonders of life on Earth .
Even if there is no religious content , the tone is reverential and a sense of the sacred permeates the hushed narration .
Why ?
A lot more motivation can be inspired by maintaining that one may do God ’s will by conserving the earth than by telling people that their lives mean nothing in an ultimate sense , that they are slaves to their genes , conditioning , and evolutionary quirks — but , oh , by the way , they should sacrifice their comforts to save the planet for equally meaningless and deluded future gene rations that they ’ll never meet .
Or , as atheist apologist , Princeton University professor , and molecular biologist Lee M. Silver writes ( in Challenging Nature : The Clash of Science and Spirituality at the New Frontier of Life ) about the question of life having meaning and therefore a point : “ I have yet to hear a good answer , other than there is no point . ”
Now that will really fire people up to make sacrifices !
It seems to me the New Atheists have it wrong .
If you deprive people of the solace of faith in a moral system of meaningful connection with something bigger than themselves , and bigger than mere connection to many other “ meaningless ” people , you are n’t just stripping away window dressing , but demolishing the supporting structure of a happy life .
As I said , I think that Harris tacitly admits this by appending his squishy ending to his otherwise hard - nosed book .
Atheists , too , depend on some form of spirituality for happiness .
Why else do you think that Dawkins ’ zeal can only be described as religious , and his followers as disciples ?
Maybe it ’s because the need for meaning wo n’t be denied , even by people who gather to do just that .
Even one of the most church - hating fathers of the Enlightenment , Voltaire , to whom Christianity was an “ infamy , ” found the influence of faith , and of Christianity in particular , useful : “ I want my attorney , my tailor , my servants , even my wife to believe in God , ” he wrote , because “ then I shall be robbed and cuckolded less often . ”
My beef with the New Atheists and with religious fundamentalists is that their ideas just do n’t seem aesthetically pleasing or imbued with the poetry that I experience in real life .
Ideas about life are too small .
Life trumps description , just as what some severely disabled people actually grow up to do and be trumps sage theories on whose life is “ worthy to be lived . ”
Is Dawkins correct when he says religious people appeal to mystery as a cop-out ?
Are unnamed things meaningless ?
Do we have to understand something in order to experience it ?
I do n’t think so .
At a news industry conference the other day , there was a spirited discussion of covering important foreign news versus the stuff that people actually want to watch or read .
The Observer included this exchange on a panel between Ann Curry of NBC , who has been heroic at covering everything from Darfur to Iran , and Rick Sanchez of CNN :
“ Let me come clean with you guys , and let ’s not pretend that we ’re talking to children , ” Mr. Sanchez said .
“ If today , Britney Spears is caught shoplifting topless , I ’m making this up by the way , and we do n’t do it … ”
Ms. Curry interjected , her lips pursed at her microphone : “ I ’m not doing the interview and I ’m not doing it . ” Mr. Sanchez talked over her .
“ But I guarantee you , normally , they will have a million viewers to our 20,000 if we decide we ’re going for Darfur . ”
“ Some things you ’ve gotta do , ” Ms. Curry said .
Ann Curry has actually been amazingly good at telling the story of Darfur so engagingly that it seems as compelling as Britney Spears shoplifting topless .
But it ’s an uphill struggle .
The Iran story is a reflection of the declining state of international coverage by the world ’s media .
There are far fewer reporters than there would have been a half - dozen years ago , because it ’s expensive .
Much cheaper to have a Democrat and a Republican in a studio yelling at each other .
Twitter has been all over CNN for not providing more coverage , but at least it has a correspondent there in the thick of it .
In contrast , Fox News is all over another protest story — Sarah Palin ’s family vs. David Letterman .
I hope that Fox will get trounced in the ratings for focusing on the cheap , meaningless story as it ignores history in the making , but I doubt it .
For now , I ’m just grateful that enough network and news executives see journalism as a responsibility , and not just a business model .
And I think ordinary citizens can needle news organization that ignore the news , and thank those that cover it , as one way to make a bit of difference .
UPDATE : Some readers have suggested an excellent compromise .
We in the news media should be much more aggressive about covering Britney Spears , for example , whenever she shoplifts topless in Darfur or Burma !
Users engage with the internal site search to find products , content etc. and failing to provide a good search experience can result in lost conversions , sales , and ultimately non-returning customers .
Major websites prefer optimization for external search engines like Google , Yahoo , Baidu etc. We …
Is that everything ?
The Human Ingredients t- shirt , brought to you by our friends at MySoti .
The world of photojournalism is in a state of flux .
In recent times , two of the industry 's most respected agencies have run into trouble .
Last week , the financial problems at the Gamma photo agency in Paris came to light and another one - time giant of the industry , Sygma , also closed its doors to new photographers a few years ago following its acquisition by Corbis .
The Sygma collection did not die , and in May , Corbis opened the Sygma Preservation and Access Facility , the culmination of four years ' work to ensure that the archive 's 50 million objects from the second half of the 20th Century are preserved .
This is of course good news for the many photographers whose work is now being made available , which indeed is being archived , and which will help future generations to understand the period .
But the big issue is , of course : how to make it pay ?
And what of photojournalism today ?
I put a series of questions to a number of people in the industry .
They are :
• Anil Ramchand , Director of News , Sports & Entertainment at Corbis , one of the big players in the market
• John Harris , who runs Report Digital , an independent UK - based agency that covers both breaking news and features
• multi-award winning photographer Jeff Moore , who is currently the Chairman of the British Press Photographers Association ( BPPA )
• Daniel Cuthbert , a freelance photographer based in South Africa who is studying for an MA in Photojournalism and Documentary Photography at the London College of Communication ( LCC )
What is the state of the photojournalism market ?
Anil Ramchand ( Corbis ) :
" The photojournalism market remains relatively healthy , particularly if you include celebrity imagery .
While newspapers and magazine circulations are in decline , mass media in general are becoming increasingly visual .
Photos are playing a bigger role in newspapers , magazines and particularly online , where news sites frequently feature extensive galleries of imagery .
" Prices for news and archival imagery are coming down in general , but volumes are increasing significantly with more photo use online .
" While prices for creative imagery - used for advertising and marketing - are declining quite a bit because of a flood in supply from semi- professionals using new digital technology , the prices for editorial imagery are more stable .
" This is because it generally requires travelling to where the news is , having special access to a location , or finding the imagery in an archive .
Therefore , it 's more difficult or impossible for amateurs or semi-professionals to reproduce quality editorial imagery . "
John Harris ( Report Digital ) :
" While there are still some stunning pictures being made , the business model undermines the content . "
Jeff Moore ( Photographer ) :
" I do n't think there is any real market any more .
If I want to shoot a project , I have to do it as a personal one and hope over time I may cover my expenses .
" Recently a good friend who is pretty well - known in the business went around to various magazines with an idea for a news story .
Most of them liked it , but lost interest when they found out there were n't any celebs involved . "
Daniel Cuthbert ( Photographer ) :
" For me , it 's really tough .
Going out and producing work that publications want to purchase and publish is proving harder .
Just yesterday , I was told that a very large newspaper here in South Africa did n't really think a story about ongoing abuses in Burma was newsworthy .
The cost of going out to shoot stories , be it locally or internationally versus the remuneration from publications is n't making it any easier .
" This does affect how I choose stories .
Yes , the romantic idea of going somewhere amazing and producing a story for the love of it still comes to mind , but in reality you need to look at surviving and supporting yourself and family . "
What is the future of photo agencies in general ?
John Harris ( Report Digital ) :
" The difficulty is that the increasing monopolisation by acquisition or aggregating content [ means ] that the competition for market share is leading to unsustainably low prices and low earnings for the photographers who have been unable to resist , so far , the devaluation of their work .
" Looked at from a customer point of view , this will lead to a lack of choice and depth .
It will also continue the trend of loss making for these mega agencies and libraries . "
Anil Ramchand ( Corbis ) :
" Photo agencies are following the rest of the world and the media industry , in particular to the web .
It is at the same time coping with a massive rise in supply that is depressing prices in some segments .
The future of the agencies will depend on great imagery being available quickly , simply and at the right price to customers online .
Prized pictures will still be rewarded , but increasingly the focus is on volume of images that media can provide their readers simply and quickly . "
Jeff Moore ( Photographer ) :
" I think we are going to lose a lot of them over next few years as no - one pays any money anymore . "
What is the future of independent photo agencies ?
Anil Ramchand ( Corbis ) :
" Large media companies are increasingly consolidating their business with photo libraries that can meet all of their image needs .
This will make it more challenging for all but the most innovative independent photo agencies . "
Jeff Moore ( Photographer ) :
" It 's a real shame as I think lots of small local agencies are going to go bust , and we are going to get less and less news that 's not from PR handouts .
I 've noticed a massive upsurge in soft features : dogs dressed up , bubble blowing , all that sort of thing , and less real news or photojournalism . "
How have these developments affected young , up - and - coming photojournalists breaking into the business ?
Daniel Cuthbert : ( Photographer ) :
" I think you need to have more of a business head than ever before in order to be a photojournalist today .
With dwindling day rates and overall money in the business , unless you have a secure financial foundation , breaking into photojournalism is as hard as ever .
Everyone I speak to , seasoned photojournalists with years of experience , are all struggling to find work .
These factors play against anyone that 's new , so they end up taking risks and sometimes getting into trouble doing so .
" While that might mean that times are harder , it also means you have to produce work that really sets you apart from others .
Gone are the easy days , which is n't a bad thing in my mind .
Picture editors are faced with dilemmas about paying a photographer X - amount - per - day - plus - expenses over using a cheaper image from the wire or agency .
" For me , studying my MA in Photojournalism and Documentary photography at the LCC has been a big help .
You are surrounded by experienced people who are there to guide you in making this a career path .
That information and experience is hopefully making me a better photojournalist , one that will be able to weather this current storm . "
Anil Ramchand ( Corbis ) :
" There still are a lot of young people wanting to craft a career in photojournalism .
The enthusiasm is still there .
It has never been easier for these individuals to remain independent and secure assignments on their own rather than rely on an agency for work .
Journalism is being consumed in a variety of ways that are easily accessible to both the producer and the consumer .
For the journalist , it has become pretty necessary to be aware of developments in technology , and it 's useful to acquire multimedia skill sets . "
Jeff Moore ( Photographer ) :
" Photojournalism - or press photography , as I prefer to call it - is still very important and many young people are trying to break in to the industry .
This tends to mean they take underpaid jobs to start with , then realise there 's no way of moving up the ladder .
" Colleges are turning out hundreds of students every year for very few , or no jobs .
It 's very sad .
I think the industry as a whole should act together right now to try and save itself before there 's nothing left . "
John Harris ( Report Digital ) :
" I feel really sorry for anybody wanting to find a career as a photographer in these circumstances . "
Who takes the hard news photos now ?
Anil Ramchand ( Corbis ) :
" The majority of hard news photos are now taken by breaking news agencies including Reuters , AP , and EPA .
Corbis partners with Reuters and EPA to provide clients with the latest current events photos .
There are several small photo agencies that are still relevant and sometimes have the freedom to develop longer lead stories . "
John Harris ( Report Digital ) :
" Much is made of the amateur input that digital technology has enabled .
While this will produce an occasional important image this is more to do with people like the BBC getting content for free - and of course there are ethical issues with that and other aspects of this use .
" We can look forward to most photojournalism being supplied as part of a subscription service by the big two or three .
As this becomes increasingly unsatisfactory , opportunities will arise for independent producers and those who actually have something to say ! "
Jeff Moore ( Photographer ) :
" I think it is pretty much the same photo agencies that always have done .
Of course citizen journalism now plays a big part , mainly due to the fact that the media are denied access to most big news stories and 7/7 is very good example of this .
But I genuinely believe there is no better way to tell a story than a well - crafted photograph by a good news photographer .
" People do not remember TV footage , or grainy grabs off CCTV cameras , but a great photograph stays with us , and becomes part of our collective memory and helps truly define real events . "
Lots to think about .
I 'll be exploring some of these issues in future posts and I 'm keen to know your views - as ever , please use the comment box below .
Our source with ties to Stuttgart tells us next year to expect a limited edition Porsche 911 C4S - based widebody Supersport , complete with duck - tail spoiler and double bubble roof .
Advertisement
This rumor , may be loosely confirmed by a second source — if we 're counting a TeamSpeed forum post stating the same bits of information we 've received .
While not as hardcore as the GT3 or GT3 RS , the Carrera Supersport will retain the same C4S - based widebody , but will be considered a grand touring car rather more so than the aforementioned brightly colored track rats .
We currently know that it will feature Fuchs - style wheels , a double bubble roof , a ducktail spoiler and will feature a primer gray colored paint job .
The interior will feature a retro throwback brown leather interior .
No power numbers have been given at this point , but we can expect the very limited edition Supersport will empty your wallet by about £ 135,000 ( $ 222,223 USD ) .
We 're lazy fixing our plumbing problems , so expect more information as it leaks out over the next couple months .
[ TeamSpeed ]
During the pandemic , Copenhageners could still go out , although most shops were closed .
The bicycle ...
For the full photographic glory and the rest of the ...
4 months ago
August 28 , 2009
Jack Kirby , The King of Comics , Would Have Been 92 Years Old Today
Jack Kirby , the mighty heart of the American comic book industry , would have been 92 years old today .
Below is a tiny , even insignificant sample of his awesome image - making power , many of which were culled from around the Internet , for your ruminative and reflective pleasure .
Long live the King .*****
: an excessive development of fat on the buttocks that occurs chiefly among women of some African peoples and especially the Khoisan
Pen pals : Giraffe and goat form unlikely friendship when kept in same enclosure
They 'll always have a very different outlook on life .
But even though Gerald the giraffe is rather lofty and Eddie the goat is more down to earth , they are the perfect pairing .
They have formed an unlikely bond after Eddie was placed with 15ft Gerald as a short - term solution to keep the giraffe company at Noah 's Ark Zoo Farm in Bristol .
Four - legged friends :
Gerald the giraffe and Eddie the goat became inseperable after keepers placed them in the same enclosure at Noah 's Ark Zoo Farm in Bristol three years ago
Three years on the pair are as close as ever .
Keeper Sammi Luxa said : ' They hit it off straight away , and Eddie has proved to be a great companion for Gerald .
' They bonded from day one and you can always see them running around the enclosure chasing each other .
' They are a real hit with our visitors - outside of the zoo nobody has ever seen anything like this before .
We just thought it was normal for a giraffe and a goat to get along so well .
' Although Gerald eats off a raised platform and Eddie grazes from the floor , they like to be close to each other when they eat .
' Gerald even lets Eddie get his nose in the trough first .
Affectionate :
The unlikely friends bonded instantly and share bedding , play together , and even cuddle
' They are always together and they really are best mates despite the obvious height difference .
' One of the zebras they live with called Zebedee can be a bit of a bully sometimes and often chases Eddie .
' But he soon turns tail when Gerald steps in a shoos him away - he is a very loyal giraffe to Eddie . '
Gerald arrived at the zoo as a two - year - old in 2006 and was expected to be quickly matched with a female .
But when the zoo found it difficult to find him a mate , they put Eddie in his enclosure to prevent him becoming lonely .
Table manners : Gerald and Eddie like to be close to each other when they eat .
The giraffe even lets his friend get his nose in the trough first
Ms Luxa told how the pair are often affectionate with each other , particularly during the Summer months .
She said : ' When it is warmer Gerald often bends down and licks Eddie on the head .
' Eddie then climbs onto Gerald 's neck and gives him a cuddle .
' Whenever the public come and visit the animals , the pair always go to see them together .
' It would be good if we can get a female giraffe for Gerald but there can be a lot of red tape to get through .
We already knew he was using “ rendition - lite , ” where instead of capturing detainees and then transferring them to foreign agents , U.S. intel would lead those agents to the suspect and let them make the bust themselves .
Looks like we ’re going to drop the “ lite ” now and go with the supersized version .
Rest assured , though , there wo n’t be any torturing done .
Would shadowy foreign operatives lie ?
The administration officials , who announced the changes on condition that they not be identified , said that unlike the Bush administration , they would give the State Department a larger role in assuring that transferred detainees would not be abused .
“ The emphasis will be on insuring that individuals will not face torture if they are sent over overseas , ” said one administration official , adding that no detainees will be sent to countries that are known to conduct abusive interrogations …
“ It is extremely disappointing that the Obama administration is continuing the Bush administration practice of relying on diplomatic assurances , which have been proven completely ineffective in preventing torture , ” said Amrit Singh of the American Civil Liberties Union , who tracked rendition cases under President George W. Bush .
She cited the case of Maher Arar , a Syrian - born Canadian sent in 2002 by the United States to Syria , which offered assurances against torture but beat Mr. Arar with electrical cable anyway .
The Obama task force proposed improved monitoring of treatment of prisoners sent to other countries , but Ms. Singh said the usual method of such monitoring — visits from American or allied consular officials — had also been ineffective .
A Canadian consular official visited Mr. Arar several times , but the prisoner was too frightened to tell him about the torture , according to a Canadian investigation of the case .
Stupid question :
Is n’t the whole point of rendition to apply pressure to a detainee that could n’t legally be applied in your own jurisdiction ?
If so , what ’s to be gained by sending them to countries that do n’t practice enhanced interrogation ?
Better to keep them here and let Obama ’s new A - team sweet - talk them , no ?
Maybe
The One wants rendered detainees to think they ’re in for a rougher time from foreign agents , whose intimidating reputation might be enough to soften them up .
But if that ’s the case , how is rendition substantially different from , say , the CIA ’s empty threat to harm Khaled Sheikh Mohammed ’s kids ?
If fear is torture , is n’t the mere threat of harsh treatment implicit in rendition a form of torture too ?
Meanwhile , in totally unrelated breaking news , Holder ’s set to appoint a special prosecutor for CIA interrogators who threatened detainees .
Exit question :
Does that explain why they ’re retaining rendition ?
After all the self - flagellation from the left about enhanced interrogation , now replete with the prospect of criminal charges against American intelligence , terrorists know perfectly well they have nothing to fear from being in U.S. custody .
Jordanian custody , however …
Bound Together Anarchist Collective Bookstore in San Francisco has invited PM Press author Lierre Keith to speak about her problematic , anti-vegan book on Saturday , June 13th .
" The Vegetarian Myth - Food , Justice & Sustainability " is riddled with issues -- personal , logical , and factual .
In the broadest strokes , the book is a fanciful , nostalgic ode to a time long gone , a time when people hunted and gathered all of their food , a time before humankind developed agriculture .
The cover art of the book itself speaks to this with its prehistoric drawings of various animals .
To her credit , though , Lierre Keith does correctly call out that modern agriculture , or agribusiness , is incredibly devastating to our natural environment .
Where she runs off the rails is with just about everything else in the book -- when she confuses her own psychology with that of every vegan or vegetarian ( veg*n ) , when she commits numerous logical errors in support of her anti-vegan position , and when she inaccurately attempts to discredit facts about the destructiveness of today 's American meat - centric diet based on small samples of data from a handful of existing niche farms that she unscientifically extrapolates to a distant hypothetical future .
When one considers that the vast majority of agriculture in the U.S. today is centered around meat and dairy production -- that the majority of vegetable matter raised in this country is grown to support livestock so that we can have plentiful meat -- one might wonder why Lierre Keith , in her quest to reduce the ecological harm of modern agriculture , decided to come after the veg*ns first , especially as they represent likely less than 5 % of the population .
And therein lies the answer to many of the book 's flaws .
Keith comes at veg*ns so directly because she claims that she was once a 20 - year vegan herself before she found her new religion .
Apparently , she was unable to maintain her health during that time by following an informed and complete vegan diet .
So in attacking veg*ns , she is distancing herself from her former self .
She is rationalizing and excusing her decision to consume the flesh of animals again .
That is the essence of why she has written the book and she admits as much in its intro , although not in those exact words .
It is this process of self - justification for her decision to begin consuming meat again , and one assumes dairy as well , that has brought forth " The Vegetarian Myth " .
It comes off as an attempt to reverse engineer a rationale after she lost her personal faith in veg*nism , partly due to her inability to maintain her health by eating properly .
Consider that she began to consume meat again and then released the book several years later .
She projects that attempt to resolve her cognitive dissonance onto every veg*n alive today .
If she really wanted to come after modern agriculture , Keith could have left the attack on veg*ns out of it , or at least not made their role in modern agriculture the central premise of the book .
Veg *ns tend to be some of the most conscientious people regarding their consumption , leaving a much smaller footprint than most Americans because veg*ns consume their nutrients directly rather than inefficiently through a food animal .
It is well documented , and common sense , that it takes many times more resources to grow animals for food than it does to grow produce for food .
Basic formulations about the inherent inefficiencies in a meat - based diet do not even take into account the massive amounts of pollution produced by food animals .
Dairy cows in California alone produce more waste than all of the state 's residents every year , and that does not include the millions of other food animals raised in the state .
Hog farm waste lagoons are increasingly a noxious issue in many communities .
And while you do n't hear Al Gore say it , livestock is one of the greatest contributors to global warming due to the massive amounts of methane released by the animals .
As simply as it can be stated , stopping eating meat ( and dairy ) today is one of the most important things individuals can do to substantially reduce their role in harming the environment .
There are other positive steps individuals can take related to their food choices but few , if any , are as immediate and significant .
Lierre Keith presumably knows all of this , yet none of it matters to her any longer .
She 's found a way around the difficult truth of meat production today in America , where 95 % of food animals are raised in factory farms .
She dismisses the hard facts about the environmental destruction currently being done in the name of animal agriculture because she can point to a handful of small farms where the animals are allowed to graze .
She completely ignores that these farms are an anachronism that not only offer very little for the majority of people today , but any widespread implementation of these farms is far off into the future at best and completely unrealistic at worst as the human population grows and the land and resources available for livestock decreases .
There is a danger to the public buying into Lierre Keith 's personal psychodrama regarding her food ( in ) decisions .
As she tells people through her book and at speaking engagements like the one at Bound Together Bookstore that eating meat is natural and good for the environment in some distant future , realistically people will continue ( or begin again ) to eat meat today , 95 % of which comes from incredibly destructive factory farms , destructive to the environment , to human health , and to the animals who live miserable lives until their slaughter .
Because the Inuit eat meat , or the Mayans did , we can all wear more leather and pretend that our meat - eating in America today is the same thing and somehow magically moves us to a pastoral future of happy , grazing livestock .
She 's allowed her personal eating dysfunction to color her world outlook to the point where she 's obviously missing the forest for the trees .
And she 's advocating for others to follow her lead .
Unconvincingly , Lierre Keith wants us to believe that she has finally found her one true god , but with the obvious self - hate she betrays when she continually refers to veg*ns as ignorant or child - like , and with the faulty logical and factual ground on which she builds her case , it becomes apparent that the book is simply a therapeutic vehicle for her , not the self - congratulatory or evangelical effort it pretends to be .
If she can convince us , then she can better assure herself that she is at peace with her decision to eat animals .
Fortunately , a growing number of people are simply too intelligent and too well - informed to follow her gospel of psuedo - environmental meat - eating in the 21st century .---------------------------------------------------Credit must be given for the title of this critique to a comment by " c'mon irene " .
That an anonymous comment was used for the title of this post is intended to be ironic , as you will see below , in that Lierre Keith devotes an inordinate amount of paper and ink in her book to address something she supposedly read in an online message board .
If you doubt this critique of the book as a seriously flawed effort that PM Press should never have published , consider the following close examination of the first 14 pages of the book which Lierre Keith offers for free on her website .
It is surprisingly sloppy and unprofessional for what one might expect from a PM Press title .
The original text appears in blue .
Bolded text added for emphasis .
Comments appear in black and / or brackets .
CHAPTER 1 Why This Book ?
This was not an easy book to write .
For many of you , it wo n't be an easy book to read .
I know .
I was a vegan for almost twenty years .
I know the reasons that compelled me to embrace an extreme diet and they are honorable , ennobling even .
Reasons like justice , compassion , a desperate and all - encompassing longing to set the world right .
To save the planet - the last trees bearing witness to ages , the scraps of wilderness still nurturing fading species , silent in their fur and feathers .
To protect the vulnerable , the voiceless .
To feed the hungry .
At the very least to refrain from participating in the horror of factory farming .
These political passions are born of a hunger so deep that it touches on the spiritual .
Or they were for me , and they still are .
I want my life to be a battle cry , a war zone , an arrow pointed and loosed into the heart of domination : patriarchy , imperialism , industrialization , every system of power and sadism .
If the martial imagery alienates you , I can rephrase it .
I want my life - my body - to be a place where the earth is cherished , not devoured ; where the sadist is granted no quarter ; where the violence stops .
And I want eating - the first nurturance - to be an act that sustains instead of kills .
This book is written to further those passions , that hunger .
It is not an attempt to mock the concept of animal rights or to sneer at the people who want a gentler world .
[ But allow her to proceed to do exactly that after already calling veganism " extreme . " ]
Instead , this book is an effort to honor our deepest longings for a just world .
And those longings - for compassion , for sustainability , for an equitable distribution of resources - are not served by the philosophy or practice of vegetarianism .
We have been led astray .
The vegetarian Pied Pipers have the best of intentions .
I 'll state right now what I 'll be repeating later : everything they say about factory farming is true .
It is cruel , wasteful , and destructive .
Nothing in this book is meant to excuse or promote the practices of industrial food production on any level .
But the first mistake is in assuming that factory farming - a practice that is barely fifty years old - is the only way to raise animals .
Their calculations on energy used , calories consumed , humans unfed , are all based on the notion that animals eat grain .
She 's definitely into drama , as evidenced by these statements , as well as the title of the book in that she 's totally flip - flopped and writes off 20 adult years of her life as having followed a myth .
This intro is the first logical fallacy , an appeal to emotion ( http://www.nizkor.org/features/fallacies/appeal-to-emotion.html).But that is exactly what the results of this book will be , if anyone follows her " Pied Piper " lead to meat - eating .
A ) People with the emotional and ethical vacillation of the author will believe her that vegetarianism is bad and meat - eating good and natural , B ) Not having access to non-factory farmed meat and dairy , as most people do n't in america , these same people will eat factory farmed meat , thinking it 's natural while they con themselves into thinking that their actions today matter less than their " noble " desire for a magical form of agriculture for the masses in the future , and C ) Increased rather than decreased environmental harm will happen as a result .
This is a classic straw man ( http://www.nizkor.org/features/fallacies/straw-man.html).
Vegans I know do n't think industrial confinement is the only way to raise animals .
They are aware of the past and they know there is such a thing as " free range " and so forth today , but it 's a niche today for the privileged and could never provide meat and dairy at the volumes factory farming does .
factory farms exist for an economic reason .
The amount of meat people eat has increased dramatically over the last hundred years , as has the number of people in existence .
the author here seems to forget that the world 's population has more than doubled from less than 3 billion in 1950 to more than 6 billion today , with reasonable projections of 9 billion people on the planet by 2050 .
Frankly , there 's no going backwards to 1940s agriculture and still feeding a hungry world .
It certainly can be done better and more sustainably , which should be the focus of her book rather than attacking vegetarians , but there 's no going back .
Additionally , to her point about grain here , she is attempting to discredit or debunk calculations about how wasteful animal farming is today by comparing it with animal production 60 years or more ago , or on some mythical future .
The calculations cited by advocates of veganism are accurate today for the vast majority of meat and dairy eaten by americans in 2009 .
Over 95 % of animals raised for food today in america comes from factory farms .
Those figures about the unnecessary waste and pollutions in meat - eating cannot honestly be debunked by some myth about all animals being raised for food in some free - roaming , pastural future .
You can feed grain to animals , but it is not the diet for which they were designed .
Grain did n't exist until humans domesticated annual grasses , at most 12,000 years ago , while aurochs , the wild progenitors of the domestic cow , were around for two million years before that .
For most of human history , browsers and grazers have n't been in competition with humans .
They ate what we could n't eat - cellulose - and turned it into what we could - protein and fat .
Grain will dramatically increase the growth rate of beef cattle ( there 's a reason for the expression " cornfed " ) and the milk production of dairy cows .
It will also kill them .
The delicate bacterial balance of a cow 's rumen will go acid and turn septic .
Chickens get fatty liver disease if fed grain exclusively , and they do n't need any grain to survive .
Sheep and goats , also ruminants , should really never touch the stuff .
This misunderstanding is born of ignorance , an ignorance that runs the length and breadth of the vegetarian myth [ she seems rather disingenuous when she claimed earlier not to be interested in ridicule , but much of this is her ridiculing her past self and projecting her cognitive dissonance onto everyone who remains vegetarian , while ignoring that her entire book promotes a myth about the future while most vegans are concerned with what they can do today ] , through the nature of agriculture and ending in the nature of life .
We are urban industrialists , and we do n't know the origins of our food .
This includes vegetarians , despite their claims to the truth .
It included me , too , for twenty years .
[ Ah , yes , she is critical of herself as she flings shit at every last vegetarian . ]
Anyone who ate meat was in denial ; only I had faced the facts .
Certainly , most people who consume factory - farmed meat have never asked what died and how it died .
But frankly , neither have most vegetarians .
The truth is that agriculture is the most destructive thing humans have done to the planet , and more of the same wo n't save us .
The truth is that agriculture requires the wholesale destruction of entire ecosystems .
The truth is also that life is n't possible without death , that no matter what you eat , someone has to die to feed you .
I want a full accounting , an accounting that goes way beyond what 's dead on your plate .
I 'm asking about everything that died in the process , everything that was killed to get that food onto your plate .
That 's the more radical question , and it's the only question that will produce the truth .
How many rivers were dammed and drained , how many prairies plowed and forests pulled down , how much topsoil turned to dust and blown into ghosts ?
I want to know about all the species - not just the individuals , but the entire species - the chinook , the bison , the grasshopper sparrows , the grey wolves .
And I want more than just the number of dead and gone .
I want them back .
Despite what you 've been told , and despite the earnestness of the tellers , eating soybeans is n't going to bring them back .
[ Wow , bigtime straw man and ridicule here . ]
Ninety - eight percent of the American prairie is gone , turned into a monocrop of annual grains [ and strip malls and housing developments and so forth that are will not be available any time soon for cows to run around wild ] .
Plough cropping in Canada has destroyed 99 percent of the original humus .
In fact , the disappearance of topsoil " rivals global warming as an environmental threat . "
When the rainforest falls to beef , progressives are outraged , aware , ready to boycott .
But our attachment to the vegetarian myth leaves us uneasy , silent , and ultimately immobilized when the culprit is wheat and the victim is the prairie .
We embraced as an article of faith that vegetarianism was the way to salvation , for us , for the planet .
How could it be destroying either ?
We have to be willing to face the answer .
What 's looming in the shadows of our ignorance and denial [ her ignorance and denial perhaps ] is a critique of civilization itself .
The starting point may be what we eat , but the end is an entire way of life , a global arrangement of power [ some might call this utopia , which literally means " no place " ] , and no small measure of personal attachment to it .
I remember the day in fourth grade when Miss Fox wrote two words on the blackboard : civilization and agriculture .
I remember because of the hush in her voice , the gravitas of her words , the explanation that was almost oratory .
This was Important .
And I understood .
Everything that was good in human culture flowed from this point : all ease , grace , justice .
Religion , science , medicine , art were born , and the endless struggle against starvation , disease , violence could be won , all because humans figured out how to grow their own food .
The reality is that agriculture has created a net loss for human rights and culture : slavery , imperialism , militarism , class divisions , chronic hunger , and disease .
" The real problem , then , is not to explain why some people were slow to adopt agriculture but why anybody took it up at all , when it is so obviously beastly , " writes Colin Tudge of The London School of Economics .
Agriculture has also been devastating to the other creatures with whom we share the earth , and ultimately to the life support systems of the planet itself .
What is at stake is everything .
If we want a sustainable world , we have to be willing to examine the power relations behind the foundational myth of our culture .
Anything less and we will fail .
Questioning at that level is difficult for most people .
In this case , the emotional struggle inherent in resisting any hegemony is compounded by our dependence on civilization , and on our individual helplessness to stop it .
Most of us would have no chance of survival if the industrial infrastructure collapsed tomorrow .
And our consciousness is equally impeded by our powerlessness .
There is no Ten Simple
Things list in the last chapter because , frankly , there are n't ten simple things that will save the earth .
There is no personal solution .
There is an interlocking web of hierarchical arrangements , vast systems of power that have to be confronted and dismantled .
We can disagree about how best to do that , but do it we must if the earth is to have any chance of surviving .
In the end , all the fortitude in the world will be useless without enough information to chart a sustainable forward course , both personally and politically .
One of my aims in writing this book is to provide that information .
The vast majority of people in the US do n't grow food , let alone hunt and gather it .
[ Thank goodness we do n't hunt and gather it , or there 'd be no wild animals left . ]
We have no way to judge how much death is embodied in a serving of salad , a bowl of fruit , a plate of beef .
We live in urban environments , in the last whisper of forests , thousands of miles removed from the devastated rivers , prairies , wetlands , and the millions of creatures that died for our dinners .
We do n't even know what questions to ask to find out .
In his book Long Life , Honey in the Heart , Martin Pretchel writes of the Mayan people and their concept of kas - limaal , which translates roughly as " mutual indebtedness , mutual insparkedness . "
" The knowledge that every animal , plant , person , wind , and season is indebted to the fruit of everything else is an adult knowledge .
To get out of debt means you do n't want to be part of life , and you do n't want to grow into an adult , " one of the elders explains to Pretchel .
The only way out of the vegetarian myth is through the pursuit of kas - limaal , of adult knowledge .
[ Because vegans are children whereas those who eat meat are adults . ]
This is a concept we need , especially those of us who are impassioned by injustice .
I know I needed it .
In the narrative of my life , the first bite of meat after my twenty year hiatus marks the end of my youth , the moment when I assumed the responsibilities of adulthood [ or the moment she willingly allowed herself to slip back into denial ] .
It was the moment I stopped fighting the basic algebra of embodiment : for someone to live , someone else has to die .
In that acceptance , with all its suffering and sorrow , is the ability to choose a different way , a better way .
The activist - farmers have a very different plan then the polemicist - writers to carry us from destruction to sustainability .
The farmers are starting with completely different information .
I 've heard vegetarian activists claims that an acre of land can only support two chickens .
[ Straw man alert . ]
Joel Salatin , one of the High Priests of sustainable farming and someone who actually raises chickens , puts that figure at 250 an acre .
[ Nevermind the " high priest " worship or even quibbling about this figure .
How many people will 250 chickens feed and for how long ?
Remember the population of the US is over 300,000,000 and growing . ]
Who do you believe ?
[ Some random person I heard once or a high priest ? ]
How many of us know enough to even have an opinion ?
Frances Moore Lappe says it takes twelve to sixteen pounds of grain to make one pound of beef .
[ And it is in that neighborhood today in the real world . ]
Meanwhile , Salatin raises cattle with no grain at all , rotating ruminants on perennial polycultures , building topsoil year by year .
[ Again , this is a niche for the privileged and not a serious plan to feed the masses any time soon , if the land even exists to let billions of food animals roam free . ]
Inhabitants of urban industrial cultures have no point of contact with grain , chickens , cows , or , for that matter , with topsoil .
We have no basis of experience to outweigh the arguments of political vegetarians .
We have no idea what plants , animals , or soil eat , or how much .
Which means we have no idea what we ourselves are eating .
Confronting the truth about factory farming - its torturous treatment of animals , its environmental toll - was for me at age sixteen an act of profound importance .
I knew the earth was dying .
It was a daily emergency I had lived against forever .
I was born in 1964 .
" Silent " and " spring " were inseparable : three syllables , not two words .
Hell was here , in the oil refineries of northern New Jersey , the asphalt inferno of suburban sprawl , in the swelling tide of humans drowning the planet .
I cried with Iron Eyes Cody , longed for his silent canoe and an unmolested continent of rivers and marshes , birds and fish .
My brother and I would climb an ancient crabapple tree at the local park and dream about somehow buying a whole mountain .
No people allowed , no discussion needed .
Who would live there ?
Squirrels , was all I could come up with .
Reader , do n't laugh .
Besides Bobby , our pet hamster , squirrels were the only animals I ever saw .
My brother , well - socialized into masculinity , went on to torture insects and aim slingshots at sparrows .
I became a vegan .
Yes , I was an overly sensitive child .
My favorite song at five - and here you are allowed to laugh - was Mary Hopkin 's Those Were the Days .
What romantic , tragic past could I possibly have mourned at age five ?
But it was so sad , so exquisite ; I would listen to the song over and over until I was exhausted from weeping .
Okay , it 's funny .
But I can't laugh at the pain I felt over my powerless witnessing of the destruction of my planet .
That was real and it overwhelmed me .
And the political vegetarians offered a compelling salve .
With no understanding of the nature of agriculture , the nature of nature , or ultimately the nature of life , I had no way to know that however honorable their impulses , their prescription was a dead end into the same destruction I burned to stop .
Those impulses and ignorances are inherent to the vegetarian myth .
For two years after I returned to eating meat , I was compelled to read vegan message boards online .
I do n't know why .
I was n't looking for a fight .
I never posted anything myself .
Lots of small , intense subcultures have cult - like elements , and veganism is no exception .
Maybe the compulsion had to do with my own confusion , spiritual , political , personal .
Maybe I was revisiting the sight of an accident : this was where I had destroyed my body .
Maybe I had questions and I wanted to see if I could hold my own against the answers that I had once held tight , answers that had felt righteous , but now felt empty .
Maybe I do n't know why .
It left me anxious , angry , and desperate each time .
But one post marked a turning point .
A vegan flushed out his idea to keep animals from being killed - not by humans , but by other animals .
Someone should build a fence down the middle of the Serengeti , and divide the predators from the prey .
Killing is wrong and no animals should ever have to die , so the big cats and wild canines would go on one side , while the wildebeests and zebras would live on the other .
He knew the carnivores would be okay because they did n't need to be carnivores .
That was a lie the meat industry told .
He 'd seen his dog eat grass : therefore , dogs could live on grass .
No one objected .
In fact , others chimed in .
My cat eats grass , too , one woman added , all enthusiasm .
So does mine !
someone else posted .
Everyone agreed that fencing was the solution to animal death .
Note well that the site for this liberatory project was Africa .
No one mentioned the North American prairie , where carnivores and ruminants alike have been extirpated for the annual grains that vegetarians embrace .
But I 'll return to that in Chapter 3 .
I knew enough to know that this was insane .
But no one else on the message board could see anything wrong with the scheme .
So , on the theory that many readers lack the knowledge to judge this plan , I 'm going to walk you through this .
Carnivores cannot survive on cellulose .
They may on occasion eat grass , but they use it medicinally , usually as a purgative to clear their digestive tracts of parasites .
Ruminants , on the other hand , have evolved to eat grass .
They have a rumen ( hence , ruminant ) , the first in a series of multiple stomachs that acts as a fermentative vat .
What 's actually happening inside a cow or a zebra is that bacteria eat the grass , and the animals eat the bacteria .
Lions and hyenas and humans do n't have a ruminant 's digestive system .
Literally from our teeth to our rectums we are designed for meat .
We have no mechanism to digest cellulose .
So on the carnivore side of the fence , starvation will take every animal .
Some will last longer than others , and those some will end their days as cannibals .
The scavengers will have a Fat Tuesday party , but when the bones are picked clean , they 'll starve as well .
The graveyard wo n't end there .
Without grazers to eat the grass , the land will eventually turn to desert .
Why ?
Because without grazers to literally level the playing field , the perennial plants mature , and shade out the basal growth point at the plant 's base .
In a brittle environment like the Serengeti , decay is mostly physical ( weathering ) and chemical ( oxidative ) , not bacterial and biological as in a moist environment .
In fact , the ruminants take over most of the biological functions of soil by digesting the cellulose and returning the nutrients , once again available , in the form of urine and feces .
But without ruminants , the plant matter will pile up , reducing growth , and begin killing the plants .
The bare earth is now exposed to wind , sun , and rain , the minerals leech away , and the soil structure is destroyed .
In our attempt to save animals , we 've killed everything .
On the ruminant side of the fence , the wildebeests and friends will reproduce as effectively as ever .
But without the check of predators , there will quickly be more grazers than grass .
The animals will outstrip their food source , eat the plants down to the ground , and then starve to death , leaving behind a seriously degraded landscape .
The lesson here is obvious , though it is profound enough to inspire a religion : we need to be eaten as much as we need to eat .
The grazers need their daily cellulose , but the grass also needs the animals .
It needs the manure , with its nitrogen , minerals , and bacteria ; it needs the mechanical check of grazing activity ; and it needs the resources stored in animal bodies and freed up by degraders when animals die .
The grass and the grazers need each other as much as predators and prey .
These are not one - way relationships , not arrangements of dominance and subordination .
We are n't exploiting each other by eating .
We are only taking turns .
That was my last visit to the vegan message boards .
I realized then that people so deeply ignorant of the nature of life , with its mineral cycle and carbon trade , its balance points around an ancient circle of producers , consumers , and degraders , were n't going to be able to guide me or , indeed , make any useful decisions about sustainable human culture .
By turning from adult knowledge , the knowledge that death is embedded in every creature 's sustenance , from bacteria to grizzly bears , they would never be able to feed the emotional and spiritual hunger that ached in me from accepting that knowledge .
Maybe in the end this book is an attempt to soothe that ache myself .
This is historically accurate , but here we have a version of an appeal to tradition ( http://www.nizkor.org/features/fallacies/appeal-to-tradition.html).
Again , she neglects the growing world population of humans .
Where will all these food animals actually roam ?
Kentucky Fried Chicken alone cranks through over 800,000,000 ( yes , 800 million ) chickens every year .
And while she 's waxing poetic about pre-agricultural humanity , domesticated animals for food are also a part of that agricultural " revolution " .
To truly go back ( which ca n't actually be done with 9 billion people on the horizon ) , there would have to be no domesticated animals whatsoever .
If so , where would these 9 billion people then get their meat ?
By hunting ?
How long until the entire earth is Easter Island and we have eaten every last wild creature roaming the planet ?
Ahem , most vegetarians are quite aware of how factory farmed animals die .
If any are not knowledgable of every last detail of the origins of the produce they eat , well then the same could certainly be said for many if not most people in the US today , yet Lierre Keith chooses to attack vegetarians for it .
Again , this is her own psychodrama bursting forth .
She did n't know the origins of her food as a vegan , or even what exactly to eat to maintain her own health , and so she projects that onto all vegans and somehow forgets that the same applies to omnivores as well .
True enough , in a sense .
Every taking from this world to sustain ourselves should be acknowledged as such , with the goal of not taking more than is sustainable .
But just because something has to be taken does not justify all deaths , such as the unnecessary eating of animals .
And this weak argument of hers also completely ignores the value in taking less , something that vegans do every day .
While not exactly , this is almost a two - wrongs - make - a- right - fallacy ( http://www.nizkor.org/features/fallacies/two-wrongs-make-a-right.html).
Because there is any death involved with human eating , eating meat is fine she claims .
While she should be advocating at least a reduction in the amount of meat people eat , she 's instead attacking vegetarians and offering false hope that people can continue to eat meat like they do today and yet somehow all those billions of domesticated animals can just run around living happy lives .
Most vegans I know are are interested in more than just what is dead on a plate and are involved in many causes , including food issues like producing food locally and organics , to name just two .
( But that 's not to discount the horrible life that untold millions of animals suffer through long enough to be slaughtered for cheeseburgers or hotdogs or chicken wings . )
This author , on the contrary , wants a single silver bullet to solve all ills .
And worse , she 's willing to cast aside the immediate good on the promise of some future perfect .
Perhaps this is confessional on her part .
She was looking for the magical silver bullet then , and look how wrong she was .
She 's found it now , she wants us to believe .
Nevermind that most of the agricultural destruction in this country was and is done to grow crops for domesticated animals for food , hence the lack of water for salmon and the killing of predators like the grey wolves .
It 's the height of nutritional inefficiency to grow crops to feed animals to feed people , yet she neglects to admit this when she continues to disingenuously tie vegetarians to the environmental destruction .
I 'll merely point out here the misanthropy lurking in many of those words .
So , in the meantime , keep eating meat , 95 % of which comes from factory farms .
Forget that most of that horrible agriculture is done to feed those animals .
At least here , she recognizes that there is no silver bullet , although adopting a vegetarian diet is indeed one of the most immediate ways to decrease our participation in our agricultural overkill .
It does n't solve every last problem in the world , but it makes a big difference today in the issues this author seems to care about most .
We do know exactly many of these things .
She is simply choosing to ignore what she knows about the gross inefficiencies in meat - eating .
And while she may have been oblivious as a vegan , assuming she really was one , many vegans know a great deal about their food , even if it is impossible to know every last thing unless we are fortunate enough to buy everything we eat from local farmers and bakers .
Yes , living in balance with nature is important .
Eating meat today creates a huge and unnecessary ecological imbalance .
But we are not Mayans nor will we ever be .
And Lierre Keith -- again longing to idolize the past , in an ahistorical way -- seems to be forgetting that a central part of the " success " of mayan civilization was agriculture .
They were not hunter - gatherers .
Apparently , Keith also learned how to ignore the algebra regarding the enourmous resources wasted in a meat - based diet in America today .
Speak for yourself , please .
This is cute at best , nonsensical nostalgia at its core .
On the contrary , vegans consume far less per person via agriculture than omnivores , so it is not the same .
And , again , being vegan is not the be all and end all .
There are a plenty of other food - related issues to fight for , but it is one major step in the right direction people can make today , while pining for a better agriculture is a long - term goal .
Below is one of her major logical fallacies , an appeal to ridicule ( http://www.nizkor.org/features/fallacies/appeal-to-ridicule.html).
She uses something she found in some online forum as a major crux to her entire argument .
Sorry , Lierre Keith , but there is such a thing as intelligent vegans , even if you were not one or you take the lazy road to pretend that this supposed online encounter represents all vegetarian thought .
It also exposes her as a terrible writer as she uses this one example as a central " turning point " for her personally and in the narrative she is laying out in the book .
Obviously , no sensible vegan advocates such a thing , nor can she find any vegan organization advocating for such a thing , but because she found this one dialogue online , she dedicates paragraph after paragraph to it in what is supposed to be a serious book .
Who knows if this commenter was even who s/he said s/he was and not , for instance , a malicious pork industry profiteer and his / her buddies .
I 'll reserve comment for the most part now and allow Lierre Keith to continue unabated in beating down this wet noodle of an argument for the next 10 paragraphs or so .
Note that she 's going on and on in an attempt to scientifically refute an obviously silly proposal about fencing wild predators from wild prey .
Here , Lierre Keith so desperately wants to justify meat - eating that she seems to be saying that the earth and soil need domesticated animals to roam on them , again ahistorically forgetting that domesticated animals are a relatively recent phenomenon in the vast history of this living planet .
Yes , wild creatures have done similar things , but there were far , far less of them than the total number of animals produced for meat today .
To set the hundreds of billions of domesticated animals that americans are eating each year loose on the environment would certainly be no favor to a healthy ecology .
If that 's what the book is , perhaps she should have kept this amatuer effort to herself in a personal journal , or , at the very least , PM Press should have shown the discipline to pass on publishing it .
Egads .
Fermat ’s Little Theorem for Matrices
Fermat ’s little theorem for matrices with application to potential factoring algorithms
Pierre de Fermat is perhaps best known for the proof that he never wrote down , and perhaps never had .
I have discovered a truly remarkable proof which this margin is too small to contain .
( Around 1637 )
This of course refers to his famous “ Fermat ’s Last Theorem , ” that was finally proved by Andrew Wiles in 1995 .
Most doubt whether Fermat really had a proof , but it is an intriguing part of the history of this famous problem .
If Fermat had a solution , he certainly did not have the brilliant one that Wiles found .
Today I would like to talk about some new , discovered this century , results that generalize Fermat ’s Little Theorem to matrices .
They do not seem to be well known , but are quite pretty .
Perhaps they may have applications to some complexity theory problems .
While Fermat ’s Last Theorem is very hard to prove , the version for polynomials is much easier to resolve .
In particular , one can prove that
has no solutions in non-constant polynomials , for .
There are many proofs of this fact .
Often changing a problem from integers to polynomials makes it easier .
Let ’s now turn to study number theory problems for matrices , not for integers nor for polynomials .
Fermat ’s Little Theorem
This states ,
Theorem :
If is a prime and an integer , then .
There are many proofs of this beautiful theorem .
One is based on the following observation :
The proof of this equation follows from the binomial theorem , and the fact that
for prime and .
Then , simply set all , and that yields ,
which is
Matrices
The brilliant Vladimir Arnold once stated :
There is a general principle that a stupid man can ask such questions to which one hundred wise men would not be able to answer .
In accordance with this principle I shall formulate some problems .
Since Arnold is certainly not stupid , he was joking .
Yet there is some truth to his statement : it is notoriously easy to raise questions in number theory that sound plausible , hold for many small cases , and yet are impossible to prove .
Fermat ’s Last Theorem exactly fit this category for over three hundred years .
In any event , Arnold did extensive numerical experiments , to search for a way to generalize Fermat ’s Little Theorem to matrices .
He noticed , immediately , that simply replacing the integer by a matrix will not work .
For example , consider a matrix that is nilpotent , but is not zero .
Recall a matrix is nilpotent provided some power of the matrix is .
Then , for large enough , and so clearly .
Thus , Arnold was forced to extend the notion of what it meant for a theorem to be “ like ” Fermat ’s Little Theorem .
After extensive experiments he made make the following conjecture about the trace of matrices .
Recall that the is the sum of the elements in the main diagonal of the matrix .
Conjecture : Suppose that is a prime and is a square integer matrix .
Then , for any natural number ,
In his paper , published in 2006 , he found an algorithm that could check his conjecture for a fixed size matrix and a fixed prime .
He then checked that it was true for many small values of and , yet he did not see how to prove the general case .
He did prove the special case of .
Finally , the general result was proved by Alexander Zarelua in 2008 and independently by others :
Theorem : Suppose that is a prime and is a square integer matrix .
Then , for any natural number ,
An important special case is when , recall Arnold did prove this case ,
For an integer matrix , the corresponding coefficients of the characteristic polynomials of and are congruent .
This , in effect , generalizes the statement about traces .
Factoring
Arnold ’s conjecture — now theorem — has some interesting relationship to the problem of factoring .
If we assume that factoring is hard , then his theorem can be used to prove lower bounds on the growth of the traces of matrix powers .
Let ’s start with a simple example .
I will then show how we can get much more powerful statements from his theorem .
Consider a single integer matrix , and look at the following simple algorithm where is the product of two primes .
Compute
Then , compute the greatest common divisor of and for all where is a constant .
Clearly , if this finds a factor of it is correct .
The only question is when will that happen ?
Note , by Arnold ’s theorem ,
Also ,
The key observation is : suppose that the trace of the powers of the matrix grow slowly .
Let , and let one of these values be small .
Then , for some the value will be zero modulo , say , and not zero modulo .
Thus , the gcd computation will work .
All this needs is a matrix so that the trace of its powers grow slowly , and yet are different .
I believe that this is impossible , but am not positive .
We can weaken the requirements tremendously .
For example , replace one matrix by a family of integer matrices .
Then , define as :
where all are integers .
Note , this value is always an integer .
Now the key is the behavior of the function .
In order to be able to factor this function must have two properties :
There must be many values of so that is small ;
The values of and should often be distinct .
If these properties are true , then the above method will be a factoring algorithm .
Thus , an example of reverse complexity theory ( RCT ) is : if factoring is hard , then any that is non-constant must not have many small values .
This can easily be made into quantitative bounds .
I know that some of these results are proved , but their proofs often depend on deep properties from algebraic number theory .
The beauty of the connection with factoring is that the proofs are simple — given the strong hypothesis that factoring is hard .
Since I am open to the possibility that factoring is easy , as you probably know , I hope that there may be some way to use these ideas to attack factoring .
But either way I hope you like the connection between the behavior of matrix powers and factoring .
Gauss ’s Congruence
There are further matrix results that also generalize other theorems of number theory .
For example , the following is usually called Gauss ’s congruence :
Theorem :
For any integer and natural number ,
Here is the famous Möbius function : if , then ; if is divisible by the square of a prime , then ; if is divisible by distinct primes , then .
By the way , why does Gauss get everything named after him ?
I guess we should join in and create a complexity class that is called GC , for “ Gauss ’s Class . ”
Any suggestions ?
Zarelua proves that Gauss ’s congruence generalizes nicely to matrices :
Theorem :
For any integer matrix and natural number ,
As an example , let the product of two primes .
then this theorem shows that we can determine ,
for any integer matrix .
What intrigues me is , if is less than , then we get the exact value of
Can we do something with this ability ?
In particular , can it be used to get some information about the values of and ?
Open Problems
I believe there are two interesting types of questions .
The first is what can we say about the growth of such sums of matrix traces ?
Can we improve on known bounds or give shorter proofs based on the hardness of factoring ?
This would be a nice example of RCT .
Second , a natural idea is to look at other Diophantine problems and ask what happens if the variables range over matrices ?
What known theorems remain true , which become false , and which become open ?
The D’Amato Law Firm is Nationally Recognized for Excellence
We represent clients who have been seriously injured in motor vehicle crashes , construction accidents , and other incidents involving defective products or negligence .
The D’Amato Law firm has built a national reputation for excellence by successfully representing victims who have suffered injury due to negligence .
We take the time to build a strong case and see that our clients are fully and justly compensated for their injuries .
For those injured at work , we are prepared to investigate potential personal injury claims , third - party liability claims , and punitive damage awards .
We also take on all types of product liability claims including defective products , dangerous products and failure to warn .
While our primary focus is on helping clients injured in South Jersey , we have traveled across the country to represent those who have suffered harm due to someone else ’s negligence .
We Work With You and For You
When you suffer a serious injury , your life changes dramatically .
We understand the trauma that victims endure when an accident occurs , and we want to see that you receive compensation so you can start putting your life back together again .
We will listen to the details of your case and work tirelessly to help you obtain the justice you deserve .
Responsibility Driven Design with Mock Objects
Marc Evers & Rob Westgeest , QWAN , www.qwan.it
Object oriented design is the art of assigning the right responsibilities to the right objects and creating a clear structure with loose coupling and high cohesion .
Test driven development ( TDD ) is a design practice that helps you achieving this to some extent .
TDD drives you towards loosely coupled objects , because too many dependencies will hinder the short test - code - refactor cycles typical for TDD .
Responsibility driven design is an approach that helps you shift focus from object state to interactions and responsibilities .
In this article , we will show how test driven development with mock objects facilitates responsibility driven design and drives you towards a more cohesive , loosely coupled design .
Responsibilities in an object oriented system
Responsibilities are the foundation of an object oriented system .
We imagine an object oriented system as a cage in which objects live .
When a request is fired to the system , the objects work together to fulfill the request .
Every object does what it can do best and delegates the rest to its collaborators � the other objects it works together with .
Responsibility Driven Design is just about that .
It focuses on what an object can do ( Wirfs - Brock & McKean , 2003 ) .
We find our objects by identifying relevant concepts in a domain .
Candidates are concepts that we mention repeatedly while talking about the domain .
The candidates we find are typically passive concepts from the real world without any behavior .
For example , a task in a workflow system is a passive thing being executed by a real world person and an invoice is something passive being paid for by a real world client .
We find responsibilities by making passive things active .
We assign responsibilities to the passive concepts that are associated with them .
For example , a workflow task gets the responsibility to execute itself .
An invoice gets the responsibility to pay itself .
All messages that the object responds to should match its responsibilities .
We can simulate a usage scenario of the system , by letting objects respond to messages and delegate tasks that other objects can do better to those objects .
Next , we look for what an object needs to know to fulfill its responsibilities .
This drives us towards putting information where we directly need it .
As a result of localizing this knowledge to objects , changes to the resulting system tend to be localized as well .
Changes in one place do not ripple through the design and will not affect other parts .
This reduces the risk of introducing defects .
While system as a whole may be complicated , the objects within the system , combining behavior and associated state , remain small and easy to understand .
As a result , making changes is therefore easy and fast .
We see that , by working responsibility driven , you achieve low coupling and high cohesion ( well known software design principles ) .
A cohesive object has responsibilities that fit well together and contains all information it needs to fulfill its responsibilities .
Low cohesion means an unclear object doing many unrelated things or an object without any responsibilities , making it hard to understand and change .
Low coupling means that dependencies between objects are well managed .
There are only a few dependencies between objects .
Dependencies are unidirectional and exist for the purpose of delegating responsibilities , not for obtaining information from others to fulfill responsibilities .
Contrast this with the procedural approach we see a lot in practice : thinking primarily in sequences of actions and collecting whatever information required from wherever that information is lying around .
In this approach , functions are highly cohesive and isolated in one place , but data is grabbed from many other objects .
Functions depend on the internal details of many objects .
Changes in a function may require changes in several objects .
It is difficult to judge the impact of changes to a single object , because many other functions depend on it as well .
Functions become sensitive to changes across the system .
The art of good design is placing responsibilities close to the knowledge required to fulfill these responsibilities .
This results in small , understandable objects loosely coupled to their environment .
Responsibilities and CRC cards
A simple but powerful technique to support responsibility driven design is CRC cards ( Class , Responsibility , Collaboration ) invented by Kent Beck and Ward Cunningham ( Beck & Cunningham , 1989 ) .
You use index cards ( 15x10 cm ) .
Every card represents a ( candidate ) class .
Its name is written on top , its responsibilities are mentioned on the left , and the classes that it collaborates with are listed on the right .
The picture below shows an example CRC card for a workflow process .
It knows how to guide work through one or more tasks .
It collaborates with tasks and work items to achieve this .
In a design session , you use the cards to quickly try out different scenarios and get feedback on how you have assigned responsibilities to classes .
Although this technique is 20 years old , it is still very useful , with the additional benefit that you do n't need to buy an expensive modeling tool .
CRC cards are not necessarily concrete classes .
They are primarily roles that the objects will play .
Each role comes with its responsibilities .
The idea of modeling roles and objects is extensively covered in ( Reenskaug , 1995 ) .
In code , roles will be implemented by interfaces and the objects by classes .
This approach results in loosely coupled components and a lot of interface definitions .
Responsibility driven design also relates to design guidelines like the Single Responsibility Principle � each unit should have only one responsibility ( Martin , 2002 ) .
Test Driven Development
Test Driven Development ( TDD ) is a development practice that supports responsibility driven design .
TDD drives the design from writing unit tests .
While doing TDD , you keep the code and its design in good shape by refactoring continuously ( Beck , 2003 ) .
Refactoring means improving the design of existing code , without changing its overall behaviour .
The steps of TDD are deceptively simple :
first , write a unit test make sure the test fails � test the test add code step by step , just enough to make the test pass refactor the code � remove duplication and ensure the code reveals its intentions repeat
TDD drives you towards independent units in your design , as dependencies get in your way while writing unit tests .
Therefore , it enforces a loosely coupled , cohesive design .
Many who start with TDD struggle with getting a grip on dependencies .
To test an object , you exercise some behaviour and then verify whether an object is in an expected state .
Because OO design focuses on behaviour , the state of an object is usually hidden ( encapsulated ) .
To be able to verify if an object behaves like expected , you sometimes need to access the internal state and introduce special methods to expose this state , like a getter method or a property that retrieves the internal state .
Apart from not wanting objects cluttering their interfaces and exposing their private parts , we neither want to introduce unnecessary dependencies with such extra getters .
Our tests will become too tightly coupled and focused on implementation details .
A group of agile software development pioneers from the United Kingdom were also struggling with this back in 1999 .
They had to add additional getter methods to validate the state of objects .
Their manager did n't like all this breaking of encapsulation and declared : I want no getters in the code !
( Mackinnon et al. , 2000 & Freeman et al. , 2004 )
The team came up with the idea to focus on interactions rather than state .
They created a special object to replace the collaborators of objects under test .
These special objects contained specifications for expected method calls .
They called these objects mock objects , or mocks for short .
The original ideas have been refined , resulting in several mock object frameworks for all common programming languages : Java ( jMock , EasyMock , Mockito ) , .NET ( NMock , RhinoMocks ) , Python ( PythonMock , Mock.py , Ruby ( Mocha , RSpec ) , C++ ( mockpp , amop ) .
See www.mockobjects.com for more information and links .
This approach leads to a particular style of testing called interaction based testing ( Fowler , 2004 ) .
In interaction based testing , a test specifies the behavior of an object as well as the behavior it delegates to collaborators .
In other words , tests specify object responsibilities and collaborations .
This is exactly what responsibility driven design is about .
Test driven development in an interaction based style with mocks is responsibility driven development - in code .
An example
Suppose we want to develop a simple workflow engine .
We envision a workflow engine as something that manages processes consisting of a number of tasks that will be performed on a work item .
A work item is for instance a report to be written or a claim to be processed .
Workers ( typically people ) carry out the tasks .
We begin with fleshing out what happens when a process is started .
We will build op our first test step by step , to show the modeling process .
In our first test , we verify that given a WorkflowProcess , when it is started , then the first task should be started .
We express our example in Java and use the Mockito framework ( www.mockito.org) to specify and verify our expectations about the interactions .
The basic ideas and design decisions we take are generic and not tied to specific programming languages or frameworks .
We find it helpful to write test methods bottom up .
Starting with what we want to assert in this test , we state the expected effect of the method under test .
We expect that a task will be started on a work item :
@Test public void startingAProcessShouldInitiateATask ( ) { verify ( task ) .start ( workItem ) ; }
Then we express the responsibility you want to test , represented by a call to the start method of the process we are testing :
@ Test public void startingAProcessShouldInitiateATask ( ) { process.start ( workItem ) ; verify ( task ) .start ( workItem ) ; }
Finally , we create the object under test � a WorkflowProcess instance � and the other objects we need for the tests .
The latter are the collaborators of the process : a task and a work item .
@ Test public void startingAProcessShouldInitiateATask ( ) { Task task = mock ( Task.class ) ; WorkItem workItem = mock ( WorkItem.class ) ; WorkflowProcess process = new WorkflowProcess ( task ) ; process.start ( workItem ) ; verify ( task ) .start ( workItem ) ; }
The mock and verify methods are part of the Mockito framework .
Some other frameworks like jMock and NMock force you to set expectations before invoking the method under test .
This seems radically different from setting assertions afterwards , but in our opinion , there is no fundamental difference .
Especially when you take the approach we describe above , by starting with your expectations , it is basically the same approach .
Through this test , we have specified what we want .
To make it work , we create interfaces for Task and WorkItem to represent these roles .
We create a class for WorkflowProcess and add the required methods and constructors .
We leave the methods empty for the moment , because we want to let our tests drive the implementation and we first want to see the test fail :
org.mockito.exceptions.verification.WantedButNotInvoked :
Wanted but not invoked : task.start ( Mock for WorkItem , hashCode : 6613606 ;
The error message means that we expected a call of the start method on task , but the mock object did not receive this call .
The following code makes the test pass :
public class WorkflowProcess { private final Task task ; > public WorkflowProcess ( Task task ) { this .
task = task ; } public void start ( WorkItem workItem ) { task.start ( workItem ) ; } }
Tell , Do n't Ask
The test makes the expectations about the interaction between a WorkflowProcess object and its collaborator task clear .
This style of testing drives you towards a Tell , Do n't Ask design style : instead of pulling data from a collaborator with getters ( asking ) and doing something with this data , you send a collaborator a request to do something ( telling ) , where the collaborator decides how it does the job .
This prevents train wrecks , long chains of methods calls returning objects on which new methods are called returning objects ...
An example of a train wreck in our workflow system , here 's an implementation of process. start ( ) :
public class WorkflowProcess { //.... public void start ( WorkItem workItem ) { task.getWorker().getWorkItems().add( workItem ) ; } //.... }
Instead , we explicitly capture the responsibilities using methods that tell an object to do something :
public class WorkflowProcess { //.... public void start ( WorkItem workItem ) { task.start ( workItem ) ; } //.... }
Train wrecks show that the design is poor and responsibilities are not in the right place .
Mock objects show this as well , in an even more painful manner .
If the start method of WorkflowProcess would be implemented like :
public void start ( WorkItem workItem ) { firstTask.getWorker().workOn(workItem ) ; }
Then a unit test for the behaviour would look like this :
public class WorkflowProcessTest { @ Test public void startingAProcessShouldInitiateATask ( ) { Collection < WorkItem > workItems = new ArrayList < WorkItem >( ) ; Worker worker = mock ( Worker.class ) ; Task task = mock ( Task.class ) ; WorkItem workItem = mock ( WorkItem.class ) ; WorkflowProcess process = new WorkflowProcess ( task ) ; when ( task.getWorker ( ) ) .thenReturn ( worker ) ; when ( worker.getWorkItems ( ) ) .thenReturn ( workItems ) ; process.start( workItem ) ; assertTrue ( " workItem should be added " , workItems.contains(workItem ) ) ; } }
( The when ... thenReturn expression specifies that a method on a mock object will always return the indicated value . )
What happens here is that we are writing procedural code � focusing on all the things we want to do and directly getting all required data , wherever it has to come from .
We see this happening a lot in practice � starting out from the steps that need to be done without focusing on concepts first .
Without realizing , we introduce a lot of extra dependencies here .
Code completion features offered by development environments make it even easier to throw in a bunch of extra dependencies with just a few keystrokes .
These dependencies might look innocent , but they are actually quite bad .
Because such procedural code knows a bunch of other objects , it becomes more fragile , more sensitive to changes � changes in any of the objects it depends on will ripple through .
The test painfully shows that there is something wrong with our design .
The test is complicated and loses focus .
There are many mocks in the tests and one mock is returning another .
What are we actually testing ?
Starting a process , the getWorker method , the getWorkItems method , the java Collection class add ( ) method , or everything ?
The test is easier to set up and read when we just think in terms of behavior of the object under test and what it delegates to its collaborator .
The object tells its collaborator what to do rather than ask it for information .
Therefore , interaction based testing with mocks drives you towards a responsibility driven design .
Roles and concepts
When developing this way , you will find new concepts along the way .
For these concepts , we define roles , represented by interfaces .
Using roles and interfaces helps to achieve loose coupling , because objects only depend on abstract interfaces , not on concrete implementation classes .
Let 's take a look at the next test .
We have identified the task as a concept .
It is currently an interface .
Who implements this interface ?
Would that be TaskImpl ?
Or should we have called the interface ITask and the implementing class Task ?
We actually do n't like these kind of names .
TaskImpl focuses on implementation details instead of communicating our intent .
ITask is a kind of Hungarian notation to say explicitly " Hey , this is an interface " .
We do n't care about whether or not this is an interface .
We care about concepts and that the name of a concept fits its responsibilities , revealing our intent .
Naming might look like a small , unimportant thing .
It is however crucial in understanding and maintaining the code and its design .
It pays to think a bit longer and harder .
SimpleTask is a better candidate .
Although we do n't want to think too much about the future ( the YAGNI principle � You Are n't Gonna Need It ) , other more complex tasks might pop up later .
Even if they do n't , the task we are implementing is a singular task and therefore simple .
Did we say singular ?
That would be an even better name : SingularTask it is .
The concept of SingularTask represents a singular focused activity that is delegated to a Worker .
If a SingularTask is started , it will ask someone or something to work on the WorkItem .
Do we need a Person for this ?
Possibly , but let 's focus on the role instead and call it Worker .
The corresponding test is :
@Test public void startShouldMakeWorkerWorkOnWorkItem ( ) {
Worker worker = mock ( Worker.class ) ; WorkItem workItem = mock ( WorkItem.class ) ; SingularTask task = new SingularTask ( worker ) ; task.start(workItem ) ; verify ( worker ) .workOn(workItem ) ; }
We specify that the worker should receive the message workOn ( workItem ) when the task is started .
The corresponding implementation is :
public class SingularTask implements
Task { private Worker worker ; ... public void start ( WorkItem workItem ) { worker.workOn(workItem ) ; } ... }
Who does what ?
We leave the Worker for a moment and proceed with SingularTask .
What should happen if the task has finished ?
The next task should be started .
Where does this responsibility belong , in SingularTask , Worker , or WorkflowProcess ?
In practice , often , there is a tendency to put the responsibility where the situation arises , for example :
public classSingularTask implements Task { WorkflowProcess process ... public void done ( ) {
Task next = process.getNextTask ( ) ; next.start( workItem ) ; } ... }
This looks simple and it works .
But who manages tasks in this case : WorkflowProcess or SingularTask ?
The problem is that they both manage tasks a bit .
We assigned the WorkflowProcess the responsibility to guide work items through tasks .
Starting the next task is part of this responsibility .
The corresponding test is :
public classSingularTaskTest { @ Test public void doneShouldInformTheProcess ( ) {
Worker worker = mock ( Worker.class ) ; TaskParent parent = mock ( TaskParent.class ) ; SingularTask task = new SingularTask ( parent , worker ) ; task.done ( ) ; verify ( parent ) . done ( task ) ; } }
We expect that TaskParent receives the done message , not WorkflowProcess , because we focus on roles , not on concrete implementations .
This is a new concept , so we create a new interface TaskParent .
WorkflowProcess will play the role of TaskParent and will implement the done method .
In this test , we create a mock object for the TaskParent collaborator .
The implementation then looks like this :
public classSingularTask implements Task { private TaskParent parent ; ... public void done ( ) { parent . done ( this ) ; } }
So SingularTask does not depend on the concrete WorkflowProcess class , but on the TaskParent role instead .
The next step is to implement done in WorkflowProcess , where we expect that the next task will be started .
public class WorkflowProcessTest { @ Test public void endingFirstTaskShouldStartNext ( ) { Task firstTask = mock ( Task.class ) ; Task nextTask = mock ( Task.class ) ; WorkItem workItem = mock ( WorkItem.class ) ; WorkflowProcess process = new WorkflowProcess ( firstTask , nextTask ) ; process.start( workItem ) ; process.done( firstTask ) ; verify ( nextTask ) .start ( workItem ) ; } }
The corresponding implementation is :
public void done ( Task task ) { successorOf ( task ) .start ( workItem ) ; }
Mistakes we made learning mock objects
Unit testing is difficult .
It requires skill and practice .
Interaction based testing is the result of other developers ' struggles and can help you to improve your design .
It drives you towards more loosely coupled , more cohesive objects , with an emphasis on behavior instead of state .
Interaction based testing also requires practice , perhaps even more than ' traditional ' unit tests .
Mock objects are often incorrectly interpreted and used .
We will discuss some of the mistakes we made ourselves while learning interaction based testing with mock objects .
Tests need some love too , especially tests with mocks
Test driven development looks simple , but in practice , it is not easy at all .
It is hard to be disciplined enough to execute these small steps over and over again .
It is hard not to forget to refactor when tests pass .
It is particularly hard to remember taking good care of test code as well , rather than letting it descent into an unmaintainable pile of duplicate code blocks .
It is hard to separate objects so that they are testable independently .
We have written our share of unit tests that are hard to maintain .
We made it worse by adding multiple mocks and many expectations , to cut through those nasty dependencies .
We quickly found out that we have to give our test code love and attention as well to keep them understandable .
Tests that are complex and hard to understand do n't help us as they should .
We learned that pair programming and lot of practice helps us to overcome some of these difficulties .
Mocking objects , rather than roles
Our first mock objects where hand made objects registering expected and actual calls .
Implementing interfaces or deriving from concrete classes , did not feel like a big difference .
Most mock object frameworks allow mocking concrete classes .
This is not a problem per se .
We prefer however to mock interfaces , because it forces us to think about the different roles collaborating objects play and what responsibilities we want to delegate .
We have stepped into the pitfall of mocking concrete classes without keeping roles in mind .
As a result , we ended up with complicated tests , where different responsibilities of collaborators were all mixed up .
Sometimes it even results in describing almost arbitrary interactions between objects , with a mess of messages being sent back and forth .
Without clear roles , it becomes difficult to understand what the object under test is actually doing with its collaborators .
It is not so much about mocking interfaces versus mocking concrete classes .
It is about using interfaces as a tool to focus on roles instead of concrete objects .
Mocking getters
Another mistake we made is setting expectations for getters .
Our tests became brittle due to that mistake .
If production code calls a getter , then you should not care about when and how many times the getter is called .
A getter is a property that should be set once in the test ( i.e. stubbed ) and that should return one value independent of when and how many times it is called .
Another thing with getters is that having getters should make you sit back for a moment to think about your design .
Getters break encapsulation .
We frequently hear that this does n't have to be the case : getXxy can be a property of an object , but this does not say anything about how it has been implemented .
Perhaps xyz is computed from other fields .
GetXyz communicates however in the design that other objects can use the xyz property .
The getXyz getter is usually introduced because another object needs xyz to perform some behavior and that is exactly what encapsulation breaking is about .
An important question to ask here is : is property xyz in the wrong place or have I placed the behavior that uses it in the wrong place ?
Mocking has been conceived from the idea I do n't want any getters in my code !
Mocks are intended to verify messages sent to neighboring roles .
When an object needs to call a getter on a collaborator � yes , we know , preferably not � do n't mock the getters .
Use a stub instead to return a specific value , which will keep the test better readable .
Mocking ( almost ) everything
Inspired by the idea of mocking and focusing on interactions , we started out mocking every little detail .
Tests started looking just like the implementation , written in terms of expectations .
It became impossible to vary implementation a bit without breaking tests .
We have learned that there is a balance to everything .
Here the balance is about sufficiently capturing behaviour with expectations on the one hand , while leaving some room for the implementation to vary on the other hand .
A rule of thumb is to keep expectations on the same level of abstraction .
If you are for example testing an invoice class , you do n't set expectations on how the invoice interacts with a currency when calculating the total .
You do set expectations on how the invoice interacts with the client when the payment is due .
Mocks and objects running out of sync
We have put ourselves in situations where our expectations on mock objects did not match the actual behavior of the classes implementing these roles .
We got false positives from our tests : all unit tests passed , but the system as a whole did not work .
If you use tests with mocks , your tests contain assumptions about role behavior .
You have to make sure these assumptions match the actual behavior of the objects .
We have learned that unit tests are useful but not sufficient .
Integration tests are needed as well , to test that all the parts work together correctly .
Adding behavior to mocks
Back in the days when we crafted our own mock objects , we sometimes added behavior to them .
As a result , our mocks sometimes became a kind of simulators .
Our tests tested the simulators as well as production code .
While simulators can be useful in system level tests , they are harmful in unit tests .
They make unit tests unfocused and hard to read .
It becomes difficult to trace test failures to the root cause of the problem .
As a rule of thumb , the amount of behavior in mock objects should be restricted to returning values and unconditionally throwing exceptions .
Mocking external libraries
Many developers who have been introduced to mock objects , regard them as handy tools to stub external libraries .
We initially did this ourselves and even the inventors of mock objects started out this way .
Mocking external libraries is a pain however .
They usually do n't lend themselves for mocking , because they consist of many concrete classes where the effect of mocking a few methods is unknown .
Mocking external libraries makes your tests brittle .
This is amplified by the fact that external libraries tend to change over time , changes beyond your control .
Moreover , when you use mocks , you specify behavior that you expect from collaborators .
You should not copy expectations from existing behavior .
You can expect behavior from collaborators that you control , but not from collaborators you do n't control .
Remember that mocks are about responsibility driven design .
To cope with external libraries , write mock based tests against a thin adapter layer around the library and write intake - unit tests for this layer which integrate with the actual library .
Furthermore , write integration tests to ensure the system works together with the external library .
Summary
Object oriented design is the art of assigning the right responsibilities to the right objects .
Responsibility driven design amplifies responsibilities and behavior of objects .
It helps us focus on the roles objects play and the responsibilities associated with these roles .
Test Driven Development with mock objects does the same thing .
This leads to an interaction based style of testing and helps us to find new concepts and assign responsibilities in a Tell , Do n't Ask manner - telling objects what to do rather than asking them for information .
The resulting design consists of small , clear , autonomous , loosely coupled objects .
Although it is a useful tool , it still requires skill .
It is easy to create unreadable , unmaintainable tests and code .
You can improve your testing and design skills by practicing with other practitioners .
A recent trend in practicing development skills is the coding dojo ( www.codingdojo.org), analogous to dojos in martial arts .
A coding dojo is a workshop where you practice together with colleagues to improve your ( test driven ) development skills .
References
Check out the forthcoming book Growing Object - Oriented Software , Guided by Tests by the inventors of mock objects Steven Freeman and Nat Pryce �
http://www.mockobjects.com/book
Rebecca Wirfs - Brock & Alan McKean , Object Design : Roles , Responsibilities , and Collaborations , Addison - Wesley 2003
Kent Beck , Ward Cunningham , A Laboratory For Teaching Object - Oriented Thinking , 1989 - http://c2.com/doc/oopsla89/paper.html
Kent Beck , Test Driven Development : By Example , Addison - Wesley 2002
Martin Fowler , Mocks Are n't Stubs , 2004 � http://martinfowler.com/articles/mocksArentStubs.html
Tim Mackinnon , Steve Freeman , Philip Craig , Endo - Testing : Unit Testing with Mock Objects , 2000 - http://www.mockobjects.com/files/endotesting.pdf
Steve Freeman , Nat Pryce , Tim Mackinnon , Joe Walnes , Mock Roles , not Objects , 2004 - http://www.mockobjects.com/files/mockrolesnotobjects.pdf
Robert C. Martin , Agile Software Development , Principles , Patterns , and Practices , Prentice Hall 2002
Trygve Reenskaug , Working With Objects : The Ooram Software Engineering Method , Prentice Hall 1995
Click here to view the complete list of archived articles
This article was originally published in the Summer 2009 issue of Methods & Tools
By Michael Gerson - August 15 , 2009
WASHINGTON -- During live television coverage of the 1968 Democratic convention in Chicago , novelist Gore Vidal famously called William F. Buckley a " crypto - Nazi . "
To which Buckley famously replied ( in addition to other choice words ) , " Stop calling me a crypto - Nazi or I 'll sock you in the goddamn face and you 'll stay plastered . "
Buckley later apologized .
He also explained : " Can such men understand the causes of anger in others ?
Understand the special reverence we need to feel for that which is hateful ?
I do not believe that anyone thought me a Nazi because Vidal called me one , but I do believe that everyone who heard him call me one without a sense of shock , without experiencing anger , thinks more tolerantly about Nazism than once he did , than even now he should . "
In recent weeks , left and right have employed the Vidal tactic .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi accused town - hall protesters of " carrying swastikas , " leaving the impression they were proud Nazis -- when , in fact , a few protesters carried signs accusing Barack Obama of having Nazi aims ( bad enough ) .
Rep. Brian Baird , D - Wash . , declared the protesters guilty of " Brown Shirt tactics . "
Sen. Jim DeMint , R - S.C. , compared America under Obama to Germany in the 1930s .
Rush Limbaugh talked of " similarities between the Democrat Party of today and the Nazi Party in Germany . "
The accusation is a staple of American T - shirt and bumper - sticker political culture , found too often at liberal anti-war protests and conservative tea parties .
Anyone with a black felt pen , and the ability to draw a Hitler moustache on a poster , can make this witty , trenchant political statement .
Michael Moore compared the Patriot Act to " Mein Kampf . "
Al Gore warned of " digital Brown Shirts . "
This rhetorical strategy is intended to convey intensity of conviction , as in , " I am very , very , very serious , you Nazi jerk . "
Actually , it is a lazy shortcut to secure an emotional response .
Worse than that , it is an argument that puts an end to all argument .
What discourse is possible with the spawn of Hitler ?
And when someone is unjustly accused of Nazi tactics or sympathies , what response can we expect other than Buckley 's outrage ?
Let the head knocking begin .
Worst of all , the Vidal tactic does undermine the " special reverence we need to feel for that which is hateful . "
Nazism is not a useful symbol for everything that makes us angry , from Iraq to abortion .
It is a historical movement , unique in the ambitions of its cruelty .
Those who doubt this uniqueness should read Saul Friedlander 's " The Years of Extermination , " which records the Nazi terror with the same meticulousness that the Germans displayed in producing it .
Nazism was the " beard game , " in which the beards and sidelocks of Jews were pulled off or set afire before audiences of cheering soldiers .
It was the practice of making elderly Jews dance around a fire of burning Torah scrolls .
It was whole orphanages deported to death camps , and pits full of corpses , and ancient communities erased from human memory , and death factories issuing a thick smoke of souls , and a mother trading her gold ring for a glass of water to give her dying child .
Many who study these events think silence the only appropriate response .
" There is nothing , " says scholar Lawrence Langer , " to be learned from a baby torn in two or a woman buried live . "
But it is our nature to attempt to wrestle meaning from catastrophe .
So we draw lessons about the poison of racism , the dangers of blind obedience to authority , the corruption of grand schemes of social purity , the shallowness of civilization in " civilized " nations , and the hatred hiding within ordinary men and women .
These lessons are relevant to politics .
But they are trivialized when applied to Obama 's health insurance reform plan or the conduct of disorderly town - hall protesters .
The burning of the Reichstag and Kristallnacht are not arguments against a single - payer health plan or against the Patriot Act .
For the survivors of Nazism , memory is a kind of sacred duty .
The Vidal tactic desacralizes those memories -- shrinking them to the size of our political agendas and robbing them of their power to shock and teach .
The history of those times should be approached with fear and trembling , not mocked with metaphor .
Alphabet Coloring Pages With Animals –
If you are a parent that has study or are looking for something which [… ]
Researchers have found that generic American parents , faced with a child who ca n’t do math or science , will say “ Do n’t worry , Johnny , because you have so many other talents . ”
Asian parents , supposedly , will say “ Since you are n’t apparently naturally gifted at math or science you ’ll have to study extra hard in these areas , ” and not stop nagging until the kid is doing well .
This evening I encountered a woman talking about her kids .
“ They ’re just not numbers people .
I tell them it does n’t matter if they ca n’t do math or work with numbers because we ’re English and Social Studies people . ”
[ The mother who was speaking has an administrative job with a company contracting to the government of Massachusetts and her innumeracy has not , as far as she knows , hindered her ability to earn a living . ]
Custom Web Design Looking for high quality custom web design in Miami ?
Our highly creative and experienced team creates brilliant web designs that exceed our customer 's expectations .
Our creativity and professionalism is what sets us apart from our competition .
Let us build your company 's web site with the latest tools and technology to impress your customers .
View Details
Inbound Marketing Our Inbound Marketing services focus on attracting new customers to your business , and keeping your existing customers happy .
This approach to digital marketing requires a well thought out and structured effort from everyone involved , but offers incredible returns .
Inbound is currently the best method to grow your business online .
View Details
Top 10 Things to Always Pack Toronto Anime Walking Tour 10 Offbeat Tokyo Experiences Tilley Endurables Graffiti : Pure Artform Dinosaurs in YYZ Brooklyn Bridge Crossing How to Spend : $ 316.00 M.E.C. Shopping Extravaganza Departures : Travel Show
Making the best decisions out of auto insurance discounts is really one of the choicest things that you can make .
There is no need to rush into an auto insurance policy or decision .
You could just be checking out with the ones that are viable to check out what is suitable to you or not .
You could avoid making important mistakes later .
There are advantageous discounts out there that you can make the most use of .
You can significantly reduce your auto insurance policy with the impact your one - time premium can be helping you with .
There are possible ways to save money if you are aware of it and do n’t make a sudden decision out of this .
Understanding factors that keep auto insurance prices in check are also important .
The following are the usual categories under which your auto insurance packages may fall :
Bundling packages of insurance
Payment discounts
Early shopping or renewal methods
Coverage and deductibles
For instance if one was to look through the bundling package then it is really important to get the multi-policy as well as multi-vehicle discount made available to them .
There are ways of purchasing one ’s policies that are consolidated and made available through home owning and car insurance policies as well .
Many insurance companies will offer you the value of convenient insurances that will give you both savings of money and time .
It is possible to identify and separate your insurance policies and rates so that you can utilize and identify the tips as best as possible .
It is important to identify the different payment methods and discounts in order to help you maintain the best auto insurance deals .
The discount methods that come through Electronic Funds Transfer or EFT is also very important to note .
These discounts come with e-signatures that must also be followed with a solid document .
These discounts are easy to earn and important to get documenting policy .
Selecting the best of appropriate coverage and discount is also vitally important in order to save a whole lot of money .
It is good to know that your car would be safe from accident and you would not have to spend oodles of money .
There are interesting cost effective coverage charges that makes you understand the whole scenario .
If it makes sense then it is ok to pull through the whole thing with a cost effective solution .
Another way to lower a premium is through higher deduction of the selected premium .
The whole money saved could be deduced annually .
Also it makes sense to have the coverage charges of the car drop if the book value of the car is close to the coverage charges .
Some of the important vehicle related discounts that one must consider as well :
Safety and security related charges
The appropriate car type
Driving discounts
Driving discounts to depend on a number of things as a follow up :
Driving records ,
Driver ’s responsibility and past history ,
Driver ’s association and memberships ,
Low mileage discount accretion .
There are varied other types of coverage charges as well which are well worth exploring .
It is a good way to learn more about insurance policies and premiums .
List of discounts and premiums are also important to consider when you are applying for car insurance .
The Britts are at it again ….
If you are into wearing tailored tweed suits when you cruising around on your fixie , www.dashingtweeds.co.uk got a suit for you .
The cycle suit tailored by Russell Howarth is designed for the urban cyclist .
Using the Urban Check tweed design which is from the reflective LumatwillTM range .
This tweed has the added benenfit of Teflon coating , which prevents the tweed soaking up water if one gets caught in a shower .
The design includes specially cut cycling plus 5s which button up the sides , and a very clever action back to allow one to bend over down over the handbars when pedaling hard .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The only known survivor of the Yemenia flight which crashed into the Indian Ocean has arrived back in Paris on a French government plane .
The 12 - year - old girl , Baya Bakari , was found clinging to wreckage in the sea , hours after the crash .
The plane , going to the Comoros from Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , came down in bad weather with 153 people on board .
Yemenia has halted all flights in and out of Marseille in France , where many crash victims began their journey .
Mr Bakari said his daughter was fragile and barely able to swim Baya Bakari had been treated in hospital in the Comoros Islands for injuries thought to include a broken collar bone and burns .
She was accompanied on the journey back to France by medical staff and France 's Minister for Co-operation Alain Joyandet , who had flown to the Comoros after the crash .
On arrival at Bourget airport , she was taken by ambulance to a Paris hospital for further treatment .
" In the midst of the mourning , there is Baya , " Mr Joyandet told a news conference at the airport .
" It is a miracle , it is an absolutely extraordinary battle for survival . "
Find out more about the black box
He said France would do everything to help Baya , who had sent a message to the world that " almost nothing is impossible " .
Her father , Kassim Bakari , met her on arrival and said he was " relieved but at the same time sad " .
" I am happy I can see my daughter but at the same time , I lost my wife and it is not only my wife I mourn but for all the people who died in the crash , " he said .
' Timid girl ' Speaking from Paris on Wednesday , Mr Bakari said his daughter had been thrown from the plane as it hit the water .
He said she clearly recalled the chaos of her time in the water , including hearing voices around her in the darkness .
Demonstrators at Marseille welcomed the cancellation of the Yemenia flights " She 's a very timid girl , I never thought she would escape like that , " he said , adding that she was " fragile " and barely able to swim .
An uncle who visited the girl in hospital in Moroni told the BBC she did not yet know that her mother had died and had been told she was in another room .
The announcement that Yemenia had cancelled its Marseille flights was welcomed by about 100 Comoran expatriates , who were staging demonstrations at the airport to highlight what they call poor safety standards on the airline .
It could have been easier for us if France had communicated to us the list of Airbus planes not good to fly
Idi Nadhoim ,
Comoros vice - president
In pictures : Yemeni plane crash
How to survive a plane crash Earlier on Thursday about 500 protesters attempted to block Yemenia check - in counters , and the daily flight to Moroni was cancelled for the second day running .
There were also protests at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris .
The EU and France have both said they highlighted safety concerns over Yemenia planes and that the jet that crashed had not flown into EU airspace since 2007 .
The French transport ministry said on Tuesday that the Airbus 310 plane had been banned from France because of " irregularities " .
Yemenia responded by criticising " false information and speculation about technical problems " on the plane .
Manslaughter case
The vice - president of the Comoros , Idi Nadhoim , also said France had not told them the plane was unsafe .
See large map and timeline Ties that bind : Comoros and France ' Miracle ' of Comoros crash girl Are children more likely to survive ?
" It could have been easier for us if France had communicated to us the list of Airbus planes not good to fly , which is not the case , " he told France 24 television .
The French AFP news agency reported that the authorities were investigating whether a manslaughter case could be opened , but it was unclear against whom .
The cause of the crash has not yet been identified but officials believe it is unlikely more survivors will be found .
Sunken plane Attempts are continuing to locate the plane and its black box flight recorders .
Ibrahim Abdourazak , of the Comoros rescue centre , told Reuters it was likely the victims ' bodies were still inside the sunken plane .
" In two days we have n't found a body , any large pieces of debris or suitcases floating on the water , " he said .
There were 66 French nationals among the passengers .
Most of the rest were Comorans , and most had flown on a different Yemenia aircraft from Paris or Marseille before boarding flight IY626 in Sanaa .
Mr Joyandet said that Comoros and France were working " arm in arm to find out everything that happened " .
The crash was the second involving an Airbus aircraft in recent weeks .
On 1 June an Air France Airbus 330 travelling from Rio de Janeiro to Paris plunged into the Atlantic , killing all 228 people on board .
HOW THE BLACK BOX WORKS
Flight data recorders , or " black boxes " , are in fact orange or red .
Commercial aircraft carry two .
One logs performance and condition of aircraft in flight , another records conversations of crew and their contact with Air Traffic controllers during the flight .
The Crash Survivable Memory Unit ( CSMU ) contains a memory board surrounded by thermal insulation and steel armour that can withstand a crash impact thousands of times the force of gravity and survive in the sea at depths of 20,000 ft ( 6,096 m ) .
The CSMU is insulated to sustain temperatures up to 1,100C for up to an hour or " low " temperature fires of around 260C for 10 hours .
An underwater locator beacon fitted on recorders emits continuous ultrasonic " ping " when they come into contact with water .
The signal can reach the surface from depths of 14,000ft .
Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Shame page will be offline until entries are updated .
Hosting provided by telepoint.bg
ANARCHISM AND OTHER ESSAYSTable of Contents
In addition to constitutional limits on state power to interfere with religious discrimination by religious groups , federal law offers explicit protections to public school students engaged in religious activities .
The federal Equal Access
Act prohibits school administrators from denying student groups , like Truth , equal access or opportunity based on religion .
Naturally Truth claimed that denying it official status violated the Act .
The court countered by narrowly interpreting the Act 's requirements , holding that the school 's refusal to recognize Truth was based on a " content neutral " rule against discriminatory membership requirements and was not directed at the " religious content " of the groups ' speech .
Maybe in the abstract the court 's reasoning makes sense , to lawyers batting arguments around .
But as a practical matter , it seems difficult if not impossible to distinguish between the group 's right to choose members who share its religious beliefs and the group 's right to express and uphold those beliefs .
In Truth v Kent , the 9th circuit trivialized what the 7th circuit stressed in CLS v Walker - the central role of membership criteria in forging the group 's message : the membership is the message , at least in part .
The 9th circuit relied on a legal fiction - that " the school is not denying Truth access based solely on its religious viewpoint , but rather on its refusal to comply with the District 's non-discrimination policy . "
It 's a fiction that ignores Truth 's apparent inability to abide by District policy without violating its religious views .
The harm to a sectarian religious group of conditioning official recognition on a change in its membership rules and message is obvious .
How might others be harmed if groups like the Christian Legal Society or Truth were recognized without altering their messages ?
Students who disagree with Truth that the Bible is the only infallible word of God or who consider CLS 's beliefs about sexual conduct intolerant , anachronistic , or utterly unrealistic are free not to seek CLS or Truth membership , which would probably not offer them many like - minded colleagues anyway .
But critics of these membership requirements are not content simply to take their business elsewhere ; they want to deny the offending clubs official recognition partly because recognition generally entails financial as well as in - kind support and what some consider a symbolic endorsement .
As the dissent pointed out in CLS v Walker , " CLS is trying to force an affiliation between itself and a state institution . "
Can CLS claim the inviolate rights of a purely private association to discriminate when it seeks to avail itself of public support ?
The Supreme Court effectively answered that question in the affirmative when it upheld the rights of the Boy Scouts to exclude gay people , despite the public subsidies it enjoyed .
But questions about the BSA 's right to public support have lingered : Dale was something of a pyrrhic victory for the Scouts , which lost private and public sponsorship in the controversy over its exclusion of gay people ; recently , for example , the BSA has been battling an effort by the City of Philadelphia to evict it from public space it has occupied for years .
Questions about public support for exclusionary private groups are even more complicated when they involve sectarian religious activities .
In l995 , in Rosenberger v University of Virginia , the Supreme Court required a public university to finance a Christian student newspaper engaged in religious proselytizing .
The university relied on its policy denying support for all sectarian activities , in the apparent belief that funding the newspaper would violate constitutional strictures against establishing religion .
The Court , however , held that not funding the paper was viewpoint discrimination in violation of the group 's religious freedom .
( In Truth v Walker , the 9th circuit distinguished Rosenberger by holding that denying recognition to the student bible club was not analogous to denying funding for a newspaper and did not constitute viewpoint discrimination . )
If you 're confused by these cases and the conflicts between guarantees of private associational or religious rights and prohibitions on publicly supported discrimination or sectarian proselytizing , you can appreciate the challenges they present to the federal courts - and the unavoidable , variable judgment calls that metaphoric " umpires " on the bench are required to make .
In my view , both Rosenberger and Truth v Kent were wrongly decided , with Rosenberger requiring unconstitutional state support for sectarian religious activities and Truth v Kent disregarding students '
First Amendment religious and associational freedoms .
But my view entails value judgments too : I consider the state interest in avoiding entanglement with sectarian religious activities , like publishing a proselytizing newspaper , more compelling than the state interest in imposing its vision of equality on religious groups .
Providing public support to discriminatory groups is legally problematic , of course , but at least in the school club cases , it seems a lesser threat than requiring private associations to abide by popular mandates to diversify , even , or especially at the expense of their religious beliefs .
You do n't have to be a whiny wing - nut to wonder if the denial of official status to Christian student groups reflects some measure of political correctness :
Truth was denied official status partly because of objections to its name , which was insufficiently ecumenical , I guess .
And both CLS v Walker and Truth v Kent involved credible claims that school non-discrimination policies had been applied discriminately to Christian student groups and not , for example , to single sex clubs or even other religious groups .
Conservative Christian groups convinced that they tread the one and only path to eternal salvation and liberals insistent that only their notion of diversity advances public welfare on earth obviously diverge ideologically , but they share a mistrust of dissent .
What 's troubling about the liberal mandate for equality reflected in these cases is the ideological conformity it demands .
High school and college administrators who deny Christian groups official recognition engage in the discriminatory conduct they condemn - excluding people who will not pledge allegiance to official views .
The difference is that private religious groups have essential First Amendment rights to exclude heretics ; public officials have an obligation to protect them .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Flags fly outside of the Goldman Sachs headquarters building in the financial district of New York May 8 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
( Reuters ) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein told employees to avoid making high profile purchases , the New York Post said , citing sources .
Blankfein , who first asked employees to avoid large purchases late last year , has stepped up his campaign in recent weeks , a source told the paper .
“ This is a sensitive time for us , and wants to make sure that we ’re not being seen living high on the hog , ” the paper quoted an anonymous Goldman executive as saying .
Goldman has faced a torrent of unwanted publicity recently including an unflattering story in Rolling Stone magazine , which accused the bank of having a key role in various market bubbles stretching back to the 1920s .
A Goldman spokeswoman declined to comment to the paper .
Goldman could not be immediately reached for comment by Reuters after regular U.S. business hours .
Last week New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , in a report into compensation paid by banks , said employee pay “ has become unmoored from the banks ’ financial performance .
Share this
By Tim Duy ,
Oregon Economic Forum
Highlights of latest report ,
The UO Index dropped 0.4 percent in July , but the overall behavior of the Index in recent months continues to indicate that Oregon will exit recession in the second half of 2009 .
Highlights include :
• Initial jobless claims edged drifted lower , but the pace of improvement has slowed markedly compared to earlier this year ; the slow pace of improvement is consistent with concerns that this will be a “ jobless recovery , ” in which the economy enters a recovery phase but growth remains insufficient to generate significant job growth .
On a more hopeful note , payrolls at employment services firms edged up , possibly indicating more willingness to hire temporary workers .
• Residential housing permits ( smoothed to account for monthly volatility ) fell again , continuing to drag down the overall index .
For comparison , the NOT seasonally adjusted ( raw ) figure for July 2009 was 705 permits .
The comparable figure for July 2008 was 1,446 permits ; for July 2006 , the figure was 2,107 .
• New orders for core manufactured goods decline , but the previous month ’s figure was revised upward ; the overall uptrend since this past spring points to firmer business spending plans .
Consumer confidence gained ; note that consumer spending was up in July , boosted by the “ Cash for Clunkers ” program .
Still , less access to credit markets , and less willingness to use credit , suggests further headwinds for consumer spending that will restrain growth .
Note that the UO Index is likely to be a coincident measure of activity as the economy exits the recession .
In other words , the UO Index is most likely to increase when the Oregon economy begins to recover .
The overall improvement in the six - month rate of change since the spring points to recovery in the second half of this year .
Also note that more than half the index components improved over the past six months , another indication that the economy is poised to recover ( the index itself , however , was still lower , largely due to the depressing effect of falling residential permits ) .
The durability and sustainability of the recovery , however , remains in doubt as the economy continues to adjust away from a debt - supported consumer driven dynamic .
Mrs Leake said her daughter would have wanted to help her
Rachel Leake interview
A mother who urgently needs a kidney transplant has branded the system which denied her the organs of her dying daughter as " ridiculous " .
Laura Ashworth , 21 , from Bierley , near Bradford , West Yorkshire , died on 2 April , two days after an asthma attack .
Her mother Rachel Leake , 39 , has kidney failure , but Ms Ashworth 's kidneys were given to strangers .
Despite her personal wish to help her mother Ms Ashworth 's organs went to others on the transplant waiting list .
Ms Ashworth , the mother of a two - year - old girl , was on the NHS Organ Donor Register , which records a person 's wish to donate organs after death .
She had also told her mother she would be prepared to be a " living donor " , but had not begun the formal process .
Laura 's helped three people through this , but Laura would have wanted to help me
Rachel Leake
How the system works
As a result Ms Ashworth 's kidneys and liver were given to three patients on the UK Transplant waiting list .
Mrs Leake said the regulations should be changed .
" I believe it should be overturned , I really do , " she said .
" It 's an absolutely ridiculous law .
Laura 's helped three people through this , but Laura would have wanted to help me .
To help her mum . "
The 21 - year - old , who had always been an asthmatic , had a coughing fit on 31 March and collapsed at the home which she shared with her daughter and mother .
By the time the ambulance arrived , Ms Ashworth 's brain had been starved of oxygen .
She died two days later in the intensive care unit of Bradford Royal Infirmary .
A person cannot choose to whom their organ can be given when they die ; nor can their family
Adrian McNeil , Human Tissue Authority chief executive
Her mother has suffered from kidney failure for seven years after developing complications from diabetes .
The Human Tissue Authority ( HTA ) , the body responsible for implementing the consent requirements of the Human Tissue Act 2004 , defended its decision to allocate Ms Ashworth 's organs to strangers .
Adrian McNeil , chief executive of the HTA , said : " The central principle of matching and allocating organs from the deceased is that they are allocated to the person on the UK Transplant waiting list who is most in need and who is the best match with the donor .
" In line with this central principle , a person cannot choose to whom their organ can be given when they die ; nor can their family . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
My daughter was the recipient of a life saving heart transplant , and as sorry as I feel for this family , I believe that the principle should be adhered to Jodie Lansdale , Brighton ' Tragic case '
However , he said the HTA recognised there may be exceptional situations when this rule might be reconsidered and it was taking soundings from professionals and organisations representing families before deciding if the rules should be changed .
In the meantime , it had decided there should be no change to the current system of allocating an organ according to need .
The family 's MP Gerry Sutcliffe said : " This is a very sad and tragic case .
" You can understand the unique circumstances of a family where the mother needs to have a transplant and the daughter wants to help .
" One would hope that in a situation like this they [ the HTA ] could be very flexible ; they have not been flexible in this case . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Going green , Peachy , Wildlife — By Roberta on August 9 , 2009 at 6:34 am
Since 2006 , when people started counting , it is estimated that the honey bee population in North America has declined by up to 70 % due to colony collpase disorder , in which the worker bees in a colony suddenly disappear and the colony dies .
The same thing is happening in Europe .
Nobody knows just why the bees are disappearing , but everyone agrees that it ’s definitely worrisome , since bees pollinate most fruits and vegetables as well as a wide variety of flowers , trees , and grains .
You do n’t even want to contemplate what life would be like without them .
Farmers , scientists , and beekeepers are scrambling to keep the bees alive and to find out what is causing the problem .
Suspects include pesticides and chemical fertilizers , air pollution , global warming , viruses , micro waves , stress , malnutrition , loss of habitat and dozens of other things – some logical , some not .
How You Can Help
Research is underway but in the meantime there are a few practical things we can all do to help .
As a practical measure , we can make life easier for the bees by planting gardens and lawns filled with lots and lots of their favorite flowers .
A wildflower meadow instead of a suburban lawn , once established , is less work and creates a lower carbon footprint than a conventional grass lawn .
Think about turning your lawn , which needs to be fed , fertilized , weeded and mowed into a wildflower meadow– less labor intensive , more natural , and paradise for butterflies , birds and bees .
Think of the photo ops .
Imagine being able to retire the old mower and never having to fertilize or feed your lawn again .
Converting a conventional lawn to wildflowers will take about three years .
The first year , just stop feeding and weedkilling .
Keep mowing weekly during the summer to weaken the grass .
Some wild flowers and weeds will spring up .
Pull up the weeds and let the flowers bloom .
During the second year , add wildflower seedlings ( not seeds ) .
Many wildflower nurseries will supply these .
Since wildflowers are perennials , they take about three years to really take hold .
You are better off getting seedlings a year or two old than broadcasting seed which can easily be choked out by weeds .
By year three you should have a blooming meadow in your back yard that is no mow and home to birds , butterflies , and most importantly , a haven for bees .
Did you see “ Bee Movie ” ?
We really need bees !
The bees will thank you if you put in a wildflower meadow .
In fact , I ’ll bet you ’ll be the “ bee ’s knees ” in your neighborhood .
-- Posted Thursday , 20 August 2009 | Digg This Article | | Source : GoldSeek.com
Peter Schiff debunks Warren Buffett 's assertion that the best way to get out of debt is to go deeper into debt .
-- Posted Thursday , 20 August 2009 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com - Peter Schiff C.E.O. and Chief Global Strategist
Euro Pacific Capital , Inc .
10 Corbin Drive , Suite B
Darien , Ct. 06840
800-727-7922
www.europac.net
schiff@europac.net
Mr. Schiff is one of the few non-biased investment advisors ( not committed solely to the short side of the market ) to have correctly called the current bear market before it began and to have positioned his clients accordingly .
As a result of his accurate forecasts on the U.S. stock market , commodities , gold and the dollar , he is becoming increasingly more renowned .
He has been quoted in many of the nation 's leading newspapers , including The Wall Street Journal , Barron's , Investor 's Business Daily , The Financial Times , The New York Times , The Los Angeles Times , The Washington Post , The Chicago Tribune , The Dallas Morning News , The Miami Herald , The San Francisco Chronicle , The Atlanta Journal - Constitution , The Arizona Republic , The Philadelphia Inquirer , and the Christian Science Monitor , and has appeared on CNBC , CNNfn . , and Bloomberg .
In addition , his views are frequently quoted locally in the Orange County Register .
Mr. Schiff began his investment career as a financial consultant with Shearson Lehman Brothers , after having earned a degree in finance and accounting from U.C. Berkley in 1987 .
A financial professional for seventeen years he joined Euro Pacific in 1996 and has served as its President since January 2000 .
An expert on money , economic theory , and international investing , he is a highly recommended broker by many of the nation 's financial newsletters and advisory services .
Previous Articles by YouTube
Not long ago , the owner of a Majorcan palace found 13th - century graffiti on his basement wall .
It was scrawled there by a knight en route to the Crusades .
Translated , it read : " Sod the Arabs . "
I owe this sublime quotation to last Saturday 's Financial Times property section – the only FT worth reading during the week , only to be perused , of course , after purchasing Saturday 's Independent – but it coincided with a whole series of bons mots on the Arab world which I 've been hoovering up from a collection of letters and books of the 1920s and 1930s .
Many turn up in letters to Lawrence of Arabia after the 1914 - 18 war – although my favourite is a remark by Charles Doughty ( of Arabia Deserta fame ) to Lawrence himself .
According to Robert Graves ( Goodbye to All That ) , Lawrence told him that he had once asked Doughty why he had undertaken his Arabian adventure .
" His answer , " Lawrence told Graves , " was that he had gone there ' to redeem the English language from the slough into which it had fallen since the time of Spencer ' . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Poor old Arabs , it 's as well that Gertrude Bell had some sympathy with them , albeit heavy with cynicism .
Here she is , writing to Lawrence in 1920 , advocating the creation of Arab governments before signing a peace with the Turks .
" I took the example of Syria ; Palestine is even better but we had n't appointed a King of the Jews when I first began the campaign here .
We 've paid for our failure to make good our promises .
We had a terrific Ramadhan [ sic ] with big religio- political meetings in the mosques 3 or 4 times a week , Sunnis and Shiahs [ sic ] falling into one another 's arms & swearing eternal alliance ( against us of course ) & finally a serious outbreak in Diwaniyah ... "
And here 's the governor of Bombay , Sir George Lloyd , writing to Lawrence of the same region and in the same year .
" Was there ever so fatal and disastrous a muddle over Egypt , Syria , Palestine and Mesopotamia ...
If we had taken and kept the Basra - Kurna bit , & taken & kept Alexandretta and told the Franks that it was not Syria & stuck to that and let the rest rip we should have had the peoples inside all on our side against everyone outside – Now what ? "
The same cynicism again .
Tell the French to get stuffed ( Syria came under the post - Great War French mandate , which then included the Turkish – once Armenian – port of Alexandretta ) and sod the Arabs .
Ten years later , Frederic Manning – who wrote the wonderful First World War novel of the Somme , Her Privates
We – was writing a note of praise for Lawrence 's Seven Pillars of Wisdom and at least tried to enter the Arab mind ( as Lawrence himself had done ) .
Manning described the wartime Arab revolt , led by Lawrence , as " so ambiguous , a racial movement striving to assume a national character , the nomad entering into possessions , arresting his own movement by prescribing a boundary to it .
You took me right back to Genesis and Job ...
Job , of course , was an Arab , and his present day progeny stand in the same relation to Allah as he stood in relation to Jahveh , so passionately asserting his own individuality against that engulphing [ sic ] one - ness ... "
The problem , of course , as Bell had noticed long before , was that the boundary the Arabs had in mind included all of a land called Palestine .
Many of these quotations come from the long out - of - print Letters to T. E. Lawrence , which also includes a wonderful 1922 description by Doughty of King Abdullah ( father of the future King Hussain ) , who was " not much pleased with anything he saw here in England .
He could not approve of the endless movement & rush of human life in these parts .
He esteemed himself a great personage ... "
Then suddenly we come across a letter of infinite politeness from an Arab , to Lawrence from King Feisal I of Iraq .
" I can not but send to you my cordial thanks for the interest you have had of our affairs despite your being at far distant [ sic ] from us ... I wish you pleasant long life ...
I close by reiterating my wishes for your everlasting prosperity and happy days .
Your friend Feisal . "
This is the same Feisal earlier described by Cunninghame Graham as " a charming man and the only Oriental I ever saw , who looks really well in European clothes ... "
Some references to the Arabs are an attempt at humour .
Ezra Pound addressed Lawrence as " My Dear Hadji ben Abt el Bakshish , Prince de Mecque , " and Winston Churchill , whose early work on the Sudanese campaign contains plenty of anti-Arab racism , would address Lawrence as " My dear ' Lurens ' , " because that 's how Arabs pronounced Lawrence 's name .
No one , I hastily add , could ever beat Noel Coward 's wonderful opening to a letter to Lawrence when our hero was posing as an anonymous aircraftsman with a mere service number for a name .
" Dear 338171 , " Coward begins .
" May I call you 338 ? "
That 's almost as good as the Second World War cartoon by Pont of an English gentleman lifting the phone in 1940 and telling the operator : " Get me Messerschmitt 109 . "
But what was it that bestowed upon our recent ancestors such marked ill - humour towards the Arabs ?
Even Caroline Doughty ( Charles ' wife ) would write of the painter Eric Kennington that " he is so imbued with the strange strongly marked features of the Arabs that it will be sometime before he can return to European colouring and softness of touch . "
At least this does n't match David Garnett 's remark that he was afraid Lawrence had joined the RAF " as returned Crusaders used to go into monasteries ...
Holy Men are anathema to me ; I hate Fakirs ... "
Siegfried Sassoon , who served in Palestine as well as the Western Front in the Great War , wrote of Seven Pillars that " I have savoured your Hejaz hardships .
Have , in fact , enjoyed all the fun without so much as a grain of sand in my cup or the least touch of dysentery ! "
George Bernard Shaw shrugged off Lawrence 's assumed anonymity in the RAF with the exclamation that " the people have their rights too ...
They want to you to appear always in glory , crying , ' This is I , Lawrence , Prince of Mecca ! '
To live under a cloud is to defame God . "
Perhaps that is the problem .
We like the Arabs if we pose at being an Arab .
Otherwise , the undertow of all these remarks echoes the crusading knight who wrote so imperishably on the wall of that Majorcan palace .
George Russell , a jazz composer , educator and musician whose theories led the way to radical changes in jazz in the 1950s and ’60s , died on Monday in the Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston .
He was 86 and lived in Boston .
The cause was complications of Alzheimer ’s disease , said his wife , Alice .
Though he largely operated behind the scenes and was never well known to the general public , Mr. Russell was a major figure in one of the most important developments in post - World War II jazz : the emergence of modal jazz , the first major harmonic change in the music after bebop .
Bebop , the modern style pioneered by Charlie Parker , Dizzy Gillespie and others , had introduced a new level of harmonic sophistication , based on rapidly moving cycles of dense and sometimes dissonant chords .
Modal jazz , as popularized by Miles Davis and John Coltrane , sought to give musicians more freedom and to simplify the harmonic playing field by , in essence , replacing chords with scales as the primary basis for improvisation .
Mr. Russell explained the concept in great detail in a book that came to be considered the bible of modal jazz , “ The Lydian Chromatic Concept of Tonal Organization for Improvisation . ”
Conceived during bouts with tuberculosis in the 1940s , the book was originally self - published in 1953 and published as a book six years later .
A final revised edition was published as Volume 1 in 2001 ; Mr. Russell had been working on a second volume .
A common misconception among idiots who go by their ears rather than their brain .
The real way to say it is " Could HAVE " , i.e . " I could HAVE gone to the party " , rather than " I could OF gone to the party " .
It 's a common mistake , generally caused because the phrase " Could have " is said so quickly that it is conceived as " Could of " , but that 's wrong .
Should of " is the exact same but slightly less common mistake .
Whether it ’s your portfolio , a blog , a marketing web site , or a collection of games , we all want to attract visitors to our website and to ensure that they have a pleasant experience .
Usability measures the level of a user ’s experience and can be characterized by how easily a given task can be completed ; whether it ’s done with prior knowledge , or by having the user learn a new way to interact .
I think Jakob Nielson probably explained it best when he said :
“ Usability is a quality attribute that assesses how easy user interfaces are to use .
The word “ usability ” also refers to methods for improving ease –of–use during the design process . ”
In this article I hope to give you some form of a usability checklist , covering topics from form design to simple navigation tips that you can apply to any Web project .
1. Creating active navigation
Letting the user know what section of the site they ’re in , or what category they ’re navigating through can be give a huge usability boost to any site .
Active navigation is one of those usability concepts that are almost automatic at this point .
And we all have our own way of creating it .
The ideal situation for creating active navigation is to do it server - side , because it massively cuts down on the amount of HTML and CSS needed .
If generating an active state server - side is n’t an option , manipulating your body element to style each navigation element directly is also a fine choice .
As a third option , you can easily create active navigation with JavaScript .
Your active navigation state should always be different from your hover state .
2. Clickable labels & buttons
When you take the time to mark up a form properly a user can click a label to activate the associated form element and there ’s a really easy way to show it off .
This is a great piece of functionality built right into HTML .
Unfortunately , very few users know about this natural gem of user interface .
Letting the user know a label is clickable only takes a line or two of CSS ( depending on how you write it ) to change the cursor from the default text insert to a more clickable and friendly pointer .
By now everyone ’s well aware that submit buttons are clickable .
I ’ve always thought it was weird that this – obviously clickable – element does n’t use the same cursor as a link .
So I like to apply this bit of CSS to buttons as well :
label , button , input[ type = " submit " ] {cursor : pointer;}
3 . Linking your logo
Not linking a logo to your site ’s home page is one of the more frustrating things I ’ve come across on the Web .
I ca n’t understand why someone would n’t so this .
It ’s so easy , and by now , it ’s safe to say , users expect it .
Linking your logo is so common nowadays that many sites are finding that having a link labeled “ Home ” is n’t useful anymore , as users are just clicking the logo to navigate to the home page .
Sites such as Facebook , track user clicks by adding the “ ref ” parameter to each navigational element .
Below is an example of how Facebook links their logo :
4 . Increasing the hit area on a link
About a year ago , Ryan Singer from 37 Signals wrote an article about how they padded link targets for better mousing in Basecamp .
This is another small usability trick that you can use by simply adding some padding around links to make the clickable area larger .
This is a great addition to any site and it can help prevent misclicking on a link , which can often be a little frustrating .
It also helps a lot in mobile Web design , where users click with their fingers and really need that extra large hit area on a link .
5 . Adding focus to form fields
Applying focus to a form field is a growing trend in UI design .
It lets the user know that what they just did caused something to happen ( did that make sense ? ) .
It ’s a quick and easy way to pass useful , unobtrusive information onto the user .
Saying something like : “ Hey !
You just clicked here . ”
Can be very useful .
6. Providing a useful 404 page
Making the user feel comfortable is very important and displaying a big Apache error message on the screen is n’t the best way to accomplish that .
A useful 404 page can go a long way and it does n’t have to contain the numbers “ 4 ” or “ 0 ” , as they are n’t very helpful to anyone other than the developer .
Besides this , no one really needs to know the error code for anything that happens behind the scenes .
Users just want a site to work the way they expect it to .
On the off chance a user does find themself on a “ Page not found ” , it ’s much more helpful to lead them somewhere where they might be able to locate the information they ’re looking for , by providing some apologetic text , a search box , or suggest some possible destinations .
But try not to put the blame on the user for landing on a wrong URL .
Blogussion wrote a great article about creating an informative 404 page that lists some very good tips and even some code for those WordPress users among us .
7 . Using language to create a casual environment
Writing on the Web is a big topic right now .
It ’s like we ’re going down some giant checklist dealing with issues : HTML , CSS , progressive enhancement , accessibility , writing for the Web , and the all encompassing “ Web standards ” .
We ’re hearing a lot about writing on the Web and it seems to keep changing .
From the days of Steve Krug telling us to cut our content in half to using bulleted lists wherever possible .
Now we ’re all supposed to write like we ’re talking to a friend and it all goes back to making the user feel like they ’re in a comfortable environment .
When you keep the copy on your site casual , it makes a user feel less stressed , so even when they do encounter something confusing they can still feel a sense of relaxation and informality as they search for their answer .
8 . Applying line height for readability
Line height is one of the things that can be directly inherited from physical media , such as books and newspapers .
These sources have been around for hundreds of years and have had plenty of time to master readability and line height .
So the next time you ’re stuck on this , do n’t be afraid to crack open a textbook and check it out .
This is an aspect of Web design that can be easily overlooked and easily abused .
I usually start off with a line height of about 1.4em and adjust it from there , based on the design and content .
9 . Utilizing white space to group elements
Grouping items together is one of the easiest ways to show association .
You can do it with images , borders , or just plain old white space .
Using white space to group elements creates natural associations between related elements that , even when read at a glance , can be easily picked up by the user .
As the eye scans a page , a user will naturally read the headings first .
This happens a lot with top 10 lists ( :: ahem : : ) .
Hopefully , the content is interesting enough to grab some attention and entice the user to read a little more closely .
You push users in the right direction by designing your content in a way so that things that are related actually look like they ’re related .
10 .
Being accessible
By being accessible , I do n’t mean Section 508 and ADA compliance .
Accessibility , in this case , means being there for your users when they have a problem ( responsiveness ) .
If usability is all about trying to make sure your users do n’t get frustrated and leave , responsiveness is your last line of defense against losing that user to one of the millions of competitors who are a short click away .
Ultimately , you can do all the testing that you want and follow all of the usability advice that you can get your hands on , but everybody is different .
Users will get confused and lost and eventually need some help .
The amount of time you leave a user confused can be the difference between someone who will come back and someone who wo n’t .
When talking about accessibility , many people default to a conversation about the visually impaired , but accessibility extends far beyond that .
For example , you have to make your web site accessible to users with bandwidth restrictions ( dial - up connections , cell service , slow networks ) and older browsers ( some companies wo n’t let employees upgrade browsers ) .
If we do our best to make our sites as accessible as possible and respond quickly to questions we can create an overall experience that will leave the user constantly wanting more .
Customer service matters … even on a blog .
Written exclusively for WDD by Tim Wright , web designer / developer and blogger .
You can find more of his writing at CSSKarma or follow Tim on Twitter .
Do you follow all these principles on your websites ?
How can we create a better and more usable web ?
We ’d love to hear your comments …
The usual concern about the US - China balance of economic and political power is couched in terms of our relative international payments positions .
We ’ve run a large current account deficit in recent years ( imports above exports ) ; they still have – by some measures – the largest current account surplus ( exports above imports ) even seen in a major country .
They accumulate foreign assets , i.e. , claims on other countries , such as the US .
We issue a great deal of debt that is bought by foreigners , including China .
There are some legitimate concerns in this framing of the problem – no country can increase its net foreign debt ( relative to GDP ) indefinitely without facing consequences .
And the Obama administration , ever since the Geithner - Clinton flipflop on China ’s exchange rate policy early in 2009 , seems quite captivated by this way of thinking :
Will they buy our debt ?
Can we control our budget deficit ?
What happens if China dumps its dollars ?.
The reason real to worry about China , however , has very little to do with external balances , China ’s dollar holdings , or even capital flows .
It ’s about productivity and rent - seeking .
China mostly invests in activities that raise productivity , raising the amount of goods and services that they can produce .
This could be manufacturing or infrastructure or various kinds of services .
Agriculture lags but continues to get some new investment .
And of course they pour money into education .
I ’m not a fan of the Chinese way of organizing their economy or their society .
They no doubt have weaknesses that will catch up with them eventually ( including waves of overinvestment in some sectors ) , and there ’s good reason to think they will be the center of a big new “ Asia Century ” Bubble that is just now starting to emerge .
But contrast their pattern of investment in recent years with ours .
What sector in our economy has expanded more than any other ?
Where should you work if you want both the highest wages on average , potentially very big bonuses , and quasi- retirement by age 40 ?
Finance .
Of course , we need finance and an important part of modern economic development involves intermediating savings and investment .
The US did this well , with some bumps in the road , and built a system that worked through the 1960s or 1970s .
But finance as a share of our activities ( i.e. , percent of GDP ) has roughly doubled in the past 40 years .
What has this really added in terms of productivity ?
The ATM and the credit card were great breakthroughs , but they are old .
What has “ financial innovation ” brought us since the 1980s ?
One answer , of course , is “ hedging strategies ” that lower the cost of doing business for companies large and small .
This is plausible , although not likely to be large relative to the economy – send me your favorite study on the cost of capital since 1990 ( you choose the definition ) , and we can talk about whether this effect is significant , sustainable , or even sensible .
Because financial innovation has mostly facilitated a big increase in finance .
If a sector grows , pays more wages , and rises as a share of GDP , surely this is a good thing ?
Not necessarily – if this is a rent - seeking sector .
Rent - seeking means effectively a tax extracted by one sector from the rest of the economy .
We ’re used to thinking of this as something that occurs through trade restrictions and the big breakthroughs in this area came from analysis of tariffs and quotas ( Anne Krueger , Jagdish Bhagwati ) .
If a tariff , for example , will make your life cushy , you will devote great resources to getting one established or increased – irrespective of the effects on the rest of the economy ( call this strategy “ let ’s hammer the unprotected consumer ” ) .
Finance is rent - seeking .
The sector has devoted great resources to tilting all playing fields in its direction .
Consumers are taken advantage of ; consumer protection is vehemently opposed .
And great risks are taken , with the downside handed off to the government ( and the consumers again , as taxpayers ) .
This downside protection allows an overexpansion of debt - financed finance – reaching the preposterous levels seen in mid-2008 and now re-emerging .
Finance in its modern American form is not productive .
It is not conducive to further sustained economic growth .
The GDP accruing from these activities is illusory – most of finance is simply a tax on what is done by more productive members of society and a diversion of talent away from genuinely productivity - enhancing activities .
The rise of China does not necessarily imply slowdown or demise for the United States .
But if they specialize in making things and we specialize in finance , they will eat our lunch .
On an urgent basis , we need real consumer protection against predatory financial practices and an end to all forms of Too Big To Fail behavior – which is actually just the biggest , nastiest form of predation .
This is our most pressing national and international strategic priority .
By Simon Johnson
Three men have been arrested in the Israeli Occupied Golan Heights town of Majdal Shams according to PNN .
The three were protesting those killed during protests by Palestinian refugees during at the Syrian side of the border during Naksa Day .
The Israeli military has declared the Golan a closed military zone and has maintained a large presence there in anticipation of further protests by those on the Israeli side of the border and Palestinian refugees in Syria .
Israel may have to establish further border patrol units if the situation on the Syrian border continues .
Currently the region is being policed by four of Israel ’s army battalions which should be undertaking training for war .
Israel accuses Syrian regime head Basher Assad of encouraging the border protests in an effort to take pressure from his tenuous hold on Syrian politics .
The exile Syrian opposition party in America claims that Assad was paying $ 10,000 to family members of those killed during the protests .
An official at the Pakistani interior ministry told the Daily Telegraph : " The Americans said we have been raising this issue with you time and again .
These elements are attacking Nato forces in southern Afghanistan , especially in Helmand .
The Americans said ' If you do n't take action , we will . ' "
Our sun does not radiate evenly .
The best known example of radiation fluctuations is the famous 11 - year cycle of sun spots .
Nobody denies its influence on the natural climate variability , but climate models have , to - date , not been able to satisfactorily reconstruct its impact on climate activity .
Researchers from the USA and from Germany have now , for the first time , successfully simulated , in detail , the complex interaction between solar radiation , atmosphere , and the ocean .
As the scientific journal Science reports in its latest issue , Gerald Meehl of the US - National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) and his team have been able to calculate how the extremely small variations in radiation brings about a comparatively significant change in the System " Atmosphere - Ocean " .
Katja Matthes of the GFZ German Research Centre for Geosciences , and co-author of the study , states : „ Taking into consideration the complete radiation spectrum of the sun , the radiation intensity within one sun spot cycle varies by just 0.1 per cent .
Complex interplay mechanisms in the stratosphere and the troposphere , however , create measurable changes in the water temperature of the Pacific and in precipitation " .
Top Down - Bottom up
In order for such reinforcement to take place many small wheels have to interdigitate .
The initial process runs from the top downwards : increased solar radiation leads to more ozone and higher temperatures in the stratosphere .
" The ultraviolet radiation share varies much more strongly than the other shares in the spectrum , i.e. by five to eight per cent , and that forms more ozone " explains Katja Matthes .
As a result , especially the tropical stratosphere becomes warmer , which in turn leads to changed atmospheric circulation .
Thus , the interrelated typical precipitation patterns in the tropics are also displaced .
The second process takes place in the opposite way : the higher solar activity leads to more evaporation in the cloud free areas .
With the trade winds the increased amounts of moisture are transported to the equator , where they lead to stronger precipitation , lower water temperatures in the East Pacific and reduced cloud formation , which in turn allows for increased evaporation .
Katja Matthes : " It is this positive back coupling that strengthens the process " .
With this it is possible to explain the respective measurements and observations on the Earth 's surface .
Professor Reinhard Huettl , Chairman of the Scientific Executive Board of the GFZ ( Helmholtz Association of German Research Centres ) adds : " The study is important for comprehending the natural climatic variability , which - on different time scales - is significantly influenced by the sun .
In order to better understand the anthropogenically induced climate change and to make more reliable future climate scenarios , it is very important to understand the underlying natural climatic variability .
This investigation shows again that we still have substantial research needs to understand the climate system " .
Together with the Alfred Wegener - Institute for Polar and Marine Research and the Senckenberg Research Institute and Natural History Museum the GFZ is , therefore , organising a conference " Climate in the System Earth " scheduled for 2./3 .
November 2009 in Berlin .
###
Meehl , G.A. , J.M. Arblaster , K. Matthes , F. Sassi , and H. van Loon ( 2009 ) , Amplifying the Pacific climate system response to a small 11 year solar cycle forcing , Science , 325 , 1114 - 1118 .
Pi Landscape , by Daniel Tammet
Daniel Tammet shot to fame when he set a European record for the number of digits of pi he recited from memory ( 22,514 ) .
He has also learned Icelandic in a week and made up his own language .
How does he do it ?
He attributes his ability to remember numbers to his mixture of autism and synaesthesia .
The autism focused his mind on numbers at a very young age , while the synaesthesia allows him to visualise each number as having a particular shape , colour and texture .
This leads him to a number landscape that is easier to remember than a simple string of numbers .
See Inside the mind of an autistic savant
( Image : Daniel Tammet )
Megalopolis 22 , by George Widener
Rather than prime numbers , this picture of an imaginary future city shines light on another common savant fascination : calendars .
The artist George Widener is both a calendrical and artistic savant .
He says that the numbers in this painting reflect numerical patterns that emerge when he plays with dates .
“ I find many strange things happening , ” he says .
Although his pictures are almost impenetrable to the viewer , Widener is convinced that thinking machines of the future will at least appreciate them :
“ I really do believe that superintelligent machines will explore my pics , with thousands of dates with thousands of connections and patterns in them , someday , for relaxation . ”
( Image : Courtesy of George Widener and Henry Boxer Gallery )
The Great World Crows , by Gregory Blackstock
Diagnosed with autism , Gregory Blackstock has prodigious powers of memory and an obsessive interest in inventories and taxonomies .
According to Roger Cardinal , an expert in “ outsider art ” based in Kent , UK , Blackstock is a great reader of encyclopaedias .
He also visits hardware shops to do sketches of utensils and tools .
“ Here we confront the reproduction of objects that bear witness , not so much to the proliferation of things in the actual world , as to the artist ’s alertness in noticing and documenting all the aspects of difference that distinguish them , ” says Cardinal .
Blackstock ’s need to document differences and similarities may reflect the “ eye for detail ” often observed in savants , and thought by some scientists to be the “ starting engine ” for talent .
( Image : Blackstock 's Collections : The Drawings of an Artistic Savant by Gregory L. Blackstock , Princeton Architectural Press , 2006 ) Advertisement
Fighting Stallions , by Alonzo Clemons
( 28 " long x 21 " high x 10 " deep )
Savant sculptor Alonzo Clemons has a passion for animals .
He can see a fleeting image on a television screen of any animal , and in less than 20 minutes sculpt a perfect replica of that animal with three - dimensional accuracy .
In contrast with some of the other savant art , this image portrays life and interaction .
Clemons suffered a head injury in an accident as a toddler , giving him a mental disability .
He lives in his own home in Boulder , Colorado , with some assistance .
( Image : Alonzo Clemons and Art Sales )
Drawing by E.C. ( an unnamed western savant )
This drawing and the one that follows were chosen by Ellen Winner and Jennifer Drake of Boston College , in order to compare and contrast the work of eastern and western savants .
They are interested in the extent to which savants are influenced by culture .
This picture illustrates the extreme realism and precision often shown by savant artists .
The artist has Asperger ’s syndrome , but has an outstanding ability to draw inanimate objects in three dimensions accurately .
( Image : Mottron and Belleville , 1993 / Brain and Cognition )
A Nationally - Reputable Immigration Lawyer in New Orleans
Michael W. Gahagan is a highly - rated and nationally - renowned immigration lawyer in Metairie who makes an impact in the lives of people across Louisiana , across the United States , and around the world .
Mr. Gahagan has extensive experience representing clients in federal immigration courts against a variety of U.S. government departments and agencies .
Here at The Immigration Law Firm of New Orleans , we aggressively litigate to unite families and utilize everything in our legal repertoire to keep them together .
We will never compromise on our belief that our clients deserve fair , timely , and thorough adjudication of their immigration cases .
Michael W. Gahagan is the immigration lawyer in New Orleans you can trust to handle any type of immigration case , regardless of whether you are :
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Secretly Replacing Harry Reid
This is the US Capitol ; the home of politicians carefully selected by the American people .
Today we 're secretly replacing the Senate Majority Leader with Folgers Crystals .
Will Americans be able to tell the difference ?
Let 's find out !
Wow !
This new Senate Majority Leader perks me right up !
The old one used to put me to sleep !
Because they do n't have lips , Folgers Crystals can't kiss the health insurance industry 's ass .
The enticing aroma of mountain grown beans is a vast improvement over that old man smell !
We also secretly replaced Republicans with giant sacks of crap .
But no one noticed .
Team Fortress 2 Closed Beta to Test Pro Tweaks
" The TF2 Beta is something we 've just started running , " said Walker to Shacknews .
" It 's aimed at filling a hole in TF2's iterative development model . "
European and American competitive TF2 clans are being recruited for the beta , which will incorporate changes to the game ahead of an update 's release to provide Valve with valuable balancing data .
" To iterate effectively , we need to be able to measure the impact of our changes , " he said .
" Up until now we 've been successful at measuring that impact on the non-competitive TF2 community , because we have good internal proxies for it -- the TF2 team itself , plus other internal and external playtesters .
Our proxies for the high end competitive play are n't as good , and that 's lead to us making some design decisions that have hurt it . "
Walker pointed out that the beta does not represent a shift in Valve 's approach to the casual community .
" This does n't reflect any change of our attitude towards non-competitive TF2 play , it 's just going to give us more data , " he added .
" We 'll continue to talk and listen to the non-competitive TF2 players , as we have done in the two years since we shipped .
The more data we have , the more effective we 'll be as we continue striving for design choices that work for all TF2 players . "
European TF2 clan FokkelBrigade says that a small group of top European and American teams have been selected for the beta , and that the first stage is focusing on tweaking the Sandman bat - and - ball unlockable , a weapon routinely banned from competitive TF2 play .
Rumors of a fire - repellent suit for the Spy are also circulating .
Walker has previously expressed a desire to " get more insight " into what Valve can do for the competitive TF2 community .
" I 'd like to build some more bridges to organizers within the competitive community , which is something we 've tried to do but still continue to have trouble with , " he said in a recent Community Fortress interview .
In order to read or download Giver And Receiver ebook , you need to create a FREE account .
eBook includes PDF , ePub and Kindle version
Our analysis shows that , at the beginning of 2009 , the remaining world - wide civilian uranium stocks amount to roughly 50,000 tons .
With the almost inevitable yearly draw - down of 10,000 tons , these civilian stocks will be essentially exhausted within the next 5 years .
This coincides roughly with the year 2013 , when the annual delivery of 10,000 tons of natural uranium equivalent from Russian military stocks to the USA will end .
As the majority of the remaining civilian stocks , about 30,000 tons , are believed to be under the control of the US government and American companies , it seems rather unlikely that the USA will share their own strategic uranium reserves with other large nuclear energy users .
In summary , all data indicate that a uranium supply shortage in many OECD countries can only be avoided , if the remaining military uranium stocks from Russia and the USA , estimated to be roughly 500,000 tons , are made available to the other countries .
During 2009 , nuclear power plants , with a capacity of 370 GWe , will produce roughly 14 % of the world - wide electric energy .
About 65,000 tons of natural uranium equivalent are required to operate these reactors .
For the last 15 years , only 2/3 of this fuel has on average been provided by uranium mines , whereas 1/3 has come from secondary resources .
According to the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) and the Nuclear Energy Agency ( NEA ) of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) , the secondary uranium resources will be essentially exhausted during the next 5 - 10 years .
In this paper , the situation concerning the secondary resources at the beginning of the year 2009 is presented .
The data used are from the IAEA / NEA 2007 Red Book , " Uranium Resources , Production and Demand , " and from the World Nuclear Association ( WNA ) .
This is the second part of a four - part guest post by Dr. Michael Dittmar .
Dr. Dittmar is a researcher with the Institute of Particle Physics of ETH Zurich , and he also works at CERN in Geneva .
Introduction
In part I of this analysis , we have described the world - wide situation of nuclear energy produc­tion , the status of uranium mining , and the near future perspectives and limits .
In this part , we quantify the situation concerning secondary uranium resources , which have provided for the past 10 - 15 years the fuel for about 1/3 of the world ’s nuclear reactors .
The current nuclear fuel situation is , according to official documents from the IAEA and the NEA , totally unsustainable , and the existing secondary resources are expected to be exhausted within the next few years .
The seriousness of this situation , largely ignored by the media , has been expressed in the IAEA and NEA press declaration of June 3 , 2008 , launching the 2007 edition of the Red Book [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] :
" Most secondary resources are now in decline and the gap will increasingly need to be closed by new production .
Given the long lead time typically required to bring new resources into production , uranium supply shortfalls could develop if production facilities are not implemented in a timely manner . "
In order to clarify the importance of the secondary uranium resources , some facts about nuclear fission energy are summarized below [ 3 ] :
Commercial nuclear reactors are operated in 31 out of the 200 countries on our planet .
In 2009 , 436 nuclear power plants , with a net installed capacity of 370.2 GW electric power , are in operation .
These reactors provide about 14 % of the electric energy produced world - wide .
During the past 5 - 10 years , nuclear power capacity remained essentially unchanged , as the ca­pacity increase from new reactors was compensated for by the shut - down of many old reactors .
In contrast to a claimed " nuclear renaissance , " 2008 was the first year since at least 40 years , when not even one new reactor was connected to the electric grid .
The absolute world - wide production of electric energy from nuclear fission has , according to the WNA data base , reached a " peak " in 2006 , when 2658 TWhe were produced .
This amount can be compared with the years 2005 , 2007 , and 2008 when , 2626 TWhe , 2608 TWhe , and 2601 TWhe were generated , respectively [ 3 ] .
The world - wide reactor requirements for the two fissionable isotopes U235 and Pu239 , expressed in terms of natural uranium equivalent , are currently 65,000 tons , or about 170 tons / GWe , per year .
For more than 10 years now , the primary uranium supply from world - wide mining has provided only about 2/3 of the requirements , whereas 1/3 stems from the draw - down of secondary sources , a huge amount corresponding to almost the total uranium extracted by the three largest uranium producing countries , Canada , Australia , and Kazakhstan , together .
Out of the 31 countries operating nuclear power plants in 2006 , only Canada , South - Africa , and Russia were uranium self - sufficient .
The other countries use a mixture of uranium imports and previously accumulated uranium stocks .
Nuclear power plants in Japan , South - Korea , and the Western European countries , which have little or no uranium mining and have little or no civilian and military uranium stocks , are particularly vulnerable to uranium supply shortages .
About 48 reactors are under construction today , and up to 60 reactors are in a discussion and planning state .
If one assumes that all of the 48 reactors under construction can be completed in time , between 5 - 10 GWe / year should become operational during the next 5 - 10 years .
These reactors would require roughly 500 tons of natural uranium per GWe for the ﬁrst load and 170 tons / year during the following years .
About 5000 tons / year of uranium will thus be required on average for their startup and operation .
If one assumes that the 100 oldest nuclear reactors are not shut down , the yearly uranium demand will increase from 65,000 tons in 2008 to about 90,000 tons by 2015 .
In the following , we shall analyze the status and prospects for the possible contribution from secondary uranium resources using the data from the IAEA / NEA Red Book 2007 edition and from WNA information papers .
First , we present the current composition of the secondary resources by using publicly available information about past uranium extraction , and we determine the 2009 status of uranium stocks .
Then , we combine the information from the secondary supplies with the mining expectations and make a quantitative prediction for the uranium supply situation and its consequences for nuclear power plants during the next 5 years .
The composition of secondary uranium resources
As explained above , secondary uranium resources provide the fuel for about 1/3 of the world ’s nuclear fission power plants .
These secondary uranium resources are classified as follows :
nuclear fuel produced from reprocessing of reactor fuels and from surplus military pluto­nium ;
U235 produced by re-enrichment of previously depleted U235 uranium tails ; and
civilian and military stocks of natural uranium , weapon - grade enriched uranium , and Pu239 , accumulated during excess mining operations in the past 50 years .
According to the Red Book , about 3500 tons ( 5 % of world - wide demand ) stem from reprocessing and from depleted uranium tails .
An expansion of such production facilities would , like other big nuclear power projects , require at least 5 - 10 years .
Such an expansion is currently not planned .
Pu239/U235 from the reprocessing of used fuel rods
In order to operate a standard nuclear reactor , the nuclear fuel U235 ( or Pu239 ) has to be enriched to a concentration well above the concentration of 0.71 % found in natural uranium .
New U235 enriched nuclear fuel rods contain a fraction of about 4 % of the fissionable U235 isotope and 96 % of U238 .
During the reactor operation , the U235 concentration will be reduced down to roughly 1 % .
At the same time , Pu239 builds up to an equilibrium concentration of about 1 % .
The Pu239 is formed by neutron capture of U238 isotopes and subsequent nuclear β decays .
During the normal reactor cycle , the Pu239 component contributes up to 30 % of the produced fission energy .
After a few years of operation , the fissionable material has been reduced to about 2 % , and some new fuel is usually introduced .
Consequently , the used fuel rods still contain an interesting amount of fissionable material of U235 and Pu239 .
However , nuclear fuel recycling is a rather delicate and costly operation , as the fuel rods contain a large number of different radioactive elements .
Another problem with this recycling is related to the military use of the Pu239 component .
In the past , up to 95 % of the extracted Pu239 was used for military purposes , where extraction costs and associated risks were considered less of an obstacle .
Besides the huge cost , the potential military use of Pu239 limits the world - wide enthusiasm for nuclear fuel recycling .
However , at least some of the extracted Pu239 is used to produce the so - called " MOX " reactor fuel , a mixture of plutonium and uranium oxides [ 4 ] .
Even though most current reactors could in principle be operated with MOX fuel , only 8 % of the world - wide reactors are currently licensed to use this fuel .
For example , the Euratom Supply Agency ( ESA ) reported that , within the EU - 15 countries , reprocessing has produced a total of 95.8 tons of Pu239 since 1996 .
This amount corresponds to an equivalent of 11,515 tons of natural uranium .
The ESA reports that the natural uranium requirements of the EU - 15 reactors have been reduced in 2006 by 1225 tons , corresponding to about 5 % of total fuel use , with this MOX fuel [ 5 ] .
According to the Red Book , acknowledging that not all countries have reported their data , the world - wide capacity of Pu239 recycling is about 2500 tons / year of natural uranium equiva­lent .
Another source of " MOX " fuel , following an agreement in September 2000 between the USA and Russia , comes from military Pu239 stocks .
Both countries agreed to convert 34 tons each at a rate of at least 2 tons per year .
During the lifetime of this agreement , this contribution adds a natural uranium equivalent of roughly 600 tons to the secondary resources .
The used fuel rods also contain about 1 % of U235 .
This uranium can be partly recovered as reprocessed uranium ( or RepU ) .
According to the 2007 Red Book , RepU processing is very costly and is currently done by France and Russia only .
The yearly production capacity is estimated to be up to 2500 tons , but only 600 tons / year are currently being produced [ 6 ] .
U235 from depleted tails
Depleted uranium tails are a by - product of the U235 enrichment process .
The tails contain normally between 0.25-0.35 % of U235 , or about one third of the 0.71 % contained in natural uranium .
The inventory of depleted uranium is increasing every year by roughly 60,000 tons .
It is estimated that roughly 1,800,000 tons have been accumulated in different countries by the end of 2008 .
In theory , a large amount of U235 is still contained in these tails , but the existing enrichment capacity is already rather limited .
Nevertheless during the years 2001 to 2006 , Russia delivered yearly up to about 1000 tons of re-enriched uranium to the European Union .
According to the Red Book , the Russian Federation indicated that this delivery will be stopped once the existing contracts end .
For the USA , a pilot project is anticipated to produce a maximum of 1900 tons of natural uranium equivalent during a period of two years .
No additional information about the status of this or other world - wide projects is given in the Red Book .
Past uranium extraction and how it was used
In order to understand the uranium supply situation during the coming years , we need to know :
how much uranium has been extracted in the past ;
how much of it has already been used up in reactors ;
the geographical distribution of these stocks ; and
how much of this excess capacity exists in civilian and in military stockpiles .
Partial answers to these questions can be obtained from different editions of the Red Book and from the WNA .
Unfortunately , these presumably very precise numbers often do not agree with each other .
For example in the Red Book 2007 edition , one finds two precise , but inconsistent , numbers for the amount of extracted uranium .
The uranium mined up to the end of 2006 is given as 2,234,083 tons in chapter 1c ( Table 19 , page 39 ) and as 2,325,000 tons in chapter 2c ( page 74 ) , about 90,000 tons higher .
A comparison with previous Red Book editions and the uranium mining results from 2005 and 2006 resolves the discrepancy in favor of the higher number .
Unfortunately , such inconsistencies in the Red Book do not strengthen the confidence in the claimed accuracy for many other uranium numbers .
Next , we need to know how much of this uranium has been used up ( fissioned ) so far .
Ac­cording to the 2007 Red Book ( chapter 2c ) , a total of 1,700,000 tons of uranium have been used up in reactors until the end of 2006 .
Thus , the total remaining stocks at the end of the year 2006 were 625,000 tons .
During 2007 and 2008 , the world ’s uranium mines produced 41,264 tons and 43,853 tons , respectively .
Another roughly 7000 tons ( 3500 tons / year ) came from recycling and reprocessing of depleted uranium tails .
With reactor requirements of 65,000 tons / year , we find that the stocks have been reduced by roughly 40,000 tons .
Out of this , roughly 20,000 tons came from the draw - down of Russian military stocks and another 20,000 tons from the draw - down of the remaining civilian stocks .
Following this estimate , we find that , at the end of the year 2008 , about 587,000 tons of natural uranium equivalent remain in the combined military and civilian stocks .
In order to understand the supply situation from these secondary resources during the next few years , it is important to know that the yearly delivery of 10,000 tons of uranium from the Russian military stocks will end in 2013 .
The future of the secondary uranium supply depends thus mainly on the size of the remaining civilian uranium reserves .
Unfortunately , only a few countries have provided this information for the Red Book 2007 edition , but at least 43,844 tons ( end of 2006 ) were attributed to civilian stocks .
The majority of this amount , 41,279 tons , is assigned to the civilian stocks of the USA [ 7 ] .
It is further specified that roughly one half of these stocks , or 17,796 tons , are owned by the US government , and that this amount is reserved to guarantee uranium supplies for their own reactors for two years .
Assuming that the yearly draw - down of civilian stocks has continued during the past two years , we can expect that the stocks in the USA have been reduced to an amount of 25,000 - 30,000 tons .
However , it is possible that this reduction was somewhat smaller as , unknown to the author , some contribution might have come from a conversion of military stocks of the USA .
Slightly more accurate numbers can be obtained , if we combine the well documented ura­nium data of the past eight years with those presented at the 2001 annual symposium of the World Nuclear Association [ 8 ] .
In this document , the uranium associated to the civilian and military stocks of the Western and Eastern blocks has been estimated .
The WNA analysis indicated that the civilian stocks at end of the year 2000 consisted of about 140,000 tons , out of which 117,000 tons should be associated with the Western block .
The WNA analysis started from a total of 1,999,000 tons of extracted uranium up to the end of the year 2000 .
This number is about 3 % larger than the corresponding number of 1,938,000 tons given in the 2003 Red Book .
The total reactor requirements up to the year 2000 were given as 1,138,000 tons , which is about 170,000 tons smaller than the amount that can be calculated from the 2007 Red Book estimate .
The discrepancy between these two numbers might be understood from a different accounting of the remaining , not yet used , fissionable material in the reactors .
The first uranium load requirement for a 1 GWe reactor is about 500 tons , but only about 170 tons are used and exchanged every year .
Accordingly , one finds that the not yet used fuel within all existing 370 GWe reactor cores corresponds to an equivalent of up to 185,000 tons , in good agreement with the above discrepancy of 170,000 tons .
In absence of a better number , we will thus use the 2007 Red Book number for the reactor used uranium and assume that the civilian uranium stocks at the end of the year 2000 were 140,000 tons .
During the past eight years , world uranium stocks have been reduced by about 170,000 tons , or about 21,000 tons annually .
While about 80,000 tons came from a reduction of Russian military stocks , it can be assumed that the other 90,000 tons came mostly from Western civilian stocks .
It thus seems reasonable to estimate that , at the end of 2008 , only 50,000 tons of civilian uranium stocks remain ; out of these , about 27,000 tons are being controlled by the USA , whereas the remaining 23,000 tons are being controlled by Russia .
If one subtracts this number from the total remaining stocks , the military stockpiles , shared somehow between the USA and Russia , can be estimated to be roughly 540,000 tons .
Our estimate for the military stocks is at least 10 % smaller than the amount that we would calculate from an update of the 2000 WNA estimates alone .
If we assume that the percentage - wise distribution between the Eastern and Western military stockpiles from the year 2001 WNA analysis were roughly correct , the military stocks at the end of 2008 can be estimated .
Taking into account that the Russian reserves have been reduced by about 80,000 tons and assuming that the military reserves are shared mainly between the USA and Russia , we can estimate their stocks at the beginning of 2009 to be 230,000 tons and 310,000 tons , respectively .
The above approximate numbers , as summarized in Table 1 , indicate that the civilian ura­nium reserves , at the end of 2008 , consist of roughly 50,000 tons .
Furthermore , one finds that about 27,000 tons and 23,000 tons remain in the Western and Eastern civilian stock­piles , respectively .
The military stocks can be estimated to be about 10 times larger and consist of roughly 540,000 tons of natural uranium equivalent .
Table 1 : State of the uranium extraction and use up to the end of 2008 , as estimated from the 2007 Red Book and WNA numbers for the years 2007 and 2008 .
Roughly 3500 tons / year of natural uranium equivalent is estimated to come from world - wide reprocessing , and this amount is subtracted from the yearly requirements of 2007 and 2008 .
Taking into account that not all countries have reported accurate data to the Red Book and that some inconsistencies in the accounting exists , the civilian and military reserves contain perhaps an uncertainty of up to ± 10 % .
The Eastern and Western stocks are believed to be controlled almost entirely by Russia and the USA .
The military uranium stockpiles
As described in the previous section , roughly 540,000 tons of natural uranium equivalent can be associated with the military reserves of the USA and Russia .
Not all details about these military stockpiles are public , but some numbers relevant for the possible conversion of these stocks into reactor fuel can nevertheless be estimated .
Data from nuclear arms negotiations between the USA and Russia and other countries indicate that these two countries control currently roughly equal shares and a total of about 95 % of all existing nuclear weapons [ 9 ] .
For the following , it seems to be sufficient to only consider the military stocks of these two countries .
First , we estimate how much of these 540,000 tons of uranium is blocked in the remaining 20,000 nuclear warheads .
It is known that the Hiroshima bomb was made of about 64 kg of uranium , with a U235 content of 51 kg ( enrichment of 80 % ) .
This corresponds roughly to the critical mass , the amount required to start the uncontrolled chain reaction in a sphere of uncompressed bare metal of U235 .
Sophisticated methods for the uranium storage and controlled compression have reduced the critical mass by a factor of 2 - 3 .
In any case , the danger of uncontrolled explosions limits the amount of the U235 content in the warheads .
It is also known that the nuclear fission bombs of today are based on U235 or Pu239 , and that fusion bombs are started with an explosion of U235 or Pu239 .
On average , the nuclear weapons of today are estimated to have an explosive power at least 10 times stronger than the bomb that destroyed Hiroshima on August 6 , 1945 .
In absence of more precise data , we may assume that each nuclear weapon contains on average just the critical mass or at least 50 kg of U235 .
Using this assumption , we find that the U235 of one nuclear bomb corresponds to 7 tons of natural uranium equivalent on average , and that the uranium from about 25 such bombs is sufficient to operate a 1 GWe reactor for one year .
Consequently , about 140,000 tons of uranium , about 1/3 of the military stockpiles , are currently blocked directly in nuclear weapons .
Another large fraction of the military stocks can be assumed to exist as highly enriched weapon - grade uranium , HEU .
In order to be used as normal nuclear fuel , these stocks would have to be downgraded to reactor - ready low - enrichment uranium , LEU , with a U235 fraction of 3 - 4 % .
During the past years , a natural uranium equivalent of 10,000 tons / year has been downgraded to reactor fuel , and this number may be considered roughly equal to the currently existing downgrading capacity .
On a time scale of 5 - 10 years , it should be possible to increase this capacity .
Theoretically and assuming a total nuclear disarmament , the military uranium stockpiles would thus be sufficient to operate the current world nuclear reactors for about 8 years or for about 25 years assuming the current draw - down of secondary resources .
Taking the current world real politics into account , such a total nuclear disarmament is unfortunately not very likely .
Nevertheless , the military stockpiles are certainly large enough , even without touching the remaining 20,000 warheads , that an extension of the current policy to convert about 10,000 tons / year can be imagined .
It is however not obvious that either the USA or Russia will share their strategic uranium reserves with other users of nuclear ﬁssion energy .
In addition , and with a longer term perspective , the downgrading of large amounts of previously highly enriched uranium seems to be pointless , as the original enrichment process was very expensive and as the highly enriched uranium might eventually be needed directly to fuel future Generation IV fast breeder reactors .
Secondary uranium supply , the near future
All existing data indicate that draw - down of the civilian inventories , practiced during the past 10 years , has reduced the civilian uranium stocks to roughly 50,000 tons .
With an expected further yearly draw - down of up to 10,000 tons and without access to the military stocks , the civilian Western uranium stocks will be exhausted by 2013 .
Furthermore , the supply situation will become even more critical as the delivery of the 10,000 tons of military uranium stocks from Russia to the USA will also end during 2013 .
Thus we find , in agreement with the dramatic warning from the IAEA / NEA authorities , that secondary uranium supplies will essentially come to an end within a few years .
The severity of the supply situation seems to be known and acknowledged by the Uranium ( Ux ) Consult­ing Company ( UxC ) and by uranium mining co-operations .
For example some interesting numbers about the evolution of demand and secondary supplies and the required primary uranium mining were presented in September 2008 at the annual WNA symposium [ 10 ] .
The evolution of the secondary supply side was estimated to decrease by roughly 1000 tons per year starting from 20,029 tons in 2009 and ending with 15,008 tons by 2013 .
For the following three years up to 2016 , a further reduction of about 2000 tons per year is assumed ( the numbers for the years 2014 - 2016 are in dis­agreement with the 2013 termination of the yearly delivery of 10,000 tons from Russia ) .
The authors of this WNA study assumed that many new reactors will start up during the coming eight years , and they estimate that the uranium demand will increase from 65,000 tons in 2008 to about 85,000 tons by 2013 .
Some of their uranium supply and demand estimations for the coming years are summarized in Table 2 .
Table 2 : Forecast for the world uranium balance prediction for the years 2008 - 2016 according to the Macquarie Research Commodities predictions presented at the 2008 WNA annual sym­posium [ 10 ] .
The forecast for the 2008 primary uranium number (* ) was about 1200 tons larger than the now known number of 43,853 tons .
The latest WNA forecast for 2009 is 49,375 tons and thus also about 1000 tons smaller [ 11 ] .
The claimed accuracy for the forecast should raise some doubts about the underlying methodology to guess these numbers .
As discussed above , the uranium supply might become the limiting factor for the near future of nuclear power production .
This demand depends , among other things , on the future of the aging nuclear power plants and on how rapidly the reactors that are currently under construction can be completed .
If the primary fuel supply cannot be increased as quickly as required , some interesting world - wide decisions about the future of nuclear power can be expected .
For example , one needs to weigh the stable operation of older nuclear power plants , which require 170 tons / GWe / year , against the stability of early operations for new reactors that have a first load requirement of 500 tons / GWe .
Of course , the situation will be further complicated by national and regional interests .
It is difficult to imagine that the US government will sell their strategic uranium reserves to their economic competitors in Japan , China or Western Europe .
In absence of such political insights , one can nevertheless try to guess how much uranium fuel will come from different sources , and how many existing and new nuclear power plants can be operated with this fuel during the coming years .
For this forecast , we make use of the uranium supply information presented in parts I and II of this document and assume that the demand will be limited by the possible supply .
This " upper " limit guess is calculated on the basis that 170 tons / GWe / year are required to fuel an already operational reactor , and that 500 tons / GWe are needed for the first reactor load .
This forecast is presented in Table 3 and can be compared with the one from Table 2 .
The main difference comes from the mining forecast and the assumption that the military component of the secondary supply from Russia will terminate by the end of 2013 .
Obviously the two scenarios should be checked and corrected for the real mining results during the coming years .
Interested readers should fill Table 3 with their own favorite nuclear energy scenario under the constraint that it be consistent with their future secondary and primary uranium supply estimates .
Table 3 : The author ’s upper limit forecast covering the years 2009 - 2018 for the world - wide natural uranium equivalent primary and secondary fuel supply and its consequences for nuclear fission produced electric energy in TWhe .
This fuel - based scenario assumes that world - wide uranium mining cannot be increased as estimated by the IAEA / NEA and WNA .
The result of this scenario will be a slow , about 1 % annual , reduction of nuclear produced electric energy up to 2013 .
The decline will become much stronger after 2013 , if military stocks will not add at least 10,000 tons annually to the fuel market .
Both scenarios obviously contain some guesswork , and many political and economic decisions during a world - wide economic crisis can change the near future of uranium mining and the evolution of the nuclear disarmament .
Especially critical for uranium mining will be the situation in Kazakhstan , where the current optimistic forecast expects that by 2013 the existing and new mines will increase the uranium output from 8500 tons ( 2008 ) to about 18,000 tons annually .
An increase of similar size is also hoped to come from the mines in Niger , Namibia , and South Africa [ 10 ] .
In conclusion , uranium shortages and thus reactor shutdowns can be avoided only if world - wide uranium mining can be increased by roughly 10 % or about 5000 tons each year .
While such an increase looks rather unlikely for the next few years , the presented numbers for the required primary uranium in 2008 and the obtained results show a shortage of about 1200 tons indicating that up to 1400 tons will be missing already in 2009 .
This amount corresponds roughly to the reduction of the uranium requirements that followed the 2007 earthquake in Japan with an 8 GWe nuclear capacity outage .
We expect that the uranium supply situation will become especially critical for those countries where a large fraction of the electric energy comes from nuclear power and that important essentially 100 % of their uranium needs .
This supply problem will especially affect OECD countries in Western Europe and Japan .
One might hope that discussions about new nuclear power plants will consider the warning from the NEA / IAEA press declaration about the Red Book 2007 edition expressed in the following paragraph :
" At the end of 2006 , world uranium production ( 39,603 tons ) provided about 60 % of world reactor requirements ( 66,500 tons ) for the 435 commercial nuclear reactors in operation .
The gap between production and requirements was made up by secondary sources drawn from government and commercial inventories ( such as the dismantling of over 12,000 nuclear warheads and the re-enrichment of uranium tails ) .
Most secondary resources are now in decline and the gap will increasingly need to be closed by new production .
Given the long lead time typically required to bring new resources into production , uranium supply shortfalls could develop if production facilities are not implemented in a timely manner . "
References
[ 1 ]
The detailed numbers are extracted from the Red Book 2007 edition , " Ura­nium 2007 Resources , Production and Demand . "
The book is published ev­ery two years by the IAEA / NEA and can be found at the OECD bookshop http://www.oecdbookshop.org/oecd/display.asp?K=5KZLLSXQS6ZV&DS=Uranium-2007.
Free online versions of some past editions can be found via Google books .
[ 2 ] Nuclear Energy Agency press declaration from 3 June 2008 about the new edi­tion of the Red Book 2007 " Uranium 2007 Resources , Production and Demand " at http://www.nea.fr/html/general/press/2008/2008-02.html.
[ 3 ]
For the year 2008 status and production of nuclear electric energy , cf. for example the WNA papers at http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/reactors.html, http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/inf01.html, and http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/nshare.html.
[ 4 ]
For some details about MOX reactor fuel and further references , cf. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MOX fuel .
[ 5 ] Cf. the EURATOM supply agency report 2006 , page 24 at http://ec.europa.eu/euratom/ar/ar2006.pdf.
[ 6 ] Cf. reference [ 1 ] , page 80 .
[ 7 ] Cf. reference [ 1 ] , page 367 .
[ 8 ] Cf. the presentation of Bernard Del Frari The Global Nuclear Fuel Market Supply and Demand 2001 - 2020 at the 2001 WNA symposium http://www.world-nuclear.org/sym/01idx.htm.
[ 9 ]
For an overview of the nuclear weapons and nuclear weapon states , cf. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_states_with_nuclear_weapons.
[ 10 ] Cf. the presentation of Maximilian Layton , Macquarie Capital Securities " The global uranium outlook : is 2008/09 a buying opportunity ? " at the 2008 WNA symposium http://www.world-nuclear.org/sym/2008/presentations/laytonpresentation.pdf.
[ 11 ] Cf. the July 2009 version of http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/inf23.html.
TEENAGE girls in York are being encouraged to swap the daily contraceptive pill for an alternative method of birth control more suited to their lifestyles .
Health bosses in the city have launched a new campaign to promote Long Acting Reversible Contraception ( LARC ) in a bid to reduce teenage pregnancies .
LARC methods offer the same level of protection against pregnancy as the pill – more than 99 per cent – but they do not need to be taken every day and can last for anything from eight weeks to ten years .
The methods include a contraceptive injection , an implant and the IUD and IUS – small devices that are placed in the uterus .
New posters promoting these forms of contraception have been put up in GP surgeries , pharmacies , youth clubs and family centres across the city .
The initiative is being backed by four young mums from York who have helped NHS North Yorkshire and York and City of York Council ’s Young People ’s Services to develop the campaign .
Becky Fieldsend , 24 , who has three children and gave birth to her first at the age of 16 , said : “ I think LARC methods are more suited to young women because you have n’t got the worry of remembering to take a pill every day .
“ I was taking the pill when I fell pregnant , but I was n’t taking it properly .
I ’d take it one day , miss the next . ”
She said although having her children was a “ really positive experience ” , if she could have had them later in life , she would have done .
“ It would have been good to have experienced life at a younger age , ” she said .
Sian Roe , 22 , also became a mum at the age of 16 and now has four children .
“ All I ever got taught about was that there was the pill to control pregnancy and there were condoms , ” she said .
“ I did n’t know about any other methods .
“ Having children has been a wonderful experience and I would n’t change it .
However , it might have been better if I ’d waited a bit before having my first .
“ Now I ’ve had my fourth child , I ’ve started having the contraceptive injection .
“ It ’s really easy and it ’s fairly painless – just like having a blood sample taken .
You just go along to your GP once every two or three months . ”
To find out more about LARC , visit your local family planning clinic or GP .
More information is also available at ruthinking .
co.uk or by phoning the free , confidential support line on 0800 28 29 30 .
Remember the guy from Super Size Me who ate about 23,000 Bic Macs and never got fat ?
Ever wonder how he did it ?
Turns out he may have been born without the " fat enzyme . "
The enzyme MGAT2 is found in the intestines and determines the fate of our food by regulating how it is metabolized :
It either makes fat go straight to your waistline , or converts it into energy .
Scientists in California have discovered that when mice are missing the gene for MGAT2 , they can eat whatever they want and never have to worry about getting fat .
The University of California at San Francisco knocked out the gene in experimental mice to see how their bodies grew after feeding them different diets .
When the normal and experimental mice were fed a diet low in fat , both sets of mice grew the same way .
But when the mice were eating a 60 percent fat diet ( i.e. , a typical American diet ) , the experimental mice weighed 40 percent less and had 50 percent less fat than the normal mice .
Not only does decreasing MGAT activity in mice reduce their chances of packing on the pounds , it also prevents them from developing other obesity - related problems such as fatty livers and glucose intolerance .
While the researchers are unsure of precisely how the experimental mice kept the weight off , they think that when the mice are missing the MGAT2 enzyme , their body ultimately does n't store or use the fat .
Still , do n’t go on a Big Mac binge just yet :
Until scientist can figure out how to manipulate this gene to create the magic skinny pill , we will continue to metabolize food like we did when we were hunters and gathers .
Related Content : DISCOVER : 20 Things You Didn't Know About Fat DISCOVER : Killer Fat DISCOVER : Fat Is Not The Enemy
Image : flickr / livinlowcarbman
George Porter , a 47 - year - old engineering librarian from La Canada Flintridge , first became depressed after his father ’s heart attack nearly seven years ago .
The married father of two was overcome with sadness that would n’t go away and lost pleasure in activities he ’d once enjoyed .
“ I ’d been a voracious reader all my life , and I found it almost impossible to get through a book , ” he said .
He often began sobbing uncontrollably .
Porter followed his doctor ’s advice to see a psychologist and take medication , cycling through at least half a dozen drugs .
Many helped , but none worked completely .
Although doctors have more than 20 medications to choose from when prescribing a treatment for depression , there ’s still little way to know which drug will work for a particular person .
Many people need to try two or three drugs or drug combinations before experiencing relief .
Some go through six or more .
“ It ’s a hit - or - miss , trial - and - error kind of process , ” said Dr. Richard A. Friedman , a professor of clinical psychiatry at Weill Cornell Medical College .
Patients have finally come to recognize depression as a treatable illness with an underlying biological cause rather than misconstruing it as a sign of weakness .
Doctors are able to help more people than ever with depression simply because more people are coming to their offices for treatment .
One might expect that this increase in patients would lead to a new sophistication in choosing which drug might work for a particular patient .
Advertisement
That ’s not the case .
A review article in the November 2008 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine looked at more than 200 studies of 12 second - generation antidepressants -- primarily selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) such as Prozac and Zoloft and serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors ( SNRIs ) such as Effexor and Cymbalta -- and concluded that no substantial differences existed in how well they worked .
Although a more - recent review in the Lancet of the same 12 drugs concluded that certain ones worked better than others , that analysis has been criticized for reading too much into studies that are largely funded by the drugs ’ manufacturers .
“ There ’s no clear evidence that one antidepressant is more effective than another , ” said Dr. Ian A. Cook , director of depression research at UCLA ’s Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior .
Even if modest differences do exist among antidepressants , he said , patients vary widely in what will work for them .
Advertisement
Starting point
Depression is a common condition , affecting nearly 15 million Americans a year and one in six over their lifetime .
The most common treatments are counseling and drugs , with a combination of the two working best .
The most effective way for a doctor to find an antidepressant that works is to look at the patient ’s history , because someone who has already been treated for depression will often respond to a medication that worked before .
There ’s also a chance that someone with a family history of depression could benefit from the same drug that helped a parent or sibling .
Beyond these factors , “ there is not a good way to know what medication is going to be the best for your patient , ” said Dr. Raymond J. DePaulo Jr. , a professor of psychiatry at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine .
Cost has become less of a concern now that most antidepressants are available in generic form for less than $ 20 a month , so the decision usually comes down to side effects .
Advertisement
Antidepressants are believed to work by blocking the reuptake of neurotransmitters such as serotonin , norepinephrine and dopamine , increasing the amount available in the synapses .
Doctors generally start by prescribing one of the SSRIs because drugs from this class are less dangerous in overdose and are least likely to cause serious side effects .
Common side effects of SSRIs include nausea , weight gain and impaired sexual function .
Other newer drugs include the SNRIs , which have side effects similar to those of SSRIs but may cause weight loss instead of weight gain , and the dopamine reuptake inhibitor Wellbutrin , which is less likely to cause problems with sexual function but may cause seizures .
Older drugs tend to cause more side effects .
For example , monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( Nardil and Parnate among them ) can interact dangerously with other drugs and even some foods , and tricyclics ( such as Pamelor ) can increase heart rate and cause people to become dizzy when they stand .
Tricyclics can also cause drowsiness , dry mouth and constipation .
Another approach is to choose a drug based on the subtype of depression .
Advertisement
For example , practice guidelines from the American Psychiatric Assn. suggest that people with atypical depression -- who might oversleep and overeat instead of staying up at night and losing weight -- tend to do better with SSRIs or MAO inhibitors than with tricyclics .
People who have obsessive - compulsive symptoms in addition to depression may benefit from a drug used to treat both conditions , such as an SSRI .
The best treatment for people with symptoms of psychosis and depression is a combination of antipsychotics and antidepressants .
Although these suggestions may help steer doctors in the right direction , Dr. Maurizio Fava , a professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School , cautioned against reading too much into the few studies that match subtypes to specific drugs .
“ At this point , many of the treatment recommendations are oversimplifications , ” he said .
Drug cycles
Advertisement
About 60 % of patients get at least some benefit from the first drug they try , with half of those recovering fully .
Doctors can add a second treatment or switch to a new one if the first drug does n’t work .
The Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression ( STAR*D ) trial , a large study funded by the National Institute of Mental Health that was published in 2006 , confirmed that a second drug from the same class is just as likely to work as one from a different class .
That is , people who do n’t respond to one SSRI have just as good a chance of responding to a second SSRI as to an SNRI or Wellbutrin .
Although patients become less likely to respond with each new cycle , a significant number still do .
STAR*D , which looked at drugs and psychotherapy , found that 37 % of patients went into remission after the first round of treatment , 31 % after the second , 14 % after the third , and 13 % after the fourth .
A third of patients in the study continued to struggle with depression after four cycles of treatment .
Compounding the problem of finding the right drug is the fact that antidepressants take so long to work .
Many people , accustomed to speedy results from drugs such as aspirin , stop taking their antidepressant if they do n’t feel better after a week or two .
STAR *D showed that it can take as long as eight weeks for a drug to begin working and up to 12 weeks to get the full effect .
Doctors do n’t know why the drugs take so long to work ; one theory is that the increase in neurotransmitters allows neurons to adapt , grow and establish new connections over time .
Friedman said that one of the most common reasons patients get incorrectly labeled “ treatment - resistant ” is that they have n’t taken the drug for long enough or in a high - enough dose .
Advertisement
But waiting can be difficult for someone suffering from intense despair .
As the weeks and months tick by , people with depression may be struggling with simple tasks like paying bills or getting dressed .
Jobs are lost ; marriages are strained .
Some people kill themselves .
People who do n’t respond well enough to drugs and counseling still have treatment options .
One is electroshock therapy , which works well but can cause temporary memory loss .
A newer alternative , called transcranial magnetic stimulation , does n’t affect memory but may be less effective .
This is the treatment that Porter turned to after his long struggle with depression .
He said that he was feeling much better after a month of daily treatments five days a week at UCLA .
“ The critical thing for patients is not to get demoralized and give up , ” said Fava .
Advertisement
--
health@latimes.com
Diane Schuler , Wrong - Way Highway Driver Who Killed 8 Had 10 Drinks ,
Was High Toxicology on driver in NY crash that killed eight reveals alcohol , marijuana .
Aug. 4 , 2009  -- A New York mom had at least 10 drinks and smoked a large amount of marijuana before driving five children the wrong way down a highway and crashing head on into an SUV , investigators said today .
Diane Schuler , 36 , was killed in the July 26 collision on New York 's Taconic State Parkway that also took the lives of her 2 - year - old daughter and three nieces who were riding in her van as well as all three men who were in the SUV .
Her 5 - year - old son was the lone survivor of the crash .
Schuler had a blood alcohol content of .19 , more than double the legal limit , and was also " impaired by marijuana , " according to a statement released by state attorney Janet Difiore citing a toxicology report by the Westchester County medical examiner .
Investigators could not determine if Schuler had been drinking while she was driving , but alcohol was in her stomach at the time of the autopsy and a bottle of vodka was found at the crash scene , New York State Police Major William Carey said at a press conference .
It was not clear exactly how much or when Schuler smoked marijuana ; the toxicology reported " high " levels of THC , the active ingredient in pot , Westchester director of toxicology Betsy Spratt said .
But " there were approximately 10 drinks still in her , " Spratt said , that had yet to be metabolized .
The combination of alcohol and marijuana " intensified " the effects of each , Spratt said .
" With that level of alcohol we talk in ranges .
She would 've had difficulty with perception , judgment and memory .
Around that level you get tunnel vision , " Spratt said .
Carey said , " There 's no indication there will be any criminal charges forthcoming . "
Police initially said they had no indication Schuler was impaired while driving , Carey said .
" We did not have people that morning describe Diane Schuler as anything other than to say she was fine , " Carey said .
The crash was ruled a homicide last week before the toxicology report was completed , Westchester medical examiner Dr. Millard Hyland told ABCNews.com .
" It was ruled a homicide in terms of people being killed because she was driving in the wrong direction , " Hyland said , and did not take toxicology into account .
The full report was completed Monday , Hyland said .
Roseann Guzzo , daughter of Michael Bastardi and Guy Bastardi , both crash victims , told New York 's The Journal News that while the report explains the once mysterious accident , it does not justify it .
" This was n't an act of God .
This was her choice .
She made the wrong choice , " Guzzo said .
" This is n't an accident .
This is murder . "
The co-owner of the upstate N.Y. campground said she knew Diane Schuler well and saw her off on the day of the accident .
" If she had alcohol on her breath , I sure did n't smell it , " said Scott .
" The last thing I said to her was ' have a safe trip home ' and she said , ' We will ' and that was the end of it .
Woman Takes Deadly Turn
Schuler was driving home from a New York campground on the Taconic State Parkway , a route she knew well , when she somehow ended up driving the wrong way in the fast lane into oncoming traffic .
During the drive , Schuler called her brother to tell him she was n't feeling well .
He asked her to pull over immediately .
Schuler did not pull over , but her brother was worried enough to call the police .
Two hours after the call to her brother , police believe Schuler turned onto the parkway , heading down an exit ramp with signs clearly stating that she was heading the wrong way .
She drove in the fast lane , straight into traffic .
Oncoming cars swerved to miss her .
Surviving Driver : She Was ' In Control '
One of the drivers in her path , Richard Rowe , managed to avoid a crash with Schuler who he said seemed " in total control . "
" I do n't understand .
She was in total control of the car , " Rowe said .
" Maybe initially she was confused , but she had lots of time to correct her mistake .
If we had been 30 seconds later , we would have been hit by her . "
Three men in the SUV from Yonkers , N.Y. , could not avoid Schuler .
All three were killed in the head - on collision .
August 16 , 2009 — Patrick Zimmerman
The Silent City : An Introspectively Surreal Vision of War
The Silent City is an astonishing Oscar - nominated short film by Ruairi Robinson , which brilliantly combines computer graphics with live footage .
The film is a concisely introspective surreal story about wartime , which shows the ordeal of three soldiers who are on the outskirts of a war torn city .
While patrolling an area in a secluded sector of a now silent city , a bomb is accidentally set off and they have to wait for help .
One reviewer claims that The Silent City rivals anything seen about wartime since Coppola ’s Apocalypse Now or Kubrick ’s Full Metal Jacket .
The film provides a powerful statement about our troops who are now facing death in foreign lands .
The Silent City : An Introspectively Surreal Vision of War
Please Share
This :
So it is over at last .
For a while .
These are evil times for those of us who do not give a tinker 's curse for Britain 's Got Talent .
Actually , I do give a tinker 's curse for the programme , and it is a rather fruity one which would not look well in the opinion pages of a national newspaper .
Once , while enduring the programme , with a mixture of bewilderment and nausea , just so I could stay au courant with the mood of the nation and see what the fuss was all about , I slipped into a reverie .
What would happen , I wondered , if someone with original talent appeared on the show ?
What would the audience 's reaction be if , say , Joy Division were to be magically reincarnated and allowed to perform ?
It is not hard to imagine .
There would be an outcry .
Disgust and bafflement would figure prominently in the national reaction .
But that 's what I 'm feeling already .
Whenever something ghastly like this preoccupies my fellow citizens , I murmur " sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof " and move on , but a country that not only tolerates the celebrity of Simon Cowell and Piers Morgan but considers them as competent arbiters of aesthetic achievement has clearly lost its way .
Of course it is part of the gag that these repulsive individuals constitute two - thirds of the judging panel but it is not a gag that I find particularly amusing , or one that reflects at all well on those of you who endorse it .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The staggering success of Susan Boyle provides us with a neat encapsulation of all that has gone wrong with Britain .
It is not her fault that she considers " I Dreamed A Dream " a suitable vehicle for her talents .
Were she to stand up and belt it out at the end of the evening in her West Lothian local , The Happy Valley , it would actually be both hilarious and touching – and even I would raise a glass to her and give her a hand , for sheer brass neck if for nothing else – but for her to become an " international sensation " .
Clearly , the worldwide appetite for saccharine rubbish is not only undiminished but growing , like scum over the face of a badly - maintained pond .
Has anyone , besides me , pointed out that " I Dreamed A Dream " is rank aural slurry of the highest order ?
When did it become mandatory to give pap like this our wholehearted approval ?
It 's not a song , it 's an insult to the very idea of songwriting .
" I Dreamed A Dream " , forsooth .
What else are you going to do with a dream , genius ?
Look at the lyrics some time and see if you can do so without feeling at least faintly ill .
( " There was a time when love was blind / And the world was a song / And the song was exciting " etc. )
I note , glumly , that the composer of this unashamed dreck is called Schonberg , whose name is depressingly close to Schoenberg , a rather more interesting and challenging composer , but one whose works are therefore unlikely to appear on Britain 's Got Talent .
Yes , yes , I know the show is all about popular entertainment .
But since when does " popular entertainment " become synonymous with rubbish ?
If there 's one good thing about it , it is its very dimly - remembered grounding in old - fashioned variety and music hall performance .
These were robustly vulgar in the best sense of the term : memorable , or bawdy , or , indeed , given over to cheap sentimentality .
But these days it is cheap sentimentality that has triumphed , and all we have now is a culture that has become homogeneous , entirely bland .
It 's not Susan Boyle 's fault .
It 's ours .
Why bother digesting , when the Cloaca machine can do it for you ?
What goes in must come out , or at least that is the case for the Cloaca ( which we originally posted about last February ) , a machine that literally produces a good old Number Two .
Designed by Belgium artist Wim Delvoye and first exhibited in 2000 at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Antwerp , the machine was fed twice a day and then the digestive process simulated resulting in this beauty :
Advertisement
After the machine is " fed , " the food is ground up .
Digestive juices ( acid , etc. ) are added and , after a spell , the machine pushes out a nice ( somewhat solid ) doodie .
Want to see it in video ?
And for the more mobility inclined , the Mini Cloaca is way more portable , though it can only consume a small meal .
Either way , we'd be remiss in our Taste Test if we ignored the ultimate food ... errrr poop machine .
[ Cloaca via Boing Boing Gadgets ]
Advertisement
Taste
Test is our weeklong tribute to the leaps that occur when technology meets cuisine , spanning everything from the historic breakthroughs that made food tastier and safer to the Earl - Grey - friendly replicators we impatiently await in the future .
Target Audience :
Beginners to Object Oriented Programing who use PHP .
Anyone looking for a detailed explanation of OOP Programming in PHP .
Languages Used :
PHP 5 +
Related Material :
PHP Manual – Class
Class Design in PHP
Introduction :
Object Oriented Programming is a technique adapted first mainly by video game designers and then later picked up by traditional software designers and even web application development using languages such as PHP , JSP , and ASP .NET .
Procedural programmers find the transition to OOP one of the most challenging of their careers because it completely changes the way you have to think about your data , and the operations your program performs .
I was one of those old school programmers that struggled to wrap my head around what I discovered was actually a very simple concept .
I am hoping that my experience will help me explain to you how you can transition from a procedural style to OOP .
But first , to begin using OOP you will need to understand the following ;
Classes
Instantiation aka Objects
Encapsulation
Inheritance
Two other concepts in OOP that we will not talk about in this post but will explain in grater detail later are ;
Abstract and Static Classes
Polymorphism
Classes : ( see also Class Design in PHP )
Classes are the blueprints for objects .
When using OOP you need to start learning to think about your program or application as if it consisted of real world things doing real world actions .
Classes are where you define the characteristics and abilities of those things .
Great you say , what does that mean ?
To understand you need to back away from project and look at from the outside .
The best way to start is to write down an explanation of your program , what it does , how it works , and how it is interacted with .
For a big program this could take a lot of time , but that is ok you will thank your self later .
We are going to use a very simple example .
This program is a zoo .
When the program starts three animals will be shown to the user .
A white cat , a brown dog and a gray koala .
The user will be able to select an animal and click speak to make that animal speak .
When selected the cat will say ‘ meow ’ , the dog will say ‘ woof ’ and the koala will say ‘ jolly good day sir ’ .
The first thing we need to do is identify all the things we need for our program .
The best way to do this is simply list all the nouns in our sentence above .
program , zoo , animal (s ) , user , cat , dog , koala .
Next we need to eliminate some of the obvious .
‘ program ’ and ‘ user ’ are not included because the user is outside the program , and the program is what all our classes will make up .
zoo , animal (s ) , car , dog , koala .
You are probably wondering why we have animal (s ) in our list when the cat , dog and koala are our animals .
The answer is a concept we call Inheritance , which we will cover more on later .
For now though we will just ignore animals , understanding that the cat , dog and koala are our animals .
The next thing we need to do is locate all of our objects characteristics .
This is done by going back to our written out explanation and finding all the adjectives that describe our things .
This program is a zoo .
When the program starts three animal (s ) will be shown to the user .
A white cat , a brown dog and a gray koala .
The user will be able to select an animal and click speak to make that animal speak .
When selected the cat will say ‘ meow ’ , the dog will say ‘ woof ’ and the koala will say ‘ jolly good day sir ’ .
cat – { white}
dog – {brown}
koala – {grey}
After locating all of your things characteristics we just need to locate the actions they need to perform .
This is done by locating all the verbs attached to our thing .
This program is a zoo .
When the program starts three animal (s ) will be shown to the user .
A white cat , a brown dog and a gray koala .
The user will be able to select an animal and click ‘ speak ’ to make that animal speak .
When selected the cat will say ‘ meow ’ , the dog will say ‘ woof ’ and the koala will say ‘ jolly good day sir ’ .
zoo – {} ( shown )
cat – { white} ( say )
dog – {brown} ( say )
koala – {grey} ( say )
Now look at our actions .
To make things make a little more sence we need to change our wording around just a little bit .
Starting with zoo ; the zoo needs to ‘ show ’ three animals .
So lets change ‘ shown ’ to show .
Next our animals will all ‘ say ’ something when told to ‘ speak ’ .
Since we know that the cat , dog and koala are all animals , where we say ‘ make that animal speak ’ we know it refers to them .
When told to speak those animals will say something .
So instead of say we are going to change all of them to speak .
zoo – {} ( show )
cat – { white} ( speak )
dog – {brown} ( speak )
koala – {grey} ( speak )
This process can take a little thinking and judgment on your part to get the right wording , but the important thing is that all your actions are in fact represented by your classes .
To take the information we have collected above and now represent it in code see my code example below .
If you are experienced in the syntax already try and build these classes on your own first .
If you are completely new to the syntax I encourage you to read see Class Design in PHP .
Code :
class Zoo { var $ _ animals = Array ( ) ; function Show ( ) { echo " < h2 > Animals in the zoo : </ h2 > " ; foreach ( $ this -> _animals as $ animal ) { echo " < a href='?action=speak&animal= " . get_class ( $ animal ) . " ' > " . get_class ( $ animal ) .
" </a>< br /> " ; } } function __construct ( ) { $ this -> _animals [ " Cat " ] = new Cat ( " White " ) ; $ this -> _animals [ " Dog " ] = new Dog( " Brown " ) ; $ this -> _animals [ " Koala " ] = new Koala( " Grey " ) ; } } class Cat { var $ _color ; function Speak ( ) { return " Meow " ; } function __construct ( $ color ) { $ this -> _color = $ color ; } } class Dog { var $ _color ; function Speak ( ) { return " Woof " ; } function __construct ( $ color ) { $ this -> _color = $ color ; } } class Koala { var $ _color ; function Speak ( ) { return " Jolly good day sir " ; } function __construct ( $ color ) { $ this -> _color = $ color ; } } $ zoo = new Zoo ( ) ; if ( isSet ( $ _REQUEST [ ' action ' ] ) ) { $ animal = $ zoo -> _animals [ $ _REQUEST [ ' animal ' ] ] ; echo " The " $ animal -> _color . " " . get_class ( $ animal ) . " said ' " .
$ animal -> Speak ( ) . " ' " ; } $ zoo -> Show ( ) ;
Instantiation aka Objects :
Instantiation is the process of creating a new instance of an object from a class .
With all those big words it sounds scary but really it is the simplest concept you need to learn .
When you design a class what you are doing is defining the blueprints for your objects .
That code by itself does nothing without your objects .
( Static classes are an exception that we will discuss later ) .
Once you instantiate your objects , all that objects characteristics and actions are stored inside the object , and can be used by your program .
The new keyword in PHP is how we make this happen .
Look at the bottom of our code example above .
See how we are create a new instance of our Zoo class .
$ zoo = new Zoo ( ) ;
Now that we have an instance of our zoo we can look at the zoo ’s $ _animals and call the zoo ’s Show ( ) method .
This is done using a special operator -> after the variable storing our object .
$ animals = $ zoo -> _animals ; $ zoo -> Show ( ) ;
The only other thing you really need to know about instantiation is that you can have more then one instances of the same class at the same time .
Each instance could contain completely different values for their characteristics .
Meaning one of our zoo ’s could have a white cat while the other one has a black cat .
In our example , to do this , you would have change the constructor method in the zoo class and use a different way for adding animals to the zoo .
See if you can do this yourself .
Encapsulation :
Encapsulation is the process of abstracting your objects characteristics or fields from anything using that object .
The purpose of doing this is so that you can strictly control how your data is accessed , manipulated , and even populated .
By default all of our fields and methods in our class are what we call ‘ public ’ , meaning they can all be accessed from instances of our class .
$ _animals is a public field and can be accessed from our Zoo instances .
This works great because we can easily grab our animals from our zoo and get information about them .
The problem with this is , we can now also overwrite the value of the animals in our zoo since we can access it .
$ zoo -> _animals = " Hello World " ;
Now suddenly our animals are not animals at all , it is a simple string .
This will lead to all kinds of problems in our program if this happens .
For one , $ _animals is expected to be an array so as soon as we try to access a value in it as an array we will get an error .
In addition , our program expects to be able to pull objects from the array and access their methods for speak ( ) .
To prevent this from happening we use encapsulation to first hide our $ _animals filed from everyone else , then we will provide a new way to access it using our rules .
The keywords you will use with Encapsulation our ‘ pubic ‘ , ‘ private ‘ , and ‘ protected ‘ .
Like mentioned above , all fields and class members are public be default .
It is still a good idea to label your public fields with the public keyword however , so that your code is easier to read and for others to understand .
Private means , this field can only be used inside the class and by methods of the class .
Meaning , if I set $ _animals to private I can no longer access it from our objects instance of $ zoo , but I can still use it inside our classes code .
This will keep people from being able to set $ _animals to a string value .
class Zoo { private $ _ animals = Array ( ) ; ... }
Now if we try to access $ _animals from our $ zoo instance it would result in an error .
This is good , it now prevents people from changing our $ _animals value to something other then an array of Animals .
Next we need to provide a way for the class to share it ’s $ _animals with the world .
To do this we are going to create a function inside our class that returns the value of our animals .
public function Animals ( ) { return $ _ animals ; }
Now we have provided a way for us to get our animals out of the zoo .
If we call our public Animals ( ) function from our $ zoo instance , it will return our array of animals safely saved in our class , however there is no way for people to change the value of our $ _animals field to anything that is not an array of Animals .
$ zoo = new Zoo ( ) ; $ animals = $ zoo -> Animals ( ) ;
Now things are looking a little more stable .
There is still one problem though .
We have no way of adding animals to our zoo .
We hid our $ _animals field from the outside world so that it could not be changed to something other then an array of Animals .
We were able to get the value saved in that field by creating a public function that returns it .
This means we can also use a function to create a method to add new animals to our zoo .
public function AddAnimal ( $ animal ) { if ( get_class ( $ animal ) != " Cat " && get_class ( $ animal ) != " Dog " && get_class ( $ animal ) != " Koala " ) { throw new Exception ( " $ animal is not an allowed Animal type " ) ; } $ this -> _animals [ ] = $ animal ; }
Now we can add more animals to our zoo if we want to , and we know that the animals they add will either be a Cat , Dog , or Koala , all of which are animal objects .
Now there is no chance that the value of our $ _animals field can ever be set to anything that is not an array of animals .
This whole process is an example of Encapsulation .
We have encapsulated our $ _animals field in this example .
It is generally a good idea to encapsulate all your fields , even if you want to allow complete access to them .
This is not only good coding practice but it also makes your code more consistent and easier to follow .
Inheritance :
Inheritance in OOP terms is the process of a child class taking on the characteristics of it ’s parent or base class .
Meaning any of the characteristics such as fields or functions all are inherited by the child that extends it .
This is used most often when you have a group of objects that share similar characteristics but have some uniqueness that separates them .
We happen to have this situation in our Zoo application .
All of our animals share a characteristic of color .
They all also can be added to the $ _animals [ ] field .
That and the biggest commonality of them all is they are all ‘ Animals ’ Remember our original sentence .
We removed Animals from the sentence since the ‘ Cat’ , ‘ Dog ’ , and ‘ Koala ’ were all Animals .
This is where we get to add it back in .
To add animals back into our program from our sentence we simply need to make a new Animal class .
This class will contain all the common characteristics and actions of the classes that will need to inherit it .
In this case our common field is $ _color , and our common action is Speak ( ) .
class Animal { private $ _ color ; function Speak ( ) { return " Well , I Say ! " ; } function __construct ( $ color ) { $ this -> _color = $ color ; } }
With this code we could now create a generic animal object that has a color and can speak .
This by itself is no big accomplishment however we can now set all of our animal type objects to inherit it ’s characteristics from the animal class .
To do this we simply add the extends keyword to the end of our class names and the name of the class it extends .
class Cat extends Animal { }
Now with this code when we create a new Cat object it will have all the same characteristics as a generic Animal .
Since those fields and functions are inherited we do n’t need to redefine them in the child class .
This leaves our Cat class pretty bare , but with the exact same functionality it had before .
There is only one problem .
Now when the cat is asked to speak it will invoke it ’s parent ’s Speak function that it inherited and say “ Well , I Say ! ” instead of “ Meow ” .
This is where the concept of overwriting comes into play .
Overwriting is the process of replacing an objects inherited characteristic with one of it ’s own .
We can use this technique to overwrite the Animals Speak function with one specifically for our cat .
class Cat extends Animal { function Speak ( ) { return " Meow " ; } }
Now our cat will use it ’s own Speak function when evoked from it ’s instance .
Well why would go through the trouble of inheriting characteristics just to overwrite them ?
The best reason is because their our still some other charictoristics , such as $ _color that do n’t need to be overwritten and will work for all animals .
This saves us from having to write all that same code over and over and over .
It also provides us a few other advantages .
Look at our AddAnimal ( ) function in our Zoo class .
Currently it is only allowing us to add Cat , Dog and Koala objects .
In fact we ca n’t even add our newly created Animal object without going in add adding a condition for it in our if statement .
Imagine how many conditions we could have if our zoo ever expanded ?
Not to mention the pain in the butt it would be to go back and change the code every time we wanted to add a new animal .
By having all our objects inherit from the Animal class we can now perform a more generic check against our new animals before we allow them in our Zoo .
This is done by using PHP ’s is_subclass_of ( ) function .
This function will return true if the passed in object is of or has directly or indirectly derived from the Animal class .
This means we could even create a new class called Panther that inherited from Cat that inherited from Animal .
No matter how many times we extend out our class , it ’s base is still an Animal and therefore can be our zoo .
public function AddAnimal ( $ anima l ) { if ( is_subclass_of ( $ animal , " Animal " ) ) { $ _animals [ ] = $ animal ; } $ this -> _animals [ get_class ( $ animal ) ] = $ animal ; }
Now , we can create as many different kinds of animals as we want for our zoo and inherit their basic characteristics from our Animal class .
Now we know that no matter how unique , advanced , or basic our animals are , they will always have the characteristics required by our program to work , completely removing any possibility of run time error .
This entire concept is called Inheritance .
Conclusion :
With what you have learned in this article you should be able to begin building and designing basic applications using OOP techniques .
Once you are comfortable with these concepts I would encourage you to check back and read my post on Abstract and Static classes , and Polymorphism .
With those techniques you will be able to take what you learned here and bring it to a whole new dimension .
Final Code :
class Zoo { private $ _animals = Array ( ) ; public function Animals ( ) { return $ this -> _animals ; } public function AddAnimal ( $ animal ) { if ( is_subclass_of ( $ animal , " Animal " ) ) { throw new Exception ( " $ animal is not an Animal Obj. " ) ; } $ this -> _animals [ get_class ( $ animal ) ] = $ animal ; } public function Show ( ) { echo " < h2 > Animals in the zoo : </ h2 > " ; foreach ( $ this -> _animals as $ animal ) { echo " < a href='?action=speak&animal= " . get_class ( $ animal ) . " ' > " . get_class ( $ animal ) .
" </a>< br /> " ; } } function __construct ( ) { $ this -> _animals [ " Cat " ] = new Cat ( " White " ) ; $ this -> _animals [ " Dog " ] = new Dog( " Brown " ) ; $ this -> _animals [ " Koala " ] = new Koala( " Grey " ) ; } } class Animal { public $ _color ; public function Speak ( ) { return " Well , I Say ! " ; } function __construct ( $ color ) { $ this -> _color = $ color ; } } class Cat extends Animal { function Speak ( ) { return " Meow " ; } } class Dog extends Animal { function Speak ( ) { return " Woof " ; } } class Koala extends Animal { function Speak ( ) { return " Jolly good day sir " ; } } $ zoo = new Zoo ( ) ; $ myAnimal = new Animal ( " Yellow " ) ; $ zoo -> AddAnimal ( $ myAnimal ) ; if ( isSet ( $ _REQUEST [ ' action ' ] ) ) { $ animals = $ zoo -> Animals ( ) ; $ animal = $ animals [ $ _REQUEST [ ' animal ' ] ] ; echo " The " . $ animal -> _color . " " . get_class ( $ animal ) . " said ' " .
$ animal -> Speak ( ) . " ' " ; } $ zoo -> Show ( ) ;
— Live , Learn , Share —
Helpful Books :
[ Editor 's note : Each of us views a city through a distinctly personal lens .
Tyee reporter Christine McLaren visited Portland recently and found it superior to her home base of Vancouver , B.C. by three criteria that matter most to her .
Yesterday :
Is the city welcoming to young creative people ?
Today :
Is it bicycle friendly ?
Tomorrow : Is it dealing effectively with homelessness ? ]
The June sun softens the street into gummy asphalt .
My toes slip and slide inside my battered Converse Allstars as I lean forward onto Mississippi Avenue , sweating and squinting .
A pack of cyclists in spandex zooms toward me .
The crowd lining the road cheers .
I 'm startled .
Why all the excitement ?
After all , this is n't the Tour de France I 've happened upon .
Just another community bike race .
Rescuer of Stolen Bikes Slips into the Shadows read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Oh , right .
I 'm visiting Portland , Oregon , the bike capital of America .
Cirque - du - Cycling , as the event is named , is hosted by the local business association , and the reason is pretty simple : there are 80 per cent more bikers in the city of Portland than one decade ago .
After the race , at the VIP party , a grey haired man with geeky , black rimmed glasses laughs with the other guests .
It 's Sam Adams , I 'm told , the mayor of Portland .
Adams is well dressed , slightly tanned , with a bit of a belly and a plastic beer cup in hand to explain it .
I glance down and catch a glimpse of his pant legs , rolled slightly at the ankle ; he 's fresh off his bike .
Later , Adams will stand in front of a mix of people -- some of them kids , some of them in suits , some of them tattooed and wearing garters -- and , with plastic cup still in hand , pants still rolled , the mayor will shout : " What a Portland event ! "
And I 'll think to myself :
What does Portland know that Vancouver has n't yet quite learned ?
Why is it that , while a city like Portland has bridges backlogged with bike traffic - jams , Vancouver remains choked in car traffic , and I , nearly alone on my bike route to work ?
A mere 2,700 cyclists trickle into Vancouver 's downtown every day , while over 9,000 daily cross over Portland 's bridges .
My first guess is that the Lower Mainland 's sprawling pattern of development may be the problem .
After all , Portland has some of the strictest land - use laws in North America , and in the late 1970s established an urban - growth boundary restricting their outward creep .
But in reality , almost half of all Vancouver residents commute less than five kilometres to work and more than 80 per cent commute less than 10 kilometres , relatively short distances ideal for cycling , according to the City of Vancouver .
Yet in 2007 , over 60 per cent of all trips made in Vancouver were made by car , while bike transportation remained at three per cent , even in the downtown core .
That 's as low as over a decade earlier .
Some neighbourhoods in Portland boast up to 30 per cent of people claiming the bike as their primary or secondary mode of transportation .
Vancouver has all the makings for a world class bike city very similar to Portland : temperate , if rainy , climate ; active , outdoorsy citizens ; and a strong environmentalist movement .
But according to Mia Birk , former Bicycle Program Coordinator for the City of Portland , and current principle of Alta Planning and Design , America 's leading firm specializing in bicycle and pedestrian planning , just having the right conditions does n't insure a self - propelled culture .
" There 's a myth that Portland is just a place where everybody bikes , that 's just how it is , " Mia tells me .
" The same myth exists for Copenhagen and Amsterdam and all the bike friendly cities of the world .
' That 's how it is , people just bike ' .
And that 's not correct , the truth is that we made this city what it is today . "
Suing for bike lanes
Oregon , much like B.C. , has long had a reputation for progressive thinkers and policy makers .
Even back in 1971 , the state passed a law that required cities and counties in Oregon to spend a minimum of one per cent of transportation funding on bicycle and pedestrian projects .
The law also demanded that every roadway built included both bike and pedestrian facilities .
This law was largely ignored until the early ' 90s , when Portland 's then newly - formed Bicycle Transportation Alliance , now an organization with over 5000 members , sued the City of Portland because the Department of Transportation refused to include bike lanes in the construction of two major new roads .
They won , and the court ruled that the city must comply with the 1971 law on every roadway project .
With that decision still in mind in 1996 , the city of Portland rolled out its Bicycle Master Plan , the plan that would lay the groundwork for bicycle infrastructure in the city for the next decade .
Input from the bike community was taken into consideration and the plan , based on that input , laid out a comprehensive network of bike lanes along major arterials .
" At the time the feeling was , ' We need to be visible , we need to be on the major streets , those are the places that get us where we want to go , ' " says Birk .
So in six years the city laid down over 165 miles of bike lanes throughout the city , opening Portland 's major streets in a way they had never been open to cyclists before .
Then they kept building more .
Vancouver 's wrong turn ?
It was around the same time that Vancouver developed its own Bicycle Master Plan , but with a dramatically different approach .
As opposed to making un - bike - able streets bike - able , Vancouver took their semi - bike - able streets and made them more bike - able .
And they did a tremendous job .
City planners in Portland happily admit that they are stealing designs from streets like the Adanac and Slocan bike routes in Vancouver ; smaller neighborhood streets known as bike boulevards that are further traffic calmed to give bikes fast tracked throughways from one neighborhood to another quickly and safely .
Unfortunately , however , for the majority of bikers , their target destination does not lie on the calmed 10th Avenue , or Cypress Streets .
Yet in planning , Vancouver failed to provide them a comprehensive network of bike lanes , or any other on - street facilities to get them off of those boulevards to where they need to go .
Of our 300 kilometres of bikeways , only about 50 kilometres of them are actual painted lanes , leaving the rest of the city for cyclists to fend for themselves against cars .
As a result , Vancouver 's city bike plan is tailored to a demographic restricted to the bravest of the brave , people Portland planners now call the " Strong and Fearless " .
This , City of Portland bicycle co-ordinator Roger Geller argues , is exactly the wrong approach .
Four cycling personalities
In the early 2000s , Geller sat in his office in the Portland department of transportation thinking hard about the demographic of bikers in the city .
He developed a theory , later backed up by research at the Portland State University , that broke them into four separate groups .
On one end sits No Way No How , the one third of the population who has no interest in biking whatsoever .
Maybe they 'll take a ride on a weekend through the park , but even in the best of conditions they probably wo n't bike on a regular basis .
They just do n't want to .
Then you have the Enthused and Confident , not quite kamakazis , but close .
These are the roughly seven per cent of people who will bike in the city where it 's relatively safe , relatively comfortable , if not a little unnerving for the average person .
Above them , on the extreme end of the spectrum sit the Strong and Fearless , perched on their bikes in the pouring rain , in the middle of the street , ready to go .
They represent almost nothing , maybe one per cent of the city 's population , the bike couriers and other kamakazis who will bike anywhere , anytime , now matter how dangerous or poor the conditions .
And everyone else ?
They 're the Interested but Concerned , the other 60 some - odd per cent of the population with a rational fear of cycling in the city .
They like the idea of cycling , they know it 's good for their health , and for the environment , but they only want to do it if it's as safe and comfortable as their ride in a car or bus .
And these are the people that American cities , Portland and Vancouver included , need to aim their bike infrastructure at , Geller argues .
" They 're the people in the Netherlands who are riding , " says Geller .
What would Vancouver need to appeal to these people ?
I asked .
" Better infrastructure , " says Geller .
" So the network is more complete .
Most of our network is on street .
It takes you where you need to go .
Paths are wonderful , but they 've got to be integrated with a good on - street network . "
Admittedly , he also says bike lanes are n't enough for most of this group .
Further separation , like buffered bike lanes , or separate cycle tracks ( like the three glorious blocks of the Carrall Street Greenway Vancouverites are taunted by ) are ideal , but a bike lane is a start .
Tinkering for the timid
Ultimately the concept is what really matters :
More than 60 per cent of people who inhabit our cities are damn scared of cars , and if you want to get them on their bikes , you need to put as much space between them and traffic as possible .
Downtown Vancouver , for example , is a nightmare , even for the Enthused and Confident .
A cyclist trying to cross town , say , east to west on a marked bike lane has one choice : Dunsmuir Street .
This means that , essentially , if a cyclists needs to cross downtown on the south side , he has two choices : go eight blocks out of his way , or take the plunge and share a lane with angry , honking drivers .
It 's true that Vancouver 's own master plan includes more lanes in the future .
Yet when Vancouver city council voted this summer to double spending on cycling infrastructure ( to $ 3.4 million ) , the money was not allotted to fast - track filling out of the network .
Instead , already well - used bike boulevards will receive new crossing signals and lower speed - limit signs .
The only additions to on - street infrastructure planned for the money will create bike connections between 2010 Olympic venues .
Great if you want to go watch speed - skating once in the two weeks the Olympics will be here , but not so brilliant if you need a litre of milk from the grocery store now .
The fact that the Interested but Concerned are now the driving force behind Portland 's new and improved Platinum Bicycle Master Plan may have a lot to do with their explosion of bike culture through various demographics .
Every person I saw lining the street of the Cirque - du - Cycling , for instance , was at the forefront of the minds of Portland 's city planners ; not just those in the race .
Their new plan includes increasing the number of planned bikeways in Portland from 650 to 926 miles , and emphasizing the construction of " low - stress " bikeways as the top way to create a more attractive atmosphere for bikers in Portland .
Their streets boast bike lanes , bright green bike boxes to make intersections safer for bikers , and downtown traffic lights timed to the speed of the average cyclist , not the average car .
Even further than that , Portland contracted companies like Alta Planning to blitz neighbourhoods and give out any information residents need to make them more comfortable on their bikes , conducting guided bike trips , and information sessions .
The city is removing car lanes in favor of bike lanes , in some cases leaving one lane for cars to share , and a lane on each side for bikers .
They 're taking out car parking spots in favor of centralized bike parking .
( When was the last time you locked your bike to a real bike rack in Vancouver ? )
Creating a pro-cycling cycle
What Portland 's bike - oriented planners are trying to create and reinforce is a feedback cycle .
The safer and easier it is to be a biker , the more people are willing to do it .
" If you build it they will come , " says Geller .
And once they do , the system feeds itself .
The more people bike , the safer it is .
In the city of Portland , as numbers of daily cyclists increased five - fold , crash statistics remained flat , and fatalities decreased from 41 to 15 per year .
Meanwhile , British Columbia has vowed to reduce its carbon emissions by 80 per cent by 2050 .
For there to be any chance of that dream coming true , the city will have to get a lot of cars off of the roads of the province 's main cities .
It takes time , that 's for sure , and Vancouver is slowly chipping away .
But as I cruise my way home from the Cirque - du - Cycling , pedaling over the wide neck of bikeway across Portland 's Hawthorne Bridge , I am struck by how unusual it feels to be this comfortable and relaxed while riding urban streets .
As a cyclist visitor in this city , I sense I 've been granted ownership and equity in the road system that , after all , is there to get everyone where they want to go .
Would n't it be great to feel that way on the streets back home , in Vancouver ?
Tomorrow , last in this series :
Why Portland is making big gains against homelessness .
This is part of my RPG series of entries here at SOB .
See the inaugural entry in the series for more details .
Book Review from the Pocket Pistol : Pathfinder RPG Core Rulebook from Paizo Publishing ( Roughly 575 Pages )
My FLGS put its copies of the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game on its shelves today , eight full days before the official release date .
I know this because they called me and told me they had my reserved copy , so I could come pick it up any time .
Well , technically , I guess this is my SigO ‘s copy , since the next one we get is via a subscription in my name , and being charged to my card .
This is going to be a longer Pocket Pistol Review than usual .
Bear with me —
I ’ve been eagerly anticipating this thing for a while now .
Physical Presence
This thing — at 576 pages — is a fucking tome .
You could probably kill a rhinoceros with this thing , in a single well - placed blow to the head .
It ’s over four pounds of gaming goodness .
It measures up to Paizo ’s usual production quality .
The pages are lightly textured semi-glossy , with vibrant color .
Its binding appears to be sewn through the fold of the page signatures , against a durable folded synthetic weave fabric backing .
The hardcover is thick and the cover is well - glossed , probably quite spill - resistant .
Opening it up greeted me with the smell of freshly printed paper .
This beast of a book is built to last .
Artwork
One place where Paizo skimps sometimes is in artwork — not by getting low quality art ( mostly , it ’s fantastic ) , but by reusing art between products .
This is not an exception .
I keep recognizing art in it from my Adventure Path subscription .
Some of the new art is n’t quite up to the same standards of elegance as some of what ’s being duplicated from other products , unfortunately .
I found a couple of the illustrations disappointing , especially the illustrations in the section on races near the beginning of the book .
The Alpha and Beta test versions had roughly the same setup for the race illustrations as in this official release version , right down to the genders chosen for each race .
The poses are similar , too , though they do n’t strike me as being conscious attempts to copy the original poses .
Unfortunately , it ’s not the same art , and both the SigO and I had the same reaction ; it ’s not as good .
One of the things we both tend to look for in RPG book art , particularly in illustrations from the character creation section of the book , is pictures that make us think “ I want to play that ! ”
The race illustrations in the test versions did an excellent job of that .
The new race illustrations in the hardcover , however , do n’t really do that .
Flavor Content
Chapter Start Pages :
At the beginning of every chapter is a lavish illustration of an epic scene of iconic fantasy fare , with a short column of narrative fiction that explains some of what might be going on in the image .
Of the five of them I read , one was less than stellar .
Getting Started :
Chapter 1 seems to be pretty well written , though I only read it in snatches and pieces .
I was particularly struck by the fact that the example of play did n’t include any “ move four squares ” talk — did n’t , in fact , imply that miniatures were present for the hypothetical example game at all — which I think is a definite win .
It also provided some good references to an in - character justification for how and why the game played out according to the rules the way it did .
It ’s a small thing , but I liked it .
Game Content
I have only skimmed the book as a whole , and read a few choice parts in depth , so do n’t expect an exhaustive review here .
I ’ll hit some points that really jumped out at me .
Races :
Paizo has completely changed the way Half - Orcs are handled now .
They ’re more like the other hybrid race — the Half - Elves — in that now they ’re more versatile , and less easy to pin down to a particular stereotype .
Classes :
Wizard School powers and Sorcerer Bloodlines have been tamed and toned down slightly .
Feats :
There are some new feats in here , including one or two that I ’m definitely going to have to house - rule .
Disappointingly , one of them actually reads quite a lot like a 4E power , giving the character who possesses it a mystifying ability to do something that seems illogical , without any explanation for why or how .
I speak of the Deafening Critical , which allows you to permanently deafen an enemy when you get a critical hit unless the enemy makes a Fortitude save .
Some of the other Critical Focus Feats may also have similar problems , but I was skimming this section and only paused on this one example because it caught my eye .
I ’ll keep the Feat in my games , but I ’ll say it only applies to one ear at a time , because it ’s caused by actually doing physical harm to the ear in question ( or where appropriate perhaps allowing an effect like cupping a hand and nailing someone in the side of the head , over the ear , which in the real world can burst an eardrum ) .
If you get hit in the ear with a sword , I suppose you could easily lose your hearing permanently in that ear , so it makes sense — but complete and permanent deafness in both ears seems ludicrous to me ( and maybe a bit overpowered , at least in campaigns where healing magic is n’t cheap and plentiful ) .
Prestige Classes :
The Pathfinder Prestige Class , as far as I know originally printed in the Pathfinder Chronicles Campaign Setting book ( we have a copy here ) , has been updated for PRPG and included along with the same lineup of Prestige Classes that were in D&D 3.5 ’s DMG .
A few Prestige Classes from the DMG are missing , though — probably for a combination of reasons of space ( the book ’s already HUGE ) and lameness ( some of those original Prestige Classes are far underpowered , and some others were just poorly conceived ) .
The missing classes include :
Archmage
Blackguard
Dwarven Defender
Hierophant
Horizon Walker
Red Wizard
Thaumaturgist
Of course , the fact that Red Wizards of Thay are particular to the Forgotten Realms , and not released under terms of the OGL , is why the Red Wizard is not included here .
Environment :
The Environment chapter appears at a glance to be fairly comprehensive , covering a wide range of subjects in enough depth to be useful without laying it on thickly enough to make this chapter too large :
planar cosmology
siege engine modifiers
survival checks
terrain hazards
traps
urban adventuring
Creating NPCs :
Yes , there ’s a whole chapter about creating NPCs .
Stat Presentation :
Throughout the book , stat blocks appear to be well - formatted and clearly marked so there ’s no wondering where one ends and the next begins — an obvious improvement over some stat block presentation in D&D 3.5 core books .
Tables are clear and feel spacious , despite the compact typeface , matching the quality of those in the 3.5 core books , but have a somehow more elegant feel to them .
Price :
It ’s a $ 50 book .
It has about as many pages as the 3.5 PHB and DMG put together , and costs $ 10 less , so it ’s a slightly better value in terms of the quantity of content , as measured in a number of dollars .
Meanwhile , the 4E DMG is almost 100 pages shorter than the 3.5 DMG , and the 4E core books cost $ 5 more each than the 3.5 versions , so you ’re looking at getting almost 100 more pages of content for about $ 20 less than 4E .
I ’m not complaining about the 4E price — if you like 4E , that ’s probably about right , taking inflation since the 3.5 publication date of 2003 into account .
I ’m just pointing out that the staggering $ 50 price for a single game book ( about normal for a programming text ) is actually kind of a steal , all things considered .
That ’s cover price .
Expect it to be cheaper at Amazon , if you ’re inclined to do your shopping there .
Overall Reaction :
I ’m elated .
I did n’t bother going into detail about a lot of things that are essentially the same as in the Alpha and Beta test versions , and like I said , I have n’t really read through it in depth — I mostly skimmed so far .
It ’s day one ; do n’t expect me to have read all 576 pages with painstaking care .
It may already be time to check your FLGS for copies of this book , if you did n’t have them reserved or ordered in advance .
I suspect the game store we used here ( the same place I get my comic books ) just opened up the box and stuck them on the shelves immediately when they were “ supposed to ” wait until the 13th , but I do n’t know exactly what kind of agreements they may or may not have with distributors .
Damn , this book is huge .
I ’ll have to make room on a shelf .
I guess that ’ll be easy , though , when I pull the D&D 3.5 core books and stick them in the “ we do n’t really use these any longer ” area currently reserved for D&D 3E core books .
The minor disapointments I mentioned only got mentioned because they ’re disappointments , and they ’re exceptions to the rule .
No game book is perfect , of course , but this one is damned close so far .
I give it five bullets out of five .
T he most vocal critics of human rights commissions often invoke freedom of speech .
Yet they were strangely silent when Ottawa effectively blocked Al Jazeera Arabic TV 's entry into Canada in 2004 .
And they are mostly silent now about Al Jazeera English 's application before the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission .
Being treated like that in Canada is a minor irritation for the folks at the Qatar - based Al Jazeera , including the Canadian Tony Burman , managing director , English .
They have seen far worse .
A - J Arabic was started in 1996 as a way of putting the gas - rich Persian Gulf emirate on the map .
Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al - Thani got it started with $ 140 million and the freedom to do real journalism .
The quid pro quo was that the network would n't go after him .
As compromising as that sounds , it is n't really .
Which Canadian media excoriate their owners ?
A - J spread like wildfire .
Using its motto , " The opinion and the other opinion , " it broke one taboo after another .
Are the Saudi royals corrupt ?
Is Hezbollah a terrorist organization or legitimate resistance ?
Jordan , Kuwait and Bahrain shut down A - J bureaus .
So did the Palestinian Authority ( again , yesterday ) .
Algeria shut down its own power grid 10 minutes into an A - J program on extrajudicial killings in that country .
Saudi Arabia once banned its citizens from watching , appearing on or talking to anyone from A - J .
It ran an effective campaign to have advertisers pull their business from Al Jazeera .
It pulled its envoy from Doha .
So did Morocco .
Tunisia and Libya severed diplomatic relations .
Egypt dubbed A - J a " Zionist channel . "
Al - Jazeera was accused of being a lackey of Osama bin Laden , Saddam Hussein and Hamas – as well as Israel and the CIA .
In November 2001 , two American 500 - pound bombs were dropped on the A - J bureau in Kabul , levelling the building .
No one was inside .
During the Iraq war , its office in a Basra hotel was hit by four American missiles .
Again , no one was hurt .
Its Baghdad bureau was bombed , killing one correspondent .
A - J staff was repeatedly harassed , beaten , arrested .
With its many bureaus and enterprise reporting , A - J got scoops galore : the 1998 Anglo - U.S. bombing of Iraq ; interviews and tapes of Osama bin Laden ; the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan , etc .
It was the first Arabic channel to interview Israelis .
It was the first with women sports reporters .
In Canada , the A - J Arabic application was approved in 2004 by the CRTC but under strict conditions .
To ostensibly protect viewers from possible anti-Semitic material , the channel 's distributors were to be held responsible for its content .
They balked .
" The effect of the commission 's decision is to turn distributors into censors , " said Michael Hennessy , president of the Canadian Cable Association .
" This sets a frightening precedent . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Now it is the Al Jazeera English network , started in 2006 , that 's up for consideration .
The CRTC is expected to meet next week .
The English network broadcasts 24 hours a day , seven days a week , from four centres – Doha , Kuala Lumpur , London and Washington .
It has developed a following of 140 million households in 100 countries – a footprint that the BBC and CNN took 10 years and more to develop .
But unlike them , " our home team is not London or Atlanta .
We have no home team to cheer , " says Burman , former head of CBC News .
A - J English reports from under - reported regions of this world .
It does so in detail , not two - or three - minute clips .
This at a time when other media are retrenching , and Canadians are seeing less and less of news from around the world .
The network has a staff of 1,200 from 50 nationalities , " the most diverse newsroom in the world , " says Burman .
" Our staff is as multicultural as Canada .
A - J should have special resonance in Canada . "
Burman also says that " Israeli politicians appear on Al Jazeera more than on any other network outside of Israel .
We provide more coverage of Israel than any other international coverage outside of Israeli networks .
" We are seen in Tel Aviv but not Toronto , in Haifa but not Halifax , in Kiryat Shmona but not Calgary . "
That makes no sense .
The CRTC has no choice but to give Canadians the freedom to see Al Jazeera English .
Otherwise , it would place Canada in the company of those autocrats who have tried to silence Al Jazeera .
Haroon Siddiqui writes Thursday and Sunday .
hsiddiq@thestar.ca
Bruce Schneier is an internationally renowned security technologist and author .
Photo by Geoffrey Stone
China is the world 's most successful Internet censor .
While the Great Firewall of China is n't perfect , it effectively limits information flowing in and out of the country .
But now the Chinese government is taking things one step further .
Under a requirement taking effect soon , every computer sold in China will have to contain the Green Dam Youth Escort software package .
Ostensibly a pornography filter , it is government spyware that will watch every citizen on the Internet .
Green Dam has many uses .
It can police a list of forbidden Web sites .
It can monitor a user 's reading habits .
It can even enlist the computer in some massive botnet attack , as part of a hypothetical future cyberwar .
China 's actions may be extreme , but they 're not unique .
Democratic governments around the world -- Sweden , Canada and the United Kingdom , for example -- are rushing to pass laws giving their police new powers of Internet surveillance , in many cases requiring communications system providers to redesign products and services they sell .
Many are passing data retention laws , forcing companies to keep information on their customers .
Just recently , the German government proposed giving itself the power to censor the Internet .
The United States is no exception .
The 1994 CALEA law required phone companies to facilitate FBI eavesdropping , and since 2001 , the NSA has built substantial eavesdropping systems in the United States .
The government has repeatedly proposed Internet data retention laws , allowing surveillance into past activities as well as present .
Systems like this invite criminal appropriation and government abuse .
New police powers , enacted to fight terrorism , are already used in situations of normal crime .
Internet surveillance and control will be no different .
Official misuses are bad enough , but the unofficial uses worry me more .
Any surveillance and control system must itself be secured .
An infrastructure conducive to surveillance and control invites surveillance and control , both by the people you expect and by the people you do n't .
China 's government designed Green Dam for its own use , but it 's already been subverted .
Why does anyone think that criminals wo n't be able to use it to steal bank account and credit card information , use it to launch other attacks , or turn it into a massive spam - sending botnet ?
Why does anyone think that only authorized law enforcement will mine collected Internet data or eavesdrop on phone and IM conversations ?
These risks are not theoretical .
After 9/11 , the National Security Agency built a surveillance infrastructure to eavesdrop on telephone calls and e-mails within the United States .
Although procedural rules stated that only non-Americans and international phone calls were to be listened to , actual practice did n't always match those rules .
NSA analysts collected more data than they were authorized to , and used the system to spy on wives , girlfriends and famous people like former President Bill Clinton .
But that 's not the most serious misuse of a telecommunications surveillance infrastructure .
In Greece , between June 2004 and March 2005 , someone wiretapped more than 100 cell phones belonging to members of the Greek government -- the prime minister and the ministers of defense , foreign affairs and justice .
Ericsson built this wiretapping capability into Vodafone 's products , and enabled it only for governments that requested it .
Greece was n't one of those governments , but someone still unknown -- a rival political party ?
organized crime ? -- figured out how to surreptitiously turn the feature on .
Researchers have already found security flaws in Green Dam that would allow hackers to take over the computers .
Of course there are additional flaws , and criminals are looking for them .
Surveillance infrastructure can be exported , which also aids totalitarianism around the world .
Western companies like Siemens , Nokia , and Secure Computing built Iran 's surveillance infrastructure .
U.S. companies helped build China 's electronic police state .
Twitter 's anonymity saved the lives of Iranian dissidents -- anonymity that many governments want to eliminate .
Every year brings more Internet censorship and control -- not just in countries like China and Iran , but in the United States , the United Kingdom , Canada and other free countries .
The control movement is egged on by both law enforcement , trying to catch terrorists , child pornographers and other criminals , and by media companies , trying to stop file sharers .
It 's bad civic hygiene to build technologies that could someday be used to facilitate a police state .
No matter what the eavesdroppers and censors say , these systems put us all at greater risk .
Communications systems that have no inherent eavesdropping capabilities are more secure than systems with those capabilities built in .
----
Bruce Schneier , Minneapolis , is a security technologist .
His latest book is " Schneier on Security . "
You have my express permission to kick the next person -- especially someone advocating the embrace of radical forms of technological advancement -- who tells you that they wish nothing more than to get rid of , move beyond , or otherwise avoid " politics . "
Kick them hard , and repeatedly .
They have adopted a profoundly ignorant and self - serving position , one that betrays at best a lack of understanding of human nature and society , and at worst a malicious desire to preemptively shut down any opposition to their goals .
The trigger for this bit of anticipatory violence is the still - smoldering debate over the writing of one Peter Thiel , a poster boy for socialist revolution .
Staggeringly rich , he espouses a form of " I got mine , Jack " libertarianism that is openly and gleefully anti-democratic .
In a widely - criticized essay for the Cato Institute , Thiel claims that the extension of the vote to women and the poor has undermined capitalism ; unsurprisingly , this argument has n't gone over well , and even his apologists -- happy to continue getting his money for their projects -- have distanced themselves .
But my focus here is on another line from his essay :
In our time , the great task for libertarians is to find an escape from politics in all its forms ...
Unless
Thiel means that libertarians must live in splendid isolation from society and each other , he 's going to have a problem .
He 's not alone in making this claim , of course .
I 've heard the sentiment that advocates of Revolutionary Technology X " must seek to escape politics " repeated in various forms time and again , even by people and groups I otherwise respect .
It 's a fascinating and sad delusion , characteristic of a movement that sees itself as both smarter than everyone else and unbound by the problems of the past .
In the early days of the dot - com era , this attitude resulted in the absence of digital tech industry voices in Washington , DC , allowing the incumbent telecom and entertainment industries free rein to write laws and buy politicians without opposition .
Companies and industries that had considered themselves beyond politics found out just how wrong they were .
Stung by that experience , today 's advocates of the " escape politics " position usually articulate it as more of a wishful whine , as with Thiel 's line quoted above .
It 's a position I 've fought hard against for quite awhile .
It was the heart of the presentation I gave at the 2007 Singularity Summit ( where I heard a lot of people making the " let 's escape politics " cry ) .
More recently , I talked about it in my interview with the Dutch consulting group FreedomLab ; here 's a video clip of that part of the conversation .
It runs just over two minutes :
The core of the argument is straightforward : Politics is part of a healthy society -- it's what happens when you have a group of people with differential goals and a persistent relationship .
It 's not about partisanship , it 's about power .
And while even small groups have politics ( think : supporting or opposing decisions , differing levels of power to achieve goals , deciding how to use limited resources ) , the more people involved , the more complex the politics .
Factions , parties , ideologies and the like are simply ways of organizing politics in a complex social space -- they 're symptoms of politics , not causes .
Calls to get rid of politics can therefore mean one of two things : getting rid of persistent relationships with other people ; or getting rid of differential goals .
Since I do n't see too many of the folks who talk about escaping politics also talking about becoming lone isolationists , the only reasonable presumption is that they 're really talking about eliminating disagreements .
It 's the latest version of the notion that " a perfect world is one where everyone agrees with me . "
It rarely gets expressed like that , of course .
It 's more like ...
After the Singularity , we 'll be too smart to have politics ...
[ Or ]
Once we develop strong ( and friendly ) AI , we 'll let them make decisions for us , as they will be far smarter and wiser ...
In a post - scarcity , nanotech world , nobody will have politics because everyone will have what they need and want ...
Once we get off - world , politics will go away because you can always move away from someone you disagree with ...
After we can reengineer the brain , we can do away with conflict and disagreement ...
No .
Wrong .
Bad technophile , no upload !
This is why I was so frustrated at the deprecation of politics in the Singularity University curriculum -- there 's a profound ignorance across the tech advocacy community of the importance of politics to human society .
Politics means conflict , debate , and frustration .
It also means choice .
A world without politics is a world where disagreement is illegitimate .
It 's a world where your ability to choose your future -- to make your future -- has been taken away , whether you like it or not .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
07/31/2009
Hey Mainers :
Do you think your gay neighbors are abnormal ?
by Jeremy Hooper
The Stand 4 Marriage Maine crew can use as many stock photos of smiling families as they want .
And they can say that their so - called " People 's Veto " is all about " protecting traditional marriage " until they 're blue in the face .
Because their fellows at the Christian Civic League of Maine / Maine Family Policy Council will continue to reveal the anti-equality movement 's true agenda :
" Our victory will be won when society no longer views homosexuality as normal , and same - sex marriage as desirable .
To this end we must have true grit and unwavering persistence and fortitude . "
League Congratulates Maine on a Successful Petition Drive [ Whatever Mike Heath is calling his org .
these days ]
That 's right :
Their ultimate goal is to have gay people seen as no less than abnormal .
It 's not about " protecting " anything .
It 's not about the word " marriage . "
It 's not about any of the other bullcrappy - laden lines that they will feed to voters over the next few months .
The upcoming referendum is ultimately a vote on whether or not Mainers think that their LGBT neighbors are worthy of their normal place within society 's spectrum .
The Maine Family Policy Council ( which has ties to Family Research Council and Focus on the Family ) just came right out and said it !
They might just make this one really easy for us !
*EARLIER : Hey Mainers :
Do you think your gay neighbors are 'evil ? [ G - A - Y ]
Maine 's ' people 's veto ' :
It 's gay lives in general that they really hope to invalidate !!!!!!! [ G - A -Y ]
**SEE ALSO : Pam's also taking on Mike Heath 's latest : Christian Civic League of Maine 's Heath on the ' insidious methods ' of the Homo Agenda [ PHB ]
**SEE ALSO , ALSO : For those visual learners , we have put this post into YouTube form : Video :
It 's our ' normalcy ' that 's at stake ! [ G - A - Y ]
Your thoughts
Of course .
It all comes down to what I call the 'ick ' factor .
They cannot fathom who two men or two women can have sex without it being ' dirty ' .
What it really boils down to , and this one kills me is that when a man is the receptive partner to another man , he is debasing himself and acting as a woman .
In essence it 's a perverted version of misogyny .
Posted by : Tony P | Jul 31 , 2009 10:59:07 AM
Well yea ,
Tony , we know they think it .
Now it 's time for them to come out and say it .
I applaud CCL of Maine , in a way , for writing the above .
We should force the anti-equality side to use " WE WANT GAYS TO BE SEEN AS ABNORMAL ! " as their tag line !
Posted by : G - A - Y | Jul 31 , 2009 11:04:59 AM
The laws within the united states are not biblical , get over it .
As for you Tony P , in Ancient times plenty of men had homosexual relations with other men , it was a rather common occurrence .
As for your reference to misogyny , would you rather that men openly beat women , rape them or worse murder ?
Also to point out , a man acting a woman would not even come close to misogyny .
Misogyny is hatred of women .
I suggest you brush up on your diction .
Posted by : Ur AN Idiot | Jul 31 , 2009 4:04:11 PM
Uhm , " UR An Idiot " : I think you are very confused .
You are commenting on a pro-gay post on a pro-gay site .
Tony P is standing up for gays !
Posted by : G - A - Y | Jul 31 , 2009 4:15:08 PM
Why do gay people deny that they 're abnormal when it 's self - evident that they are ?
We 're all abnormal in one way or another , get over it .
The basic reason that we have a sex drive to start with is to encourage sexual relations with adult human beings of the opposite gender ( not with with little kids , or goats , or the same gender ) .
Posted by : Bongo | Dec 7 , 2009 1:49:54 PM
Enjoy your opposite sex - tuned sex drive , Bongo .
I and millions of others will live as we were created .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Dec 7 , 2009 1:53:56 PM
Go ahead , just do n't insist that anyone who calls it abnormal is somehow " unenlightened . "
It 's demonstratably abnormal and if you want to talk to kids about it you should not be calling it " normal . "
Even kids know better than that .
Posted by : Bongo | Dec 7 , 2009 4:28:02 PM
Bongo : I will not make any assumptions about the people on an individual level .
But the view itself certainly is an unenlightened one .
And do n't project on kids .
The kids in my family , having grown up with gay uncles ( among other LGBT relatives ) since day one , would find your view to be the abnormal outlook .
Out of my own interest , Bongo :
What role do you perform at BC&BS ?
Posted by : G - A - Y | Dec 7 , 2009 4:44:57 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Pythons are not venomous and generally no threat to humans A gang brandishing a snake as a ' weapon ' attacked a 14 - year - old boy with a 4ft ( 1.2 m ) python , forcing the reptile to bite the teenager 's arm .
Police suspect the attack , in Bradley Stoke , South Gloucestershire , may have had a racist element to it and officers are appealing for witnesses .
The boy was pinned to the floor on Saturday afternoon , as one gang member forced the green python to attack .
Two youths aged 16 and 17 , both boys , are being questioned .
The teenager was taken to Frenchay Hospital for checks .
Ambush predators Police and the RSPCA are now investigating the incident , which took place at about 1500 BST .
Paramedics who attended the scene were left baffled by the injury and called Bristol Zoo for advice .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A spokesman for Great Western Ambulance service ( GWAS ) said : " Ambulance staff consulted Google and Bristol Zoo experts after a teenager was attacked by a group of youths . "
The spokesman added that the group forced the snake to bite the boy on the arm , leaving two puncture wounds .
Pythons are ambush predators which rely on crushing their prey , and are not venomous .
GWAS incident support officer Michael Howells , who was at the scene , said : " Although the patient was suffering breathing difficulties after the attack , this was probably due to panic rather than a reaction to the bite .
I would probably be panicky if that happened to me . "
An Avon and Somerset Police spokesman said : " The teenager had been subject to racist comments and was then reportedly held down as a snake was held in front of him , which bit his right arm .
" The boy was taken to Frenchay Hospital with breathing problems , where he was treated for the injury to his arm .
" Police would like to hear from anyone who was in Merryweather Close at the time of the incident . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The great bell of the Palace of Westminster 's clock chimed for the first time on 11 July 1859 .
Its nickname , Big Ben , proved so popular that it was used for the whole clock , while the sound of the bell itself has been used in broadcasting for decades .
To celebrate 150 years of the bongs , BBC News presents six facts about Big Ben .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : Haddock version 2.5.0
-------------------------------------------- -- Haddock 2.5.0
--------------------------------------------
A new version of Haddock , the Haskell documentation tool , is out !
If you 're using GHC 6.10.2 and Haddock 2.4.2 , you should be able to upgrade to this version without any problem .
If you 're using something else , you should re-install any documentation that you want to link to after upgrading .
Please use the bug tracker to submit bug reports or feature requests .
-------------------------------------------- --
Changes in version 2.5.0
-------------------------------------------- * Drop support for GHC 6.8 .* * Add support for GHC 6.10.3 and 6.10.4 * Revert to the old multi-page index for large packages ( # 106 ) * Show GADT records in the generated documentation * Create the output directory if it does n't exist ( # 104 ) * Use the native codegen instead of compiling via C for TH modules *
Add -- use - unicode flag for displaying prettier versions of common symbols * Mutiple verbosity levels : remove -- verbose and add -- verbosity=n * Simpler versioning of .haddock files
To avoid slow search , Haddock switches from the searchable index to the old multi-page index for large packages ( containing over 150 items ) .
This , and support for GADT records in the generated documentation was implemented by Isaac Dupree as part of his Summer of Code project .
The -- use - unicode flag was contributed by George Porges .
-------------------------------------------- --
Links
--------------------------------------------
Homepage : http://www.haskell.org/haddock
Hackage page : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/haddock-2.5.0
Bugtracker and wiki : http://trac.haskell.org/haddock
Mailing list : haddock at projects.haskell.org
Code repository : http://code.haskell.org/haddock
-------------------------------------------- -- Contributors
--------------------------------------------
The following people contributed patches to this release : Isaac Dupree Ian Lynagh Simon Marlow Simon Peyton - Jones George Porges David Waern -------------------------------------------- --
Future Plans
--------------------------------------------
Here are the top priority tickets right now : * Cross - package documentation ( # 24 ) * Good warning messages when encountering unexpected Haddock comments ( #94 ) * Comments on instance declarations ( # 29 ) Isaac Dupree has been working on the first item as part of his SoC project and it is near completion .
If you have any input on what we should prioritize , add yourself to the CC list of the ticket ( s ) that you are interested in .
-------------------------------------------- --
Get Involved
--------------------------------------------
We would be very happy to get more contributors .
To get involved , start by grabbing the code : http://code.haskell.org/haddock
Then take a look at the bug and feature tracker for things to work on : http://trac.haskell.org/haddock
Akuma Phantom II MFR Motorcycle Helmet Review
Ultra - light carbon fiber helmet is comfortable , has good air flow and is relatively quiet .
The Akuma Phantom II is designed as a no- nonsense “ Made For Racing ” ( MFR ) design .
Another first : the Akuma Phantom II is the first motorcycle helmet to have a genuine Transitions SOLFX brand photochromic visor installed as standard equipment
Akuma has now firmly established its reputation as an innovator in motorcycle helmet design .
This reputation comes from products ranging from the Akuma Ghost Rider ( review ) to the Stealth ( review ) helmets .
Those helmets include integrated LED rear lights , LED flashlight and rechargeable power systems .
And , do n’t forget the Akuma AEGIS hydrophobic visor that literally repels dirt and the Akuma Gemini , the first electrochromic visor for motorcycle helmets .
There ’s always something new coming out of the Akuma “ Skunk Works ” , including the brand - new Akuma Phantom II MFR helmet shown here .
Which , among other things , is the lightest weight helmet of its size we ’ve ever reviewed !
The Phantom II is a featherweight 1367 grams in the size XL shown here , and for those of you who think weight does n’t matter , believe me — once you wear a helmet this light , anything else feels like tying a cinder block to your head !
It ’s amazing how different it feels to turn your head side to side without the momentum that results from extra mass of helmets weighing up to 500 grams more .
It ’s a completely different feeling when riding .
Yet the shell feels about as stiff or stiffer than any other full - face helmet I ’ve handled .
Subjective , yes , but confidence boosting for sure .
World ’s First Transitions SOLFX Photochromic Face Shield !
And as if making an ultra - light helmet was n’t enough , the Phantom II has another trick up its sleeve : it comes with a Shield Transitions SOLFX photochromic visor !
Shield Tech has partnered with Transitions Optical to create photochromic visors , and the visor you see in these photos is the first and only photochromic visor carrying the famous Transitions SOLFX label .
Transitions Optical is the company that first successfully commercialized plastic photochromic lenses for eyeglasses and sunglasses , and they ’re probably the most well - known photochromic lens manufacturer in the world .
You sometimes see photochromic lens manufacturers claiming that their products “ work like a Transitions lens ” — but the Shield Transitions SOLFX visor IS a Transitions lens !
The Transitions SOLFX label on a photochromic lens — which you can see on the Akuma Transitions visor — means you ’re getting the highest level of quality and performance and fast tint and clearing times .
The visor darkens based on the amount of UV light and the ambient temperature , going from nearly clear at about 95 % light transmission down to full dark in around 30 seconds , depending on conditions .
Full dark back to full clear takes a bit longer .
Transitions lenses were the first to receive the American Optometric Association Seal of Acceptance and the World Council of Optometry Global Seal of Acceptance for UV Absorbers and Blockers .
Also , they provide 100 % UV light protection at any level of tint ; they ’re rated at UV400 ( i.e. , UV protection to 400 nanometers wavelength ) .
The Phantom II comes with the Shield Transitions SOLFX visor , or it can be ordered with the Akuma AEGIS hydrophobic visor or a plain ol ’ smoke tint visor , and the other visors can be purchased as optional accessories also .
Besides the Akuma Phantom II MFR ( Made For Racing ) , more surprises are coming soon , and you ’ll be the first to read about it on webBikeWorld , so stay tuned !
In the meantime , let ’s put the Phantom II through the wringer !
Where to Buy Akuma Phantom II MFR Helmet
See More Motorcycle Helmets , Motorcycle Visor , Motorcycle Intercom
Akuma Phantom II Paint , Graphics and Overall Quality
The Phantom II was designed as an uncompromised race helmet , according to Akuma , so function trumps fashion .
The helmet comes in any color you want …as long as it ’s carbon fiber gray , to paraphrase Henry Ford ( who , I ’m sure , would have loved carbon fiber ! ) .
Evaluating a carbon fiber helmet is like doing the same for a basic white or black helmet — there ’s not much to say about graphics and colors .
The carbon fiber on the Phantom II has an excellent finish with a clear coat that Akuma says includes a UV inhibitor to help prevent sun damage .
Shine a strong light on the helmet ( I always keep a Gordon LED flashlight on the desk ) and the carbon fiber weave looks thick and precise .
The weave or the fibers seem thicker than other types of carbon fiber I ’ve come across , some of which is designed more for show than go .
The fitments on the Phantom II are also highly functional , absent of any frills that might add weight .
The unique dual - opening chin vents and top vents are minimalistic in their design but they work well , have a sold feel and are easy to use .
The liner also gets special mention ; it features little “ grip tabs ” on the surface at the rear and in the chin bar .
These consist of tiny dots designed to provide better grip for carrying the helmet ( see the close - up photo below ) ; a pretty cool feature that looks different and adds some interest to the liner .
The liner is fully removable and perfectly applied in this example .
It ’s comfortable and features a special “ slick ” fabric on the sides and top to add comfort for racing — and riding .
Score : I ’ll give the Akuma Phantom II an “ Excellent ” rating for overall quality , surface finish and clear coat and excellent overall fit and finish .
See the ratings descriptions in the summary table at the end of this page .
Akuma Phantom II Helmet Fit. Internal Shape and Comfort
The Phantom II has a fairly neutral fit , which seems to be about the norm for race helmets like the Arai Corsair V ( review ) .
The Phantom II tends just a shade to round , which is just fine with me , so we ’re placing it in the “ Slight Round ” category in our revised helmet fit chart ( below ) .
This size XL fits about 1 / 2 size small , a characteristic that was also confirmed with Akuma .
It does have what we consider to be a shorter than normal front - to - back internal distance , and the tip of my nose just touches the top part of the inside of the chin bar .
I think this may be due , in part , to what feels like thicker than normal padding on the back of the chin bar , in addition to the “ grip tabs ” lining .
It ’s not bothersome , but something to mention .
The stiff helmet shell and the shape of the helmet shell , which is slightly tapered towards the bottom , makes it slightly more difficult than normal to slide the helmet over my admittedly bulb - shaped head , but the stiffness gives me a definite feeling of solidity that I would not want to give up .
I ’d say the Phantom II in size XL should fit about a 59.5 to 60.5 neutral to round head shape , which is slightly less than what is mostly considered normal for a size XL .
I can fit a pair of wire - framed sunglasses on to my head when wearing the helmet , but of course this will vary , depending upon your head shape and eyeglass type .
The Phantom II is comfortable , with no pressure points or other discomfort that I ’ve noticed .
The sizing could be a bit larger for my tastes , and the liner material , while comfortable , does n’t feel as plush as some others I ’ve tried , but the smooth finish on the fabric is better than that scratchy - feeling material used in some helmets .
As always , make sure you try the helmet on before buying , and try a variety of sizes .
The smallest size that fits comfortably is usually the safest .
For more information on choosing and fitting a motorcycle helmet , please see the wBWMotorcycle Helmet FAQ page , which also includes a discussion on head shapes .
Score : I ’ll give the Akuma Phantom II a “ Very Good ” rating for conformance to fit and liner comfort .
Helmet manufacturers ( sometimes ) go to great lengths trying to re-invent the perfect helmet ventilation system , but usually , simpler is better .
That ’s certainly the case here ; the venting system on the Phantom II is straightforward but fairly effective .
The chin vent has two covers with slight indentations that allows them to be pushed down to uncover the screened vent , which directs air on to the back of the visor .
The chin bar does not include a direct vent passage for ventilation , but the twin chin vents are placed high up on the chin bar , minimizing the distance the air has to travel and also eliminating any convoluted channels to direct the air .
Open the vents and the air can be felt coming up the front of the visor and on to your face .
The weather is too warm to evaluate the visor ’s anti-fog capabilities , but my guess is that the chin vents should do a very good job of destroying any fogging that might build up on the inside of the visor .
The visor has an initial position for defogging also , and I ’ll describe the rest of the visor capabilities in a separate section below .
The twin top vents also open independently and they too have sliding covers that are easy to use .
They feature three raised dots on top that provide grip and feel .
Slide the covers back and the vent holes underneath become completely uncovered , directing air in a straight shot through a hole in the EPS liner to the top of the rider ’s head .
The large rear exhaust vent is incorporated into the one - piece spoiler .
It has a slider switch that moves a piece of plastic underneath the horizontal vent openings in the rear ; slide left to close and right to open .
I always leave rear exhaust vents open anyway , but the option is yours .
The EPS liner has two large exhaust vent holes in the rear , so the ventilation effectively sweeps over the top of the rider ’s head and out the back .
In the hot summer riding weather we ’ve been experiencing , I do n’t feel a direct flow of air on my head , probably due to the relatively thick mesh used in the liner .
But the combination of the chin vents and the top vent / exhaust system works very well to keep my head from getting too hot .
Score : I ’ll give the Phantom II an “ Excellent ” score for ventilation .
Helmet Weight
One of the most noticeable and outstanding features of the Phantom II is its almost unbelievable light weight .
This is the lightest size L or XL helmet we ’ve ever reviewed .
It ’s currently bested only by two helmets we have listed on our Motorcycle Helmet Weights pagethat were evaluated in owner reports , for which we can not confirm the weights .
So in effect , the Akuma Phantom II is the lightest helmet we ’ve ever reviewed to date !
This is outstanding , and for anyone who does n’t think weight is important , just compare the Phantom II to your current helmet and you ’ll never want to go back .
It ’s a hugely liberating feel to reduce the rotating mass on your head by 25 - 30 % .
The reduced mass is most noticeable when doing over - the - shoulder traffic checks or in turbulent wind conditions ; the momentum that can be felt as a helmet gets heavier is just not there .
This , combined with the simple but aerodynamic shell shape , helps to noticeably reduce my fatigue and neck ache .
The size XL Phantom II shown here weighs in at 1367 grams , or just a gnat ’s hair over 3.0 pounds even , at 3.0 lbs. and 1/8 oz .
For comparison purposes , some of the Phantom II ’s current neighbors on the wBW Motorcycle Helmet Weights page include the OGK FF - 4 ( L ) 1409 grams ; the Nitro N1200 - VX ( XL ) 1426 grams ; the Airoh S4 ( Enduro , XL ) at 1445 grams and the SCHUBERTH J1 ( XL ) at 1480 grams .
Note that some of those neighbors are open - face helmets , which are usually much lighter than their full - face counterparts .
Note also that the Akuma Phantom II comes in near the very bottom at number 3 in our current list of 118 helmet weights , with # 1 and # 2 having unconfirmed weights and # 118 being the heaviest at 1960 grams , or 4 lbs. 5 - 1/8 oz .
See the wBW Motorcycle Helmet Weights page for the entire matrix and graph comparing the weights of all of the open - face , full - face and flip - up helmets we ’ve reviewed .
Score : The Akuma Phantom II gets an “ Outstanding ” rating for its light weight and balance .
Face Shield and Photochromic Transformation
The Shield Transitions SOLFX visor is another very nice feature of the new Akuma Phantom II ; it is installed as standard equipment .
This system was described in the Background section at the beginning of the article , so I ’ll focus on its operation and use in this section .
The SOLFX label is used by Transitions Optical for their outdoor “ sunwear ” , or sunglasses .
There ’s lots more information about the technology used in this product on the SOLFX mini-site .
But even if the Akuma Phantom II face shield did not have the Transitions SOLFX photochromic feature , it would still be an excellent motorcycle helmet face shield .
It is very rigid , so it does n’t flex when moving it up and down through the six very firm and very distinguishable detents .
Each lift of the face shield snaps it open at a very defined position , including the initial opening that can be used for defogging or ventilation — the position that almost every other manufacturer ca n’t get right and which more than a few have apparently given up on even trying to get right .
In fact , we think this is the most secure feeling , firmest face shield we ’ve used on any helmet .
That is , the combination of the face shield stiffness and the rotating mechanism just seem to be a cut above anything else we ’ve tried .
Since this has always been a pet peeve in our helmet reviews , this praise is noteworthy .
The face shield on the Phantom II also has a different removal procedure than most other helmets .
Most helmets require that the face shield is lifted all the way up before it can be removed .
The Phantom II face shield can not be removed at the uppermost position , and that is by design .
The face shield must be set in the penultimate raised position , then the spring - loaded lever can be pulled down and the face shield pops off the side of the helmet .
This design is intended to prevent the face shield from flying off the helmet unexpectedly during a race , according to Akuma , so it functions as a safety precaution .
In practice , the face shield is very easy to remove and re-install , and the procedure is demonstrated in our video below .
The optical qualities of the Shield Transitions SOLFX photochromic face shield are excellent .
The eye port has what I think is about average sight lines to perhaps just slightly less than normal in side - to - side and up / down periphery , but this may be due to the slightly smaller than normal fit for me .
Score : I ’ll rate the face shield clarity , operation and visibility of the face shield as “ Outstanding ” .
Akuma Phantom
II helmet liner is removable and includes a chin curtain .
face shield rotating mechanism feels solid and secure .
Where to Buy Akuma Phantom II MFR Helmet
See More Motorcycle Helmets , Motorcycle Visor , Motorcycle Intercom
Noise Levels
The Akuma Phantom II is really a no - nonsense , no compromise design , which is very focused on light weight .
So when compared to similar helmets , it ’s actually relatively quiet and not as loud as the Arai Corsair V ( review ) or the Shoei X - 11 ( review ) , , for example .
The top vents add some whistling noises at certain angles of attack , and in fact they can be made to give up a rather funny sounding “ scream ” noise as the head is turned side - to - side .
It literally sounds like there ’s a little sprite in there , screaming down the hole .
It ’s kind of fun to make him ( or her ) scream , and since it only happens under certain conditions , I guess it ’s not that bad .
Both Burn and I have noticed that the helmet has a bit of a gap at the rear , just under the ears .
There ’s a low section of padding added to the very rear of the helmet at the bottom , and I think if this was larger or thicker , it would block more of the wind noise that comes from up under the back of the helmet .
I can stick my thumb up there and decrease the sound levels fairly dramatically .
This greatly decreases the transmitted noise levels to a point where the helmet is relatively very quiet .
So perhaps a bit more work on this part of the liner may be in order , although depending upon your head shape , you may or may not notice the effect .
Note that our helmet evaluations are a combined effort of several riders over time on different types of motorcycles with and without windscreens .
Evaluators wear correctly fitted , high quality ear plugs ( even when evaluating motorcycle intercom systems ) .
Always protect your hearing when riding a motorcycle .
See the wBW Earplug Reviews for more information on choosing and wearing earplugs .
Note also that perceived noise levels will vary , depending on the individual .
Noise can be caused by many factors , including helmet fit , the type of motorcycle and windscreen , wind speed and direction and even the rider ’s clothing .
For more information on helmet noise , visit the wBW Motorcycle Helmet Noise page .
Score : I ’ll give the Akuma Phantom II a “ Good ” rating for noise control .
wBW Video : Akuma Phantom II Helmet
Miscellaneous
The Phantom II uses a double D-ring system for attachment .
The snap for the extra length is placed pretty far up under the chin on the left - hand side , above the D- rings , which makes it more difficult than it should be to secure the loose end .
Also , we found the padding under the chin strap to be too thin and too short for good comfort , although again this may be due to the sizing issue or the helmet fit .
The Phantom II is labeled as meeting both DOT and ECE safety standards .
Since the Shield Transitions SOLFX face shield is clear when it ’s not exposed to UV radiation , and because it has variable tinting , depending upon ambient conditions , it apparently meets ( or sneaks by ) the ECE 22.05 or BS4110:1979 standards , which require a minimum light transmission of 50 % .
Conclusion
The Akuma Phantom II helmet shows what can be done when attention is paid to weight .
The combination of light weight and the standard photochromic face shield , along with the high quality fit and finish , make this one a standout .
The Akuma Phantom II and the Shield Transitions SOLFX face shield is brand new to the market and is just now available for purchase .
wBW Review : Akuma Phantom II Helmet Manufacturer : Akuma Helmets List Price ( 2009 ) : $ 479.95 Colors : Carbon fiber Made In : Taiwan Sizes : S - 2XL Shell Sizes : Unknown Review Date : July 2009 Rating Scale is subjective : Unacceptable , Poor , Neutral , Very Good , Excellent , Outstanding .
Note : Item provided by a retailer , distributor or manufacturer with these Item provided by a retailer , distributor or manufacturer with these Terms and Conditions
Note : For informational use only .
All material and photographs are Copyright © webWorld International , LLC since 2000 .
All rights reserved .
See the webBikeWorld ®
For informational use only .
All material and photographs are Copyright © webWorld International , LLC since 2000 .
All rights reserved .
See the webBikeWorld® Site Info page .
Product specifications , features and details may change or differ from our descriptions .
Always check before purchasing .
Read the Terms and Conditions
See Comments are ordered from most recent to oldest .
See details on submitting comments
From “ T.R. ” ( February 2012 ) : “ I ’ve been using my Phantom II on a daily basis now for well over a year .
I ’m happy to report it remains one of my favorite helmets .
It has stood up to the test of time with only minimal wear .
The bottom of the neck curtain is showing some small cracks in the vinyl due to repeated contact with my ‘ Stich jacket collar but other than that the helmet appears new .
Comfort remains excellent .
I remain convinced that the weight savings of this helmet vs. almost any other out there is its best feature .
The difference in all - day comfort between a 3.0 lb. helmet and a 3.75 + lb. helmet is unreal .
I simply will never again be able to tolerate a heavier helmet .
A very close second in terms of must have features remains the SOLFX transitions face shield .
I ’m so spoiled by that thing now I can’t imagine why more vendors do n’t offer it .
It simply works great and I ’ve had no issues with scratching so far .
Also , it still “ transitions ” as fast and as dark as when new .
I ’m going to buy a spare just in case they stop making them but so far the original is rock solid . ”
From “ H.B. ” ( 5/10 ) : “ I ordered this helmet from RevZilla based on very favorable reviews on webBikeWorld and customer reviews there .
Unfortunately only one of these was accurate ( the one giving it two stars and calling it flimsy ) .
First shock came when opening the box–the top part of comfort liner was hanging out below the front of the EPS liner under the brow line .
Okay , I thought –somebody forgot to install it ?
Even the back side clips were not fastened .
That was easy to fix , but upon further examination I found two more serious problems :
On one of the chin vents , the wire mesh is missing - it covers just about 20 % of the opening .
The other one is okay .
On one of the top vents the EPS liner hole does not line up to the opening in the shell vent .
The hole in the EPS liner is barely visible , so I would say that the obstruction of the vent is 99 % .
Not good for the helmet that got rated excellent for ventilation on wBW !
The minor observation is that generally , the finish of the helmet looks rather flimsy .
There are noticeable imperfections in the shell around the edge of the face shield , and imperfections in the finish of the shell close to the lower edge of the helmet .
All in all , the sloppiest helmet I have owned thus far .
Having said that , the helmet fits well ( apart from the nose touching the front - but I was expecting , and willing to live with that ) , and the visor is excellent - all everybody said it would be .
Still , with so many problems found on just one helmet , I can’t but wonder what good will this helmet do me in a 100 mph crash on the track ?
Not that I ’m looking forward to that .
This is the second helmet I bought in the period of last two years , based on the reviews on wBW .
The first one was OGK FF5 , and I ’m much happier with that one , apart from the fact that ( unfortunately ) Akuma fits my head shape better . ”
Editor ’s Note : RevZilla has a liberal return policy ; I suggest contacting them for a refund .
From “ C.M. ” ( 3/10 ) : “ Best helmet ever !!
Got it 2 weeks ago rode twice love everything about the helmet !!
Fit and finish is dead on the shield is amazing I will never go to a regular visor !!
Went ridding last weekend when we stopped for lunch my ridding buddies noticed the shield was clear but while ridding the shield was dark , they could n’t believe it !!
This is a very comfortable light helmet !!
Thanks guys for the great info on this 1 of a kind !!! ”
From “ M.S. ” ( 8/09 ) : “ I deal with a stiff neck every day and it ’s aggravated after riding .
So , I went in search of the lightest helmet I could find .
Of course , it also had to fit properly and be comfortable .
But any other bells and whistles were secondary to being light weight .
I ordered the Shark RSR - 2 ( review ) , the HJC FS - 15 Carbon ( review ) , and the Akuma Phantom II – all in size medium .
I compared the helmet weights on my bathroom scale with my current Scorpion EXO - 700 ( review ) , also size medium .
The display on my scale is digital and graduated in 0.2 lb. increments , so the weight differences that follow are not precise but show the general trend .
The HJC was 0.4 lbs light than the Scorpion .
The Shark was 0.2 lbs lighter than the HJC .
And , the Akuma was 0.2 lbs lighter than the Shark .
The fit of the Shark helmet is more narrow than the HJC or Akuma and there was too much pressure on my cheeks .
The Shark helmet also felt like a fishbowl on my head .
The shape of the HJC was a better fit for me but it was a 1 / 2 size too big .
Finally , the Akuma has a similar shape to the HJC , but fit my head perfectly .
Therefore , I chose the Akuma based on the fit and weight .
After riding with the Akuma for the past week , the weight difference is definitely noticeable and my neck is much happier .
The aerodynamics of the helmet are also noticeable and I never feel like the helmet is being pushed around by the wind , even when looking over my shoulder .
However , one negative aspect that I notice is that I hear much more wind noise with the Akuma .
I guess that ’s the price that must be paid for extremely light weight .
And , not really an issue when wearing ear plugs .
Overall , I love this helmet .
The carbon fiber finish is excellent and the visor sets a new standard . ”
From “ Capo ” ( 7/09 ) : “ My name is Ashon “ Capo ” Dickerson and I had the opportunity to test the new Carbon Fiber Helmet out on the drag strip .
On first viewing of the helmet , I fell in love with the look and how lightweight it was .
The way the shield transitions from light to dark blew me away .
When I tested out the helmet on the quarter mile it surprised me how quiet the inside of the helmet was at180 mph .
The helmet is very comfortable and is by far hands down the best all around helmet that I have rode in .
It is very aerodynamic and the brow line visibility is perfect .
I am pleased to say that I am the first rider to put this helmet in the winners circle .
5 stars for the Akuma Phantom II Carbon Fiber . ”
From “ P.P. ” ( 7/09 ) : “ I like the reviews WebBikeWorld authors .
They have been a very valuable resource for me .
This Phantom II sounds like a real winner in many categories .
I think it is a great innovation that falls well into the “ I ca n’t believe it has not been tried before ” category .
Unfortunately , the photochromatic visor has some caveats .
I have worn eyeglasses for a goodly portion of my life and have used photochromatic lenses in them from time to time , so I have a few cautions to offer from my experiences .
Anyone considering purchasing one should be aware of the time it takes to go clear once the sun turns the visor dark .
For most situations , this is not a problem .
There are a few times when the lights go out quickly and one should have a plan in place for when it happens .
1 ) Tunnels
2 ) Wide bridges
3 ) Parking garages
4 ) tree tunnels ( when you go from something like an open agricultural field into a wooded area )
All of these situations can impart a startling and perhaps dangerous loss of vision .
No , it wo n’t be complete … but vision will be impaired by varying degrees , depending on the contrast .
One should be able to foresee the situation developing and make preparations .
Slow down , back off from the vehicle in front of you , mark the location of vehicles around you … perhaps be prepared to raise the visor .
Your eye adjusts to most changes in 3 - 5 seconds .
The time constant for photochromatics is 5 - 8 times as long .
Finally , a purchaser can not discount tunnels and such simply because there are not around their hometown .
The one time you go on a long trip , there will be one or more of the caution zones above .
The very unfamiliarity of how dark a tunnel can be when in sunglasses can exacerbate the problem .
I do n’t want to call photochromatic lenses dangerous .
I think its a great idea and I can’t wait for it to get more widespread .
I ’m simply imparting that there are some considerations for which one needs to be prepared .
Keep the knowledge that suddenly dark areas can cause a short spike in risk and keep a lookout for them .
Have a plan in place and you ’ll never be surprised .
Then the photochromes will be no more dangerous than truck blast … startling , but not dangerous when you know what to expect .
Now if someone could come up with a visor that darkens under a low electric potential , like the newer autodarkening welder ’s masks …..
THAT would be something .
I hope this is worthwhile for your readers . ”
Editor ’s Reply : I guess you missed our review of the Akuma Gemini electrochromatic visor that darkens or lightens instantly with battery power !
From “ K.H. ” ( 7/09 ) : “ Just read your review of the new Akuma Phantom helmet and I have to say the review is very well done .
I just bought this helmet and have put in about 360 miles on it already .
Like your review says , once you wear this helmet everything else seems like a ton of bricks on your head .
It just cuts through the wind at speed with no buffeting at all and it seems to stay in place even at speeds over 100 mph .
This is probably due to the large wing on the back .
The helmet is very comfortable and I really like the smooth liner .
The carbon fiber is perfectly laid out on the helmet and really pops out in the sunlight and goes with my black GXXR perfectly and with my CF pipes .
I have n’t noticed the whistling noise you mentioned but I ride a sportbike and it may be different if you ride a taller bike .
I would like the nose guard to be a little smaller though but I ’m splitting hairs here .
Now for the visor .
WHOOOOOOOA NELLY !!!!!
It ’s about time .
This visor is the best visor , in my opinion , on the market .
It goes from completely clear to a dark smoke in no time flat and adjusts meaning the tint gets lighter as it gets darker outside .
It ’s also from Transitions so you know you are getting the best tinting tech available , owners of Transitions glasses can testify to this .
Removing the visor was confusing at first as I did n’t read the instructions and was used to putting the visor all the way up .
Yes , one click down and pull on the lever and its pops right off .
To put it back on , you just have to slightly push it in .
I would be very interested in knowing how Akuma could do this and not other manufacturers .
I have recently retired my Arai Corsair for this helmet as Arai simply does not compare with this helmet with regards to weight , aerodynamics and the visor and I paid $ 730 for my Arai and $ 498 after tax for the Phantom .
Just my opinion but I would suggest your readers give this one a good look before spending their money on other helmets , but be careful though .
Once you wear this helmet you wo n’t want to wear anything else .
Just my 2 cents .
Very satisfied customer . ”
Other WebBikeWorld Helmet Posts
Death of a President
Enlarge Image
Death of a President uses archive footage , actors and computer effects to portray the president being shot dead .
UK broadcaster Channel 4 , who made the mock documentary , said it explored the effects of the War on Terror on the US .
But Gretchen Essell , a spokeswoman for the Republican Party of Texas , called for it not to be screened .
I do n't know if there are many people in America who would want to watch something like that
Gretchen Essell
Republican Party of Texas
" The greater reality is that terrorism still exists in our world .
It is obvious that the war on terror is not over .
" I find this shocking , I find it disturbing .
I do n't know if there are many people in America who would want to watch something like that . "
The 90 - minute film shows Mr Bush being targeted by a sniper during anti-war rally in Chicago in 2007 .
He is confronted by a demonstration when he arrives in the city to deliver a speech to business leaders and is shot as he leaves the venue .
The ensuing investigation focuses on a Syrian - born man .
' Irresponsible '
A White House spokesman said of the programme : " We are not going to comment because it does not dignify a response . "
The drama will have its world premiere at next month 's Toronto Film Festival before a screening on UK digital channel More4 .
John Beyer of UK TV pressure group MediaWatch said the film was " irresponsible " .
He said it could even trigger a real assassination attempt and told the Daily Mirror : " There 's a lot of feeling against President Bush and this may well put ideas into people 's heads . "
There will be people who will be upset by it but when you watch it you realise what a sophisticated piece of work it is
Peter Dale
Head of More4
Peter Dale , head of More4 , described it as a " thought - provoking critique " of contemporary US society .
He said : " It 's an extraordinarily gripping and powerful piece of work , a drama constructed like a documentary that looks back at the assassination of George Bush as the starting point for a very gripping detective story .
" It 's a pointed political examination of what the War on Terror did to the American body politic .
" I 'm sure that there will be people who will be upset by it but when you watch it you realise what a sophisticated piece of work it is .
" It 's not sensationalist or simplistic but a very thought - provoking , powerful drama .
I hope people will see that the intention behind it is good . "
Producers of the film , which is directed by Gabriel Range , hope to sell the broadcast rights to the US .
Death of a President will be shown on More4 on 9 October .
