Nothing makes for a good market mystery like gold , especially gold socked away in the vaults .
So here 's a good one , via FT Alphaville , from Professor Antal E. Fekete .
Actually , it 's a double dose .
We must guard ourselves against falling victim to the rumor - mills , while keeping our eyes
peeled for the very real possibility that the growing shortage of physical gold can no longer be
papered over with paper gold ( pun intended ) .
Another story is about GLD , a leading gold
ETF , which publishes its bar - list every Friday at the close of business , reporting the serial
number of every bar in inventory .
The list is customarily well over a thousand pages long .
But , lo and behold , on Friday , October 2 , and on Friday , October 9 , the bar - list shrank to a
mere couple hundred pages , with no explanation offered .
Could it be that the management of
GLD has taken a bribe , and replaced physical gold in inventory by paper gold , in order to save
the face and skin of the bullion banks that have gone naked short and subsequently got
cornered ?
If so , it wo n’t get very far .
The leadership of the US House of Representatives may
well be able to put in deep freeze the motion of Dr. Ron Paul , seconded by over 250 other
congressmen on both sides of the aisle , to audit the Federal Reserve , but it has no power to
stop the auditing of the ETF ’s or bullion banks as required by contract law .
According to
some reports independent auditors , at the insistence of parties holding expired forward
purchase contracts to deliver gold , are descending on ETF ’s and check their vault ’s contents
against their books .
The noose is tightening around the neck of fraudulent banksters caught in
the short squeeze .
And then here he talks about the so - called " Archimedian Test "
Reports are circulating that similar audits of certain Asian depositories have already produced
“ good ” delivery bars ( 400 oz or 12.5 kg gold bricks ) that have been gutted and stuffed with
tungsten — a metal whose specific weight approximates that of gold , so that the famous test
of Archimedes ( fl. 287-212 B.C. ) based on the Law of Buoyancy , designed to expose
fraudulent goldsmiths , would be inapplicable .
Is n’t it strange that criminal law punishes the
fraudulent stuffing of gold bars , but allows the stuffing of gold assets in the balance sheet with paper gold ?
After all , the specific value of tungsten is much higher than that of paper !
AEFGoldBasisIsDeadLongLiveGoldBasis
Iraq 's Ministry for Human Rights will file a lawsuit against Britain and the U.S. over their use of depleted uranium bombs in Iraq , an Iraqi minister says .
Iraq 's Minister of Human Rights , Wijdan Mikhail Salim , told Assabah newspaper that the lawsuit will be launched based on reports from the Iraqi ministries of science and the environment .
According to the reports , during the first year of the U.S. and British invasion of Iraq , both countries had repeatedly used bombs containing depleted uranium .
According to Iraqi military experts , the U.S. and Britain bombed the country with nearly 2,000 tons of depleted uranium bombs during the early years of the Iraq war .
Atomic radiation has increased the number of babies born with defects in the southern provinces of Iraq .
Iraqi doctors say they ' have been struggling to cope with the rise in the number of cancer cases -- especially in cities subjected to heavy U.S. and British bombardment .
The high rate of birth defects and cancer cases will move in the coming years to the central and northern provinces of Iraq since the radiation may penetrate the soil and water by air .
The ministry will seek compensation for the victims of these bombs .
( Source : Press TV ) A child born with defects attributable to exposure to depleted uranium ( File photo )
PESHAWAR
Like most women from the rural areas of Pakistan ’s North West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) , Razila Bibi , 70 , had rarely left her home village near the town of Kabal in conflict - hit Swat Valley before she was displaced in June 2009 .
“ Since I was married when I was 16 years , I only cared for the livestock and did household tasks .
I knew very little about the outside world .
I am learning now , at this age , ” she told IRIN in Peshawar , NWFP ’s provincial capital , where she and her family have been staying with a relative .
Razila is now the head of a household that includes her daughter - in - law , her four grandchildren and her own daughter , aged 30 .
Her son , who remained in Swat during the months of fighting as army soldiers moved into the area in May 2009 , died in July .
The circumstances of his death are unknown and the family has no male member to support them .
“ Things are hard .
We can not go home because we have no income and the house we were renting has been taken by someone who could pay more to the owner , ” said Razila .
She also said it was hard to obtain rations distributed to internally displaced persons ( IDPs ) by the government or NGOs as neither she nor her daughter - in - law have an ID card .
“ We never had one made before and only my late husband and son had them , but now we are asked for one each time we collect supplies , ” she said .
The women have filed an application with the National Database and Registration Authority ( NADRA ) , the government body responsible for issuing ID cards , but do not yet know when the document will be issued .
NADRA had begun the process of registering IDPs in May 2009 , after the first wave of displacements .
Tradition
There is growing concern about the situation of women on their own .
“ We have begun investigating the position of widows in the conflict - hit areas , and getting some statistics about the number , ” Phillipe Fischard , communications delegate in Peshawar for the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) , told IRIN .
He also said a project was planned to distribute cows to widows to help sustain livelihoods .
Besides issues linked to housing and livelihood , tradition was also making it hard for women from conservative areas such as Swat to live on their own .
“ I am an educated woman , capable of earning for myself .
But it would be considered immoral for me to live independently .
Women live either with their parents or their husbands , ” Uzma Farooq Khan , 25 , a teacher from Mingora now based in Peshawar , told IRIN .
“ This makes it hard for widows to find a safe place for themselves to live in while most are also illiterate and have no means to earn an income . ”
Housing problems
“ Our house near Mingora [ the principal city of Swat ] was very badly damaged .
I cannot afford to hire people to help re-build it , and even here [ in Peshawar ] , where I have found some work embroidering clothes , I struggle to support my three young children , ” said Jalila Asif , 30 , another widow .
According to UN Habitat , 6,816 houses in Swat District were damaged and 1,812 of them destroyed completely in the fighting between government troops and militants .
Jalila told IRIN her husband may have been killed because he was suspected of supporting the militants .
She currently lives with distant relatives who have hosted her family since May 2009 , but “ keep warning us we must leave soon because they cannot continue to give us shelter in their cramped home ” .
Severe displacement
The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) issued a Humanitarian End of Year Review 2009 for Pakistan on 13 January in which it said Pakistan experienced the worst internal displacement crisis of its history in 2009 when up to 2.7 million individuals were forced to leave their homes in parts of NWFP , including Swat District , and tribal areas bordering Afghanistan as a result of insecurity and hostilities .
By the end of 2009 , humanitarian assistance was still being provided to 1.1 million IDPs , host families as well as to 1.6 million returnees , Billi Bierling , OCHA public information officer , told IRIN .
Among them are widows who have no income , and in some cases , no homes .
There are also widows and children at IDP camps who continue to face problems .
Their numbers are , however , unknown : “ We do not have the breakdown between men , women and children , ” Bierling said .
kh / at/cb
I ’ve heard about this National Prayer Day ever since I arrived in DC over two decades ago .
I did not know , however , that the group that was running it some creepy secretive arch - religious cult - like organization whose hands were in , among other things , Uganda ’s recent “ kill the gays ” legislation .
CREW explains :
Today , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) urged President Obama and all members of Congress not to attend this year ’s National Prayer Breakfast , scheduled for February 4 , 2010 .
The breakfast , designed to appear as if government - sanctioned , actually serves as a meeting and recruiting event for the shadowy Fellowship Foundation .
The Fellowship , also known as “ The Foundation ” and “ The Family , ” is run by Doug Coe , a spiritual advisor to past government officials who uses the organization to push his unorthodox brand of Christianity within government circles .
The Fellowship operates the infamous C Street House , a congressional residence and meeting place on Capitol Hill that has been a frequent haunt of some ethically challenged elected officials , including Sens. John Ensign ( R - NV ) and Tom Coburn ( R - OK ) , Rep. Todd Tiahrt ( R- KS ) and former - Rep. and now - Gov. Mark Sanford ( R - SC ) .
The organization operates under an intense veil of secrecy , staying largely out of the public eye and hiding its donors ’ identities .
The Fellowship has used its government clout to facilitate backdoor meetings between U.S. and foreign officials , improperly claimed tax exempt status for the C Street House , and has persuaded members of Congress , including Sen. James Inhofe ( R - OK ) to conduct Fellowship - sanctioned evangelizing while traveling at taxpayer expense .
Members of the Fellowship also have been involved with legislation in Uganda calling for the death penalty for gays .
Melanie Sloan , CREW ’s executive director , said , “ The National Prayer Breakfast uses the suggested imprimatur of the elected leaders who attend to give the Fellowship greater credibility and facilitate its networking and fundraising . ”
Sloan continued , “ The president and members of Congress should not legitimatize this cult - like group – the head of which has praised the organizing abilities of Hitler and Bin Laden – by attending the breakfast . ”
This is the very first Stix and Bones comic .
It will be updated every Monday and Friday .
I hope that you enjoy it as it unfolds .
Drop me a line and let me know what you think .
Should be fun .
This blog post originally appeared on RealMoney Silver on March 29 at 8:07 a.m. EDT .
" Life is full of misery , loneliness and suffering , and it's all over much too soon . " -- Woody Allen
Interest rates went up across the board last week , likely reflecting a combination of four factors :
a strengthening economy ;
a growing deficit caused by geometric growth in government spending , which , in some circles , has called into question the creditworthiness of the U.S. ;
concerns about the upcoming supply of U.S. notes and bonds ; and
forecasts of higher inflation .
Most feel that the last bullet point ( of higher inflation ) has made the least significant contribution to the current rise in interest rates due to the wide output gap , a moribund residential real estate market , wage deflation and the effects of globalization , to name just a few of the reasons .
The current artificially low readings on inflation and its salutary impact on real incomes might create the false illusion that the U.S. consumer appears poised to contribute to a self - sustaining domestic economy .
Indeed , the recent strength in first - quarter 2010 retail sales is now being comfortably extrapolated by many managements , strategists and analysts .
From my perch , however , there remains little question that the
current inflation readings
underestimate the true rate of inflation .
As such , the misery index and real incomes are under more pressure than is apparent and represent a challenge to consensus growth expectations .
The durability of the consumer 's strength remains to be seen , but I would not necessarily extrapolate the recent consumer strength into the balance of the year .
While the future course of personal consumption trends will be primarily dictated by the degree to which jobs are created in the months ahead ( and secondarily by the slope of the housing recovery ) , one could argue that the improvement in spending over the past three months is a temporary catch - up to the hiatus in discretionary sales over the prior 12 months .
If correct , once caught up , the consumer might be increasingly vulnerable , especially in light of the higher tax rates and the costs associated with sweeping regulatory reforms that will adversely impact both consumer and small business behavior as we move toward year - end .
" Have you ever wondered why the CPI , GDP and employment numbers run counter to your personal and business experiences ?
The problem lies in biased and often manipulated government reporting . "
- John Williams , Shadow Government Statistics
Williams might be hyperbolic , but I continue to believe that , by including owners ' equivalent rent ( OER ) as well as other substitution and hedonic adjustments , reported inflation understates the real rate of inflation (
see
Barry Ritholtz
) and the pressure on the middle - class consumer and on small businesses , which remain an important engine to domestic economic growth and job creation .
The CPI is a statistically tortured number , and this helps to explain why the misery index of the average American consumer may be worse than meets the eye ( or the statistic ) .
As an aside , a critical eye would question the myopic focus on the U.S. CPI within the context of a global economy .
Global inflation rates matter over here ( and so does the policy reaction to those rates over there ) .
China and India 's inflation rates are heating up -- there is no OER in their calculations of inflation -- and China 's policy actions to deal with this are especially important to us .
In fact , one could argue that , at times , the Chinese inflation rate could be more important for the U.S. than the U.S. inflation rate .
Here
is how owners ' equivalent rent is calculated .
Owners ' equivalent rent is the amount of rent that could be paid to substitute a currently owned house for an equivalent rental property .
OER is a dollar amount that is published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics to measure the change in implicit rent , which is the amount a homeowner would pay to rent or would earn from renting his or her home in a competitive market .
The rental equivalence figure is obtained by directly asking sampled homeowners the following question : " If someone were to rent your home today , how much do you think it would rent for monthly , unfurnished and without utilities ? "
OER is one of the two main components of the CPI , which measures the average change over time in the prices paid by consumers for a market basket of goods and services .
The idiocy of the calculation is best seen when , during the biggest speculative housing bubble of all time in the early to mid 2000s , the OER calculation barely moved up .
It might even be more idiotic that policy is based on such a questionable CPI statistic .
" Core CPI less OER ( owners ' equivalent rent ) and RPR ( rents of primary residence ) is running near the highs that we 've seen in the last 12 years .
As a matter of fact , December 's number of 2.47 % was just a couple of tenths off of a 12 - year high in this measure . " -- Jim Bianco
Since well over 90 % of homeowners -- 67 % of American families own homes -- have fixed shelter costs and do n't often move from their residence , the owners ' equivalent rent calculation , which embodies nearly 25 % of the CPI , artificially influences the CPI .
Its methodology seems faulty as does its high weighting on the construction of the consumer price indices .
It would be preferable to see the introduction of a more accurate cost of shelter component to the CPI that incorporates existing - and new - home price inflation , the cost of renting , debt service costs ( including mortgage loan rates and balances ) as well as a statistic that somehow measures and incorporates the percentage of homeowners and renters that take on a new residence .
As some of the critics ( Williams , Bianco , Ritholtz et al. ) write , backing out the depressive effect of OER from the current statistically massaged CPI series leads to an inflation reading above what is reported by the government ( see Jim Bianco quotation above ) .
Bill King wrote extensively about the subject in
The King Report
two months ago ; it " bears " repeating :
The squeeze on American living standards was clearly highlighted last week by CPI data .
Though most people brayed that inflation is benign , the headline number belied the rising costs of necessities with the decline in real income .
For 2009 , real weekly wages declined 1.6 % , the biggest decline since 1990 ( - 2.5 % ) .
( Real average hourly earnings dropped 1.3 % year over year , and average weekly hours worked declined 0.3 . )
Core inflation increased 1.8 % .
But owners ' equivalent rent is about 40 % of core CPI and 24.433 % of CPI .
The Washington Post : " Energy costs for the 12 months ending in December shot up 18.2 % .
That was the biggest jump since 1979 ....
The energy surge was led by higher gasoline costs , which rose 53.5 % after falling 43.1 % in 2008 ....
The 1.6 % drop in average weekly earnings for nonsupervisory workers was the worst annual performance since a 2.5 % decline in 1990 .
Weekly earnings have fallen in five of the past seven years , underscoring the pressures American households were facing even before the recession began . "
For years we have moaned that CPI is distorted , on purpose , by hedonic adjustments and OER .
We noted that OER changes do not impact the vast majority of Americans because 67 % own homes and do not rent .
Also , people in public housing , rent - controlled units and subsidized housing are not impacted .
Excluding OER , consumer prices increased 3.5 % in 2009 .
However , due to Bennie 's easy money , this inflation is accelerating .
Non-OER inflation is up at a 4 % annualized over the past six months and 4.5 % over the past three months .
By the way , few economists or pundits have noticed that the BLS has increased the weighting of OER to 24.433 % of CPI .
It had been 23.158 % .
( Because it 's now declining ? )
And let 's not ignore the fact that Americans ' misery index in reality is far worse than the above official numbers indicate due to fraudulent U.S. economic statistical methodology .
U.S. solons have relentlessly altered CPI , jobs data and GDP statistical methodology to obfuscate declining U.S. living standards .
John Williams notes , " On the inflation front , the CPI - U annual inflation rate jumped to 2.7 % ( 3.4 % for the CPI - W ) ....
Adjusted to pre-Clinton ( 1990 ) methodology , annual CPI growth rose to 6.1 % in December vs. 5.1 % in November , while the SGS - Alternate Consumer Inflation Measure , which reverses gimmicked changes to official CPI reporting methodologies back to 1980 , rose to about 9.7 % ( 9.68 % for those using the extra digit ) in December vs. 8.8 % in November . "
Plug in the pre-Clinton or the SGS - Alternate Consumer Inflation Measure as well as a more reasonable nominal income metric -- U.S. solons greatly overstate jobs and income -- and the American misery index would be more in line with the palpable ire in the U.S.A .
In summary , it remains my view that the CPI calculation is rotten to the core .
It understates the consumers ' misery index and could undermine the self - sustaining recovery thesis .
Despite evidence of improving retail sales since year - end , the consumer remains the weakest link to the economy and is potentially an albatross that could derail a smooth and durable domestic growth trajectory .
While optimism resounds on the floor of the
New York Stock Exchange
and in the components of the
Retail HOLDRs
( RTH ) - Get Report
, a further recovery in consumption is likely to be derailed unless job growth rebounds significantly as the misery index will weigh on sentiment and , in the fullness of time , on consumption trends .
Doug Kass writes daily for
RealMoney Silver
, a premium bundle service from TheStreet.com .
For a free trial to
RealMoney Silver
and exclusive access to Mr. Kass 's daily trading diary , please click here .
At the time of publication , Kass and / or his funds had no positions in the stocks mentioned , although holdings can change at any time .
Doug Kass is the general partner Seabreeze Partners Long / Short LP and Seabreeze Partners Long / Short Offshore LP .
Under no circumstances does this information represent a recommendation to buy , sell or hold any security .
Huaorani men and women in a boat .
Image credit , Roy ter Maat .
A new study in the journal Conservation Biology shows that indigenous people in the northern Ecuadorian Amazon have a lower impact on the rainforest than the colonists who have moved into the area .
This bodes ill for conservation of the Amazon rainforest given the increasing settlement of the region by outsiders , the expansion of the agricultural frontier , and cultural changes in indigenous communities .
A Huaorani man hunting in the forest .
Image credit , Roy ter Maat .
Mass colonization of the northern Amazon began in 1967 after Texaco - Gulf discovered significant oil reserves in the area .
" Road construction by oil companies facilitated migration from highland and coastal Ecuador and agricultural colonization bringing colonists into the traditional homelands of Amerindian populations , " the study authors note .
To better understand the implications of this mass colonization , Flora Lu and fellow researchers looked at remote sensing imagery of the region .
They found that the deforestation rate from 1986 - 1996 was lower in indigenous territories compared to colonized lands .
Furthermore they found that the deforestation rate in indigenous areas decreased from 1996 - 2002 compared to the prior 10 years while it increased in colonized territories .
The researchers also looked at differences in land use characteristics by conducting surveys of 778 colonist households in 64 colonization sectors , and 499 households from the Huaorani , Kichwa , Cofan , Secoya and Shuar indigenous groups in 36 communities .
They found that on average " colonist households had approximately double the area in agriculture and cash crops and 5.5 times the area in pasture as indigenous households . "
However , these results were highly variable among indigenous communities with some displaying similar land use characteristics as colonists .
This may be due to the fact that the study looked at a diverse sample of indigenous groups including those who themselves have migrated into the area from the southern Ecuadorian Amazon region .
Nevertheless , the research provides support for the commonly held notion that indigenous communities , " possess cultural norms and values that promote conservation and sustainable use of resources . "
The study findings also give empirical support to the argument that strengthening indigenous rights to their historic lands may be the most effective rainforest conservation tool .
-- Reviewed by Rob Goldstein
LU , F. , GRAY , C. , BILSBORROW , R. , MENA , C. , ERLIEN , C. , BREMNER , J. , BARBIERI , A. , & WALSH , S. ( 2010 ) .
Contrasting Colonist and Indigenous Impacts on Amazonian Forests Conservation Biology DOI : 10.1111/j.1523-1739.2010.01463.x
sleepmakeswaves are an Australian post - rock band who formed in Sydney , New South Wales in December 2006 .
The group is currently composed of guitarist Jonathan Khor , guitarist Otto Wicks - green , drummer Tim Adderley and bassist / keyboardist Alex Wilson .
To date they have released one extended play ( 2008 's In Today Already Walks Tomorrow ) and two full length studio albums ( 2011 's … and so we destroyed everything and 2014's Love of Cartography ) , as well as a split EP with Perth band Tangled Thoughts of Leaving .
The band have reached notable success internationally fo… read more
Advertisement
Android : Despite being otherwise entirely hooked into the Googleverse , your Android phone can't edit Google Docs files on its own .
The handy GDocs app steps in to download and edit ( some ) docs , upload files from your phone , and view PDFs .
It 's not an elegant cloud solution to your Android system 's lack of Docs connectivity , but GDocs gets the job done .
Set it up with your Google credentials , and the app grabs your Google Docs folder and file list .
Press and hold on any file to edit its title , delete it , or download it to your SD card .
If it 's a word processing document , you can download the file , edit it through GDocs ( or another word processing app you might have ) , then re-upload it to Docs .
Not exactly an automatic , save - as - you - type setup , but then again , you probably would n't use your phone for more than just quick , minor edits .
Advertisement
If you need to view a PDF file from your account , GDocs can do that natively , and with Docs now allowing any type of file upload , you can use GDocs to push files off your phone to your Docs account .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
GDocs is a free download for Android systems .
If you 're having trouble connecting to your account and listing files after GDocs updates , be sure to visit the " Accounts " section , under the " More " options , and hit " OK " to re-verify your credentials ( and hopefully that wonky bit gets fixed ) .
GDocs for Android [ Google Sites ]
The ACTA ( Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ) is a trade agreement being negotiated by the Obama administration through the United States Office of the Trade Representative .
The trade agreement is particularly interesting on a number of points .
First , it 's interesting because it 's secret .
The public has not been allowed to view any of the candidate treaties .
Not only is it secret , but it also is being negotiated without congressional oversight .
The justification for it being negotiated in secret by the executive is ostensibly that it does not change any existing domestic law in the United States .
However , candidates for the treaty negotiations which have been leaked make this claim rather dubious .
To begin with , third party liability is included in the treaty .
Third party liability means that internet service providers ( ISPs ) can be made liable for the content which is distributed on their network .
ISPs currently have immunity in the US and all EU states .
The treaty would force ISPs to put in place methods of enforcement .
Alleged copyright infringement or other counterfeiting would be subject to something similar to the " Three strikes " law existing in France .
It would require revocation of services by the ISP regardless of whether the allegation was true .
All of this is rather draconian and is occurring without even the usual ritual of democratic legitimacy .
Given the usual tendency for congressional capitulation to moneyed interests , it 's somewhat striking that even the congressional rubber stamp has been bypassed .
To find the answer , we have to look beyond the immediate circumstance to a general trend which has been accelerated by the recent economic crisis .
Though stock market commentators and the media have been proclaiming the end of the crisis , the causes of the crisis are still very much in evidence .
Since the time of Adam Smith the role of international economics has been known .
Socialists of the last century , largely due to Marx , were well aware of the international nature of capital .
However , the power of the nation state still had some sway .
Levies and tariffs on trade could be used to protect native industries and to reduce the flow of goods internationally .
Yet capital is always pulling at the reins , attempting to break free of the constraints placed on it by national economies and national currencies .
It is reined in through war and crisis but each time it is pulled back , the nation states ' capacity to do so is weakened , and the interconnectedness of the global economy has increases , not monotonically , but with a very definite globalising trend .
Now , however , the knowledge economy has moved to the fore .
Production in this sphere is no longer tied to the extraction of raw materials , farming and factories .
It 's no longer tied to the distribution and service economy that springs up as an adjunct to material production .
Instead , knowledge has become an ever larger part of the economy - for its own sake .
This economy is an ever growing percentage of the entire economy .
The investment in fixed capital for production has means that industry is ever more efficient , requiring less labour and costing less as time goes on .
The quantity of food produced by a single human with modern farming techniques is vastly higher .
The number of people required to man a car assembly line is vastly lower .
We can only expect that as this trend continues , the knowledge economy will become entirely dominant .
Knowledge can be transmitted easily with almost no distribution cost and has international value .
It is an ideal candidate as commodity for international trade if only for a few problems .
These qualities make knowledge a somewhat problematic commodity .
It is a commodity that can be copied infinitely , and so after the initial production , displays no real scarcity .
In virtually every economic theory , from Marxism to marginalism , the price of such a good should be effectively zero .
It is only through some sort of regime of imposed scarcity that such a commodity can be given an appreciable price .
The basis for intellectual property ( IP ) trade is thereby undermined by its intrinsic nature .
The extent to which this is a crisis for producers can easily be seen in the counterfeiting markets which occur everywhere from Haifa to Hong Kong .
This good , while a seemingly perfect candidate for international trade , has slipped through the fingers of capital .
Capitalist investors in content production , including Hollywood , the record companies , the software companies , the e-book production companies , purveyors of financial reports and others , have had some success in controlling the free exchange of information within the borders of the nation state .
At least they have done so to the extent that they can report significant profits .
This has been achieved by employing the legal apparatus to ensure compliance with a system of arbitrary scarcity .
Scarcity is imposed by threat of criminality and fines .
The solution advocated by capital , in ACTA or whatever treaty is eventually adopted , is to create a system for imposing such a regime internationally .
The simplest mechanism is to place liability on the internet service providers , making them the de facto enforcers of the system of scarcity .
What might an alternative look like ?
How might content producers manage to produce works without requiring payment for those works based on their scarcity ?
The answer to this problem lies in the old economy .
It is through the reorganisation of our economic basis that we can finally free knowledge production from the arbitrary constraints of scarcity .
Instead of requiring payment for knowledge production based on how well we can control who sees it , we need to invert the process entirely .
We should be showing people what content we want produced and diverting goods to supply them with the ability to do so .
A team of software engineers working on an innovative new program have the potential to simplify work for hundreds or even thousands .
What is needed is for their subsistence to be provided while they develop it , and in a way not tied to the eventual scarcity of the product .
A much better way to determine suitability of fundinct such a project would be to allow people to express their interests in such a project .
Similarly , this type of funding could work for scientific research or even film production .
But this change is not a simple reform .
It would require control of the entire apparatus of finance be put into the hands of consumers .
It would require that the consumers themselves dictate where funding goes , irrespective of the capacity to obtain profit .
It is in fact a revolutionary change , moving the economy to an administration of things , for instance the productive basis of society , rather than the administration of people evidenced by a system which litigates people into compliance with the rules .
This revolutionary change will not come about by itself .
The likelihood is that ACTA will be passed in a manner to the liking of the capital interests which back it .
It remains however a possibility , a possibility that will only come to pass if we create it .
Before she was famous : Outrageous pop star Ke$ha when she was just a nervous teen on a talent show
It 's what every celebrity dreads when they hit the big time - old pictures and video footage of before they were famous .
The latest star to face this embarrassment is singer Ke$ha after a tape of her performing when she was 13 years old surfaced on the internet this week .
And her blushes will come as no surprise because the teenage Kesha Rose Sebert could n't look more different to the sassy 22 - year - old star she is today .
Scroll down to watch the video ...
Karma Police : A teenage Ke$ha singers a cover of the Radiohead song at a school show
All grown up : Ke$ha attends the NME Awards on Wednesday night
Looking fresh - faced and very natural with her wavy dark hair , Ke$ha sings a cover of Radiohead 's Karma Police , which some may consider a strange choice for a teenage girl .
And unfortunately for her , she clearly had a long way to go before fine - tuning her vocals into the pop star voice she has today .
The singer , who grew up in Nashville , Tennessee , was in the seventh grade when she performed at what appears to be her middle school 's talent show .
And that school 's stage is a far cry from some of the venues she has graced since her pop career took off early last year - and an even further cry from the rock chick look she sports now .
Ke$ha has described her dress sense as ' garbage - chic ' naming Keith Richards as her fashion inspiration .
She has also been noted for her party girl image and once said : ' Whether people like me or not I just do n't care . '
Ke$ha got her breakthrough after singing backing vocals on Flo Rida 's number one hit Right Round .
But it was her debut single Tik Tok which went to number one in nine countries after its release in August 2009 , that shot her to fame .
Her debut album Animal , which was released last month , also went to number one in the US album charts .
And despite her croaky start in front of the microphone at the age of 13 , music is in her blood after being raised by her singer and songwriter mother Pebe Sebert .
There 's no shortage of snow on the East Coast , so beware .
It could do more than just ground airplanes :
It could shape itself into the dreaded scourge of the galaxy , the Snow Dalek .
Clarkesworld 's Neil Clarke is the first victim .
Advertisement
It may appear , in this picture , as though Clarke , the publisher / editor of Clarkesworld magazine , is actually shaping the snow in his yard into the form of a Dalek , the most devastating scourge of the Doctor Who universe .
But he 's actually attempting to disable the armored mutant before it fully materializes using its snow teleporter :
Advertisement
Alas , Clarke was too late , and the Dalek established a beachhead on our world .
Here you can see it flashing its lights in triumph :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Photos by Lisa Clarke. [ via Polka Dot Cottage ]
Tourists swim with millions of jellyfish ... but do n't worry they 've all lost their sting
A sea full of jellyfish is bound to strike fear into the hearts of many while mesmerising others with the intricate beauty of nature .
But swimmers plunging into this colossal army of jellyfish - staggeringly over one million in their number - would have no real reason to be afraid .
In a captivating twist the entire fleet no longer have stingers strong enough to be felt by humans .
Millions of Golden Jellyfsh live in the isolated lake .
They have evolved to lose their sting
Scientists reckon the huge group of Golden Jellyfish became trapped in Jellyfish Lake when it became separated from the Pacific Ocean .
Cut off from certain sea-dwelling predators the wobbly creatures had no more need for a powerful sting and evolved differently to their ancestors out in the open water .
The stunning pictures were captured by U.S. Navy oceanographer John Bleidom .
He and wife Amy bobbed around inside the ' smack ' - the collective name for jellyfish - when he visited the marine lake on Eil Malk island , near the Philippines .
These stunning pictures were snapped by US Navy oceanographer John Bleidorn who spends his spare time diving
John 's wife Amy holding one of the jellyfish , which no longer has a sting
The 35 - year - old , who now lives in Yokosuka , Japan , said : ' Swimming in the lake is absolutely amazing .
Being surrounded by millions of beautiful jellies is like floating through a lava lamp , but everything is alive .
' It truly a surreal and peaceful experience unlike any underwater environment I have encountered .
' The lake is famous for the millions of jellyfish that live there .
The theory is that they have been trapped in there since the lake was last substantially attached to the ocean about 12,000 years ago .
Jellyfish lake near
The Philippines attracts dozens of photographers every year
' Since then , the jellyfish have evolved differently than their ocean relatives .
They are most likely related to the Spotted Jellyfish found in the nearby ocean waters .
This guide for how to make oatmeal and oats nutrition overview will have you craving a healthy oatmeal recipe !
My collection of creative oatmeal recipes , mix - in ideas , and toppings will inspire you to create a bowl of creamy whipped banana oatmeal for breakfast .
Some people call me the Queen Of Oatmeal
Back in 2008 , when this blog was very young , I discovered how much I loved the “ stick to your ribs ” satisfaction that a bowl of oatmeal gave me for breakfast .
I always make my oats with two key ingredients : milk ( for protein ) and banana ( for natural sweetness ) .
And I always go crazy with toppings !
How To Make Oatmeal
How much oats to water is ideal ?
I really like 1/3 cup oats , 1/3 cup water , 1/3 cup milk ratios .
The milk adds extra creaminess and protein , and splitting the liquid with water seems to give the oats more of a chance to steam .
I find that milk only cooks a little too fast !
But all milk certainly works too .
I like to add my oats , milk and water all at the beginning and put the heat on medium until the oats are creamy and thick .
Other people boil water first and then add oats , which does n’t get them enough time or agitation to release that creamy starch inside !
I ’ve been known to get a little crazy with the ingredients in my oatmeal recipes and the toppings I use to finish each dish .
From pumpkin oatmeal to crumbled bars and muffins to savory oats – you ’ll find them all below !
Favorite Toppings
Granola
Nut butter
Fresh fruit
Dried fruit
Coconut flakes
Chia seeds
Cereal
Muffin
PB&J
Crumbled anything
Crunchy anything
Favorite Stir-in Ingredients
Banana slices ( to whip ! )
Chia seeds for thickness
Pumpkin
Cottage cheese
Greek yogurt
Fruit of all kinds ( dried like raisins or fresh like chopped pear )
Is oatmeal good for you ?
YES !!
Oats are a whole grain and a great source of complex carbohydrates , vitamins , minerals , fiber and antioxidants .
The soluble fiber from oatmeal , as part of a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol , may help reduce the risk of heart disease .
Beta -glucans are one form of that soluble fiber that helps lower blood cholesterol .
Here are more benefits of eating oats .
Are oats gluten free ?
Oats are gluten free by nature .
However , there is a high risk of cross contamination during processing , so unless a brand labels them as gluten free , do not assume they are .
More and more labeled gluten free oats are popping up these days , so it ’s easier to find a trusted brand .
Are all types of oats the same ?
Nutritionally , yes .
But in cooking method they vary quite a bit .
I prefer old fashioned rolled oats for their cross between texture and quick cooking time .
All of the different oats varieties have the same nutrition but the surface area and cooking time is what varies .
Steel cut oats = cut only
Quick steel cut oats = cut and steamed
Old fashioned rolled oats = cut and rolled
Quick oats = cut , rolled , and steamed
Classic Whipped Banana Oatmeal Recipe
This is the recipe I made famous back in 2008 .
The banana infuses the bowl with natural sweetness and makes the oats incredibly creamy !
This recipe serves one but you can easily double or triple and reheat all week too !
Just add a splash of milk when you do .
Print Pin Whipped Banana Oatmeal
The whipped method produces a really creamy bowl of oatmeal .
The bananas basically disappear , so there are no chunks .
Since banana is an emulsifier of sorts , this method suspends the oats into a thick , creamy consistency and the whole bowl is sweeter because the banana 's sweetness permeates throughout .
Prep Time 2 minutes Cook Time 5 minutes Total Time 7 minutes Servings 1 serving Ingredients 1/3 cup old fashioned oats
1/3 cup milk of your choice
2/3 cup water I like my oats a bit liquidy - cut back to 1 / 2 a cup if you do n't
1/2 banana very thinly sliced
1/2 tbsp chia seeds
Pinch of kosher salt
1 tsp vanilla extract stirred in at end Instructions Start by combining rolled oats , water , and milk in a saucepan over medium heat .
Slice a banana into VERY thin pieces , leaving just a few bigger chunks .
Walk away for a few minutes while the oatmeal heats .
Once it begins to steam or bubble , stir vigorously at times to “ whip ” the banana into the oats .
The oats will take about 5 minutes on medium heat from start to finish to fully absorb the liquid .
They ’re done when they reach your desired consistency !
Stir in vanilla ( and often pumpkin or cottage cheese ) and pour into your bowl .
Add any toppings you like , such as almond or peanut butter dollops , nuts , granola , coconut , crumbled granola bars , or trail mix – with dark chocolate chips !
Or check out all the combos listed below .
Kath Video on How To Make Oatmeal
Oatmeal Recipe Variations
More Healthy Oatmeal Posts
Kath ’s Creative Oatmeal Recipes !
Photo Gallery of Oatmeal Bowls
Passengers are searched by security employees before boarding a plane bound for Washington , at Roissy airport , North of Paris , on Wednesday .
U.S. tightens international air security
All travelers flying into the U.S. from foreign countries will receive tightened random screening , and 100 percent of passengers from 14 terrorism - prone countries will be patted down and have their carry - ons searched , the Obama administration notified airlines on Sunday .
The more stringent Transportation Security Administration rules , to take effect at midnight , follow the attempted Christmas Day bombing of a U.S. airliner headed into Detroit from Amsterdam .
Advertisement
“ These are changes that were n’t widely in place for all carriers or countries on 12 / 24 , ” a senior administration official told POLITICO .
“ These are sustainable measures that are a significant enhancement of our security posture .
TSA will continuously review these measures with our global aviation partners to ensure the highest levels of security . "
All passengers from countries on the State Department ’s “ State Sponsors of Terrorism ” list — plus all passengers from other " countries of interest " such as Nigeria , Pakistan and Yemen — will receive “ full body pat - down and physical inspection of property , ” the official said .
The countries on the State Department list are Cuba , Iran , Sudan and Syria .
Other countries covered by the TSA directive are Afghanistan , Algeria , Iraq , Lebanon , Libya , Saudi Arabia and Somalia .
A much higher percentage of all travelers from foreign countries will receive such screening than is currently the case , the official said .
" The screening “ could also include explosive detection technology or advanced imaging technology where it ’s available , ” the official said .
Kristin Lee of the TSA , which is part of the Department of Homeland Security , announced : " Today the Transportation Security Administration issued new security directives to all United States and international air carriers with inbound flights to the U.S. effective January 4 , 2010 .
The new directive includes long - term , sustainable security measures developed in consultation with law enforcement officials and our domestic and international partners . ”
In other words , there will be a new normal for international travel into the U.S.
The “ enhanced security measures ” apply to “ all international flights to U.S. locations , including both U.S. and international carriers , ” the official said .
“ All international passengers will be screened and the majority of passengers will be screened using threat - based or random measures , " the official said .
“ These are designed to be sustainable measures that are a significant increase in our security posture . "
The measures apply to all “ passengers with passports from or itineraries through State Sponsors of Terrorism and ‘ countries of interest . ’ ”
“ This goes beyond simply looking at passports and now looks at itineraries from and through countries of interest , ” the official said .
“ This is a significant step forward . ”
Lee said in her statement : “ Because effective aviation security must begin beyond our borders , and as a result of extraordinary cooperation from our global aviation partners , TSA is mandating that every individual flying into the U.S. from anywhere in the world traveling from or through nations that are State sponsors of terrorism or countries of interest will be required to go through enhanced screening .
The directive also increases the use of enhanced screening technologies and mandates threat - based and random screening for passengers on U.S. bound international flights . "
Rancher chooses jail over displacing homeless
November 23 , 2009
BY KAREN VELIE
Rancher Dan De Vaul was led away in handcuffs this morning after electing to go to jail for 90 days rather than accept San Luis Obispo Superior Court Judge John Trice ’s offer of five years of probation .
De Vaul , who will also pay a $ 1,000 fine , told a packed courtroom that he simply could not abandon the residents of Sunny Acres who needed a place to live .
“ I am willing to go to jail to keep people in places that are not to code , ” De Vaul said .
“ If I take probation , they can come out the next day and say ‘ throw the people out or we can arrest you for probation violations . ’ ”
De Vaul ’s attorney Jeff Stulberg asked those in the courtroom who would not have a place to sleep or food to eat without De Vaul to raise their hands .
About 20 people did so .
Trice asked De Vaul to accept the county ’s terms of probation , which included removing all but two vehicles from the property , removing mobile homes , allowing searches of the property , and forcing people living in the mobile homes or storage units to vacate .
De Vaul refused the judge ’s request and was subsequently arrested , handcuffed and taken to jail .
“ If Mr. De Vaul is wanting to go to jail , the county has no choice but to accommodate him , ” said San Luis Obispo County Deputy District Attorney Craig VanRooyen .
“ If he goes to jail , it is because he wants to go to jail . ”
VanRooyan contended that De Vaul ’s refusals to work with the county and clean up his property had left them no choice .
He asked De Vaul repeatedly to accept probation , work with the county and comply with government codes .
De Vaul runs Sunny Acres , a clean and sober living facility , on his ranch on Los Osos Valley Road just outside San Lios Obispo ’s city limits .
He has housed between 30 to 75 low income and homeless people on the 72 acre property at any given time over the past nine years .
Those who can afford the charges pay $ 300 a month for room and board .
Indigent lodgers either work in the kitchen , garden the six - acre vegetable patch , fix old cars or chop wood for their keep .
In August , rental receipts totaled $ 3,500 , of that approximately $ 1,500 went to utilities , insurance and supplies .
In addition , De Vaul said he paid a total of $ 500 a week in wages to those residents who work for their rent at Sunny Acres .
“ We cost taxpayers nothing , ” De Vaul said .
“ We run this on a shoestring . ”
For more than 10 years , three neighbors of the rusty vehicle - littered property , including former San Luis Obispo Councilwoman Christine Mulholland , have lodged complaints accusing De Vaul of code violations .
After Stulberg put out a press release questioning the county ’s reasons for the July 23 raid of De Vaul ’s property , Trice issued a gag order that silenced prosecutors , De Vaul ’s attorneys and any possible witnesses .
Trice ’s highly unusual gag order has the honor of being the first ever issued in a misdemeanor case in San Luis Obispo County .
On Sept. 21 , a jury found De Vaul guilty of fire and safety code violations when he converted a barn into a shelter .
Combined , the two misdemeanors carry a fine of up to $ 1,000 and / or one year in county jail .
In October , Stulberg filed a motion for a new trial after a juror said she reluctantly agreed to vote guilty on the two counts after Trice reprimanded her and a fellow juror harassed her .
Last week , Superior Court Judge Michael Duffy disagreed with De Vaul ’s lawyers ’ arguments that misconduct by Trice had tainted the jury .
After oral arguments , Duffy immediately began reading from a previously prepared statement , leading observers to believe he had written his decision before hearing arguments .
“ I refused probation because the first rule of probation is you have to obey all laws , ” De Vaul said .
“ We have places people are living in that are not to code .
I do not want to kick them out . ”
Loading ...
Top : iPad frame , Center : Camera , Bottom : MacBook Frame
Repair company Mission Repair has posted images of what is supposedly the iPad outer frame .
While the iPad is not yet shipping , the company seems to have gotten a supply of iPad parts through unofficial channels .
Identical photos have been circulating on other websites .
Assuming these are actual iPad parts , it appears that Apple did build in a space for a camera at the top of the device .
The photo above is particularly convincing as the iPad frame is compared to a MacBook frame which does house a camera .
The holes seem identical .
Even if this is all true , Apple ultimately chose not to include a camera from the first version of the iPad .
The iPad will begin shipping in late March .
It was apparently the most open secret of the Prop 8 trial in San Francisco .
The presiding judge , Chief U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker , is gay .
The San Francisco Chronicle 's SFGate has the full report , and the article cites many sources who say they do not expect his sexual orientation to influence his opinion .
Walker was appointed by George H.W. Bush in 1989 and has never " taken paints to disguise -- or advertise -- his orientation , " the article said .
The judge in this landmark gay rights litigation being gay is quite ironic , but it is n't the first eye - brow raising trial Walker has been involved in .
He came under heavy criticism from the gay community for representing , when he was in private practice , the U.S. Olympic Committee in its successful lawsuit that sought to prevent the Gay Olympics from infringing on the USOC name .
" Life is full of irony , " Walker told the SFGate when they reminded him of that suit .
Walker is not publicly commenting on the Prop 8 trial while it 's pending .
Some will undoubtedly make noise about potential bias because the judge is gay .
But , two things .
Judges bring to the bench all sorts of life experiences that could potentially cause them to be " biased " on any number of issues .
But they are judges , and their job is to decide on the law .
It 's refreshing that no one with any knowledge seems to be saying they expect Walker to do anything less .
( As we 've mentioned before , 5 - 4 decisions along political lines are a little frustrating . )
And second , we doubt anyone who would dare conclude he might make a certain decision because he is gay would have had the same concerns if he were straight .
Would we assume he could not make a fair decision about Prop 8 and gay marriage because he was heterosexual ?
Doubt it .
We think a quote in the article from a judge who did not wish to be named , but who counts himself as a friend of Walker 's , sums it up nicely :
SFGate : [ The fellow judge ] said he had spoken with Walker and was concerned that " people will come to the conclusion that ( Walker ) wants to conceal his sexuality . "
" He has a private life and he does n't conceal it , but does n't think it is relevant to his decisions in any case , and he does n't bring it to bear in any decisions , " said the judge , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the Prop. 8 trial .
" Is it newsworthy ? " he said of Walker 's orientation , and laughed .
" Yes . "
( The picture is not of the actual judge , but of an actor playing him in the Prop 8 reenactments available on YouTube . )
Thanks to Barbara Raab ( @bbabbo ) for pointing out the article , via Twitter .
Folks over at AllDroid have managed to port the multitouch capable web browser from the European version of Droid i.e. Motorola Milestone over to the Motorola Droid on Verizon Wireless .
For those of you who do n’t know , Motorola Droid on Verizon Wireless in US does n’t support multitouch functionality in most apps even though the hardware is fully capable of running it .
This is probably due to the US iPhone patents because of which even the Google Nexus
One wont be able to support multitouch functionality .
Follow the step by step instructions posted below to install the multitouch capable web browser from Motorola Milestone on your Motorola Droid .
You ’ll need to root your Droid phone before you follow the steps posted below .
Follow the step by step guide posted here to root your Droid phone if you have n’t already .
Step 1 : Do a nandroid backup or whatever to back up the files ( Browser.apk and Browser.odex ) you ’ll be patching .
Step 2 : Remount / system to RW ( mount - o remount , rw -t yaffs2 / dev/ block / mtdblock4 /system ) .
Step 3 : Delete / system/app/Browser.odex
Step 4 : Download MTBrowser.zip file from here and extract it somewhere on your computer .
Step 5 : Now , adb push libmtwebcore .
so / system / lib , then adb push Browser .
apk / system/app/Browser.apk .
That ’s about it !
You should now have the full multitouch capabilities in the web browser , including pinch - to - zoom gesture like iPhone right on your Droid phone .
Check out the video below to see the said browser in action on Droid .
You may also like to check out :
You can follow me on twitter or join our facebook fanpage to keep yourself updated on all the latest Android releases .
Related Stories
Many men and women are quick to exploit the accessible , often anonymous nature of blogging and online social networks like Facebook and Twitter to quickly and easily vent emotions like anger and frustration in life .
Allowing one ’s self to “ vent , ” or express natural human emotions like frustration and anger , is not necessarily problematic especially when we witness the consequence of an individual bottling up those emotions over a long duration : like magma , one ’s anger can boil an enormous amount of pressure within the individual , only to erupt upon a sudden in a fit of physical or emotional rage .
Indeed , to suppress natural emotions like frustration is a dangerous alternative to the seemingly harmless nature of venting .
However , venting online , as on a blog or through Twitter or Facebook , is hardly equivalent to screaming into a pillow .
Venting online is more like venting on a public sidewalk , for all to hear and remember .
When Something Snaps
There it is : you ’ve had enough .
Someone or something has triggered rage , frustration , and disgust within you .
It may be a rumor you overheard , the consequence of a longstanding disagreement , a conflict at work , or a comment made in jest or with outright , hurtful intentions .
Worse , the more you think about it , the stronger this anger grows within you .
You get angrier and angrier .
As if without choice , you decide that you must vent this mounting frustration , somehow .
Rather than burden a family member or launch into a tirade that might forever turn away a lover or friend , you resort to the Internet .
Whether it be updating a Facebook status , shooting off a short - but - sharp 160 - character Tweet , or writing an extensive blog post that rivals the opinions of a Supreme Court Justice , you sit at the computer and begin to furiously type away .
So , what ’s the big deal ?
When we were young , we ’d often hear teachers and parents recommend that in such fits of rage one should scream into a pillow in order to diffuse the anger boiling within them .
Another option is to write a strongly - worded letter .
Addressed to the individual or group that has upset you so wholeheartedly , you subsequently place it in a desk drawer for several days , only to reread it again at a later date .
With this strategy , once you have expressed your anger in written form and allow enough time to pass so that you may regain a level head , you will feel less inclined to send the letter but also feel less upset at the situation .
Truly , expressing one ’s anger and frustrations is best done in private for it is a healthy alternative to bottling up emotion and can prevent heavy regrets .
The Folly of Venting in Public
Venting online is hardly the equivalent to screaming into a pillow .
A more precise equivalent is standing on the sidewalk and shouting obscenities at the passers - by : venting online is really no different from venting in public .
Whether on a blog , Twitter or Facebook , venting online puts your face and name to your frustration , anger , and outrage .
Even a rash , heat - of - the - moment explosion of emotion is something the entire world can not only see , but that the Internet can permanently retain and always remember .
Even anonymously , choosing to vent online is choosing to project negativity into a public realm .
Consider the array of men and women ( and even children ) that could read your words and take them to heart .
Negativity perpetuates negativity .
Unless you wish to cause negativity in others — even if they are strangers whom you will never meet or encounter in “ real life ” — and desire negativity to be brought unto you , you should be remiss to willfully engage in the folly of venting in public .
Will Twitter followers and Facebook friends be more or less inclined to connect with you if you make venting anger a habit ?
Will readers of your blog or website want to check what you ’re writing more or less often if it is overtly negative , rash , and laden with negative emotions ?
Venting online may serve its purpose in helping you relieve your anger — but it comes at the expense of what the readers of your blog and those in social networking circles think of you .
Perhaps your readers will be sympathetic and considerate to your emotions .
More likely than not , they will deduce that your fit of anger is not just simple venting , but indicative of your immaturity .
The Consequences Can Be Real
The consequences of venting online can be real — venting online is quite literally no different than venting while standing on a public sidewalk .
Just last January , a 26 - year - old Briton wrote on Twitter that if a local airport did not start open soon , that he would “ blow the airport sky - high . ”
More than a poor choice of words , the British man ’s single , solitary instance of venting online was enough to spark a visit from British police and national security officials who arrested him under the UK’s Terrorism Act .
The tweet was enough to cause concern of a bomb threat , and in a post - 9/11 world , such threats are not taken likely .
As if the man ’s “ bomb hoax ” was not enough , his name has garnered international attention ; what was a rash , albeit dumb , instance of venting in public is now certain to cause an array of subsequent unpleasantries and difficulties in the future .
How to Vent Online Safely and Constructively
Venting can indeed be carried out safely and constructively on the Internet .
But , before venting one should consider how the words they write would be received if they were shouted from a public sidewalk .
Venting online is best when it takes the form of introspective dialogue , wherein the “ venter ” explores the origins and motivations of his or her frustrations and questions his or her reaction .
Instead of harping on the trivial details and catering to your individual senses of pride and ego , inject humility and the admission that you may be at least partly , if not wholly , responsible for the anger or frustration you are feeling .
Choosing to make such an admission is a sign to readers and social networking circles that you are humble , mature , and introspective — qualities that are much more constructive and inviting than their emotional counterparts .
When you turn venting into an exploration of your anger ’s causes and effects , you evolve what could have been a simple , rash expression of your frustration into a lesson that you have learned from the experience .
Even better , others may positively benefit by reading it and taking the lessons you have learned to heart .
When frustration , anger and other undesirable emotions grip the mind , one would be remiss to rashly choose to vent online , for it is really no different than venting in public .
Sociologists have developed elaborate theories of who spreads gossip and news  who tells whom , who matters most in social networks  but they ’ve had less success measuring what kind of information travels fastest .
Do people prefer to spread good news or bad news ?
Would we rather scandalize or enlighten ?
Which stories do social creatures want to share , and why ?
Now some answers are emerging thanks to a rich new source of data : you , Dear Reader .
Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania have intensively studied the New York Times list of most - e- mailed articles , checking it every 15 minutes for more than six months , analyzing the content of thousands of articles and controlling for factors like the placement in the paper or on the Web home page .
The results are surprising  well , to me , anyway .
I would have hypothesized that there are two basic strategies for making the most - e- mailed list .
One , which I ’ve happily employed , is to write anything about sex .
The other , which I ’m still working on , is to write an article headlined : “ How Your Pet ’s Diet Threatens Your Marriage , and Why It ’s Bush ’s Fault . ”
But it turns out that readers have more exalted tastes , according to the Penn researchers , Jonah Berger and Katherine A. Milkman .
People preferred e-mailing articles with positive rather than negative themes , and they liked to send long articles on intellectually challenging topics .
By
Don Colburn
Chrissy Steltz left the hospital late Tuesday wearing the same black sleep shade she has worn in public since an accidental shotgun blast nearly 11 years ago blew away her eyesight , nose and cheeks .
But this time , the mask covered not just her facial scars , but also the caps of eight dental implants poking out of the skin around her vacant eye sockets .
The titanium implants will serve as " footings " for a facial prosthesis , including acrylic eyes and a realistic nose , that Steltz hopes to start wearing this summer .
In a three - hour operation at
, a surgical team led by Dr. Eric Dierks drilled the implants into bones above and below her eye sockets .
The implants take at least four months to fuse with the bone .
The prosthesis , being designed and sculpted by Larry Over , a maxillofacial prosthodontist in Eugene , will snap onto the implant caps , held in place by tiny magnets .
She had about 35 stitches in her face .
" It went well , " Dierks said after surgery .
" No unexpected findings .
This was all good . "
Chrissy Steltz
The only " hiccup , " he said , was their inability to remove a metal plate inserted above her left eye in 1999 .
The new surgical screw removers do not fit the vintage - 1999 screws on the plate -- so Dierks worked around it .
Steltz and her family , including her partner of seven years , Geoffrey Dilger , and their 6 - month old son , arrived at Legacy Emanuel shortly after 5 a.m .
Her parents , Jeannie and Ron Steltz , and her 10 - year - old sister , Shyanne , also came .
Immediately before Steltz was wheeled into the operating room for anesthesia , Dierks met with her in a private waiting room .
" Any last - minute questions ? " he asked .
" I 'm ready , " she replied .
" All right , " he said .
" Away we go . "
Surgeons threaded eight screwlike implants into the bone around her eye sockets -- and one in her mouth to secure two new front teeth .
They first drilled into the bone , squirting the high - speed drill with salt water to keep the bone from overheating .
Then they screwed each implant into the bone and capped it with a " healing collar " to keep skin from healing over it .
That 's the part that pokes out of Steltz 's face now .
Up to 22 people crowded around Steltz in the operating room .
Besides Dierks , they included surgical and dental residents , an anesthesiologist , nurses , representatives of Zimmer Dental Inc. , the implant maker , and teams from The Oregonian and ABC - TV's " 20/20 . "
Most of the surgical team members stood on footstools to get a better view .
Dierks , who stands 6 feet , 3 inches tall , needed no stool .
X - rays on the wall highlighted the metal plates and bone grafts in her face and dozens of tiny white spots -- between 30 and 40 shotgun pellets still embedded in her head .
A red plastic model of Steltz 's skull , made from CT scans after her original facial surgeries in 1999 , lay on a surgical tray above her feet .
From time to time , Dierks picked it up and held it next to her face , to help him place the implants exactly .
It took about 35 stitches to close the incisions .
Eric Baker , Steve McKinstry / The Oregonian
Dierks and Over have collaborated on many facial reconstructions , mainly for people disfigured by cancer or gunfire , but Steltz 's case is their most complex so far , because of the extent of her injuries .
Steltz , now 27 , was 16 when she was shot in the face at a party in Southeast Portland .
Police ruled it an accident .
Half an inch farther back into her brain , Dierks said , it could have killed her .
On Monday , Steltz got a sense of how her prosthesis will look and feel when she met Lisa Glendinning , another patient of Dierks and Over .
Glendinning , who lives near Dallas , lost her right eye to cancer and wore an eye patch for 12 years until last week .
Now she has a prosthesis that fits over her right eye socket , including an acrylic eyeball , with a green - tinted iris that perfectly matches her seeing left eye .
" Do you want to feel it ? " Glendinning asked Steltz during a visit to Dierks 's office .
" Sure . "
Glendinning guided Steltz 's right index finger to the prosthesis .
Later , she removed the prosthesis , so Steltz could hold it and feel the eyeball and lashes and silicone skin .
" That is sooooo interesting , " Steltz said .
In sculpting Glendinning prosthesis , Over sealed it in makeup , " so I do n't have to put makeup on that eye , " she told Steltz .
Dierks expects to tweak Steltz ' implants slightly , but foresees no more major surgery for Steltz before she tries on the prosthesis this summer .
" It 's the end of one part of my life , " Steltz said last week .
" I 'm excited .
I 'm looking forward to this whole process being finished so I can get on with life . "
Her goal and her hope : " I wo n't be as noticed everywhere as I am now . "
--
Last April in Prague , President Barack Obama gave a speech that many have interpreted as a commitment to significant nuclear disarmament .
Last April in Prague , President Barack Obama gave a speech that many have interpreted as a commitment to significant nuclear disarmament .
Now , however , the White House is requesting one of the larger increases in warhead spending history .
If its request is fully funded , warhead spending would rise 10 percent in a single year , with further increases promised for the future .
Los Alamos National Laboratory , the biggest target of the Obama largesse , would see a 22 percent budget increase , its largest since 1944 .
In particular , funding for a new plutonium “ pit ” factory complex there would more than double , signaling a commitment to produce new nuclear weapons a decade hence .
So how is the president ’s budget compatible with his disarmament vision ?
The answer is simple :
There is no evidence that Obama has , or ever had , any such vision .
He said nothing to that effect in Prague .
There , he merely spoke of his commitment “ to seek . . . a world without nuclear weapons , ” a vague aspiration and hardly a novel one at that level of abstraction .
He said that in the meantime the United States “ will maintain a safe , secure , and effective arsenal to deter any adversary , and guarantee that defense to our allies . ”
Since nuclear weapons do n’t , and wo n’t ever , “ deter any adversary , ” this too was highly aspirational , if not futile .
The vain search for an “ effective ” arsenal that can deter “ any ” adversary requires unending innovation and continuous real investment , including investment in the extended deterrent to which Obama referred .
The promise of such investments , and not disarmament , was the operative message in Prague as far as the U.S. stockpile was concerned .
In fact , proposed new investments in extended deterrence were already being packaged for Congress when Obama spoke .
To fulfill his supposed “ disarmament vision , ” Obama offered just two approaches in Prague , both indefinite .
First , he spoke vaguely of reducing “ the role of nuclear weapons in our national security strategy . ”
It ’s far from clear what that might actually mean , or even what it could mean .
Most likely it refers to official discourse–what officials say about nuclear doctrine–as opposed to actual facts on the ground .
Second , Obama promised to negotiate “ a new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty [ START ] with the Russians . ”
As far as nuclear disarmament went in the speech , that was it .
Of course , Obama also said his administration would promptly pursue ratification of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty , an action not yet taken and one entirely unrelated to U.S. disarmament .
The rest of the speech was devoted to various nonproliferation initiatives that his administration planned to seek .
On July 8 , Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev announced their Joint Understanding , committing their respective countries to somewhere between 500 to 1,100 strategic delivery vehicles and 1,500 to 1,675 deployed strategic warheads , very modest goals to be achieved a full seven years after the treaty entered into force .
Total arsenal numbers would n’t change , so strategic warheads could be taken from deployment and placed in a reserve–de - alerted , in effect .
The treaty would n’t affect nonstrategic warheads .
It would n’t require dismantlement .
As Hans Kristensen at the Federation of American Scientists has explained , the delivery vehicle limits require little , if any , change from U.S. and Russian expected deployments .
Ironically , it ’s possible that the retirement of 4,000 or more U.S. warheads under the Moscow Treaty and other retirements ordered by George W. Bush may exceed anything Obama does in terms of disarmament .
As for the stockpile and weapons complex , Bush ’s aspirations were far more hawkish than Congress ultimately allowed .
Real budgets for warheads fell during his last three years in office .
Now , with the Democrats controlling the executive branch and both houses of Congress , congressional restraint is notable by its absence .
What Obama mainly seems to be “ disarming ” is congressional resistance to variations of some of the same proposals Bush found it difficult to authorize and fund .
Last May Obama sent his first budget to Congress , calling for flat warhead spending .
At that time , the administration was still displaying a measured approach toward replacement and expansion of warhead capabilities .
That said , in last year ’s budget the White House did acquiesce to a Pentagon demand to request funding for a major upgrade to four B61 nuclear bomb variants–one of which had just completed a 20 - year - plus life - extension program .
Just one day before that budget was released a grand nuclear strategy review previously requested by the armed services committees was unveiled .
It was chaired by William Perry , a member of the governing board of the corporation that manages Los Alamos , and recurrent Cold War fixture James Schlesinger .
[ Full disclosure : Perry is also a member of the Bulletin ’s Board of Sponsors . ]
The report ’s recommendations for increased spending and weapons development quickly began to serve as a rallying point for defense hawks–surely the point of the exercise .
Overall , it was largely a conclusory pastiche of recycled Cold War notions , entirely lacking in analysis and often factually wrong .
But neither the White House nor leading congressional Democrats offered any public resistance or rebuttal to its conclusions .
More largely , opposition to nuclear restraint within the administration quickly emerged from its usual redoubts at the National Nuclear Security Administration ( NNSA ) , the Pentagon , STRATCOM , and interested players in both parties in Congress .
Plus , Obama left key Bush appointees in place at NNSA while the Pentagon added some familiar faces from the Clinton administration , leaving serious questions about the ability of the White House to develop an independent understanding of the issues , let alone present one to Congress .
Either way , potential treaty ratification is surely a major factor in White House thinking .
Senate Republicans , as expected , are demanding significant nuclear investments prior to considering ratification of any START follow - on treaty .
Democratic hawks , especially powerful ones with pork - barrel interests at stake such as New Mexico Sen.
Jeff Bingaman , also must be satisfied in the ratification process .
All in all this makes the latest Obama budget request a kind of “ preemptive surrender ” to nuclear hawks .
So whether or not the president has a disarmament “ vision ” is irrelevant .
What is important are the policy commitments embodied in the budget request and whether Congress will endorse them .
Investments on the scale requested should be flatly unacceptable to all of us .
The country and the world face truly apocalyptic security challenges from climate change and looming shortages of transportation fuels .
Our economy is very weak and will remain so for the foreseeable future .
The proposed increases in nuclear weapons spending , embedded as they are in an overall military budget bigger than any since the 1940s , should be a clarion call for renewed political commitment in service of the fundamental values that uphold this , or any , society .
Those values are now gravely threatened –not least by a White House uncertain about , or unwilling or unable to fight for , what is right .
Computer Engineer Barbie debuted to much fanfare , but most girls voted for Mattel 's flagship doll to be a news anchor .
Eve Tahmincioglu , writing for MSNBC , uses the Barbie vote disparity to explore why there are n't more women in tech careers .
The Barbie brouhaha points to a key conundrum today when it comes to women and professions in science and technology .
Many people see a need for more females in so - called STEM professions ( science , technology , engineering and math ) .
But fewer and fewer young women seem to be gravitating to such jobs , thanks in part to the geek factor .
Sandra Guo , 22 , always loved video games when she was in high school , but she never thought of pursuing a career in computer science because she felt it was n't for girls .
Even her mother discouraged her .
" When I first enrolled in college she was opposed for me taking computer science as a major , " she recalled .
" She said I 'd never find a boyfriend . "
Advertisement
Tahmincioglu then reveals that Guo almost dropped out of computer science , due to feelings of isolation and that she was in a majority male space .
Luckily , a mentor noticed Guo's growing discomfort and reached out with coaching skills .
Guo is finishing her CS degree , and has now landed a job at Google .
Still , the proportion of women who enter and complete degrees in STEM professions remains abysmally small , leading experts and women 's groups to devote resources to diagnose why so many girls stay away from these career paths .
Tahmincioglu 's article pinpoints some of the other ideas experts see as contributing to the tech careers gap :
Fear of failure and the lack of role models could also be driving the disinterest among girls .
Kristen Lamoreaux , founder of SIM Women , part of the Society for Information Management , an association of nearly 4,000 CIOs , offered a personal anecdote : " According to my 13 year old niece , she is not going into a STEM focused role because , ‘ I do n't like to be wrong and I want to stand out . '
She said that when everyone in her Math class does the same problem , they all get the same answer .
In Literature , everyone can write on the same topic , but variety is expected and it 's possible to stand out based upon your talents . "
Advertisement
The key to encouraging more gender diversity in tech may not just be perception based , but to also improve technical prowess and comfort in the space ( as well as comfort with the core concepts ) from an early age .
The Georgia Institute of Technology recently launched a program to entice more African American boys into careers in computer science , using video games as a launching pad for more involvement in development and eventually programming .
In an academic paper , the four researchers explained that they decided to re-examine the normal assumptions around what gets people into computer science .
After conducting interviews , they hit upon one illuminating comment :
Me and some of my black friends were talking about the other guys in CS .
Some of them have been programming since they were eight .
We can't compete with that .
Now , the only thing that I have been doing since I was eight is playing basketball .
I would own them on the court .
I mean it would n't be fair , they would just stand there and I would dominate .
It is sort of like that in CS .
– Undergraduate CS Major
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The study looks at the relationship between play norms and CS norms , and makes recommendations on how to recruit and retain more African American talent in a tech space .
Lead researcher Betsy DiSalvo was interviewed about the project that stemmed from the Institute 's research ( Glitch Game Testers ) and she discussed the merits of boosting confidence before sending the kids to a degree program .
" They saw what computer science is on several levels , " said DiSalvo .
" First , the workshops showed them they could code .
Also being able to be creative by engaging in programming and problem solving motivated a number of students .
Others just realized they could work in technology because they were doing game testing work as high school students . "
Advertisement
A large part of the battle will be portraying careers in technology as both attainable and desirable to young women .
Tech industry searching for girls gone geek [ MSNBC ]
Gaming Masculinity : Video games as a reflection on masculinity in Computer Science and African American culture ( Conference Notes ) [ Racialicious ]
Can Video Game Testing Spark Interest in Computing Among Black Youth ?
[ Newswise ]
Advertisement
Earlier : Star Trek & Girl Gamers : Exploring The Gender Gap In Computer Science
Focus on the Family , sponsor of the Tim Tebow ad at the Super Bowl , is n't the only conservative evangelical group riling its critics right now .
Some folks are worried about President Obama munching toast at last week 's National Prayer Breakfast with friends of Ugandan homophobe David Bahati .
But while the prayer event held the headlines , leaders of the Family Research Council and the American Family Association , made news , too .
They would n't go as far as Uganda 's kill - the - gays bill pushed by Bahati .
They would just outlaw homosexuality , like shooting up illegal drugs , here in the USA , according to Tobin Grant 's weekly roundup of the latest from Christian activist groups , for Christianity Today .
One says the U.S. Supreme Court erred in 2003 when it overturned laws criminalizing homosexuals ' " private sexual conduct " and the other says gay behavior is a " public health menace . "
First , MSNBC 's Chris Matthews , at the end of a discussion of the Don't Ask Don't Tell policy , which boots gays out of military service , asked Peter Sprigg , a senior policy fellow for the Family Research Council , " should we outlaw gay behavior ? "
Sprigg replied :
I think that the Supreme Court decision in Lawrence v. Texas , which overturned the sodomy laws in this country , was wrongly decided .
I think there would be a place for criminal sanctions against homosexual behavior .
Bryan Fischer of the American Family Association added to the outlaw idea during the Thursday edition of Focal Point , the AFA talk show he hosts .
Restoring anti-sodomy laws , he says , would solve the " problems " of gay marriage , gay rights in the workplace and other issues .
He said ,
Laws not only curb dangerous and risky behavior , they keep such behavior from being normalized , sanctioned and endorsed by the rest of society , and as such render an enormous benefit to a healthy culture .
Christianity Today said Fischer rested his view on 1 Timothy 1:8 - 11 , that ,
... those ' who practice homosexuality ' should come under the purview of the law just as much as those who take people captive in order to sell them into slavery . "
When a listener complained , Fischer responded with a righteous reason -- citing the Bible and backing it up with a view that homosexual behavior should be regarded like illegal drug use -- as a threat to public health .
The bottom line here is that , biblically , those " who practice homosexuality " should come under the purview of the law just as much as those who take people captive in order to sell them into slavery .
You express a belief in the Scriptures , and I trust your confidence in Scripture is not selective .
If you believe all Scripture is inspired , then you are compelled to accept that legal sanctions may appropriately be applied to those who engage in homosexual behavior .
So , maybe Obama , and Secretary of State Hilary Clinton , who both condemned the proposed Ugandan legislation at the prayer event , will have a new , closer - to - home topic for the next event .
Do you base your view of homosexuality on your religious teachings ?
What happens when people interpret the same Bible different ways ?
A flyer Anonymous used to recruit people for the hack attack .
The Attorney - General 's department this morning confirmed the attacks and said the Department of Defence Cyber Security Operations Centre was monitoring the situation .
A spokeswoman for Communications Minister Stephen Conroy said the attacks were not a legitimate form of political statement .
They were " totally irresponsible and potentially deny services to the Australian public " .
The attacks , organised under the banner " Operation : Titstorm " , come five months after hackers connected with the same group briefly brought down the Prime Minister 's website .
At the time the hackers said they would regroup and launch new attacks .
Flyers distributed to recruit participants for the operation said the denial of service attacks on government servers would begin at 8 am today .
The Parliament of Australia website , aph.gov.au , was down for a period this morning , while access to the Department of Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy 's website was patchy .
A spokesman for the Department of Parliamentary Services , which runs the Parliament House website , said at the peak of the attack the site was receiving 7.5 million hits a second , up from the few hundred per second it normally receives .
He said the website was inaccessible for about an hour from 8 am , and was offline intermittently due to the four attacks that had been detected by lunchtime .
It is not clear how many other sites were targeted but it appears a wide range of government servers were flooded with traffic .
Anonymous is a loosely connected group of anonymous online pranksters who come together to work towards certain goals , such as the eradication of the Church of Scientology or blocking perceived threats to internet freedom .
It is not clear if the same members of the group involved in attacks on Scientology participated in the attacks on government websites .
The attacks come as the government prepares to introduce its controversial mandatory internet filtering legislation and just after the Australian sex industry claimed porn films were being banned from sale in Australia because they featured small - breasted women and female ejaculation .
The Classification Board confirmed that pornography could be banned if participants simply " appeared " to be under age , while female ejaculation was considered a form of urination , which is banned under content classification guidelines .
In an email sent to media yesterday afternoon foreshadowing the attacks , Anonymous referred to the internet filtering legislation and the perceived pornography censorship .
" No government should have the right to refuse its citizens access to information solely because they perceive it to be ' unwanted ' , " the email read .
" The Australian government will learn that one does not mess with our porn .
No one messes with our access to perfectly legal ( or illegal ) content for any reason . "
In the flyer recruiting people for the attacks , Anonymous said the attacks on the websites would be followed by " a shitstorm of porn email , fax spam , black faxes and prank phone calls to government offices ( emails / faxes should focus on small - breasted porn , cartoon porn and female ejaculation , the 3 types banned so far ) " .
Despite anticipating the attacks because of flyers that had previously been circulated , the Department of Parliamentary Services spokesman said there was little that could be done to shield the site from attack .
‘‘ We were never going to be able to protect against that , '’ he said .
'' Our objective has simply been to bring the site back into operation after the attack .
They ca n’t last forever . ''
The attack also extended to spam , with various email accounts within the department receiving bulk emails from an anonymous sender that featured pornographic images and text .
The email addresses targeted appear to be those listed on the website .
The Department of Defence has been informed of the attack , which the parliamentary services spokesman said appeared to be based on the false idea that the bureaucracy was partisan .
‘‘ We assume that they think we ’re a part of executive government , ’’ he said .
Speaking to the ABC's this week for a segment on the government 's internet filtering policy , which airs tonight , Senator Conroy laughed off the Anonymous threats .
He said the hackers themselves described last year 's attack on government websites as " shockingly disappointing " .
Anti-censorship groups in Australia , including stopinternetcensorship.org and the System Administrators Guild of Australia , have condemned the attacks , saying it hurts their cause .
" It would be much more helpful for these people to put their efforts behind legitimate action to stop this ineffective and inefficient attempt at censorship by the Australian government , " Stop Internet Censorship co-founder Nicholas Perkins said .
WASHINGTON , Feb. 22 , 2010 --
As president of the Humanitarian Law Project , Ralph Fertig has spent years working toward nonviolent dispute resolution .
But his work has come to a screeching halt because of a federal law that prohibits him from providing material support -- defined to include expert advice -- to any individual who could potentially be connected to government - designated terrorist groups .
Lisa Schrich , a professor at Eastern Mennonite University , has just returned from Afghanistan , where she , too , felt hamstrung in her efforts to work toward a nonviolent resolution with Afghan citizens .
She thinks the law cripples the work of non-government organizations because it is vague on what kinds of communications humanitarian lawyers can have with individuals who may or may not have ties to government - designated terrorist groups .
" Does my listening to people who may belong to the Taliban include material support ? " she asks .
The so called " material support law " -- passed before 9/11 but strengthened by the Patriot Act -- makes it illegal to not only provide " goods " or " money " to government designated terrorist groups , but also services less easy to define , such as " expert advice , training and personnel . "
Fertig has brought his case to the Supreme Court and his lawyers will argue that the law is unconstitutionally vague and violates his first amendment right to promote nonviolent activities through pure speech .
The justices ' decision in the case will have implications for Americans supporting other entities with direct or indirect ties to groups such as al Qaeda , Hamas or Hezbollah .
Fertig worked with Kurds in the United States and abroad , training them to use international law as a means to resolve their claims of oppression in Southeastern Turkey .
But after the State Department designated the Kurdistan Worker 's Party ( PKK ) a terrorist group , any " material support " to Kurds who might be affiliated with the PKK is illegal under the material support statute .
Nonviolent Dispute Resolution , Or Indirect Support for Terrorism ?
The government -- which has used the law increasingly since 9/11 -- considers it a " crucial tool " and has used it to convict approximately 75 defendants since 2001 .
" It 's a lot easier to prove that an individual in some ways supported a terrorist group then that they were directly involved in acts of terrorism , " says Stephen I. Vladeck , a professor at Washington College of Law at American University .
" It 's the first time the court is being asked to consider the scope of criminal antiterrorism laws since 9/11 . "
Fertig believes it is ironic the government would try to suppress his work to promote nonviolence .
" It 's a matter of free speech that I should be able to speak with the Kurds on their behalf , " he says .
" Nonviolent activity would be more successful for groups seeking to establish human rights . "
Supporters of the law say it is essential to stop any , even indirect , support of terrorism .
" There is no question that whatever the Supreme Court rules in this case will be applicable to every terrorist group , " says Richard Samp , chief counsel of the Washington Legal Foundation .
" Courts have no business second - guessing determinations of the elected branches of government on such vital national security issues , " Samp says .
In court papers , lawyers for Fertig argue that the statute forbids " pure political speech promoting lawful , nonviolent activity . "
But in its briefs , the government points out that the PKK has waged a " violent insurgency " since its founding in 1974 .
The government says that Fertig and other petitioners are able to express " any views they wish " about the PKK , but that the statute " prevents petitioners from contributing resources of various kinds that further those groups ' activities . "
It is the definition of resources that divides the parties in the case and the fact that many groups that have terrorist designations also work for humanitarian purposes .
Fertig says that his advice , unlike a financial donation , should not be linked to support of terrorism .
But the government insists , " Petitioners remain free ... to lobby Congress , to teach and advise on human rights , to promote the peaceful resolution of political disputes , and to advance for the human rights of minority populations .
What petitioners may not do under the statute is something different : engage in certain activities in coordination with , or under the direct or control of , groups that they know have been designated as terrorist organizations or have engaged in terrorist activity . "
Samp says that what Fertig calls " free speech " is actually advice that will help terrorists .
" Pure speech can aid terrorists , " Samp says .
" If you teach them how to advance their cause in the United Nations , for example , that means you are freeing up their resources so then they can use that same money to buy bombs . "
Schrich hopes that Congress could have another shot at narrowing the law , clarifying the line between her intent to provide humanitarian assistance and the government 's national security interests .
McKinsey Quarterly 's State of the Day takes a look private and public sector debt by country as a percentage of GDP .
You 've probably seen these stats elsewhere in some form or another , but what makes this one particular interesting is the way it shows the change .
The UK 's race towards the top -- with debt - to - GDP having grown 156 % since 2000 -- is stunning .
South Korea 's 93 % surge is also startling and , we 'd guess , not getting enough attention .
Japan on the other hand is in the nosebleed territory , but then , it 's been there for a long time , and the story has n't changed .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The House of Representatives approved the biggest changes in financial regulation since the Great Depression on Friday , marking a win for the Obama administration and top Democrats in Congress .
The sweeping bill , which will have to be reconciled with any measure the slower - moving Senate might eventually approve , aims to safeguard the financial system and ward off future crises of the type that punished the nation in the past year with its deepest recession since the 1930s .
The House voted 223-202 to pass the 1,279 - page bill , which was hammered out in the months since last year ’s crisis convinced Democrats of an urgent need for reform .
All of the chamber ’s Republicans and 27 Democrats voted against bill .
“ This legislation brings us another important step closer to necessary , comprehensive financial reform that will create clear rules of the road , consistent and systematic enforcement of those rules , and a stronger , more stable financial system , ” President Barack Obama said in a statement .
The bill would create an inter-agency council to police systemic risk in the economy , crack down on hedge funds and credit rating agencies , set up a financial consumer watchdog agency , and expose Federal Reserve monetary policy to unprecedented congressional scrutiny , among other reforms .
Faced with a recession and multi-billion - dollar taxpayer bailouts of firms such as AIG and Citigroup Inc , started by the Bush administration , Obama and fellow Democrats have vigorously pushed for fundamental regulatory change .
LOBBYISTS FIGHTING REFORMS
Republicans and an army of lobbyists for banks and Wall Street firms , whose profits may be threatened , have fought back for months to weaken and delay reforms , criticizing what they call an unneeded and costly intrusion on business .
The battle will continue in the Senate , which is pursuing its own legislation -- more modest in some ways , more radical in others .
Once a bill clears the Senate , the two chambers will have to agree on a compromise to send to Obama to become law .
The House bill faced a flood of amendments during floor debate this week , with mixed results for both sides .
In a win for the banking industry , the House voted to reject a measure that would have allowed bankruptcy judges to change the terms of mortgages for distressed homeowners .
Known as “ mortgage cramdown , ” the measure was defeated in a 188 - 241 decision as a proposed amendment to the broader bill .
The vote marked a reversal from the House ’s passage in March of a “ cramdown ” measure that later died in the Senate .
On another vote , Democrats beat back an attempt to weaken a key provision of the reforms bill -- the proposed creation of a Consumer Financial Protection Agency .
An amendment proposed creating instead a council of regulators , which the White House said would let banks and mortgage and credit card firms “ continue to get away with the practices that helped cause the financial crisis . ”
In a setback for corporate good - governance activists , the House rejected an amendment that would have required small corporations with market capitalization of less than $ 75 million to get external reviews of their internal financial controls under regulations passed after the Enron fiasco .
The amendment concerned applying certain audits under the 2002 Sarbanes - Oxley laws to small firms .
By rejecting the proposal , which was supported by senior Democrats , lawmakers left an earlier amendment in the bill that would permanently exempt small firms from complying with the rules for audits .
A tourist is reflected in water as he takes pictures on Capitol Hill in Washington , August 25 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
OTC DERIVATIVES TARGETED
The House approved a section of the reforms bill on Thursday that would impose regulation for the first time on the $ 450 trillion over - the - counter derivatives market , including credit default swaps like those at the root of AIG ’s problems .
The bill “ will increase transparency in the marketplace and reduce the systemic risk that over - the - counter derivatives can pose to the economy if left unchecked , ” said Democratic House Agriculture Committee Chairman Collin Peterson in a statement .
Regulators would be empowered to set position limits on financial and commodity - based derivatives , under the bill .
The House also backed an amendment from Democratic Representative Stephen Lynch to limit financial firms to 20 percent ownership stakes in OTC derivatives clearinghouses .
If ultimately approved , the Lynch measure could affect Wall Street giants that dominate OTC derivatives markets -- Goldman Sachs Group Inc , JPMorgan Chase & Co , Citigroup , Bank of America Corp and Morgan Stanley -- and exchange operators such as Nasdaq OMX .
In a rebuke to the Federal Reserve , the bill would open up monetary policy decisions to audits by congressional watchdogs .
The central bank fought the provision , arguing it could imply politics can sway Fed decisions and spook the markets .
House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank said the Fed audit provision could go too far .
“ The Fed could be audited , ” Frank told CNBC television .
But he added , “ The amendment that was adopted went too far ...
It could give the perception that monetary policy is not going to be independent and that would have an inflationary effect . ”
In addition to systemic risk regulation and the CFPA , the broader House bill would give the government new powers over large banks and set up new protocols for dealing with large firms , known as “ too big to fail , ” that get into trouble .
It would also impose new curbs on executive pay , strengthen protections for investors and , for the first time , set up a federal office to monitor the insurance industry .
Banks stocks ended the day higher , with the KBW Banks index slightly outperforming the benchmark Dow Jones industrial average on broadly bullish trading .
The Premier League is considering introducing a play - off system to determine the fourth club to qualify for the following season 's European Champions League .
Currently the club which finishes fourth goes through but the new proposal would mean a play - off between the clubs finishing fourth , fifth , sixth and seventh .
The intention is to inject more competition into a league in which qualification has for years remained in the hands of the same four clubs .
Premier League sources have confirmed that the play - off proposal was presented at the most recent meeting of all clubs , on 4 February , and the league 's chief executive , Richard Scudamore , was authorised to return with further details in April .
It is understood that the idea was enthusiastically supported by all clubs – except the so - called big four of Chelsea , Manchester United , Arsenal and Liverpool .
Scudamore , and the league 's secretary , Mike Foster , will examine the practicalities of how a play - off system could work : whether it should take the form of a home - and - away knockout system , similar to that in the Football League , or incorporate seeding .
They will also look into when matches could be fitted into a crowded fixture calendar before making recommendations .
The idea was presented as part of the Premier League 's strategic review of its format and operations and springs from two particular motivations .
The first is to crack the problem of England 's top league becoming less open and competitive , with the richest clubs , Manchester United , Chelsea , Arsenal and Liverpool , having strengthened their hold on the top four places over several years .
One league source said it was an odd twist that the idea has been raised now , in a season when Liverpool 's claim to the fourth place is being seriously challenged .
The response among clubs outside the top four is understood to have been positive , with some believing that a play - off system would create more competitive matches and give more clubs a prize to challenge for .
Most clubs now feel they have no chance of attaining fourth place but almost the whole Premier League could be brought into a competition to finish seventh and make it to the play - offs .
The medium - sized clubs , which increasingly aspire to break the cartel , are said to have been enthusiastic , seeing play - offs as a great opportunity .
The big four , who have been qualifying on merit at the end of each season and reaping the footballing and financial rewards of Champions League participation are understood to have been less keen .
Self - interest is clearly a factor , with those clubs concerned about protecting their own advantages .
However , there is also a feeling that the league should be more sophisticated about addressing its major challenges , particularly the financial ones , rather than incorpor-ating an awkward play - off system for a prize as ostensibly moderate as fourth place .
The other motivation for the play - offs is a waning of the proposal for an international round of matches , dubbed " Game 39 " , which was widely criticised for lacking coherence and being territorially expansionist .
The play - offs would mean extra matches , which would be sold to pay - television and so generate more money for all clubs .
The consistent qualification of the same four clubs , widely seen as stifling competition , is not replicated across Europe .
The Premier League largely blames the Uefa Champions League money , distributed to participating clubs , for entrenching the big four 's financial power .
Uefa , however , points out that Champions League income represents a small part , 8 – 13 % , of Manchester United 's , Chelsea's , Arsenal 's and Liverpool 's total turnover .
Most of the big clubs ' money is made in this country ; Premier League television income is relatively evenly distributed but United , Chelsea and Arsenal in particular make much more than their nearest rivals from commercial activities and match - day revenues in the Premier League .
The Dutch league tried a play - off system for the second Champions League qualification place but abandoned it after the 2007 - 08 season , when FC Twente Enschede beat Ajax 2 - 1 .
The issues in Holland were the risk of crowd trouble at such high - stakes matches and a perception that the play - offs were one - sided .
In the Premier League there is some confidence that neither of those would present major problems .
As a means of encouraging competition , opportunities and increasing income , the play - off proposal already seems to have enough support to suggest it could gain the necessary 14 - 6 majority to be implemented .
BUCHAREST , Romania ( AP ) —
After handing Ion Aliman victory in the election for their local mayor , residents of a small village in southern Romania went to his grave to light candles for him .
Aliman was reelected in a landslide for an unprecedented third term as mayor of the village of Deveselu despite having died from COVID - 19 complications 10 days prior to the country ’s municipal elections .
His death came too late to remove his name from Sunday ’s ballot , but the news of his passing spread fast through the village , home to just over 3,000 people .
The popular incumbent would have celebrated his 57th birthday on election day .
To honor the man they admired , hundreds of Deveselu villagers went to the polling stations Sunday and voted for Aliman anyway .
After preliminary election results showed late Sunday that Aliman had won 1,057 out of the 1,600 votes cast in Deveselu , a large group of villagers visited his grave to light candles and pay their respects .
A video shared widely on social media showed people with flashlights and candles gathered around Aliman ’s grave , some of them saying “ This is your victory ” and “ We will make you proud , we know that from somewhere up there you are watching . ”
Aliman was a member of the left - leaning Social Democrat Party , known as PSD , and so is his deputy , Nicolae Dobre , who told a local TV station , Digi24 , that “ none of the other contenders got the same trust from the voters . ”
Asked if he voted for Aliman , Dobre said : “ I sure did . ”
The election victory in Deveselu was a bit of sweet news , but only a little comfort for the PSD as partial preliminary results showed Monday that they had lost the most closely watched contest — the one for the mayor of the capital , Bucharest .
The PSD all but conceded the election loss by its incumbent major to the candidate backed by the center - right National Liberal party , or NLP , which has controlled Romania ’s minority government since last fall .
The PSD had been in power until its government lost a confidence vote in the parliament amid massive popular protests at home and heavy criticism from Brussels over its attacks on the judiciary and widespread graft .
About 19 million registered voters in Romania on Sunday chose local officials , council presidents and mayors to fill more than 43,000 positions across the nation .
The elections were seen as a preview of how the next general election will unfold .
According to partial preliminary results the PSD is unlikely to regain power in the Dec. 6 parliamentary vote .
But they did secure a resounding victory in Deveselu .
Warning : Due to the fact that these add - on packs take place during the final chapters of Assassin ’s Creed II , this review unavoidably contains spoilers for Assassin ’s Creed II .
Before we all begin salivating over the who’s , what ’s and where ’s of Assassin ’s Creed III , Ubisoft has breathed more life into one of last year ’s best games by offering two add - on packs for console gamers .
And for that , I ’m gateful .
And you should be too .
While most add - on or expansion packs place their content at the end of their host game , or the content takes place entirely outside of the original storyline , Sequence 12 and 13 fall right into the main story of Assassin ’s Creed II which makes them unique as far as expansion packs go .
They flesh out a small piece of the story that is n’t 100 % necessary to the overall arc of Assassin ’s Creed II , but Memory Sequences 12 and 13 are certainly a welcome addition .
While the expansions do have their downsides , overall , they ’re a must - buy for fans of the Assassin ’s Creed series .
Sequence 12 : Battle of Forli
Shortly after Ezio wins the Apple from the Spaniard , the Assassin Order gathers together to discuss their newly won prize .
After some minor experimentation , Ezio , Leonardo , Uncle Mario , and Machiavelli realize the danger the Apple represents .
The Assassins decide to safeguard it against future Templar attacks in the largest fortress available to them — Lady Catarina Sforza ’s fortress at Forli .
While at Forli , Ezio meets up again with Catarina — the woman who was stranded near the docks in Romagna — outside of town .
Before Ezio and Catarina can make it back to the protection of Sforza ’s city walls , the townspeople approach the Assassins and inform them that the town is under attack by mercenaries hired by the Templars .
From there , the add - on packs unfold at a breakneck pace as Ezio does everything in his power to help Lady Catarina and her besieged city .
Out of the two repaired memories , Sequence 12 is more story - heavy and less action oriented .
But that is not to say there is n’t anything or anyone to stab .
The action in Sequence 12 is mostly based around surprisingly non-annoying escort missions , rescue missions , and an investigation that grants fans more insight into the power of the Pieces of Eden .
The story of Sequence 12 is n’t groundbreaking , but it is more than enough to hold the audience ’s attention .
It ends with a cliffhanger and it definitely adds a nice change of pace to the overall story of AC2 .
Unfortunately , without playing through Sequence 12 , Sequence 13 will make little sense .
Not only is Sequence 12 the more story - driven of the two , but it is also the shorter of the two add - ons .
For a mere $ 3.99 it ’s downright silly to pass up this canonical extension .
Sequence 13 : Bonfire of the Vanities
After tracking down the location of the missing Apple , Ezio must assassinate a corrupt member of the church before his influence is spread beyond the city ’s borders .
But before Ezio can directly confront the corrupted preacher , he must weaken the priest ’s grasp of the community by first eliminating all his lieutenants in Florence .
The missions that follow are without question the best stealth gameplay missions the series has seen .
They embody everything that everyone loves about the Assassin ’s Creed series .
In fact , they remind me a lot of the original trailer for Assassin ’s Creed that got everyone ’s appetites whet in the first place .
Each lieutenant must first be located , then killed .
Some need to be chased through the streets and rooftops of Florence in order to be assassinated , which makes for exciting gameplay .
But most can be taken by surprise by hiding in the crowds , secretly eliminating guards , or hiding in haystacks and discreet locations .
Each lieutenant is heavily guarded ; much more heavily than most targets found in the Assassin ’s Creed series .
In the end , each kill is satisfying .
Each kill feels very “ earned ” like a bird who has captured his prey .
Light on the story / heavy on the stabbing , Sequence 13 has won a special place in my heart , right between buffalo chicken pizza and that feeling you get when a newegg.com package arrives in the mail .
I ’m convinced that if this content was present in the original release , Assassin ’s Creed II might have won a few more game of the year awards .
Priced at $ 6.99 , Sequence 13 is a little more expensive than Sequence 12 , but it ’s also longer and more challenging than the greater portion of Assassin ’s Creed II .
The stealth gameplay is simply fantastic and sets the bar at a new high for the series .
For all Assassin ’s Creed fans who have made it this far into the storyline , this is a must buy .
The best part to both of these sequences if , if you ’ve already finished the game , you can go back and automatically start these memories at your own pace .
You do n’t need to restart a fresh game to experience them .
However , if you have n’t finished the game , these sequences are inserted in their proper order within the story , so they do n’t feel “ tacked on . ”
Kudos , Ubisoft .
The Downside to the Repaired Sequences
While these two add - on packs are certainly welcome , they are n’t without their own minor flaws .
Cloaks are disabled in the add-ons .
Your Medici , Venetian and Auditore capes cannot be equipped in these sequences .
Instead of the developers popping up a message stating “ your _____ cloak will have no effect in this sequence , ” the outfitting of the cloaks is entirely disabled .
This is not a game - breaker .
It ’s very minor , but if you ’re used to seeing your Ezio wearing the Venetian cape , you might be taken by surprise when it ’s suddenly gone from your shoulder .
At the end of Sequence 13 , Ezio makes a rather lengthy speech to the citizens of Florence .
While there is nothing wrong with the delivery of the speech , the content of the speech itself seems unfit for Ezio ’s character .
Ezio , like Altair , does n’t seem to be the preachy type .
But this speech seems to be a bit of the contrary .
Again , this is n’t a game breaker and it ’s a very minor gripe .
It just does n’t fit entirely with the character of Ezio .
Finally , it seems to be a poor decision to package the two sequences separately .
They ’re both very small .
One is necessary to the other .
Sequence 12 ends in suspense and Sequence 13 will make no sense to gamers without the story of Sequence 12 .
Why not simply package the two together and sell them that way ?
Together , they could have stood to win DLC of the year , but apart neither really stands a chance .
All in all , for a total of $ 10.98 , Assassin ’s Creed fans are in for a real bargain .
NOW let the speculation for Assassin ’s Creed III begin !
Khagendra Thapa Magar plans to appear on an Italian television show
A Nepalese man who is only 56 cm ( 22 in ) tall is travelling to Europe in a bid to be recognised officially as the world 's shortest living person .
Khagendra Thapa
Magar is flying with his father and a supporter to Italy , where they plan to file a claim with London - based Guinness World Records .
His family initially applied when he was 14 , but it was rejected as there was a chance that he might grow more .
The current record is held by China 's He Pingping , who is 73 cm ( 29 in ) tall .
The shortest man on record was Gul Mohammed of India , who measured just 57 cm - 1 cm taller than Mr Magar .
Mr Magar , who is now 18 , and his father told reporters in Kathmandu that they planned to appear on an Italian television show this week to talk about his bid for the title .
Afterwards , they will decide on their next destination .
Mr Magar , who was born in 1992 in the Baglung district of Nepal , started to walk only at the age of eight and ceased growing at 11 , his family say .
The nonpartisan Urban Institute publishes studies , reports , and books on timely topics worthy of public consideration .
The views expressed are those of the authors and should not be attributed to the Urban Institute , its trustees , or its funders .
© TAX ANALYSTS .
Reprinted with permission .
Note :
This report is available in its entirety in the Portable Document Format ( PDF ) .
A common claim in recent tax policy debates is that raising or cutting the highest income tax rates would disproportionately affect small businesses .
The table below defines small businesses owners broadly to include anyone who has any entry ( positive or negative ) on Schedule C ( self - employment income ) , Schedule E ( income from rents , royalties , partnerships , limited liability companies , and S corporations ) or Schedule F ( farm income ) .
This is the same definition used by the Treasury Department ( Department of Treasury ; " State - By - State Breakdown of the Combined Effects of EGTRRA and JGTRRA , " April 1 , 2004 ) .
The table shows several facts .
First , few small business owners face the highest marginal income tax rates .
Less than 9 percent of returns with small business income are in tax brackets of 28 percent and above , less than 3 percent face rates of 33 percent and above , and only 1.3 percent are in the top bracket .
Roughly 97 percent of small businesses would not be affected at all by increases in the top two tax rates .
More than two - thirds of all returns with small business income are in the 15 percent or lower tax bracket , and 88 percent face rates of 25 percent or below .
Second , business income is not the dominant form of income in any positive tax bracket .
It totals one - third of income in the top bracket , less than one - quarter in the second bracket , and smaller shares at every other positive tax rate .
( The high share in the zero bracket occurs because business losses are substantial , but their absolute value is used to determine the ratio of business income to AGI . )
Third , although many returns in the top two brackets have at least some business income , few returns have most of their income from small businesses .
For only about one - third of households in the top bracket and one - fifth in the second bracket is more than half of their income from business income .
Distribution of Tax Units With Small Business Income Using AGI ,1 2004 Percent of Returns With Small Business Income Statutory
Income Tax
Bracket Distribution
of All Tax
Units
( percent ) Distribution
of Tax Units
With Small
Business
Income Any
Business
Income > 10 % AGI > 25 % AGI > 50 % AGI Percent of
AGI Due to
Small
Business 0 % 30.0 21.8 16.7 14.8 13.4 11.6 69.0 10 % 15.3 13.5 20.1 15.0 10.9 7.3 10.8 15 % 33.6 33.1 22.6 11.4 6.5 3.6 6.2 25 % 15.9 20.1 28.9 11.3 6.2 3.6 6.2 28 % 2.3 4.2 41.3 20.1 13.7 9.2 12.1 33 % 0.5 1.3 59.1 37.3 28.8 20.3 23.1 35 % 0.4 1.3 78.1 54.3 46.0 34.8 33.6 AMT
Brackets 26 % 1.2 2.6 51.2 25.2 16.2 10.0 13.1 28 % 0.7 2.0 62.2 33.2 23.9 15.9 19.3 All 100.0 100.0 22.9 13.8 9.9 7.1 12.9 Source : Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center Microsimulation Model .
1 The absolute values of schedule C , E , and F income are summed to obtain total small business income .
The Tax Policy Center , a joint venture of the Urban Institute and the Brookings Institution , provides independent , timely , and accessible analysis of current and emerging tax policy issues for the public , journalists , policymakers , and academic researchers .
For more tax facts , see http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/taxfacts.
Note :
This report is available in its entirety in the Portable Document Format ( PDF ) .
The visual description is here !
Scroll past the pictures !
THE BEST NEUROSCIENCE STUDY GUIDE EVER
( BECAUSE IT HAS CATS )
--- Visual description : Title : Sparkling letters that read " THE BEST NEUROSCIENCE STUDY GUIDE EVER( BECAUSE IT HAS CATS ) " Image : A small orange kitten peering up on a white background .
Text :
You 're pretty amazing , if you think about it .
See , everything that happens in your body is controlled by these tiny things called neurons .
Image : A huge tabby cat being held by a girl .
And I do mean huge !
It 's almost the size of a bob cat !
Text : No , tinier .
Image : A photoshopped image of a kitten sitting in the palm of someone 's hand .
It 's probably about four inches long .
Text : Even tinier .
Image : Another photoshop of a REALLY tiny kitten , barely bigger than a thumbnail , sitting between the fingers of someone 's hand .
Text : Close enough !
Image : A grey tabby kitten staring at a glass of milk .
Text :
These super useful chemicals called neurotransmitters are made in your neurons .
Image : A kitten looking very confused , with the text " WHUT " written on it .
Text :
They pop into existence , made by these things called enzymes .
( Do n't worry , you 're not gonna get tested . )
Image : A mother Siamese cat sitting in a basket with a litter of kittens .
Text :
You can sorta think of enzymes like the neurotransmitters ' moms , if you want !
XDImage : An orange tabby kitten chewing on the rim of a basket .
Text :
After they 're made , they 're packed into these little things called vesicles .
Image :
An orange tabby curled up in a tiny white box .
Text : Almost .
Image : A cat face peering out of a narrow bag .
It looks like a kitten spring roll !
Text : Not quite .
Image : Two kittens , one grey and one brown , nestled in tea cups .
Text :
That 'll do .
Image : A big furry ragdoll cat sitting on a keyboard in outer spaceText :
So these little neurotransmitter vesicles sort of float around in their neurons until ... Image : A calico cat springing into the air .
There are yellow stars all over the next three images .
Text : GURGLE !Image :
An orange kitten leaping in the air .
Text : WHOOSH !
Image : A jumping cat with lightning coming out of its paws .
Text : ZAP !
Image : A kitten bounding happily through a bright green field .
Text :
A tiny little shock called an action potential pushes the neurotransmitters out of their vesicles and ... they 're free !
Image : A person grabbing a grey tabby kitten by the scruff of its next .
The kitty looks annoyed !
Text : ... Almost .
Image : A white kitten sitting in a person 's lap .
It 's sitting human - style and looking very pleased with itself .
Text : Lots of the time , they hook onto other neurons at cozy little places called post - synaptic receptors .
Image : A white kitting laying on its back across a computer keyboard keyboard .
Text : Sometimes , they hang around in their home neuron on things called auto - receptors and stop others from getting out of the neuron .
Image : A furry cat but and tail walking through a cat door .
Text : Eventually , most neurotransmitters go back to their home neuron .
Image : A mother tabby cat wth a grey kitten in her mouth .
Text :
And sometimes enzymes come back around and scoop them up .
Image : A fuzzy little kitten sitting at the bottom of a stairway , looking around the corner very curiously .
Text :
But not before that little spark , that action potential , has done something .
Image : A black and white tuxedo cat sitting a a cat - sized computer , using a cat - sized mouse .
Text : Maybe it helped you do some math !
Image : A calico cat looking very silly as he 's about to sneeze .
Text :
Or sneeze !
Image : A calico cat looking very happy as he chomps on a cob of corn .
Text :
Or taste a corn !
Image : A tiny orange kitten sitting in a cat bed , with a kitty smile on his face .
Text :
Or smile .
Image : A mother cat laying with a kitten .
They look like they 're hugging !
Text :
We actually really hope you smiled .
Image : A bunch of orange firework flares forming the face of a cat on a sidewalk at night .
Text :
And in each moment you 're alive , there are like kajillion of these things sparking through your body , firing away with ideas and memories and emotions , like some crazy beautiful fireworks in a summer sky .
Image : A grey kitten snuggling with a yellow lab dog .
Text :
You 're pretty amazing , if you think about it .
This week , I 've worked with one Mr.who has written a stirring and basically awesome ode toright here Aaaand many many special thanks go out to , without whom this entry would n't have even been possible ! ♥
KITCHEN FIRE EXTINGUISHED BY SPRINKLER SYSTEM
A kitchen fire in an apartment at the Aegis Assisted Living facility on 1st NE was quickly extinguished by a sprinkler system .
The fire was the result of an item left unattended on a stove burner .
Though the heat was enough to melt sections of the wall and the microwave oven above , the sprinkler head doused the fire and prevented its spread throughout the apartment .
“ This clearly demonstrates how residential sprinkler systems dramatically decrease property damage and , of course , save lives ” , said Shoreline Fire Marshal Mark Bunje .
Kitchen fires are a leading cause of residential fires and loss of life across the country .
( 4/12/2008 )
In politics , the winners get to write the history .
When Republican Scott Brown , in an authentic upset on Jan. 19 , won the special election to fill the Senate seat held for 47 years by the late Sen .
Ted Kennedy , D - Mass. , the victors told us that the Brown victory unmistakably proclaimed the electorate ’s anger with one , or more , of the following : President Barack Obama , his health - care plan , the recession , Washington and its condescending indifference to ordinary citizens , Big Government , Big Deficits , Big Taxes , bailouts , Democrats and liberalism .
Barely one week later — before the ink was even dry on the new , global meaning of Massachusetts — voters in Oregon did what they had n’t done in 80 years :
With their state suffering under an unemployment rate of 11 percent and facing an estimated budget gap of $ 727 million , Oregonians , with an impressive 60 percent of them turning out — by a thumping 54 percent majority — endorsed an increase in the statewide income tax and raised the Oregon corporate tax rate .
Oregon voters are seriously tax - adverse .
In the first state to make political decisions through direct democracy by ballot questions , Oregon voters have on nine occasions voted against imposing any state sales tax .
Oregon is one of only five states without a sales tax .
The last tax increase to win support was in 2002 , when , to help pay for the Oregon Health Plan , the state ’s voters upped the tax on cigarettes .
Since then , two statewide income tax hikes have been rejected at the polls .
So what does this entirely unorthodox “ tax revolt ” in Oregon mean ?
According to one of the winners , Steve Novick , 2008 Democratic Senate candidate and advocate - strategist for the winning “ Vote Yes for Oregon ” campaign , “ Massachusetts was about ( voters ’ ) anger ” over how “ messed up things were . ”
Voters there demanded “ to hold the people in charge responsible . ”
In Oregon , he says , “ voters agreed things are messed up and we are going to do something about it . ”
What they did was raise the state income tax rate on the fewer than 3 percent of Oregon households that earn more than $ 250,000 a year or individuals who earn more than $ 125,000 annually .
The state ’s corporate tax , where two - thirds of the state ’s firms pay the minimum tax of $ 10 ( yes , 10 dollars ! ) , also was boosted .
Arguing that without the new taxes , the cuts to the 93 percent of the state budget devoted to public education , public safety and public safety net for children and seniors would be painful and unfair , the proponents — well - funded by teachers and public employee unions , and backed by a wide array of religious and civic groups — demanded that “ big banks , credit - card companies and the rich pay their fair share . ”
One TV spot consisted of separate indictments : Wall Street took billions of dollars in bonuses ; bankers jacked up our credit card - rates ; a lot of state corporations pay only the $ 10 corporate tax .
Images of CEOs in private jets and luxury drove the message .
Veteran Oregon political strategist Pat McCormick , who opposed the tax hikes in the business - backed “ Oregonians Against Job - Killing Taxes , ” conceded the winners “ effectively tapped into populist anger . ”
Will success in Oregon — just for starters — embolden the Obama administration and Democrats in Congress to regulate , let alone tax , Wall Street and to make sure the Bush tax cuts for high - earners expire ?
Kevin Looper , who managed the winning campaign , believes others will take courage from what Oregonians did .
“ We registered 30,000 young voters , knocked on 300,000 doors , and we embraced people where they live , ” he said .
“ To make ours a better place , we all need to be less selfish . ”
Now that ’s a really different idea !
— Mark Shields is one of the most widely recognized political commentators in the United States .
The former Washington Post editorial columnist appears regularly on CNN , on public television and on radio .
Click here to contact him .
The 13th Annual Interactive Achievement Awards ceremony was held last night as part of the video game industry 's Dice Summit conference in Las Vegas , NV .
Games.com reports that the top honor in the " Social Networking Game of the Year " category went to Zynga 's massively popular Facebook game FarmVille .
It was up against PopCap 's Bejeweled Blitz , EA / Playfish 's Restaurant City and Codebell 's Farm Town .
With nearly 81 million monthly active players ( which Zynga is quick to note has already made it bigger than Twitter ) , FarmVille is far and away the largest of the bunch and in some ways a shoo - in for the award .
Still , it 's yet another feather in the cap for Zynga , who recently raised $ 180 million in a funding round from Digital Sky Technologies , the Russian venture capital firm that also invested $ 200 million in Facebook .
Do you play FarmVille ?
Are there other social games on Facebook you think should have been considered for a Game of the Year award ?
Joke about the Pro Bowl all you want — we did plenty last night — but this new format may be here to stay .
The overnight ratings for the Pro Bowl are in , and they are sky high .
ESPN got a 7.9 rating , 39 % higher than last year ’s game which had the advantage of being on NBC , which reaches more homes .
ESPN had the advantage of playing the game in primetime , but the number is a coup for the network .
The rating was more than double what it was the last time the Pro Bowl was on ESPN .
No matter the reasons , Commissioner Roger Goodell can point to the ratings and attendance at last night ’s game as proof that moving the game up a week was a success .
( Sure , the crowd often acted like they were at a funeral .
But nearly all the seats were full in the first quarter .
The fourth quarter , not so much . )
Goodell said Saturday that the league may keep the Pro Bowl on the Sunday before the Super Bowl next year in Hawaii .
After these ratings , we ’d be surprised if it did n’t happen .
And with that , we will stop talking about the Pro Bowl for a long time .
UPDATE : More fun with numbers .
It was the most - watched Pro Bowl in a decade .
12.3 million viewers tuned in .
There is no such thing as Islamic science – for science is the most universal of human activities .
But the means to facilitating scientific advances have always been dictated by culture , political will and economic wealth .
What is only now becoming clear ( to many in the west ) is that during the dark ages of medieval Europe , incredible scientific advances were made in the Muslim world .
Geniuses in Baghdad , Cairo , Damascus and Cordoba took on the scholarly works of ancient Egypt , Mesopotamia , Persia , Greece , India and China , developing what we would call " modern " science .
New disciplines emerged – algebra , trigonometry and chemistry as well as major advances in medicine , astronomy , engineering and agriculture .
Arabic texts replaced Greek as the fonts of wisdom , helping to shape the scientific revolution of the Renaissance .
What the medieval scientists of the Muslim world articulated so brilliantly is that science is universal , the common language of the human race .
The 1001 Inventions exhibition at London 's Science Museum tells some of the stories of this forgotten age .
Here are my top six exhibits . . .
1 The elephant clock ( below )
This centrepiece of the exhibition is a three - metre high replica of an early 13th - century water clock and one of the engineering marvels of the medieval world .
It was built by al - Jazari , and gives physical form to the concept of multiculturalism .
It features an Indian elephant , Chinese dragons , a Greek water mechanism , an Egyptian phoenix , and wooden robots in traditional Arabian attire .
The timing mechanism is based on a water - filled bucket hidden inside the elephant .
2 The camera obscura
The greatest scientist of the medieval world was a 10th century Arab by the name of Ibn al - Haytham .
Among his many contributions to optics was the first correct explanation of how vision works .
He used the Chinese invention of the camera obscura ( or pinhole camera ) to show how light travels in straight lines from the object to form an inverted image on the retina .
3 Al - Idrisi's world map
This three - metre reproduction of the famous 12th - century map by the Andalusian cartographer , Al - Idrisi ( 1100 - 1166 ) , was produced in Sicily and is regarded as the most elaborate and complete description of the world made in medieval times .
It was used extensively by travellers for several centuries and contained detailed descriptions of the Christian north as well as the Islamic world , Africa and the Far East .
4 The Banu Musa brothers ' " ingenious devices "
These three brothers were celebrated mathematicians and engineers in ninth - century Baghdad .
Their Book of Ingenious Devices , published in 850 , was a large illustrated work on mechanical devices that included automata , puzzles and magic tricks as well as what we would today refer to as " executive toys " .
5 Al - Zahrawi's surgical instruments
This array of weird and wonderful devices shows the sort of instruments being used by the 10th - century surgeon al - Zahrawi , who practised in Cordoba .
His work was hugely influential in Europe and many of his instruments are still in use today .
Among his best - known inventions were the syringe , the forceps , the surgical hook and needle , the bone saw and the lithotomy scalpel .
6 Ibn Firnas ' flying contraption ( above )
Abbas Ibn Firnas was a legendary ninth - century inventor and the Da Vinci of the Islamic world .
He is honoured on Arabic postage stamps and has a crater on the moon named after him .
He made his famous attempt at controlled flight when , aged 65 , he built a rudimentary hang glider and launched himself from the side of a mountain .
Some accounts claim he remained airborne for several minutes before landing badly and hurting his back .
Jim Al - Khalili is an author and broadcaster .
He is professor of physics and of the public engagement in science at the University of Surrey .
Jabber Security status : Developed externally and hosted internally Developed externally and hosted internally API access : Optional Runs on : windows , linux , osx , external browser Used for : Developer : http://www.jabber.org/team.html
Status : Active Authentication : ESA ( Jabber ) Website : http://www.jabber.org/
Overview
Jabber is an IM protocol which offers secure chatter , chat rooms , contact groups ( all the directors are in one group so you can see who 's on and get in touch etc ) .
You log into it with your external services login and password ( https://goonfleet.com/esa/).
You can hang out with your corpmates while you 're at work , school or otherwise not playing winning eve .
Besides , directors always send out important op announcements as Jabber broadcasts .
Being logged into jabber is the primary means of receiving information about fleets via directorbot announcements .
You should always have your jabber client open .
A word about fullscreen games and Jabber
Some combinations of hardware and settings have trouble with Fullscreen graphics modes and things that give popup notifications / flash their window title bars .
Sometimes , when this happens , the graphics memory is corrupted , leading to graphical glitches , lockups , and crashes , These problems can be unpredictable , and can strike at any time , even where they have never happened before for years .
We recommend running EVE in Window Mode so that you can switch back and forth between Jabber and other out of game tools safely , and so that notifications from your Jabber client do n't crash your game .
This problem is not unique to EVE , it is an inherent problem of fullscreen graphics modes and GPUs .
Security
Jabber itself is pretty secure , as it is hosted internally .
The risk of an OPSEC breach only comes into play if spies gain access ( happens all the time ) or someone connects using a web service or client that is run by and " phones home " to a hostile entity .
Usage
This section describes in broad terms how to configure a jabber client to connect to Goonfleet 's jabber service .
How do I log in ?
Things You Need
An ESA password Do n't have one yet ?
Go here https://goonfleet.com/esa/ and make one .
Already have one but forgot it ?
Go here https://goonfleet.com/esa/ and reset it .
Your ESA username , which is located at https://goonfleet.com/esa/ under Jabber .
A Jabber client , you can find a list of supported clients down below in the Jabber Clients section .
Pidgin is the ' official ' client of Goonfleet and if you do n't have a preference you should default to it .
If you need support for other clients just ask .
Connecting
Your protocol needs to be set to XMPP
Connect to goonfleet.com
( May be listed as Domain ) .
Depending on your ISP , ' goonfleet.com ' might not work , in which case you should use ' jabber-server.goonfleet.com '.
Username will be the ESA username and the password will be the ESA password .
All communication between the client and the server is encrypted .
You will need to make sure that your client supports TLS and has it enabled .
Note : SSL is not the same as TLS .
If your client supports SSL but not TLS you probably will not be able to connect .
I just connected ... what do I do ?
Wait to get messaged by " Directorbot " .
It is used by the alliance to ping for fights , announcements / shit posts , and other shenanigans .
Check if your corp has a jabber channel .
Join it and make your corp wonder why they let you in at all .
Check out the chat " elysium " , the alliance 's jabber channel where you can enjoy the same high class wit and humor as the in game alliance channel
If you join a SIG or Squad ( you should ) make sure to join their jabber channels for updates , pings and other info you may need .
If you 're having trouble logging in through Pidgin , visit Pidgin
Alternately use this link https://docs.google.com/document/d/1On3VVTs1oqlGvVZSVTSw87fgfWzI-Wi7qXECrpWmpTY/edit
Jabber culture 101
In general
Do n't be that guy .
guy .
Mentioning blue ( friendly ) fleets and / or capital class ships in any channel is a big no - no .
Do n't do that .
That includes both in - game and jabber channels .
The only way to get fleet broadcasts is to receive a message from directorbot - if you receive a broadcast , you are eligible to join the fleet .
There are no public channels with broadcasts .
Group chats
These function much like channels on IRC do .
Assume most people in the channel are AFK or Doing Things ( TM ) .
You can ping them ( mention their name ) and they will most likely reply when they are back .
Do not ping people unnecessarily .
Feel free to talk , but do n't sperg too much .
Join the Gooniversity channel if you have any questions .
Direct chat with someone
These work more like an IM / Email hybrid .
Unlike other IM protocols , if they are not online the Jabber server will store the message for them until they get online * .
Just like group chats , expect people to be AFK .
Try to write down what you want of them in 1 - 3 messages - they will reply when they are able to .
Do n't " hey " and wait for them to respond .
What 's Available ?
Elysium is a public channel with all the directors for general discussion as well as serious questions .
gs_isk covers everything having to do with making ISK - markets , production , reaction , even the occasional ratting discussion
Various Social Swarms exist for various communities and interests .
Users are allowed to create other conference rooms .
They can be private or public , the choice is yours .
The Directors group has been published but until the presence issue is fixed the remaining groups will remain ' hidden ' to avoid possibly breaking things more
GSF member corps have conferences , join yours today !
SIG conferences are a thing !
Jabber Clients
The following is a list of Jabber clients people have been using with the Goonfleet Jabber service as well as a link to configuration information and FAQs specific to Goonfleet where available .
Windows , Mac , Linux : Pidgin --
The most powerful and popular cross-platform client -- Pidgin Configuration and FAQ
Pidgin --
The most powerful and popular cross-platform client -- Pidgin Configuration and FAQ Mac OS : Adium --
Easy to install with simple configuration and a nice interface and it now supports channel lists .-- Adium Configuration
Adium --
Easy to install with simple configuration and a nice interface and it now supports channel lists .-- Adium Configuration Android : Xabber -- Preferred Android Client -- Xabber Configuration
Xabber -- Preferred Android Client -- Xabber Configuration iOS : Talkonaut --
The most fully featured iOS client .
Log in with just your username@goonfleet.com and password .
It supports features like changing your default nickname , disabling the ( awful ) chat bubble display format , and changing the topic .
Trillian For iOS and Android .
Limited chat capabilities , but the best iOS client for receiving pings .
Can be used alongside Talkonaut .
Instantbird -- Newer client , similar functionality to Pidgin but uses the Mozilla Toolkit ( GTK + sucks in Windows )
Gajim
Miranda
PSI - Mac .
Spark
Imo - Android messenger client .
Easy ( and energy safing ) setup for getting broadcasts .
BitlBee :
An advanced mobile solution that requires server - side hosting -- Info and FAQs
Browser
Conversejs -- a full browser jabber client , in case there is no other way , supports both pings and chatrooms
Deprecated Clients
Meebo -
This is web based .
The Android client does n't seem to support group chats .
( Absorbed by Google )
Bother
Exodus
i Chat --
Does n't support passworded rooms , also no channel list .
Pandion
Jabiru - Android jabber client .
Might need to set " Alternative host " setting to jabber - server.goonfleet.com
FAQ
Is Jabber only for Goonfleet ?
No !
Any corporation with forums access ( IE , all GS corps + Allies ) can sign up !
Where does it live ?
Goonswarm runs a Jabber server at conference.goonfleet.com .
Unless you are using a client that specifically requires it for some reason you should not enter this hostname into your client .
Why not IRC ?
Because you need to have one unified method for joe average and people like cap pilots and directors , and jabber allows much enhanced security for those other groups .
If all else fails , use SPARK but the fucker 's based on Java and is horribly slow and buggy .
If some important shit comes up people can send out broadcasts and tell you to log in and x cause seriously OUR PARTICIPAISHUN BACKBOAN !!
How do I hide " User joined / left the room " ?
For Pidgin users : Simply open your Buddy Window , select the Tools drop - down menu , then select Plugins .
Check the " Join / Part Hiding " option .
For Trillian Users : Go to Trillian Menu ->
Settings -> IM Accounts .
Click on your Jabber account then click on Settings .
In settings window click on Miscellaneous then uncheck ' Show join / part events in group chat windows ' .
Note , you 'll need to restart Trillian for this to work .
Common Mistakes
Laziness
A lot of people do n't seem to be able to read .
Go over the instructions once more to make sure you have n't missed anything .
If you have recently registered your API it might take some time for the system to process your information .
Wait an hour and try again .
Invalid Jabber ID
If there 's a space in your name , you need to replace it with an _ ( underscore ) .
If that does n't work then try to copy your username from the ESA website manually and paste it into the login information in Jabber
Wrong Password
You must use the external services password to connect to jabber .
Do not try to use your forums password .
Login is case sensitive !
Unable to join conference rooms
The server that hosts the conferences is conference .
goonfleet.com , which is different from the main connection server .
If you are getting 404 errors when joining rooms , make sure this is n't happening .
Connecting from work
First , try using the web - based jabber provided by Goonfleet here
It 's HTTPS which most businesses allow outbound .
If this does n't work , try using a HTTP proxy !
In Pidgin , modify your jabber account and select the the Advanced Tab .
Choose " HTTP " from the Proxy Type drop down list .
Choose a proxy from http://aliveproxy.com/irc-proxy-list/ and enter the IP address in the Host field and the Port number in the Port field .
Proxies using port 80 are the most likely to work .
An example working proxy .
Warning , this proxy is not anonymous .
Host = 59.139.31.217
Port = 80
Emote Packs
Pidgin
New constantly updating package .
For Windows 7 or earlier , drag the sub - directory in the zip file to %APPDATA %\. purple \smileys and then select SAGF 2015 Summer Pack as your Smiley Theme in Pidgin under tools > preferences > themes .
You may need to restart pidgin to get the pack to display in the preferences dialog .
On Windows 8/10 drag the sub- directory to " C: \Program Files ( x86 ) \Pidgin\pixmaps\pidgin\emotes " and restart pidgin .
Select the Smiley Theme under Tools > Preferences >
Themes .
To fix the animation bug , close pidgin , download this version of Gtk and replace the Gtk folder in your Pidgin installation folder with it .
With newer versions of Pidgin , there 's a chance that this may prevent Pidgin from starting up .
If you find that 's the case , download this version of Gtk and replace the Gtk folder in your Pidgin installation folder with it .
Trillian
Gavin Tremlor of 30 plus converted an emote pack to Trillian format .
This pack contains all the emotes from Summer 2015 plus the original Astra emotes .
It can be found here .
Gavin 's pack has all the icons in groups , so the smiley menu works .
Fly8 oy converted one of the emote packs to a format Trillian likes here .
File destination is C : \Program Files ( x86 ) \Trillian \stixe\plugins \
WARNING !!-
When Fly8 oy 's pack is loaded DO NOT click the little smiley above your typing window .
Odds are very high that your computer will splode
Adium
Auto - updated Adium pack .
Instantbird
Based on the SAGF_Summer_2012 , download this theme .
Hit Tools ->
Addons , click the gear box and select Install Addon from File .
Point it to the file you just downloaded .
After you restart , go to Tools -> Options -> Themes ->
Emoticons and select Miro SA - GF Icon Pack from the dropdown .
Gajim
Mynnna converted the latest SAGF pack for pidgen but it does n't work with 0.12 ; it can be found here .
Unzip into Gajim\data\emoticons on Windows or /usr / share / gajim / data / emoticons on Ubuntu , then go to Preferences and select SAGF from the emoticons list on the general tab .
QIP
Download the SAGF emoticon pack and put in с:\program files \QIP Infium \Smiles
Miranda IM
Download the SAGF emoticon pack for Miranda IM ( up to date as of October 2013 ) and extract it in " Miranda IM\smileys \ " folder .
Then select smileys in Customize ->Smileys .
Note that you should have the SmileyAdd plugin installed
This pack is based on the smiley pack for the Pidgin .
Other Clients
You may find SA icon packs for several clients here .
Note that these do not include any GoonFleet - specific icons .
A Hamas commander killed in Dubai played a key role in smuggling Iranian - funded arms to Gaza , Israeli security sources said on Sunday , while refusing to comment on accusations that Israel was behind his death .
Hamas said that Israel ’s Mossad spy agency had assassinated Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in his hotel room on Jan. 20 , a possibility police in the United Arab Emirates did not rule out , though they said they suspected a foreign “ criminal gang ” .
Israel ’s government would not officially comment , but its media were unanimous in linking Mabhouh to the Gaza arms supply .
One Israeli security source said on Sunday Mabhouh had been “ key ” to Hamas efforts to smuggle rockets and other arms into his native Gaza Strip , ruled by the Palestinian Islamist faction and whose borders with Israel and Egypt are under blockade .
“ He was a strategic asset for Hamas when it came to its armament by Iran , ” the source said .
Israel accuses Iran of supplying weapons to Hamas by sea and land routes such as Sudan and Egypt .
Iran calls its support for Hamas diplomatic only .
Hamas officials have declined to say what Mabhouh , who had long lived in the Syrian capital Damascus , was doing in the Gulf or what his role was .
They called him a senior military figure and one Hamas source said he was working right up to his death .
Destroying Hamas ’s rocket arsenal , and securing foreign help in stopping smuggling , were among the declared aims of Israel ’s war on Gaza a year ago .
Egypt has since begun erecting a barrier to block Palestinian smuggler tunnels along its Gaza frontier .
In its first announcement of Mabhouh ’s death on Friday , Hamas officials in Damascus said he had long felt he could be targeted in retaliation for his involvement in the 1989 abduction and killing of two Israeli soldiers .
Mossad is widely believed to have stepped up covert missions against Hamas , Lebanon ’s Hezbollah militia , and Iran ’s nuclear project .
Among killings attributed to Mossad were that of Hezbollah commander Imad Moughniyeh in Damascus two years ago .
“ Shady relationships ”
A former Mossad officer , Ram Yigra , said he had no knowledge of the circumstances of Mabhouh ’s death but suggested the Hamas commander may have fallen foul of arms dealers .
“ In the end of the day , Mr. Mabhouh was into arms smuggling , which means shady relationships , ” he told Israel ’s Army Radio .
“ It ’s certainly reasonable to assume that the one who took him out was one of his various business partners , because such business does not happen without a lot of money being pocketed . ”
A brother of Mabhouh brushed off that theory .
“ He had no problems .
He had no fight .
He was n’t involved in any gang .
He was n’t involved in any crime , ” Fayek al - Mabhouh told the radio station from Gaza .
“ So who had an interest in killing him ?
Israel . ”
Yigra noted the varying accounts of Mabhouh ’s death , which included a UAE newspaper report that he had been tortured by his killers , Palestinian poisoning allegations and a suggestion by Hamas official Mahmoud al - Zahar that the assassins accompanied an Israeli cabinet minister who visited Abu Dhabi on Jan. 15 - 17 .
The UAE does not have a peace treaty with Israel but has hosted Israeli officials and does business with Israeli firms .
Israel rocked relations with Jordan when assassins botched an attempt to poison Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal in Amman in 1997 .
Ex-spy Yigra said Mossad had learned its lessons about the need for discretion :
“ When there can not be foul - ups , then the thing is done quickly — and not in the course of torture and suchlike .
And using visiting politicians ( as cover ) is not done . ”
Palestinians threw rocks and burned tyres in anger Israeli soldiers have clashed with protesters in the West Bank town of Hebron after two disputed shrines were listed as Israeli heritage sites .
Palestinian protesters threw bottles and stones at soldiers who responded with tear gas and stun grenades .
The protesters say the move to list the shrines as heritage sites would restrict Muslims access to them , but this has been denied .
The Hebron shrine is an important site for both Jews and Muslims .
The rioting was the most serious unrest in the area for months , the Associated Press reported .
The Israeli military said one soldier was lightly injured in the clashes .
Restoration plan On Sunday Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the Tomb of the Patriarchs , known to Muslims as the al - Ibrahimi Mosque in Hebron , and the site of Rachel 's tomb in Bethlehem would now be included in a $ 107 m ( £ 69 m ) restoration plan .
Israeli troops broke up the crowd with tear gas and stun grenades About 100 protesters clashed with soldiers , a military spokeswoman said .
Many of the rioters were students from a school in the southern part of the city .
" The occupation has devoted all of its efforts to steal Islamic holy sites in Jerusalem , Hebron and Palestinian cities to change their Arab and Islamic character to prove the country is Jewish , " the Palestinian Mufti Sheikh Muhammad Hussein told the Palestinian Maan news agency .
Jordan condemned what it called Israel 's " provocative " plan to include the sites , saying it would " harm peace efforts " and " anger millions of Muslims around the world " , AFP reported .
The Tomb of the Patriarchs is known to Muslims as the al - Ibrahimi Mosque The UN 's special coordinator for the Middle East peace process , Robert Serry , said he was " concerned " about Israel 's announcement , and called for " restraint and calm " .
The Hebron burial site is where the Bible says Abraham , Isaac and Jacob were buried along with three of their wives .
It has been a flashpoint for decades , with 500 Jewish settlers now living in enclaves near the disputed site , surrounded by 170,000 Palestinians .
The Tomb of Rachel - a shrine to the Biblical matriarch - has also been a source of controversy .
Some Muslims say it is the site of a mosque .
Also , Israel 's West Bank barrier juts far into Bethlehem so that the tomb is located on the Israeli side , ostensibly for security reasons .
However , Palestinians say it impedes their access and represents a land grab illegal under international law .
Close to 500,000
Jews live in more than 100 settlements built since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and Arab East Jerusalem .
The settlements are illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A Republican reality check : Democrats still dominate the nation despite the heavily symbolic victory of Sen. - elect Scott Brown in Massachusetts , according to a Gallup poll that tracked the political leanings of more than 350,000 adults in all 50 states plus the District of Columbia .
“ Despite GOP gains , most states remain blue , ” said Gallup analyst Jeffrey M. Jones .
Overall , 49 percent of Americans identified themselves as Democrats or said they were independent but leaned to the Democratic Party last year , while 41 percent identified as Republicans or were Republican - leaning independents .
Democratic dominance is not what it once was , however .
The party enjoyed a 52 percent to 40 percent advantage over Republicans in 2008 , the year President Obama won the White House with a dramatic campaign that redefined the party ’s image .
Their advantage has now dropped from 12 percentage points to eight .
But they are still winning .
Nationwide , 13 percent declared themselves “ independent , with no lean , ” though that preference can vary widely from state to state , Gallup said .
In Massachusetts , for example , 49 percent of the respondents said they were independents , 35 percent were Democrats and 13 percent were Republicans .
Attention spans are often geared to immediate , high - profile events rather than long - term trends , however .
“ Both political parties , and for that matter many journalists , can overinterpret the day ’s events , the short - term events , ” said Jim Gomes , director of the Mosakowski Institute of Public Enterprise at Clark University .
Indeed , Mr. Brown ’s victory prompted an avalanche of dramatic headlines and breathless reports from analysts that the young Republican was being groomed for a White House run in 2012 - a notion he shrugs off for the most part .
“ I do n’t even have a business card .
I have n’t even been sworn in .
I do n’t have any exploratory committees started .
I do n’t have anything , ” Mr. Brown told ABC News on Sunday .
Voter behaviors do not necessarily match the hype of the press and political handlers .
“ The American people did n’t swing wildly to the left between 2004 - 2008 .
And they did n’t swing wildly last year either .
Americans are very pragmatic .
Whether it ’s a Democratic label or Republican label before them , when they see someone effectively addressing their major concerns of the day , then they will lean that way , ” Mr. Gomes said .
As a point of contrast , a disconnect still exists between ideology and political preference , according to Gallup findings released Jan 7 .
Republicans are seeking to hit their stride as the midterm elections looms .
Conservatives have already won the race , the pollster found .
“ Conservatives finish 2009 as the No. 1 ideological group , ” the analysis said .
“ Final year - end political ideology figures confirm : conservatives ( 40 percent ) outnumbered both moderates ( 36 percent ) and liberals ( 21 percent ) across the nation in 2009 . ”
Meanwhile , Gallup has identified the most partisan spots in the nation .
At 78 percent Democratic or leaning that way , the District leads the list for that party ; at 58 percent Democratic , Maryland is the most Democratic state .
The most Republican state is Wyoming at 54 percent , followed by Utah at 52 percent .
In total , 23 states plus the District can be classified as “ solidly Democratic , ” an additional 10 states are Democratic leaning , Gallup said .
Four states are “ solidly Republican , ” with 12 states “ competitive . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
On May 19th , 2005 , NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit captured this stunning view as the Sun sank below the rim of Gusev crater on Mars .
This Panoramic Camera ( Pancam ) mosaic was taken around 6:07 in the evening of the rover 's 489th martian day , or sol .
Spirit was commanded to stay awake briefly after sending that sol's data to the Mars Odyssey orbiter just before sunset .
This small panorama of the western sky was obtained using Pancam 's 750 - nanometer , 530 - nanometer and 430 - nanometer color filters .
This filter combination allows false color images to be generated that are similar to what a human would see , but with the colors slightly exaggerated .
In this image , the bluish glow in the sky above the Sun would be visible to us if we were there , but an artifact of the Pancam 's infrared imaging capabilities is that with this filter combination the redness of the sky farther from the sunset is exaggerated compared to the daytime colors of the martian sky .
Because Mars is farther from the Sun than the Earth is , the Sun appears only about two - thirds the size that it appears in a sunset seen from the Earth .
The terrain in the foreground is the rock outcrop " Jibsheet , " a feature that Spirit has been investigating for several weeks ( rover tracks are dimly visible leading up to " Jibsheet " ) .
The floor of Gusev crater is visible in the distance , and the Sun is setting behind the wall of Gusev some 80 km ( 50 miles ) in the distance .
This mosaic is yet another example from MER of a beautiful , sublime martian scene that also captures some important scientific information .
Specifically , sunset and twilight images are occasionally acquired by the science team to determine how high into the atmosphere the martian dust extends , and to look for dust or ice clouds .
Other images have shown that the twilight glow remains visible , but increasingly fainter , for up to two hours before sunrise or after sunset .
The long martian twilight ( compared to Earth 's ) is caused by sunlight scattered around to the night side of the planet by abundant high altitude dust .
Similar long twilights or extra-colorful sunrises and sunsets sometimes occur on Earth when tiny dust grains that are erupted from powerful volcanoes scatter light high in the atmosphere .
PRINCETON , NJ --
On a state - by - state basis , U.S. adults ' average satisfaction in 2009 with their own standard of living -- that is , " all the things you can buy and do " -- fell in a fairly narrow range , from 82.3 % in North Dakota at the high end to 69 % in Nevada at the low end .
" Satisfaction in Mississippi , Delaware , and North Dakota increased by more than five percentage points between 2008 and 2009 , and in Connecticut , Maine , and New York it increased by more than four points . "
Geographically , the states that were home to residents with the highest levels of satisfaction with their standard of living ( 77 % or greater ) in 2009 are concentrated in the Midwest and Rocky Mountain regions , plus Alaska , Hawaii , and Virginia .
Of the four least satisfied ( all with satisfaction scores below 71 % ) , two are in the ailing Rust Belt ( Ohio and Michigan ) ; the others are economically troubled Nevada and Rhode Island .
The 2009 satisfaction results are based on combined data for Gallup Daily tracking from Jan. 2 through Dec. 30 , 2009 , including more than 350,000 interviews for the entire year .
The state sample sizes range from 632 in the District of Columbia and 878 in Wyoming to 37,203 in California .
Forty - one states had more than 2,000 respondents .
Several states showed a small , but statistically meaningful , improvement in satisfaction with their standard of living in the past year .
Satisfaction in Mississippi , Delaware , and North Dakota increased by more than five percentage points between 2008 and 2009 , and in Connecticut , Maine , and New York it increased by more than four points .
Overall , 31 states showed an increase in satisfaction of at least one percentage point between 2008 and 2009 , whereas 5 showed a decrease of at least one point ( the greatest decrease , Hawaii's , was less than four points . )
The remaining 14 states plus the District of Columbia changed by less than one point .
Standard of Living Reviews Don't Entirely Match Economic Confidence
The public 's broad satisfaction with its standard of living in 2009 contrasts with state residents ' uniformly pessimistic views of national economic conditions ( ranging from - 16 to - 47 ) .
In terms of rankings , there is a fair amount of consistency between states whose residents hold the most positive perceptions of their standard of living and states with the least negative perceptions of the economy .
The reverse is also true -- those highly negative ( or less positive ) on one measure tend to be among the most negative on the other .
However , there are several major exceptions to this .
Two of the states reporting the highest levels of satisfaction with their standard of living -- Montana ( 78.0 % ) and Idaho ( 77.6 % ) -- had among the least positive outlooks on the U.S. economy last year ( with Gallup Economic Confidence Index values of - 38 and - 42 , respectively ) .
Conversely , South Carolina ( 71.4 % ) and Georgia ( 71.0 % ) were among the least satisfied with their standard of living , but registered about average levels of economic confidence .
Additionally , Hawaii , Wyoming , Maine , Pennsylvania , and Arizona all rank much higher among the states according to satisfaction with standard of living than they do on the basis of economic confidence .
Mississippi , New Jersey , New York , Louisiana , the District of Columbia , and North Carolina all rank significantly lower on satisfaction with standard of living than they do on economic confidence .
Bottom Line
Despite the many serious economic problems facing the country in 2009 -- and consumers ' resulting pessimism about the economy -- the great majority of residents of every state were upbeat about their own standard of living last year .
This still left nearly 30 % of Americans dissatisfied in many states , highlighting the clear need for improvement .
However , in most states the 2009 readings were slightly improved over 2008 .
Gallup 's " State of the States " series reveals state - by - state differences on political , economic , and wellbeing measures Gallup tracks each day .
New stories will be released throughout the month of February .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 353,848 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Jan. 2 - Dec. 30 , 2009 , as part of Gallup Daily tracking .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±1 percentage point .
The margin of error for most states is ± 2 percentage points , but is as high as ±5 percentage points for the District of Columbia .
For the most populous states , the margin of error is ±1 percentage point .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones and cellular phones .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Edward Abbey is a hero to many modern - day environmentalists :
He ’s a font of aphoristic wisdom , a forebear to lots of front - line activists , and a spiritual mentor to lovers of the desert West .
But was he also a sexist and a racist ?
In the July - August issue of the radical environmental journal Earth First , a writer dubbed S@sh@ ( EF writers often use pseudonyms ) answers soundly in the affirmative :
One quick look at Edward Abbey ’s Monkey Wrench Gang exposes the racism and sexism that poisoned the movement throughout the 1980s .
Its transparently patriarchal depictions of gender stereotypes show up throughout the book and are even more pervasive in Abbey ’s disturbing diary , Confessions of a Barbarian .
Even if you are n’t as incensed as S@sh@ is by Abbey ’s use of gender pronouns , and even if you do n’t buy her outrageous claim that Abbey ’s patriarchy basically killed him , it ’s harder to argue with her case on his racism .
She quotes piecemeal from an Abbey passage in Confessions , but in the interest of letting ol ’
Ed speak for himself , here ’s the whole eyebrow - raising section , which it must be noted was written in 1963 , in the midst of the civil rights movement :
According to the morning newspaper , the population of America will reach 267 million by 2000 AD .
An increase of forty million , or about one - sixth , in only seventeen years !
And the racial composition of the population will also change considerably : the white birth rate is about sixty per thousand females , the Negro rate eighty - three per thousand , and the Hispanic rate ninety - six per thousand .
Am I a racist ?
I guess I am .
I certainly do not wish to live in a society dominated by blacks , or Mexicans , or Orientals .
Look at Africa , at Mexico , at Asia .
- Advertisement -
Garrett Hardin [ the author of Tragedy of the Commons ] compares our situation to an overcrowded lifeboat in a sea of drowning bodies .
If we take more aboard , the boat will be swamped and we ’ll all go under .
Militarize our borders .
The lifeboat is listing .
United States and Taliban officials met secretly in Frankfurt almost a year before the September 11 attacks to discuss terms for the Afghans to hand over Osama bin Laden , according to a German television documentary .
No agreement was reached and no further negotiations took place before the suicide hijackings in 2001 , which bin Laden subsequently hailed in a videotape as the work of his Al Qaeda network .
ZDF television quoted Kabir Mohabbat , an Afghan - American businessman , as saying he tried to broker a deal between the Americans and the purist Islamic Taliban rulers of Afghanistan , who were sheltering bin Laden .
He quoted Taliban foreign minister Mullah Wakil Ahmed Mutawakil as saying : " You can have him whenever the Americans are ready .
Name us a country and we will extradite him " .
A German member of the European Parliament , Elmar Brok , confirmed that he had helped Mr Mohabbat in 1999 to establish initial contact with the Americans .
" I was told [ by Mohabbat ] that the Taliban had certain ideas about handing over bin Laden , not to the United States but to a third country or to the Court of Justice in The Hague , " Mr Brok said .
" The message was : ' There is willingness to talk about handing over bin Laden ' , and the aim of the Taliban was clearly to win the recognition of the American Government and the lifting of the boycott , " he said , referring to the international isolation of the Taliban .
Mr Brok said he was not in a position to judge how credible the offer was but he passed it to the US ambassador to Germany , John Kornblum .
He said Mr Mohabbat was then summoned to Washington to be interviewed by US officials .
This led in turn to the German meeting , which ZDF said took place between Taliban ministers and US officials in a Frankfurt hotel in November 2000 .
The documentary , broadcast on Thursday evening , said the Afghans put forward " several offers " and there was talk of holding further negotiations at the US embassy in Pakistan on where and when bin Laden would be handed over .
In fact , no more talks took place before September 11 .
But negotiations did resume five days after the attacks , in the Pakistani city of Quetta , ZDF said .
This meeting has been previously reported in US media .
Mr Mohabbat said the Americans pressed in Quetta for the handover of bin Laden within 24 hours , but the Taliban were unable to meet that demand .
Within weeks , US - led forces intervened in Afghanistan to drive the Taliban from power and kill , capture or disperse Al Qaeda fighters based in Afghan training camps .
Bin Laden still has not been captured .
Mr Brok said he had not personally taken part in either of the reported meetings between the Taliban and the United States but believed there had been a " political decision " not to pursue negotiations after the one in Frankfurt .
He told ZDF : " I have to say that I consider this offer [ on bin Laden 's handover ] very much more seriously with hindsight than I did at the time " .
-- Reuters
Let me introduce you to the best way to do your @font - face definitions :
1 2 3 4 @font - face { font - family : ' Graublau Web ' ; src : url ( ' GraublauWeb.eot ? ' ) format ( ' eot ' ) , url ( ' GraublauWeb.woff ' ) format ( ' woff ' ) , url ( ' GraublauWeb.ttf ' ) format ( ' truetype ' ) ; }
This is the Fontspring @font - face syntax .
I ’ll circle back to why this is the best possible solution but let ’s first review the other techniques ’ weaknesses .
Of course , the problem at the center of this is that IE needs an .eot font , and the other browsers must take a .ttf or .otf .
Okay , let ’s see what we got here …
Conditional comments ( via )
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 <!-- @font - face{ font - family :' Graublau Web ' ; src : url ( ' GraublauWeb.otf ' ) format ( ' opentype ' ) ; } --> <!--[ if IE ] > < mce:style type =" text /css " media= " screen " ><!
@font - face{ font - family :' Graublau Web ' ; src : url ( ' GraublauWeb.eot ' ) ; } -->
Ugh .
Seriously ?
We ’d have to drop that in every html file or have unique iefonts.css files .
No fun .
Also , ugly .
Double declarations ( via )
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 @font - face { font - family : ' Graublau Web ' ; src : url ( ' GraublauWeb.eot ' ) ; /* here you go , IE */ } @font - face { font - family : ' Graublau Web ' ; src : url ( ' GraublauWeb.otf ' ) ; /* everyone else take this */ }
The problem here is that , as Andrea points out , IE will actually download the .otf file .
We ca n’t have extra HTTP connections , so this is typically the solution :
1 2 3 4 @font - face { font - family : ' Graublau Web ' ; src url ( ' GraublauWeb.otf ' ) format ( ' opentype ' ) ; /* IE no comprende format ( ) ! */ }
Because after all , IE does n’t understand the format hint , right ?
It ’s true .
But what really happens is that IE does a request for this filename :
GraublauWeb.otf ’) %20 format( ‘ opentype
Oops , looks like someone forgot a ? in their regular expression !
But hey , a 404 is a lot better than grabbing a file that ’s 20 - 100k .
Let ’s kill that 404 :
Mo’ Bulletproofer ( via )
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 @font - face { font - family : ' Graublau Web ' ; src : url ( ' GraublauWeb.eot ' ) ; /* here you go , IE */ } @font - face { font - family : ' Graublau Web ' ; src : url ( //:) format ( ' no404 ' ) , url ( ' GraublauWeb.otf ' ) format ( ' opentype ' ) ; /* tricky ! */ }
Richard Fink proposed this alternate syntax actually as a response to this post , but I ’ve included it back here .
The trick is to use url ( // : ) , to prevent IE from 404 ’ing on the ttf / otf file .
In his article he lists a few reasons why he prefers the semantics of this alternative .
I understand the argument , but I do n’t like repeating myself , so I ’m gonna keep trucking :
The local reference
1 2 3 4 5 @font - face { font - family : ' Graublau Web ' ; src : url ( GraublauWeb .eot ) ; src : local ( ' Graublau Web Regular ' ) , url ( GraublauWeb .otf ) format ( ' opentype ' ) ; }
Much more concise and clean .
Here , non-IE browsers skip any .eot file and move on .
IE will try to parse the second src value , but it ca n’t understand the local ( ) location nor the multiple locations , so it resorts to the EOT instead .
Worth noting that IE will always dive to the last src:url ( ) value to start , so this wo n’t work .
1 2 src : url ( GraublauWeb .eot ) ; src : url ( GraublauWeb .otf ) ; /*
Yeah IE will only try this one . :( */
The other benefit .. if it just so happens that a user actually has your custom font installed , this ’ll save them the download .
The one catch is that Safari on OS X will use only the Postscript name instead of the full font name ; so when they differ , include both names :
Bulletproof @font-face
1 2 3 4 5 6 @font - face { font - family : ' Graublau Web ' ; src : url ( ' GraublauWeb.eot ' ) ; src : local ( ' Graublau Web Regular ' ) , local ( ' Graublau Web ' ) , url ( ' GraublauWeb.otf ' ) format ( ' opentype ' ) ; }
Bulletproof @font- face : Smiley variation
1 2 3 4 5 6 @font - face { font - family : ' Graublau Web ' ; src : url ( ' GraublauWeb.eot ' ) ; src : local ( ' ☺︎ ' ) , url ( ' GraublauWeb.otf ' ) format ( ' opentype ' ) ; }
Added 2010.02.04 :
There has been concern over specifying local font names .
The primary reason is that you cede control to the user ’s machine , potentially showing a locally installed font instead of the one you want to serve .
While that will load faster , there ’s a very small chance the file could be wrong .
To account for this gotcha , I ’ve specified a local font name of ☺︎ .
Yes , it ’s a smiley face .
The OpenType spec indicates any two - byte unicode characters wo n’t work in a font name on Mac at all , so that lessens the likelihood that someone actually released a font with such a name .
This technique is recommended if you think a locally installed version of this font is not in your best interest .
Added 2010.05.05 : The smiley variation is my new recommendation .
←
Click through to read why .
The Fontspring @font - face syntax
Ethan ( the same guy behind Font Squirrel ) , figured out a trick to make it work everywhere ( including IE6 , Android , iOS ) including all the bugs the above tricks work around ..
It ’s called the Fontspring @font - face syntax .
It goes a little something like this :
1 2 3 4 @font - face { font - family : ' Graublau Web ' ; src : url ( ' GraublauWeb.eot ? ' ) format ( ' eot ' ) , url ( ' GraublauWeb.woff ' ) format ( ' woff ' ) , url ( ' GraublauWeb.ttf ' ) format ( ' truetype ' ) ; }
Remember that 404 problem from above ?
The question mark solves that .
That ’s about it .
Also worth noting , the correct format type for an .eot is ‘ embedded - opentype ’ .
But if you change it to anything invalid , IE9 will prioritize the WOFF file above the EOT , which is good !
So we use ‘ eot ’.. but this could just as easily be ‘ ie9 - give - me - the - woff - instead ’ .
Demo
I ’ve added a test page with a few syntax variants here for crossbrowser testing
Additional notes and gotchas :
SVG ?
WOFF ?
Since Google Chrome wo n’t have typical @font - face support until version 4 , we can snag it early by serving it SVG fonts .
WOFF is a new format that is officially supported in Firefox 3.6
Can we integrate those into this syntax ?
Definitely .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 @font - face { font - family : ' Graublau Web ' ; src : url ( ' GraublauWeb.eot ' ) ; src : local ( ' ☺︎ ' ) , url ( " GraublauWeb.woff " ) format ( " woff " ) , url ( " GraublauWeb.otf " ) format ( " opentype " ) , url ( " GraublauWeb.svg#grablau " ) format ( " svg " ) ; }
The order of those is deliberate and discussed in the comments here .
Hat tip to Snook for being the first to drag SVG into the party .
Font Squirrel and Nice Web
Type have also been very thoughtful in their work .
Android :/
Bulletproof smiley does n’t work in Android 2.2-2.3 ( which supports @font - face , but not the local ( ) definition ) .
Personally , I ’m okay with that because I do n’t want to wait another 5 seconds for 100 kb of fonts to load before I actually see text ( thanks webkit FOUT bug ) .
But hey , some people might prefer webfonts over quick loads .. and for you , there is a pretty okay fix to that :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 @font - face { font - family : ' Graublau Web ' ; src : url ( ' GraublauWeb.eot ' ) ; src : local ( ' ☺︎ ' ) , url ( " GraublauWeb.woff " ) format ( " woff " ) , url ( " GraublauWeb.otf " ) format ( " opentype " ) , url ( " GraublauWeb.svg#grablau " ) format ( " svg " ) ; } @media screen and ( max - device - width : 480 px ) { @font - face { font - family : " Graublau Web " ; src : url ( " GraublauWeb.woff " ) format ( " woff " ) , url ( " GraublauWeb.otf " ) format ( " opentype " ) , url ( " GraublauWeb.svg#grablau " ) format ( " svg " ) ; }}
For mobile we redeclare the @font - face declaration without the local ( ) guy .
We ’ll also give it the woff , opentype and svg , even though no mobile devices support WOFF so far .
Also for this media query to succeed in Android Webkit , you ’re gonna want a viewport meta tag .
1 < meta name= " viewport " content= " width=device - width , initial - scale=1.0 " >
That ’ll do . :)
I ’m confused and lazy .
Help ?
Want to absorb the benefits of this article instantly ?
Use Font Squirrel ’s awesome @font - face generator .
It does all of this for you , and more .
If you ’re less lazy , read through Nice Web Type ’s How To for all the deets .
Scientists have for the first time found powerful evidence that genius may be linked with madness .
Speculation that the two may be related dates back millennia , and can be found in the writings of Aristotle , Plato and Socrates .
Aristotle once claimed that " there is no great genius without a mixture of madness " , but the scientific evidence for an association has been weak – until now .
A study of more than 700,000 adults showed that those who scored top grades at school were four times more likely to develop bipolar disorder than those with average grades .
The link was strongest among those who studied music or literature , the two disciplines in which genius and madness are most often linked in historical records .
The study was conducted by researchers from the Institute of Psychiatry , King 's College London , with colleagues from the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm , Sweden .
Bipolar disorder , also known as manic depression , affects about 1 per cent of the population and is characterised by swings in mood from elation ( mania ) to depression .
During the manic phase there can be feelings of inflated self - esteem , verging on grandiosity , racing thoughts , restlessness and insomnia .
The 19th - century author Edgar Allen Poe , who is thought to have suffered from manic depression , once wrote : " Men have called me mad , but the question is not yet settled whether madness is or is not the loftiest intelligence ... "
In recent years psychoanalysts , psychiatrists and psychologists have argued that genius and madness are linked to underlying degenerative neurological disorders .
The problem has been that both genius and severe mental illness are rare , and high intelligence or achievement is subjectively defined .
Claims about the link have been based on historical studies of creative individuals which are highly selective , subject to bias and rely on retrospective assessments of their mental state .
The study , led by James MacCabe , a senior lecturer in psychiatric epidemiology at the Institute of Psychiatry , compared the final school exam grades of all Swedish pupils aged 15 - 16 from 1988 to 1997 , with hospital records showing admissions for bipolar disorder up to age 31 .
The fourfold increased risk of the condition for pupils with excellent exam results remained after researchers controlled for parental education or income .
The findings are published in the British Journal of Psychiatry .
They suggest that mania may improve intellectual and academic performance , accounting for the link with " genius " .
People with mild mania are often witty and inventive , appearing to have " enhanced access to vocabulary , memory and other cognitive resources " .
They tend to have exaggerated emotional responses which may " facilitate their talent in art , literature or music " .
In a manic state individuals have " extraordinary levels of stamina and a tireless capacity for sustained concentration " .
Dr MacCabe said : " We found that achieving an A - grade is associated with increased risk for bipolar disorder , particularly in humanities and , to a lesser extent , in science subjects .
A - grades in Swedish and music had particularly strong associations , supporting the literature which consistently finds associations between linguistic and musical creativity and bipolar disorder . "
School pupils with low exam grades also had an increased risk of developing bipolar disorder later in life .
The researchers suggest there may be two distinct groups of people with the condition – high achievers , in whom mania raises their game – and low achievers , especially those with low scores in sport and handicrafts indicating poor motor skills , who may have " subtle neurodevelopmental abnormalities " .
The link was stronger in men than in women , but the difference was not statistically significant , Dr MacCabe said : " Although having A - grades increases your chance of bipolar disorder in later life , we should remember that the majority of people with A - grades enjoy good mental health . "
Tortured talents : Suspected sufferers
Vincent Van Gogh
Throughout his life , the artist showed signs of mental instability .
Various biographies describe him as suffering from epilepsy , depression , psychotic attacks , delusions , and bipolar disorder .
In December 1888 , he experienced a psychotic episode in which he threatened the life of Gauguin , his fellow artist and a personal friend , and cut off a piece of his own left ear before offering it as a gift to a prostitute .
Sylvia Plath
The poet handled very painful and intense subjects such as suicide , self - loathing , shock treatment and dysfunctional relationships .
Since the day she died – by thrusting her head into a gas oven – readers and scholars have tried to unlock the enigma of her suicide .
Her unabridged journals lend credence to the theory that she suffered from mental illness ( probably bipolar disorder ) .
Stephen Fry
Fry spoke about his disorder in the BBC 2 documentary The Secret Life of the Manic Depressive .
" It 's infuriating I know , but I do get a huge buzz out of the manic side .
I rely on it to give my life a sense of adventure , and I think most of the good about me has developed as a result of my mood swings .
It 's tormented me all my life with the deepest of depressions , while giving me the energy and creativity that perhaps has made my career . "
Sting
In a May 1996 interview with Live ! magazine , Sting was quoted as saying : " During that period with The Police , I was suicidal .
My first marriage and my relationship with the other members of the band was collapsing .
I was manic - depressive ... I was out to lunch . "
However , it is unclear whether he was genuinely bipolar or using the term manic depressive as a figure of speech .
Virginia Woolf
Of the festivals of nonsense that periodically overtake American politics , surely the silliest is the argument that because Washington is having a particularly snowy winter it proves that climate change is a hoax and , therefore , we need not bother with all this girly - man stuff like renewable energy , solar panels and carbon taxes .
Just drill , baby , drill .
When you see lawmakers like Senator Jim DeMint of South Carolina tweeting that “ it is going to keep snowing until Al Gore cries ‘ uncle , ’ ” or news that the grandchildren of Senator James Inhofe of Oklahoma are building an igloo next to the Capitol with a big sign that says “ Al Gore ’s New Home , ” you really wonder if we can have a serious discussion about the climate - energy issue anymore .
The climate - science community is not blameless .
It knew it was up against formidable forces  from the oil and coal companies that finance the studies skeptical of climate change to conservatives who hate anything that will lead to more government regulations to the Chamber of Commerce that will resist any energy taxes .
Therefore , climate experts can’t leave themselves vulnerable by citing non-peer - reviewed research or failing to respond to legitimate questions , some of which happened with both the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia and the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
Although there remains a mountain of research from multiple institutions about the reality of climate change , the public has grown uneasy .
What ’s real ?
In my view , the climate - science community should convene its top experts  from places like NASA , America ’s national laboratories , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Stanford , the California Institute of Technology and the U.K.
Met Office Hadley Centre  and produce a simple 50 - page report .
They could call it “ What We Know , ” summarizing everything we already know about climate change in language that a sixth grader could understand , with unimpeachable peer - reviewed footnotes .
Physicists at the CERN research center collided sub-atomic particles in the Large Hadron Collider on Tuesday at the highest speeds ever achieved .
“ It ’s a great day to be a particle physicist , ” said CERN Director General Rolf Heuer .
“ A lot of people have waited a long time for this moment , but their patience and dedication is starting to pay dividends . ”
Already , the instruments in the LHC have recorded thousands of events , and at this writing , the LHC has had more than an hour of stable and colliding beams .
This is an attempt to create mini-versions of the Big Bang that led to the birth of the universe 13.7 billion years ago , providing new insights into the nature and evolution of matter in the early Universe .
Beams collided at 7 TeV in the LHC at 13:06 CEST .
This marks the first long run at an energy three and a half times higher than previously achieved at a particle accelerator .
“ With these record - shattering collision energies , the LHC experiments are propelled into a vast region to explore , and the hunt begins for dark matter , new forces , new dimensions and the Higgs boson , ” said ATLAS CERN collaboration spokesperson , Fabiola Gianotti .
“ The fact that the experiments have published papers already on the basis of last year ’s data bodes very well for this first physics run . ”
Scientists say the first results from this high collision rate may be published within a few months , more likely by the end of 2010 .
“ We ’ve all been impressed with the way the LHC has performed so far , ” said Guido Tonelli , spokesperson of the CMS experiment , “ and it ’s particularly gratifying to see how well our particle detectors are working while our physics teams worldwide are already analysing data .
We ’ll address soon some of the major puzzles of modern physics like the origin of mass , the grand unification of forces and the presence of abundant dark matter in the universe .
I expect very exciting times in front of us . ”
CERN will run the LHC for 18 - 24 months with the objective of delivering enough data to the experiments to make significant advances across a wide range of physics channels .
As soon as they have “ re- discovered ” the known Standard Model particles , a necessary precursor to looking for new physics , the LHC experiments will start the systematic search for the Higgs boson .
With the amount of data expected , called one inverse femtobarn by physicists , the combined analysis of ATLAS and CMS will be able to explore a wide mass range , and there ’s even a chance of discovery if the Higgs has a mass near 160 GeV .
If it ’s much lighter or very heavy , it will be harder to find in this first LHC run .
For supersymmetry , ATLAS and CMS will each have enough data to double today ’s sensitivity to certain new discoveries .
Experiments today are sensitive to some supersymmetric particles with masses up to 400 GeV .
An inverse femtobarn at the LHC pushes the discovery range up to 800 GeV .
“ The LHC has a real chance over the next two years of discovering supersymmetric particles , ” explained Heuer , “ and possibly giving insights into the composition of about a quarter of the Universe . ”
Even at the more exotic end of the LHC ’s potential discovery spectrum , this LHC run will extend the current reach by a factor of two .
LHC experiments will be sensitive to new massive particles indicating the presence of extra dimensions up to masses of 2 TeV , where today ’s reach is around 1 TeV .
Following this run , the LHC will shutdown for routine maintenance , and to complete the repairs and consolidation work needed to reach the LHC ’s design energy of 14 TeV following the incident of 19 September 2008 .
Traditionally , CERN has operated its accelerators on an annual cycle , running for seven to eight months with a four to five month shutdown each year .
Being a cryogenic machine operating at very low temperature , the LHC takes about a month to bring up to room temperature and another month to cool down .
A four - month shutdown as part of an annual cycle no longer makes sense for such a machine , so CERN has decided to move to a longer cycle with longer periods of operation accompanied by longer shutdown periods when needed .
“ Two years of continuous running is a tall order both for the LHC operators and the experiments , but it will be well worth the effort , ” said Heuer .
“ By starting with a long run and concentrating preparations for 14 TeV collisions into a single shutdown , we ’re increasing the overall running time over the next three years , making up for lost time and giving the experiments the chance to make their mark . ”
Source : CERN
BANGKOK  Stateless refugees from Myanmar are suffering beatings and deportation in Bangladesh , according to aid workers and rights groups who say thousands are crowding into a squalid camp where they face starvation and disease .
In a campaign that seems to have accelerated since October , the groups say , ethnic Rohingya refugees who have been living for years in Bangladesh are being seized , beaten and forced back to Myanmar , which they had left to escape persecution and abuse and which does not want them .
“ Over the last few months we have treated victims of violence , people who claim to have been beaten by the police , claim to have been beaten by members of the host population , by people they ’ve been living next to for many years , ” said Paul Critchley , who runs the Bangladesh program for the aid group Médecins Sans Frontières , also known as Doctors Without Borders .
“ We have treated patients for beatings , for machete wounds and for rape , ” he said , quoting a report issued Thursday that describes the situation as a humanitarian crisis .
Some had escaped after being forced into a river that forms the border with Myanmar , formerly Burma .
“ This is continuing today . ”
You bet ( Image : Frederick M. Brown / Getty )
STEPHEN HAWKING is something of a gambler when it comes to physics , placing bets on everything from the action of black holes to the discovery of gravitational waves .
The bad news for Hawking is that a touch of “ quantum smearing ” could significantly lower his chances of winning his latest wager .
In 2002 , Hawking bet his University of Cambridge colleague Neil Turok that cosmologists would soon discover primordial gravitational waves and so verify the theory of inflation .
Our universe is thought to have undergone inflation – a period of exponential expansion – a fraction …
Published online 16 March 2010 | Nature 464 , 332-333 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/464332b
News
Omission of females is skewing results .
Diseases such as depression can disproportionately affect women .
M. Constantini / Ès Photography / Corbis
The typical patient with chronic pain is a 55 - year - old woman — the typical chronic - pain study subject is an 8 - week - old male mouse .
To pain researcher Jeffrey Mogil at McGill University in Montreal , Canada , that discrepancy is a telling example of the problem that he and other neuroscientists discussed last week at a workshop held in San Francisco , California : the serious under- representation of females in biomedical studies .
The lack of female participation , which extends from basic research in animals to clinical trials in humans , has obvious consequences for women , not least a paucity of effective drug treatments for diseases that predominantly affect them .
But it also affects men , for example when drug candidates fail to get regulatory approval because they do n't work in women in late - stage clinical trials , or have severe side effects in women that are not seen in men .
Such failures might be spotted earlier if more preclinical work was done in female model animals , according to researchers at the Workshop on Sex Differences and Implications for Translational Neuroscience Research , convened on 8 –9 March by the US Institute of Medicine 's Forum on Neuroscience and Nervous System Disorders .
" This is an issue of enormous importance , " says biologist Irving Zucker at the University of California , Berkeley .
" In a number of disciplines , researchers simply do n't study females , and there is so much evidence for sex differences at all levels of biological organization that to only study males , and assume the results apply to females , is just wrong . "
Many diseases disproportionately affect one sex : chronic pain , depression and autoimmune disease , for instance , more often affect women , with addiction and cardiovascular disease disproportionately affecting men .
The NIH Revitalization
Act of 1993 attempted to take account of this by requiring clinical trials funded by the National Institutes of Health to include adequate numbers of women to detect differing treatment effects .
The US Government Accountability Office reported in 2000 that participation of women in NIH - funded trials had increased substantially ( see www.gao.gov/archive/2000/he00096.pdf).
The following year , it noted similar progress in late - stage drug trials overseen by the Food and Drug Administration ( see www.gao.gov/new.items/d01754.pdf).
“ To only study males , and assume the results apply to females , is just wrong . ”
But data from clinical trials are often not analysed separately on the basis of sex .
Such analyses could reveal whether a drug has different adverse effects in men and women , for example .
And the accountability office also noted in 2001 that although women made up more than half of full - scale safety and efficacy trials , they formed just 22 % of the participants in initial , small - scale safety studies .
Back at the bench , lab animals are still predominantly male , even in studies of diseases that disproportionately affect women .
Investigators tend to prefer male animals because it is thought that females might introduce variability through factors such as their oestrous cycles .
But Mogil has reported that in common tests used to measure responses to pain , data from female mice are no more variable than those from males ( J. S. Mogil and M. L. Chanda Pain 117 , 1 –5 ; 2005 ) .
The problem is particularly acute in neuroscience , in which the ratio of male - to female - only studies is 5.5 to 1 .
But under - representation of females occurs in most fields of basic research , according to an unpublished analysis by Zucker and postdoctoral researcher Annaliese Beery .
They investigated the use of female and male animals in research published during 2009 in 10 fields across 42 journals .
They found that studies in eight of the fields used only male animals more often than only females , and that the data were often not analysed by sex .
In two journals that the researchers investigated back to 1909 , the proportion of animal studies using only males had actually grown since the early twentieth century .
The authors speculate that this is because oestrous cycles in guinea pigs , rats and mice were first clearly characterized only in the 1920s .
Researchers such as Karen Berkley of Florida State University in Tallahassee have been trying to boost female representation for decades , and Berkley feels that some progress has been made , citing , for example , the launch of an online journal in the field , Biology of Sex Differences , and an overall growth in research on sex differences .
ADVERTISEMENT
But at the workshop , Berkley and other scientists agreed that further steps were needed to address the problem .
Many endorsed the idea that journals should require their authors to report the sex of animals used in the research .
The London - based National Centre for the Replacement , Refinement and Reduction of Animals in Research is developing a set of research reporting guidelines that will call for authors to disclose the sex of animals .
Seán Murphy , chief editor of the Journal of Neurochemistry , says that there is " interest " in the guidelines among journal editors at its publisher , Wiley - Blackwell .
Researchers at the workshop said that funding agencies , too , could ask grant applicants to specify the sex of the animals they propose studying and justify their decision whenever they chose only male animals .
Funders could also change the status quo , the researchers claimed , by supporting more work on sex differences , although the NIH would not comment on whether this was under consideration .
A visitor to Ripley 's Believe It or Not in New York pinches the cheek of a portrait of US President Obama made of gumballs .
The six - by - six foot portrait , made of 12,784 gumballs , is the creation of artist Franz Spohn with the help of school children
Credit : AFP / GETTY
Homeopathic remedies work no better than placebos , and so should no longer be paid for by the UK National Health Service , a committee of British members of parliament has concluded .
The House of Commons Science and Technology Committee , which released its report on homeopathy on Monday , also urges governments in other European countries where homeopathy is popular – notably Germany , France and Austria – to be equally wary of funding homeopathy .
“ We feel there ’s a real message , not just in the UK , ” says committee chairman and Liberal Democrat MP Phil Willis .
In preparing its report , the committee , which scrutinises the evidence behind government policies , took evidence from scientists and homeopaths , and reviewed numerous reports and scientific investigations into homeopathy .
It found no evidence that such treatments work beyond providing a placebo effect .
Placebo deception
“ We conclude that placebos should not be routinely prescribed on the National Health Service , ” the report says .
It also says homeopathic hospitals should not be funded by the NHS , and NHS doctors should not refer patients to homeopaths .
Currently the NHS funds four homeopathic hospitals .
Advertisement
The committee also says that prescribing of placebos , which have an effect because a patient believes they will , involves a “ degree of patient deception ” and so is “ not consistent with informed patient choice ” .
The committee is also critical of the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency ( MHRA ) and its practice of licensing homeopathic treatments .
This gives the incorrect impression that the evidence of efficacy for homeopathic remedies is as strong as for conventional medicines , the report says .
The committee rejected the MHRA ’s justification for licensing homeopathic remedies – that there is an “ important homeopathic tradition ” to uphold .
“ Witchcraft is traditional , so does that mean the MHRA should endorse that too ? ”
Willis asks .
Sugar pills
Homeopathic medicines are diluted so much that it is extremely unlikely that any active component can possibly be left in the solution .
The committee failed to identify any plausible explanation for how such remedies might work .
The MPs ’ report also criticises the labelling on homeopathic products , which it says fails to inform the public that homeopathic products are “ sugar pills containing no active ingredients ” .
The report draws attention to homeopathic remedies derived from body parts such as hip joints and colons , animals such as iguanas and dragonflies , and even products exposed to different kinds of sunlight .
In the case of remedies derived from fragments of archaeological monuments such as the Great Wall of China and Stonehenge , they point out that it is hard to understand how even homeopathy ’s own principle of “ like cures like ” could apply .
Unknown costs
The MPs say there seems to be no reliable record of how much the NHS spends on homeopathic treatments .
While Mike O’Brien , the minister responsible for the NHS , told the committee that the NHS spends £ 150,000 a year on homeopathic remedies , the UK - based Society of Homeopaths said that the NHS spends £ 4 million annually .
This does not include the running costs of the homeopathic hospitals and the £ 20 million spent on refurbishing the Royal London Homoeopathic Hospital between 2002 and 2005 .
Edzard Ernst of the Peninsula Medical School in Exeter , Devon , UK , a long - standing critic of homeopathic medicine , says the MPs ’ report should be noted in other countries where homeopathy is widely practised but not subjected to serious critical scrutiny .
“ The evidence is negative , and it ’s internationally negative , because there ’s no difference between countries in terms of evidence , ” he says .
In a dig at the Prince of Wales , who is an ardent supporter of homeopathic medicine in the UK , Ernst says : “ Either we are governed by evidence and science , or by Prince Charles . ”
The Prince ’s Foundation for Integrated Health , which backs complementary therapies , including homeopathy , acknowledges that homeopathy is “ scientifically implausible ” , but defends the use of such remedies nonetheless .
“ For patients suffering from long term disease , where no scientific , evidence based medicine can offer effective treatment , it does not matter how it works , ” says the foundation , in a response to the committee ’s report .
“ What matters to them is whether they get better , whether pain and other symptoms are alleviated . ”
Michael Dixon , medical director of the foundation adds : “ Science is a vital tool in healthcare , but so are compassion and caring and treating patients with dignity .
It is not clear that the Committee took that into account . ”
Now , by registering on our forum you get a chance to receive giveaway offers , valuable discounts and other great deals !
There is no obligation to buy anything - just register and contribute to the forum to take advantage of this great opportunity .
Oh , no .
No. No .
This ­cannot be .
They 're ­tearing down 22 Jermyn Street in London .
Much of the block is going .
Bates hat shop , Trumper the barber , Sergios cafe , all vanishing .
Jermyn Street was my street in ­London .
My neighbourhood .
There , on a corner near the Lower Regent Street end , I found a time capsule within which the ­eccentricity and charm of an earlier time was still preserved .
It was called the ­Eyrie ­Mansion .
When I stayed there , I ­considered myself to be living there .
I always wanted to live in London , and this was the closest I ever got .
Many years ago I was in London and unhappily staying in a hotel room so small , they had to store my empty ­luggage elsewhere on the premises .
I could sit on the bed and rest my ­forehead against the wall opposite .
Fed up , I walked out one fine Sunday ­morning to find a better hotel , but not an expensive one .
I recalled that ­Suzanne Craig , a Chicago friend of mine , had once informed me : " If you like London so much , you should stay at the Eyrie Mansion in Jermyn Street . "
" A haunted house ? "
" No , stupid .
Spelled like an eagle 's nest .
And Jermyn is n't spelled like the country , either . "
I took the tube from Russell Square to Piccadilly , and surfaced to find backpackers sprawled on the steps of Eros , still asleep after their Saturday night revels .
One block down Regent and right on Jermyn and I found a small sign over the sidewalk above a ­doorway .
It opened upon a marble corridor pointing me to a man who regarded me from eyes in a scarred face .
The gatekeeper of the Eyrie .
He disappeared and , when I drew abreast , he was behind a wooden counter protecting an old - fashioned switchboard , a thick registration ledger and a wall of pigeonholes .
" How may I help you , sir ? "
" Is this . . . a hotel ? "
" Since 1685 , I believe .
You ­require a room ? "
He had a ­Spanish accent .
" I'd . . . how much are your rates ? "
He consulted a card tacked to the wall .
" For you , sir , £ 35 .
That includes full English breakfast , parlour and ­bedroom , own gas fire and maid .
Bath en suite . "
The rate was a third of what I was paying .
I asked to be shown these quarters .
He locked the street door .
Then we ascended in an open ironwork elevator to an upper floor and I was let into 3A .
A living room had tall old ­windows overlooking Jermyn Street .
Dark antique furniture : a sideboard , a desk , a chest of drawers , a sofa facing the fireplace , two low easy chairs , tall mirrors above the fire and the sideboard .
He used a wooden match to light the gas under artificial logs .
A hall led to a bedroom in which space had been found for two single beds , a bedside table between them , an armoire , a chest , a small vanity table and another gas fireplace .
In the bathroom was enthroned the largest bathtub I had ever seen , even in the movies .
The fixtures were not modern ; the toilet had an overhead tank with a pull - chain .
" This is larger than I expected , " I said .
" How many rooms do you have in all ? "
" Sixteen . "
Of course I took it .
When I 'd moved my luggage in , it was still only 10 o'clock and I rang down for the full English breakfast .
The Spaniard said he would prepare it himself as soon as possible , " because Bob is indisposed " .
He appeared with two fried eggs , a rasher of bacon , orange juice , four slices of toast in an upright warmer , butter , strawberry jam and a pot of tea .
I sat at my table , regarded my fire , poured my tea , turned on Radio 3 and read my Sunday Telegraph .
For 25 years I was to come to Jermyn Street time and again .
Now I can never ­return .
Some obscene ­architectural extrusion will rise upon the sacred land , some eyesore of retail and condos and trendy dining .
Piece by piece , this is how a city dies .
How many cities can spare a hotel built in 1685 , the year James II took the crown ?
I will barely be able to bring myself to return to ­Jermyn Street , which is , shop for shop , the finest street in London .
That first morning I walked down Regent Street to St James 's Park , strolled around the ponds , came up by Prince Charles 's residence , climbed St James 's Street and returned the full length of Jermyn .
I ordered tea .
It consisted of tomato , cucumber and butter sandwiches , which the English are unreasonably fond of ; ham and butter sandwiches , which I am unreasonably fond of with Colman 's English mustard ; and cookies – or , excuse me , biscuits .
I had just settled in my easy chair when a key turned in the lock and a nattily dressed man in his 60s let himself in .
He held a bottle of Teacher 's scotch under his arm .
He walked to the sideboard , took a glass , poured a shot , and while filling it with soda from the siphon , asked me , " Fancy a spot ? "
" I'm afraid I do n't drink , " I said .
" Oh , my . "
This man sat on my sofa , lit a ­cigarette , and said : " I'm Henry . "
" Am I . . . in your room ? "
" Oh , no , no , old boy !
I 'm only the owner .
I dropped in to say hello . "
This was Henry Togna Sr. He ­appears in a Dickens novel I have n't yet read .
I 'm sure of it .
He appeared in my room almost every afternoon when I stayed at the Eyrie Mansion .
It was not difficult to learn his story .
Henry and his wife Doddy lived in the top - floor flat .
He may have been the only man to live all of his life within a block of Piccadilly Circus .
The Mansion was originally purchased in 1915 by his parents , who came from Italy , and Doddy 's parents , who were English .
The two children grew up ­together , married , and fathered Henry Jr , " who keeps his irons in a lot of fires " .
He asked me how I learned of the Eyrie Mansion .
" Oh , yes !
Suzanne .
A lovely girl . "
I was usually in London three times a year : in midwinter , in May after Cannes , and in summer .
Henry was naturally confiding , and cheerfully indiscreet .
That first day he lamented that his assistant , Bob , had gone ­missing when I wanted my breakfast .
" Bob is a great trouble to me , " he said .
" He gets drunk every eighth day .
I have implored him to make out a seven - day schedule and stick to it , but no .
He will not be content unless he is throwing us off . "
" I was well taken care of by the man who checked me in , " I said .
" Poor fellow .
He was a famous jockey in Spain .
His face was burned in a stable fire while he tried to help his horses .
He was one of those handsome Spanish boys .
He was in a movie once by Buñuel .
A film critic like yourself must have heard of him . "
" Oh , I have , " I said .
" I wonder which film ? "
" You 'll never get that out of him , " Henry said .
" Nor will he tell you his real name .
He says he 's hiding out here , working overnights .
He does n't want anyone in Spain to learn where he 's gone . "
I thought of Jermyn Street as ­Ampersand Street .
On Jermyn Street you will find Turnbull & ­Asser , where Saul Bellow bought his shirts and Gene Siskel bought his boxer shorts .
You will find ­Paxton & Whitfield , with its window stacked high with cheeses , and Fortnum & Mason , where you can lunch at the soda fountain or plunge into the food hall .
Down the street a bit are Sims , Reed & Fogg , the antiquarian booksellers .
And , of course , Hilditch & Key , Harvie & Hudson , Crockett & Jones , New & Lingwood – all shirt - sellers .
The street is synonymous with shirts .
Next door to the hotel , there is Bates the hatters , with a big top hat hanging over the sidewalk .
This was one place where you knew for sure you could find a bowler , a deerstalker or a ­collapsible opera topper .
They have had the same cat for 50 years ( although it has been stuffed and with a cigar in its mouth for most of that time ) .
Next to Bates , Trumper the men's ­hairdressers .
I make it a practice to get my hair cut in every city where possible .
Near the Eyrie I went first to ­Georgio's , a one - chair Greek barber shop in a mews off Duke Street .
One day I ­followed the Archbishop of ­Canterbury into his chair .
In the basement of Simpsons , I had my hair cut next to the former prime minister Edward Heath .
Jermyn is that kind of street .
Finally I graduated to Trumper , a magnificent shop of brass and leather , wood and mirrors , and the aroma of hair tonics with exotic spices .
Sometimes in walking about the area , I would happen upon Henry , always dressed to befit Jermyn Street , who knew everyone of any interest , from the maitre d' at Wiltons to the man with the Evening Standard stand behind St James 's Piccadilly .
I never saw Henry in a pub , however , and ­despite the bottle of Teacher 's under his arm , I never saw him tipsy .
One day he invited me to lunch .
We walked over to a cozy , chic French restaurant in a byway near Leicester Square .
Customers waiting in line were ignored as we were seated immediately .
We were shown to our banquette by a handsome French woman of a certain age , whose hand , I observed , lingered longer on his shoulder than one might have expected .
Henry saw me noticing , and his eyes twinkled .
He was much concerned about the future of the Mansion .
" Our landlady is the Queen , " he told me .
" The Crown Estate agents have always tried to keep the lease terms reasonable , but the price of property is making the most alarming advances .
I 've raised my prices as much as I dare .
Henry
Jr wants to take over and make this a ­luxury hotel .
Well , it 's in the blood .
But it frightens me .
What kinds of loans will he have to take out ?
How will he make the payments ? "
He brought Henry Jr around to meet me .
This was a handsome , pleasant man ; friendly , confiding .
He said he hoped to keep the charm of the Eyrie Mansion .
" But at the prices I 'll be forced to charge , the public wo n't stand for this , " he said , regarding the carpets , frayed at the edges , and the furniture somewhat nicked , and staring balefully at the gas fireplace .
As it happened , the gas fire was one of my favorite features .
On jet - lagged winter mornings , before dawn , I 'd awaken to a flat chilly as I liked it , pull on warm clothes , and venture out into the crisp night to walk up to the newsagent on Piccadilly .
I 'd buy the Telegraph , Independent , Guardian and Times , and a large cup of hot coffee from an all - night shop around the corner .
With these I would return to the Mansion , tune in Radio 3 , sit in my low easy chair before the fire , and dream wistfully that such was my life .
Later one winter 's day , I set out to walk across Hyde Park from Kensington Gardens to Hyde Park Corner .
It was raining , but that was fine with me ; I had my Simpsons umbrella .
What I did n't know was that the gates to the park were locked at dusk .
This I discovered on a notice inside the gate I 'd intended to use .
I could see the traffic hurrying past up Serpentine Road from the direction of the Royal Albert ­Memorial .
There were a lot of taxis .
Unfortunately , an iron fence topped with spikes stood between me and the road .
It began raining harder .
I scouted and found a low tree branch that might just allow me to stand atop the railing .
That meant climbing a hill slippery with wet grass .
I failed twice , and became smeared with mud .
Digging in the point of my umbrella , I finally made my way up the hill and on to the limb , then balanced on the fence – but it was a good leap down to the ­sidewalk , and I could easily imagine myself with a sprained ankle .
Or worse : impaled on the fence .
Pedestrians hurried past , apparently not seeing me .
I tried calling for help .
I was ignored .
Well , if you were hurrying through the park in the rain and saw a fat man with a soaked coat , smeared with mud , balanced on a fence with a filthy umbrella , what would you do ?
" Hey , look , it 's Roger Ebert ! " an American kid said .
He was with a group of friends .
" No way !
Is that really you ? "
" Yes , it is , " I said .
If I had been Prince Charles , I would have answered to " Roger Ebert " .
" Far out , dude !
What are you doing up there ? "
" Trying to get down , " I observed .
They helped me down and asked for my autograph , which was gladly ­supplied .
I opened my umbrella , hailed a cab , and was at 22 Jermyn Street in 10 minutes .
That was one of the occasions when I lit the gas fire and treasured it beyond all reason .
After warming up , I filled the big tub for a bath .
It was deep , and as long as I was tall .
I tinted it a bright green with Wibergs Pine Bath Essence , inhaled warm pine , and reflected that you are never warmer than when you have been cold .
Word came in 1990 that Henry Jr had taken over operations and closed the hotel for ­renovation .
In his announcement , he wrote : " I agreed to buy the hotel from my father , famous for his wonderful eccentricity . "
Of course , Henry Jr discontinued the gas fires .
The Eyrie Mansion was renamed 22 Jermyn Street , and my wife Chaz and I stayed there many times .
I liked it , she adored it .
When I said I missed the gas fire that you lit with a match , she gave me one of those looks I got when I said I would rather drive a 1957 Studebaker than any newer car .
Or eat in a diner than a trendy restaurant .
Or wear jeans .
You know those looks .
As the luxurious 22 Jermyn Street , the hotel prospered .
Croissants and cappuccino were now served as an alternative to full English breakfast .
There 'd be a flower on the tray .
Clients included movie stars and politicians , who valued its privacy and its absence of a lobby .
Doddy and Henry Sr would have been proud .
But in autumn 2009 Henry
Jr wrote to us : " Sadly the lease has expired and the greater part of the city block in which the hotel is located is to be redeveloped by the Crown Estate as a project named St James 's Gateway , over the next two or three years .
Like much else in London , it is planned that this very comprehensive and handsome project will be completed in time for the Olympic Games in 2012 . "
Just what Olympic guests will be looking for in London .
One more god - damned comprehensive and handsome project .
© 2010 The Ebert Co. distributed by Universal Uclick .
This is an edited extract from Roger Ebert 's blog , rogerebert.com
• This article was amended on 26 February 2010 .
The first paragraph originally read , " the whole block is going " , including Getti the Italian restaurant and the Jermyn Street theatre .
This has been corrected .
Elsewhere in the piece Russell & Bromley was removed from a list of shirtmakers .
By John McManus
BBC News
The UK and Israel have rarely had an easy relationship
Relations hit another bump in road A former senior British army officer has said international media including the BBC are being exploited by " dark forces " who want to harm Israel .
Col Richard Kemp , who was a commander in Afghanistan , said some international criticism of the Israeli Defence Force ( IDF ) was motivated by anti-Semitism .
He was speaking at a dinner in London hosted by a pro-Israel lobby group .
Col Kemp had defended the actions of the IDF at the UN Goldstone Hearings into the Gaza incursion of 2008 .
The Israeli minister for Information and the Diaspora , Yuli Edelstein , was also present at the dinner hosted by the Zionist Federation .
He refused to comment on rumours that the Israeli secret service Mossad had fraudulently used the passports of British citizens during an operation to kill the Hamas boss Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
Col Kemp , who is now retired from the Army and makes a living from writing , said the advice he received from the Israeli armed forces on how to tackle Afghan suicide bombers had been invaluable , and formed the basis of official army guidelines used by soldiers on the ground there .
There were some " bad " soldiers in the IDF , Col Kemp acknowledged .
But he added that despite similarities between the IDF and British forces , UK soldiers did not have to deal with the same amount of criticism from the international community .
" When we go into battle we do not get the same knee - jerk , almost Pavlovian response from many , many elements of the international media and international groups , humanitarian groups and other international groups such as the United Nations which should know better ... of utter automatic condemnation .
We do n't have to put up with that . "
' New ' anti-semitism
The event , which was attended by over 400 British Jews , heard Mr Edelstein criticise the Goldstone report , which is widely regarded as biased within Israel , and warn against the rise of what he called a " new " anti-semitism .
He said that although it was important to investigate any allegations of wrongdoing by Israeli forces , the Goldstone report had influenced the enemies of his country to continue their campaign of hatred .
" Yes , we have to investigate , yes we have to check ourselves .
Yes , I am ashamed of the soldier who stole some credit cards from a deserted house in the Gaza Strip .
But between this and war crimes ? "
Colonel Kemp criticised some media coverage of Israeli Forces
A small protest by UK Jews who oppose Israeli actions in Gaza took place outside the hotel where the dinner was held .
The Zionist Federation held the dinner to celebrate 110 years of its existence .
Early members helped to lobby the UK government for the creation of a Jewish homeland .
In recent years it has campaigned on behalf of Israel , often criticising what it calls international bias against Israeli actions in Gaza and the West Bank .
None of the speakers referred to the investigation in Dubai into the murder of Mr al - Mabhouh , or the allegation that Mossad had misused British passports .
But referring to some table ornaments that resembled the revolving sign at Scotland Yard police headquarters , Mr Edelstein did joke to his audience that he wondered if the Metropolitan Police were trying to tell him something .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The prequel to John Carpenter ’s 1982 remake of The Thing , which ShockTillYouDrop.com last reported on back in March ( here ) will start shooting in a few months in Toronto according to Production Weekly , who posted on their Twitter feed :
“ Universal ’s prequel to John Carpenter ’s classic thriller “ The Thing , ” is due to begin filming March and continue till June in Toronto . ”
Directed by Matthijs van Heijningen , Jr. from a screenplay by “ Battlestar Galactica ” exec. producer Ronald D. Moore and Eric Heisserer ( The Nightmare on Elm Street remake ) , the prequel is supposed to be an earlier story about the mutation that attacks the Norwegian base from Carpenter ’s movie .
One can expect cast will be announced in the next few weeks .
Three Malaysian women have been caned by the authorities for having extra-marital sex , say officials .
They are the first women to receive such a sentence under Islamic law in the country .
The punishments come as another Malaysian woman waits to hear whether her caning - for drinking beer - is carried out .
Malaysia 's majority Malays are subject to Islamic laws , while the large Chinese and Indian minorities are not .
Home Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said the punishments had been carried out in a prison outside the capital , Kuala Lumpur , on 9 February .
The women were each hit up to six times .
One is reported to have since been released from prison .
Officials did not say how the canings were carried out , but analysts said such punishments were usually light for women , intended to be largely symbolic .
Rows signal race fear " Even though the caning did not injure them , they said it caused pain within them , " the Reuters news agency quoted Mr Hishammuddin as saying .
He told state media he hoped the punishments would not be " misunderstood so much that it defiles the purity of Islam " .
" The punishment is to teach and give a chance to those who have fallen off the path to return and build a better life in future , " he said .
Meanwhile the case of Kartika Sari Dewi Shukarnor , sentenced to six strokes of a rattan cane for drinking beer , is being reviewed by the authorities .
She was arrested at a hotel in December 2007 , but her case has been repeatedly delayed .
She has said she is willing to be caned as she respects the law , and asked for the punishment to be carried out in public .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Zane ( Charlie Sheen ) , a young , mild - mannered astronomer discovers an extraterrestrial radio signal .
After being fired from his organization for reporting this to his superior , he takes a chance on discovering the truth : that his workplace is not quite what it seems to be and a sinister conspiracy is at work .
The aliens are keeping a deadly secret , and will stop at nothing to prevent Zane from learning it .
Written by vishakbt1
Between August 2000 and May 2002 , more than 1,100 ancient books disappeared from the French monastery of Mont Saint - Odile .
There was no sign of forced entry ; the monks changed the locks and reinforced the library door with steel , but the books continued to vanish .
The thief even left a rose , taunting them .
Finally police installed a video camera and caught Stanislas Gosse , a Strasbourg engineering teacher , entering the darkened library through a cupboard .
He confessed that he had discovered a lost map in public archives that revealed the secret entrance — he climbed the exterior walls of the monastery , entered the attic , descended a narrow stairway , and operated a hidden mechanism to open the back of the cupboard .
He then browsed the library by candlelight .
Apparently the passage had been used to spy on monks in medieval times , when the library had served as the monastery ’s common room .
Gosse was convicted of “ burglary by ruse and escalade , ” fined , and given a suspended sentence .
“ I ’m afraid my burning passion overrode my conscience , ” he said .
“ It may appear selfish , but I felt the books had been abandoned .
They were covered with dust and pigeon droppings , and I felt no one consulted them anymore . ”
“ There was also the thrill of adventure –I was very scared of being found out . ”
By day , The Irredeemable Shag plays the part of a wealthy industrialist , playboy , and philanthropist .
By night , he is a frightening creature that strikes terror into the hearts of criminals !
... or ...
maybe The Irredeemable Shag managed a comic book store for four years , and a movie theater megaplex for three years .
Nowadays he 's just a really vocal geek on THE UNIQUE GEEK , a semi-regular on the VIEWS FROM THE LONGBOX podcast , and runs the ONCE UPON A GEEK and FIRESTORM FAN blogs .
You decide ...
Every once in a while it ’s nice to see something that puts into perspective how wonderful our lives truly are .
Those things that make us stop for a moment and give thanks are like little treasures of gold in our day .
Watching this video below will do just that .
This will make your Grandfather ’s story about how he had to walk two miles through deep snow to get to school seem easy .
This video is about Daisy , an 11 year old girl that lives with her family in the jungle in Colombia .
The only transportation out of this village is either through a two hour difficult hike or sliding on a rickety cable strung 1,200 feet in the air above a dangerous river .
Even though the government wo n’t build a bridge for them , Daisy and her brothers and sisters still have to get out of the village everyday to go to school .
How do they do it ?
Yep , you guessed it , across the tiny cable .
On their way back home from school , they manage to carry groceries , supplies , pets , even each other back across the cable again .
A small wooden brake , which each person carries for themselves , is the only thing that stops them from slamming into the tires at the end of the ride .
In addition to getting herself across safely twice a day , Daisy also carries her sister in a burlap bag and makes sure the rest of the children make it across safely .
If you are like me , this video is going to remind you not to complain about anything else today .
Life is good .
We are blessed .
It is snowing .
March break is almost upon us .
Spring is around the corner but far enough away that winter fatigue is setting in .
Those who can afford it book sunny southern escapes .
Then there are those who hit the tanning beds .
Again and again .
Kate de Gruchy , 21 , has been using them since she was 15 .
She still uses them twice a week for about 15 minutes a session and works full time at The Tanning Escape in Toronto 's Beaches area .
De Gruchy maintains a base tan year round , but varies the shade according to the season , tanning darker in the summer .
" In our climate , there are stretches of months where I can't recall the last time I felt the sun on my face , " she says .
" When I 'm tanning , even though it 's for a short period of time , for those 10 to 15 minutes it 's relaxing , I 'm warm .
" When you get out , you do feel rejuvenated , you do feel better , "
Now researchers suspect some people get addicted to that feeling , a compulsion that has been dubbed " tanorexia . "
" The biology of it really is very interesting , " says Dr. Sam Feldman , who teaches dermatology , pathology and health sciences at Wake Forest University in Winston - Salem , N.C .
" When ultraviolet light hits skin , it somehow signals the brain to feel good , to feel relaxed .
Some people have theorized , me among them , that it 's an endorphin hit . "
In one of Feldman 's studies , frequent tanners had symptoms akin to narcotics withdrawal when endorphins were blocked , " as though they were addicted to light . "
Tanners often claim a blissfully warm few moments of solitude as the draw , but that 's not the case , says Feldman .
" It 's not the heat , it 's not being alone , " he says .
" It 's the ultraviolet light in combination with those things that really gives them the buzz . "
Although de Gruchy laughs at the suggestion she may be addicted to indoor tanning – " on my list of priorities , it does n't trump food " – she agrees she may be getting a hit of feel - good endorphins .
" But that , I do n't think , is a negative thing .
I do not believe that all tanners are addicted to this endorphin release .
I do n't crave to do it . "
The Canadian Dermatology Association ( CDA ) wants the use of tanning beds banned for those under 18 .
This month it launched a campaign called Indoor Tanning is Out , targeted mainly at young women like de Gruchy .
But de Gruchy says she has n't seen enough evidence linking tanning beds to skin cancer to make her stop .
" It just says `studies have shown , ' and it is not very specific , " she says about the CDA 's campaign material , which is available at www.dermatology.ca and includes a public service announcement on YouTube .
In it , five young women reveal their personal battles with melanoma , the deadliest form of skin cancer .
One is Aimee Van Wynsberghe , from London , Ont. , who now sorely regrets the tanning she did in younger years .
From age 21 , she started using tanning salons to get a base for winter holidays .
" After that , it was a really nice feeling , " she says .
" You felt healthier .
You looked like you had a good workout . "
She stopped using tanning beds two years ago , but has spent time outdoors using lotion with a sun protection factor of 10 , rather than the minimum recommendation of 30 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Last year she discovered a mole , which turned out to be cancerous .
" It 's just not worth it , " she says .
" At 28 , hopefully I 've got a lot more years ahead of me .
... I have to be constantly worrying ... because for five years in my life I wanted to have a tan .
A tan !
It seems so meaningless now . "
Every seven hours a Canadian dies of skin cancer , according to the CDA .
The leading cause is too much exposure to UV radiation .
" There are younger women who are being diagnosed with melanoma who have been going to tanning beds , " says Dr. Cheryl Rosen , national director of CDA 's Sun Awareness Program .
She notes that studies show the younger a person is when she starts , the higher the risk .
" Of course it 's impossible to know for sure that it was the tanning bed , not the sunshine , but they both have risk factors , " Rosen says .
Recently , sunbeds were moved up to the highest cancer risk category by the World Health Organization .
Its research shows 70 per cent of those using tanning salons are female , primarily 16 to 29 years old .
Indoor tanning before the age of 30 has been associated with a significant increase in melanoma risk .
Taking all cancers found in the 15 to 29 age group , melanoma now represents seven per cent of new cases in young men and 11 per cent in young women .
Doctors believe this is attributable to social behaviours , specifically seeking a tan .
" There is a significant amount of value still attached to being tanned in certain cultures , " Rosen says .
" It would be nice to de-normalize a tan , like they de-normalized smoking . "
bturnbull@thestar.ca
Hi … my name is Mike Farrell !
Welcome to my official blog at aspenIbiz .
Here you will find tips and techniques about Internet Marketing , Financial Education , Wealth Creation Strategies … and a few other topics .
Finally , I am an American globalist , having lived and worked in more than 20 countries on all continents except Antarctica , so you can also keep up with my latest adventures .
On the Credibility of Climate Research , Part II :
Towards Rebuilding Trust
Judith Curry , Georgia Institute of Technology
Losing the Public ’s Trust
Science
This view reflects the fragile nature of trust between science and society , demonstrating that the perceived misbehavior of even a few scientists can diminish the credibility of science as a whole .
What needs to be done ?
Two aspects need urgent attention : the general practice of science and the personal behaviors of scientists .
Science
The Changing Nature of Skepticism about Global Warming
Climate Auditors and the Blogosphere
Towards Rebuilding Trust
As many head to the bars for Saint Patrick ’s Day , not everyone will be celebrating ; more than six - in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) think drinking alcohol excessively is morally wrong .
On a list of 10 behaviors , having “ one too many ” drew the third most disapproval , behind only having an affair and not reporting income taxes .
More people said excessive drinking was morally wrong than said the same for having an abortion , and twice as many condemned drinking as did overeating .
Those who have a college degree ( 43 % ) and higher incomes ( 48 % ) are much less likely to decry too much alcohol than those with a high school degree or less ( 74 % ) and those who earn less than $ 30,000 ( 72 % ) .
While there is little difference between Republicans ( 67 % ) and Democrats ( 63 % ) , liberals ( 50 % ) are far more likely to be at the bars tonight than conservatives ( 71 % ) , or at least not feel bad about it the next morning .
Read More
UPDATE : Federal safety officials say they will look into complaints from Toyota Corolla drivers about difficulty with the steering on their vehicles .
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has received about 80 complaints from drivers of 2009 and 2010 Corollas .
Many say their cars can wander when they drive on the highway , making it hard to stay in lanes .
Just as Toyota moves from one crisis , the Prius recall , it now can move to yet another : mounting complaints about electric power steering on 2009 and 2010 Corollas .
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is thinking of opening another investigation , Automotive News reports .
This time , it would look into possible power steering defects in the Corolla , the nation 's second - best - selling car last year with 874,000 sold .
Toyota has received 83 complaints about power steering problems , 76 of which caused the car to veer right or left at speeds over 40 miles an hour , the News found .
The reported defect has resulted in 10 accidents and six injuries .
Reporter Neil Roland writes :
Complainants have compared the movement to being buffeted by strong winds , sliding on black ice , or hydroplaning .
They said that after trying to straighten the car , it can overcorrect -- requiring the driver to use a tight , persistent , two - handed grip on the wheel to travel in a straight line .
" If you take your eye off the road for a second , the car will drift into another lane , " said one driver in an Oct. 18 complaint .
Another describes it as the most terrifying thing that ever happened to them .
The Corolla is already one of eight models that Toyota stopped selling until its accelerator pedal assemblies could be retrofitted to stop unintended acceleration .
Goofs
We see Castle constantly ask the detectives working with him ( or the detectives themselves ) to put out APB 's ( All Points Bulletins ) or BOLOs ( Be On the Look Out ) to bring suspects and witnesses in .
When found the New York City Police brings them to the station for the Detectives and Castle to interview even though it 's pretty clear they did n't want to come .
If there is no probable cause for an arrest or an active arrest warrant , the police can't make you go anywhere against your will .
Once in a while , a wealthy or educated person will assert this and ask a lawyer to be present but this is rare .
See more
Ron Paul ’s stunning landslide victory in the CPAC straw poll is an event that can not be allowed to go to waste .
Political moments this ripe are about as rare as the California condor , and Ron Paul would do us all an incalculable service if he would seize the day , and declare his intention to run in the 2012 presidential election .
He needs to do this right now .
Not next month , not next year , but now .
Millennials Rising : Th ... Neil Howe , William Str ... Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 8.99 ( as of 09:05 EST - Details )
Just imagine the effect that an announcement of candidacy would do for the Paulian revolution right now .
As the only declared candidate for president in 2012 and the winner of the CPAC straw poll , he would immediately garner widespread media attention .
Not only would he be the only declared candidate at the moment , but he might even be the only declared presidential candidate for the next eleven months .
To have the field completely free of challengers and a fearsome grassroots electioneering and fundraising machine already in place is the political strategist ’s Holy Grail .
All Ron Paul has to do is tell the world he is running in 2012 , and his entire movement will spring to life without any challengers standing in his way .
The fear and loathing Ron Paul would instill in the powers that be cannot be overstated .
In their terrified stupor , the Republican leadership would search far and wide to find a sufficiently servile sock puppet to trot out to oppose Dr. Paul .
All they would find , however , is a Mormon version of Ted Kennedy , an old man from Arizona who is clearly off his rocker , and a woman who ca n’t figure out what she stands for , besides war .
The situation for Dr. Paul would only brighten if the Republican National Committee were to push for an early announcement of candidacy from one of these clowns .
Indeed , the best possible outcome for Dr. Paul and the movement would be to force the RNC ’s hand to pick one of these idiots sooner rather than later .
The front - running idiot at the moment is the Mormon version of Ted Kennedy who loves socialized medicine .
Life would be good indeed if Dr. Paul could induce the RNC to throw its weight behind a man who supports socialized medicine .
That would ensure a Ron Paul run against Barack Obama in 2012 !
Deception and Abuse at ... Robert D. Auerbach Best Price : $ 4.09 Buy New $ 20.95 ( as of 10:30 EST - Details )
The paroxysms of fear that would grip the Obama administration would be equally great , because Ron Paul is actually committed to ending our murderous foreign empire .
Obama won the last election on the " peace platform , " which was possible only because he was running against a crazy old man , hell - bent on even more war than Bush II .
In such company , Obama looked like a " peace candidate . "
In the company of Dr. Paul , however , Obama can be seen for what he is ; namely , a card - carrying member of the same war party that includes Bush II .
If Obama knew at this early point that he could possibly be facing Ron Paul in 2012 , he would have to start changing his perpetual - war policies right now in order to stand a chance against the real " peace candidate " in two years .
Nor could he continue to indulge in his lunatic Keynesianism - meets - corporatism economic policies , because Ron Paul the presidential candidate would publicly expose it all as the quackery it is .
Ron Paul is Obama ’s worst nightmare in 2012 .
Perhaps most importantly , however , is the hope that his early announcement would give to the American people .
For , without Dr. Paul as a candidate in 2012 , we will be left with only the most cynical and dreadful of options .
We will be faced with a so - called " peace candidate " who is wholly devoted to war , and a mainstream Republican candidate who is devoted to war coupled with torture and assassination .
We will be faced with a socialist incumbent , and a mainstream Republican candidate devoted to corporate welfare and succoring the military - industrial complex .
Without Dr. Paul in the mix , these will be our only options : war + socialism , or war + torture + economic fascism .
There will be no hope for freedom and peace .
The need is great for you , Dr. Paul , and the moment will never be so ripe for you to announce your candidacy .
Seize the moment and awaken the slumbering revolutionaries who are waiting for you to say the word and give them hope in 2012 .
The murmurs and whispers that you might run in 2012 will give way to a groundswell of support that will make the very Earth tremble .
Please give us what we want and need in the depths of depression and war , the hope that liberty and peace can still be attained in our lifetime .
RON PAUL FOR PRESIDENT IN 2012 !
The Best of Mark R. Crovelli
The 2010 Dakar Rally ended last Saturday , and despite virtually no U.S. cable coverage , we 've got video of all fourteen stages from Argentina 's lowlands to the brutal Atacama desert .
In total , 98 minutes of rally awesomeness .
Suck it , productivity .
Advertisement
Stage 1 : Buenos Aires , Argentina to Cordoba , Argentina
Dates : 1/1/2010 - 1/2/2010
Distance :
Trucks & Cars - 425 miles
Bikes & Quads - 405 miles
Stage 2 : Cordoba , Argentina to La Rioja , Argentina
Dates : 1/3/2010
Distance :
Trucks & Cars - 426 miles
Bikes & Quads - 389 miles
Advertisement
Stage 3 : La Rioja , Argentina to Fiambala , Argentina
Dates : 1/4/2010
Distance : 274 miles
Stage 4 : Fiambala , Argentina to Copiapo , Chile
Dates : 1/5/2010
Distance : 390 miles
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Stage 5 : Copiapo , Chile to Antofagasta , Chile
Dates : 1/6/2010
Distance : 416 miles
Stage 6 : Antofagasta , Chile to Iquique , Chile
Dates : 1/7/2010
Distance : 371 miles
Advertisement
Stage 7 : Iquique , Chile back to Antofagasta , Chile
Dates : 1/8/2010
Distance : 398 miles
Stage 8 : Antofagasta , Chile to Copiapo , Chile
Dates : 1/10/2010
Distance : 353 miles
Advertisement
Stage 9 : Copiapo , Chile to La Serena , Chile
Dates : 1/11/2010
Distance : 340 miles
Stage 10 : La Serena , Chile to Santiago , Chile
Dates : 1/12/2010
Distance : 364 miles
Advertisement
Stage 11 : Santiago , Chile to San Juan , Argentina
Dates : 1/13/2010
Distance : 269 miles
Stage 12 : San Juan , Argentina to San Rafael , Argentina
Dates : 1/14/2010
Distance : 494 miles
Advertisement
Stage 13 : San Rafael , Argentina to Santa Rosa , Argentina
Dates : 1/15/2010
Distance : 450 miles
Stage 14 : Santa Rosa , Argentina to Buenos Aires , Argentina
Dates : 1/16/2010
Distance : 439 miles
Advertisement
Map and results via Dakar.com
via Best Bookmarks
Lead photo credit Marcelo Maragni / Andre Chaco / Gustavo Cherro / Red Bull Photofiles
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Iranian authorities have arrested the leader of the Sunni Muslim militant group Jundullah , according to reports on state television .
The Arabic language channel al - Alam said Abdolmalek Rigi had been held in eastern Iran , but gave no more details .
He is said to be behind a series of deadly bombings and killings in Sistan - Baluchistan province .
Last October 42 people , including six Revolutionary Guard commanders , were killed in a suicide bombing in Zahedan .
The semi-official Fars news agency , quoting the Iranian intelligence ministry , said the arrest took place of the " Jundullah leader along with two of his group members " .
ABDOLMALEK RIGI & JUNDULLAH
Leader of Jundullah believed to be 26 - years - old The Sunni Baluchi nationalist group emerged 2003 Accused by Iran of links with the US and Pakistan Thought to be linked to drug smugglers in Iranian border province of Sistan - Baluchistan Brother Abdolhamid Rigi on death row in Iran October 2009 a Jundullah suicide bomb kills 31 , including 6 top Revolutionary Guard commanders May 2009 bomb in a mosque in the provincial capital Zahedan kills 19 April 2007 Mr Rigi appears on Voice of America radio February 2007 a bomb kills 11 , including Iranian Revolutionary Guards , in Zahedan March 2006 gun attack kills 22 Sources : BBC , Stratfor
The official IRNA news agency later said he had been flying to an Arab country via Pakistan before his arrest .
" His plane was ordered to land and then he was arrested after the plane was searched , " Iranian lawmaker Mohammed Dehgan was quoted by news agency AFP as saying .
Press TV , the Iranian state - run English language service , said Mr Rigi had been in a US military base 24 hours before his capture .
It alleged the US had issued Mr Rigi with an Afghan passport .
It also said he had recently travelled to " European countries " .
None of these claims could be independently verified .
Jundullah was founded in 2002 to defend the Baluchi minority in the poor , remote and lawless region of south - east Iran .
The group has been using neighbouring Pakistan as a base , and in the past the Iranians have accused Pakistan of allowing them to operate there .
Mr Rigi has claimed in the past that the group does not seek to break away from Iran but that violence is necessary to draw attention to discrimination .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Citing financial worries , the State of Arizona has backed out of a broad regional effort to limit greenhouse gas emissions in the West through a cap - and - trade system .
In an executive order issued last week , Gov. Jan Brewer , a Republican , said a cap - and - trade system  which would impose mandatory caps on emissions and allow pollution credits to be traded among companies  would cripple Arizona ’s economy .
Instead , the state will support initiatives to expand the use of solar power , nuclear power and other renewable energy sources , said Benjamin Grumbles , the head of the state ’s environmental agency .
“ The governor thought it was important to be clear and honest and let the W.C.I. partners know that we do n’t think that now is the time to implement a cap - and - trade program , ” Mr. Grumbles said , referring to the regional effort , the Western Climate Initiative .
Daniel Shenton should be the most irrational man in the world .
As the new president of the Flat Earth Society , you 'd ­imagine he would also think that evolution is a scam and ­global warming a myth .
He should ­argue that smoking does not cause ­cancer and HIV does not lead to Aids .
Yes , that Flat Earth Society , a group that has become a living metaphor for backward thinking and a refusal to face scientific facts .
Yes , it is still going , and no , this is n't an early April fool .
In fact , Shenton turns out to have resolutely mainstream views on most issues .
The 33 - year - old American , ­originally from Virginia but now living and working in London , is happy with the work of Charles Darwin .
He thinks the evidence for man-made global warming is strong , and he dismisses suggestions that his own government was involved with the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
He is mainstream on most issues , but not all .
For when Shenton rides his motorbike , he says it is not gravity that pins him to the road , but the rapid upward motion of a disc - shaped planet .
Countries , according to him , spread across this flat world as they appear to do on a map , with Antarctica as a ring of mountains strung around the edge .
And , yes , you can fall off .
If you thought that flat Earthism was gone , think again .
The scientific evidence is stacked against Shenton , ­obviously , just as it is against those who think global warming is a hoax and that the dead stalk the Earth as ghosts – but that does n't appear to trouble him in the least .
" There is no unified flat Earth model , " Shenton suggests , " but the most commonly accepted one is that it 's more or less a disc , with a ring of something to hold in the water .
The height and substance of that , no one is absolutely sure , but most people think it 's mountains with snow and ice . "
The Earth is flat , he argues , because it appears flat .
The sun and moon are spherical , but much smaller than mainstream science says , and they rotate around a plane of the Earth , because they appear to do so .
Inevitably , Shenton 's ­argument forces him down all kinds of logical blind alleys – the non-existence of gravity , and his argument that most space exploration , and so the moon landings , are faked .
But , while many flat Earthers have problems with the idea of orbiting satellites , ­Shenton navigates the ­London streets using GPS .
He was also happy to fly from the US to Britain , but says an aircraft that flew over the Antarctic ­barrier would drop from the sky , and from the planet .
The Flat Earth Society was originally formed as the Universal Zetetic Society in 1884 , after the Greek word zeteo , " to seek " .
Zeteticism , Shenton says , ­emphasises experience and reason over the ­" trusting acceptance of dogma " – or , it seems , overwhelming evidence .
Only a personal trip into space to see the world as it is for himself would ­persuade him .
" But even then , in seeing it , I would have to be convinced there were n't any tricks involved . "
The International Flat Earth Society was formally founded in 1956 .
Shenton resurrected the society and claimed its presidency last year , ­following years of inaction after the death of former ­president Charles Johnson in 2001 , who had some 3,000 registered followers .
He has so far recruited 60 members through the society 's website , which boasts about 9,000 visitors to its discussion forums .
" I can't say what everybody 's motive is for joining , but there are quite a few who I know are as serious as I am , " he says .
" Lots of people log on once to hurl abuse but they tend to get bored and go away .
We 're not ­fanatical about it and we 're not going to engage in pointless , ­angry discussions . "
The website features scanned issues of the society 's newsletter , the notorious Flat Earth News , from its 1970s and 80s heyday .
Sample headlines include : Sun Is a Light 32 Miles Across , Australia Not Down Under , and World Is Flat and That 's That .
" I thought it was a shame that all these documents would go unseen ­forever , " Shenton says .
But what about the evidence ?
In an age where ­astronauts send photographs of a spherical planet from an orbiting space station , how can the concept of a flat Earth persist ?
" Look at what special effects are capable of : you can produce any photograph , any video .
I do n't think there is solid proof .
I 'm not intentionally being stubborn about it , but I feel our senses tell us these things , and it would take an extraordinarily level of evidence to counteract those .
How many people have actually investigated it ?
Have you ? "
Last year , Shenton did just that , travelling to a six - mile stretch of straight water along the Old Bedford River in Norfolk , the scene of many infamous flat Earth experiments .
" There should have been curvature , but I did n't see what mainstream science says should have been there , " he says .
Shenton 's critics , it should be pointed out , can fall back on spherical trigonometry and astronomical ­observations that date right back to Aristotle in 330BC .
In fact , the idea of a flat Earth was widespread only until about the fourth century BC , when the Ancient Greeks first proposed it was a sphere .
By the Middle Ages , most ­people in Europe were convinced , ­contrary to popular stories .
" A lot of the stuff about Columbus is n't true ; there were n't mutinies about whether they would fall off the Earth , " Shenton says .
The modern Flat Earth movement dates back to Victorian England , and biblical literalist Samuel Rowbotham and his followers , who promoted their cause by engaging top scientists of the day in public debate .
Shenton himself used to accept that the Earth was round , but began ­asking questions after hearing musician Thomas Dolby 's 1984 album The Flat Earth .
( When Shenton reconvened the society last year , Dolby accepted membership number 00001 . )
" It was the late 1990s and I started doing research into what the Flat Earth Society was .
I had heard of it and , when I did some more research , I eventually ended up believing its ideas were true . "
It may sound like Shenton is playing games , that the reborn society is a clever metaphor or marketing tool for another cause – but he insists he is serious .
" I have n't taken this position just to be difficult .
To look around , the world does appear to be flat , so I think it is ­incumbent on others to prove ­decisively that it is n't .
And I do n't think that burden of proof has been met yet . "
Detoxifying Bath
By now , you know your body is filled with many toxins .
These toxins can not only be the reason you are tired and having trouble sleeping , they can also make you sick .
There are many products on the market that you can buy that will help to detox or cleanse these toxins out of your body .
Some of these products come in pill form , liquid form and even in patch forms .
But they are n’t the only ways you can rid your body of toxins .
You can also rid your body of some of these toxins , with a hot , relaxing bath .
Baths can be a simple way to help combat toxins .
Water therapy is very popular in spas today .
Bathing in waters that contain various healing ingredients can help to promote energy and release toxins .
Hot water will draw toxins out of the body to the surface of the skin .
Those toxins are pulled from the skin when the water cools .
The hot springs , ocean , herbal and mineral baths have been used world wide for centuries , for their wonderful therapeutic effects .
Here is simple recipe to help combat toxins and detoxify your body :
1 cup Epsom salts
1/2 cup Baking Soda
1/2 cup Powdered Ginger
Pour the ingredients into your warm bath and soak for 15 to 20 minutes .
After 20 minutes , scrub the skin gently with a natural fiber , a cotton washcloth or a sponge .
So scrub your skin for 5 minutes .
Do n’t stay in the bath for more than 30 minutes .
You will notice that the water has a “ murky ” appearance .
It is due to the toxins released in your bath water .
Wrap yourself in your favorite bathrobe .
Then cover up with a warm blanket .
For about 1 hour you will sweat .
The next morning you will feel absolutely great !
You can take a detoxification bath often .
This bath can also help relieve pain .
Leben mit Hartz IV : Angst vor der Schadenfreude
Den Hartz - IV - Betroffenen macht nicht allein das wenige Geld zu schaffen .
Eine arbeitslose Akademikerin erzählt , warum sie ihre Freunde belügt und ihre Brüder beneidet .
In der fünften Klasse musste ich einen Aufsatz darüber schreiben , wie ich mir meine Zukunft vorstelle .
Dabei dachte ich an diese erfolgreiche Frau aus der Kaffee - Werbung .
Sie war jung , hübsch und agil .
Hatte einen tollen Job und dennoch Zeit für Freunde und Freizeit .
Genau so sah ich mich mit 25 Jahren .
Nämlich in einer großen Wohnung in einer Großstadt mit meinem Traumjob - damals war das noch Anwältin .
Heute bin ich 27 .
Und ich möchte Journalistin werden .
Genau , werden .
Ein Job scheint im Moment weit entfernt - ich lebe von Hartz IV .
Dabei dachte ich , alles richtig gemacht zu haben .
Jahrgangsbeste in der Grundschule , glänzendes Abi , Studium , Ausland , Praktika , Magister Artium .
Danach war ich 26 .
Weil ich mein Studium mit Bafög und Nebenjobs finanzierte , freute ich mich endlich auf ein weitaus besser bezahltes Volontariat als Einstieg in den Journalismus .
Die Ernüchterung kam schnell .
In meinem Briefkasten landeten nur Absagen .
Begründung : zu wenig Erfahrung !
Vielleicht bin ich naiv , aber wird nicht überall gepriesen , Akademiker hätten die besten Chancen im Beruf ?
Hieß es nicht immer : " Kind , studier , dass was Gscheits aus dir wird " ?
Hab ich doch !
Jetzt bin ich Dauerpraktikantin .
Und zwar seit mehr als einem Jahr .
Die Praktika sind alle unbezahlt .
Meine Mutter kann mich finanziell nicht unterstützen , meine Ersparnisse sind längst aufgebraucht .
Darum blieb mir der Gang zur Arbeitsagentur nicht erspart .
Ich schob es zwei Monate vor mir her .
Aus Scham .
Bloß kein Hartz IV .
Das sind alles Staatsschmarotzer , die in Jogginghosen auf dem Sofa hocken und den ganzen Tag fernsehglotzen , sagten stets meine Kommilitonen .
" Nicht nur " , grummelte ich immer verärgert .
Meine Mutter hatte schließlich selbst Jahre lang davon gelebt .
Und sie gehört nicht zur Gattung fauler Couchpotato .
Beim Gedanken an die Arbeitsagentur fühlte ich mich elend .
Letztendlich zwang mich meine Mutter hinzugehen .
Und die anstehende Miete .
Sechs Monate waren seit meinem Abschluss vergangen .
Am Abend davor weinte ich .
Ich schämte mich vor mir selbst .
Fühlte mich als Verlierer , weil ich trotz Studium und Praktika noch keine bezahlte Stelle gefunden hatte .
Widerwillig und mit flauem Gefühl im Magen quälte ich mich hin .
Zur gleichen Zeit sonnte sich mein bester Freund in der Türkei , meine Freundin plante eine Rundreise durch Asien .
Ich hasste beide dafür .
Die Beraterin in der Arbeitsagentur hätte mich am liebsten wieder nach Hause geschickt .
" Was wollen Sie denn hier ? " , fragte sie mich vorwurfsvoll .
" Arbeitslosengeld II beantragen " , entgegnete ich .
" Warum ? "
So eine dumme Frage .
" Weil ich meine Miete nicht mehr bezahlen kann " , antwortete ich genervt .
" Dann gehen Sie doch zu Ihren Eltern . "
" Wenn die mich unterstützen könnten , wäre ich wohl kaum hier . "
" Füllen Sie diese Formulare aus , dann sehen wir , ob Sie überhaupt Anspruch auf Sozialhilfe haben " , sagte sie schnippisch .
" Sozialhilfe ? "
Ich fühlte mich veräppelt .
Drei Wochen später war der Antrag genehmigt .
Das Geld für die Miete hatte ich mir von meinem Freund geliehen .
Denn das Arbeitslosengeld ließ noch eine ganze Weile auf sich warten .
Zuvor musste ich nämlich noch auf drei Informationsveranstaltungen mit Anwesenheitspflicht , Ausweiskontrolle und Stempel .
Dort habe ich übrigens gelernt , was die Sachbearbeiter der Arge offenbar unter rücksichtsvollem Umgang verstehen .
Sie reden sehr langsam und übertrieben deutlich .
Als seien die Anwesenden debil .
Danach musste ich noch zu meinen persönlichen Sachbearbeitern .
Mit dem Jobvermittler hatte ich Glück .
Statt mich sofort in einen 1 - Euro - Job zu drängen , gewährte er mir bislang meine Praktika .
Er weiß , dass ich unbedingt Journalistin werden will und dazu gewisse Erfahrungen brauche .
Er weiß auch , dass es länger dauern kann , eine Volontärsstelle zu bekommen .
Aber vor allem weiß er auch , dass mir das Wichtigste fehlt : Beziehungen .
Und darum hat er Nachsicht .
Weniger nachsichtig bin ich mit mir .
Je länger ich von Hartz IV lebe , je mehr unbezahlte Praktika ich mache , desto unzufriedener und frustrierter werde ich .
Ich setze mich selbst unter Druck .
Bei jeder Hospitanz verlange ich von mir , perfekt zu schreiben , will überzeugen und glänzen .
Mittlerweile fühle ich mich müde und erschöpft .
Dabei habe ich noch nicht einmal mein Minimalziel erreicht : Ein Volontariat ist nicht in Sicht , die Praktika nehmen kein Ende .
Für Urlaub habe ich kein Geld .
Und wenn , müsste ihn mir die Arge genehmigen .
Wenn ich mir keine weiteren Hospitanzen oder Praktika besorge , drohen mir Kürzungen oder der gefürchtete 1 - Euro - Job .
Also mache ich weiter .
Oft liege ich abends heulend im Bett .
Frage mich , warum ich studiert habe .
Wo die Belohnung für all die Mühe und für den ganzen Fleiß bleibt .
Denke neidisch an meine beiden älteren Brüder , die trotz Hauptschulabschluss als Zollbeamter und Mediengestalter im Monat 3.000 Euro aufwärts verdienen .
Missgönne meinem jüngeren Bruder die sichere Festanstellung als Lehrer für Geschichte und Kunst .
Doch meine Brüder und meine Mutter haben kein Verständnis für meine Unzufriedenheit .
" Du hast die besten Voraussetzungen " , meinen sie .
" Du hast doch studiert und wirst einen ganz tollen Job finden . "
Meine Freunde sagen das auch .
Die halten mich nämlich für perfekt .
Denken , dass ich die ganzen Praktika mache , um Erfahrungen zu sammeln .
Sie finden das mutig .
Bewundern mich dafür .
Sie haben zwar auch noch keine feste Arbeit , leben aber vom Geld ihrer reichen Eltern .
Der Sonntagsbrunch ist ein Muss , ein iPhone und die neuesten Klamotten auch .
Und ich ?
Ich verschweige Hartz IV .
Ich behaupte , von meinem Gesparten zu leben .
Und belüge meine Freunde .
Denn Hartz IV belächeln sie .
Auf Mitleid kann ich verzichten .
Vor Schadenfreude habe ich Angst .
Also lächle ich mit und bedauere mit ihnen die Flaschensammler .
Das Lächeln ist anstrengend .
Ich kaschiere damit meine Stimmungsschwankungen und den chronischen Geldmangel .
Ich gebe vor , glücklich zu sein .
Rede die Dinge schön .
Beim Geld ist das Versteckspiel schwieriger .
Schließlich wollen meine Freunde auch ausgehen .
Ich behaupte dann oft , ich hätte keine Zeit .
Und wenn ich doch dabei bin , nippe ich den ganzen Abend an einem Tafelwasser .
Zum Glück bin ich überzeugte Antialkoholikerin .
Das dulden sie .
Meistens höre ich mir ihre Probleme an oder bewundere ihren 50 - Euro - Haarschnitt .
Meinen Pony schneide ich selbst .
Manchmal bin ich stolz auf mich .
Darauf , dass ich das Mini-Einkommen geschickt einteile .
Das Sparen habe ich perfektioniert .
Ich kaufe Kleider nur im Schlussverkauf und hole das meiste Essen bei der Tafel .
Im Supermarkt gehe ich zur reduzierten Ware , fische aus dem Kühlregal die abgelaufenen Produkte .
Dafür ernte ich oft missbilligende Blicke .
Mir egal .
Ich kann noch verächtlicher zurückschauen .
Die Zahnpastatube schneide ich auf , bevor sie im Müll landet - neben dem noch original verpackten Schinken oder Tofu , den meine Mitbewohner oft wegwerfen .
Das tut weh .
Kino ist tabu .
Die Bücherei nicht .
Denn dort gibt es die Filme und Bücher fast gratis .
Ich verzichte schon lange .
Das nervt .
Geiz ist nicht geil .
Muss aber sein .
Vielleicht zahlt sich das irgendwann aus .
Hoffentlich schon bald .
Denn ich will endlich etwas Ruhe .
Zum Entspannen lege ich mich auf die Couch .
In bequemen Hosen , mit einem Buch .
Oder vor die Glotze .
Und bewundere die tollen Frauen im Fernsehen .
* Die Autorin macht derzeit ein Praktikum bei der taz , es ist ihr sechstes nacheinander .
Sie möchte anonym bleiben .
Potenzielle Arbeitgeber sollen nicht wissen , dass sie Hartz IV bekommt .
Bankrupt states have finally found a a way out of their budget deficits :
Taxes on legalized pot .
In certain western states , at least , the public supports the move .
WSJ : [ A ] national marijuana - legalization movement ... has lately been emboldened by several factors , including laws allowing marijuana for medical purposes .
The recession may be another reason .
With many states suffering big budget deficits , for instance , legalization advocates say the states could benefit from new taxes on the sale of marijuana .
In addition , the Obama administration appears to have taken a more - mellow attitude on medical marijuana as societal views about the drug evolve .
In a poll last week of 500 adults in Washington state by SurveyUSA , 56 % of respondents said legalizing marijuana is a good idea .
" We 're beyond a tipping point culturally , " said Roger Goodman , a Democrat representing Kirkland , Wash . , and other Seattle suburbs in the Washington legislature who co-authored the legalization bill , known as HB 2401 .
" Now we 're at a point where we 're figuring out the safest way to end prohibition . "
Read the whole thing at WSJ >
That 's from a test here .
I got 30/30 and I suspect a lot of readers of Page F30 will get the same or nearly the same result .
What is just as interesting as the test though are the results afterward showing which languages were hardest to identify .
Those results are a spoiler for those that want to take the test though so I 'll write the rest of the post in a light font .
Highlight the rest of the post to read it .
And do n't click that link that says here unless you want to see the results and thus know the answers .
First of all , the results are here , and range from an impressive 98 % correct score for French to only 1.8 % for Maltese .
It 's interesting how French managed to get such a high score while Spanish was only at 67.6 % , which shows how much wide ( but perhaps shallow ) knowledge there is of the language among L2 users .
Spanish is more L1 heavy .
The large number of students of German can also be seen in its 90.7 % .
Korean managed to score higher than Japanese as well , and the reason for that is likely the fact that no other language ( well , except Cia - Cia ) uses Hangul as its script .
A lot of people probably got Chinese and Japanese mixed up .
Arabic is quite high ; if Persian was mixed in there it probably would have dropped a bit .
Greek is actually quite low ( 34.4 % ) considering its use in mathematics .
Perhaps people just are n't used to seeing more than one Greek letter at a time .
δ and β and α and γ and everything else by themselves are fine , but seeing them together as something like καλύ τερη all of a sudden looks quite foreign .
Icelandic is only at 12 % but that 's much higher than Maltese ( 1.6 % ) , even though Maltese has about twice as many speakers .
Seeing an ħ is a sign that you 're dealing with Maltese but for most the þ and ð of Icelandic are more familiar .
Turkish is spoken by a lot of people and Turkic languages are spread throughout Central Asia , but in spite of this Turkish only got 8.9 % .
This was a bit of a surprise .
Then again , the example given does n't include any letters that really stick out in Turkish and not other languages like ğ/Ğ , ι and İ .
Add those and it might go up a bit .
As part of its “ reinvention , ” GM wants to leave behind products liability claimants .
“ New GM ” wants to jettison its legal responsibilities to “ old ” customers who were seriously injured by defective products — including customers who bought products from pre-bankruptcy General Motors who have n’t yet been injured .
In this there is precedence .
As I discussed here on my Bankruptcy Litigation Blog , Chrysler stiffed products liability claimants when they restructured post C - 11 .
Is this going to be a case of deja vu all over again ?
Not if I can help it .
I ’ve decided to step into the fray by filing this Objection to the GM Sale and this Memorandum in Support .
On the brief with me is Public Citizen ’s Adina Rosenbaum and Allison Zieve , counsel for the Center for Auto Safety , Consumer Action , Consumers for Auto Reliability and Safety , National Association of Consumer Advocates , and Public Citizen .
I thank the Coleman Law Firm ’s own Bob Coleman for his generosity in dedicating the firm ’s resources to this important pro bono effort .
TTAC will be following my progress .
Meanwhile , here ’s a sample of my clients ’ stories , taken from the filed objection .
The only thing my clients did wrong : buy a GM car .
For this act of brand loyalty , they have paid dearly .
“ New GM ” should not be allowed to walk away from their “ old ” responsibilities .
[ Keep in mind , this is NOT a debate over the underlying merits of how much GM is liable for , if anything , in any particular case .
Rather it ’s a debate over what a bankruptcy court is empowered to do by statute ( the scope of section 363 ) , by Congress ( the scope a bankruptcy court ’s jurisdiction ) , and by the Constitution ( due process ) . ]
On August 17 , 2004 — a week before she was to start college — 18 year old Callan Campbell was a front - seat passenger in a 1996 GMC Jimmy when the driver of the vehicle lost control while attempting to make a left turn .
The vehicle entered a driver - side leading roll and rolled 1.5 times before ending on its roof .
The roof collapsed over Callan ’s seat , partially paralyzing her .
The strength - to - weight ratio of the GMC Jimmy roof is about 1.9 , which is among the lowest of all GM vehicles .
GM ’s own tests revealed that roof strengths in rollovers should be 3W to 4W .
Callan ’s paralysis could have been avoided at a mere fifty dollar cost to GM .
Callan ’s medical bills total $ 200,000 for the life - saving treatment she received immediately after the crash .
Additionally , Callan ’s parents have spent $ 160,000 renovating their home to accommodate Callan ’s physical and medical needs as a C6 incomplete quadriplegic .
A life care planner has estimated Callan ’s current and future needs for extra doctor visits , medicine , durable equipment and home modifications at $ 4,518,831.00 .
An economist has predicted her work loss based on total disability at $ 4,120,538 .
Callan is also entitled to significant compensation for pain and suffering including loss of life ’s pleasures , loss of dignity and independence , loss of the use of her limbs , and disfigurement .
Kevin and Nikki Junso are the parents of Tyler , Matt , and Cole Junso .
On April 25 , 2006 , Tyler and Cole Junso were involved a single car rollover accident while driving a 2003 GMC Envoy .
During the rollover , the windshield and side windows were knocked out , reducing the strength of the roof structure .
The Envoy sustained catastrophic damage to the roof structure , which buckled violently inwardly toward Tyler and Cole .
Despite being belted , both occupants were partially ejected from the vehicle during the roll over .
Seventeen year old Tyler , the driver , sustained massive skull and neck injuries and died at the scene of the accident .
The evidence showed that Tyler ’s head was partially outside the vehicle during the roll over sequence , due to the broken window and lateral displacement of the roof structure , and made contact with both the ground and the roof during the accident .
The paramedics found Kevin , the passenger , with his left leg out the windshield and his right leg out the passenger side window .
Kevin sustained serious injuries to his arms and legs , which eventually led to the amputation of his right leg below the knee .
GM has been aware of the significant risks of “ occupant excursion ” if the safety mechanisms in its vehicles fail .
Despite this knowledge , GM failed to introduce cost effective safety measures into its designs , which could have included side window plastics or laminates or seat belts resistant to excessive spool out .
Not only has the Junso family lost a son as a result of GM ’s failure to correct the strength instabilities in its SUVs , but Kevin has also lost his right leg .
To date , Kevin has incurred medical bills totaling $ 555,204.19 , and his future medical expenses are predicted to exceed $ 800,000 .
Edwin Agosto was driving his 2000 Chevrolet Blazer on September 22 , 2008 , when he lost control of his vehicle causing him to cross the center line and strike a tree .
After striking the tree , the car once again crossed the center line and collided with a guardrail where it finally came to rest .
Edwin ’s airbags failed to deploy throughout the course of the entire accident .
Because of that failure , Edwin suffered injuries including multiple spinous process fractures , a heavily comminuted fracture of the left scapula extending into his scapular spine and glenoid , multiple rib fractures , a humerus fracture , a subclavian vein injury , and a post traumatic subdural hygroma upon striking his head on the windshield .
Due to these injuries , Edwin spent the next two and a half months of his life in a coma .
Joseph Berlingieri was parked in a driveway on September 21 , 2006 when the driver side impact airbag in his 1998 Cadillac DeVille malfunctioned and deployed .
The air bag struck Joseph in his left ear , arm , and shoulder causing trauma injuries including hearing loss , tinnitus , and other serious injuries .
The vehicle had previously been recalled for faulty side airbags , and after its repair was warranted to Joseph as being free from defect and suitable for purchase .
However , the vehicle was not suitable for use , and was sold to Joseph despite the defective airbag mechanism .
[ click here for more inside info at bankruptcylitigationblog.com ]
" They scream abuse and beep their horns at me if the green man goes off and children are still crossing the road , but there 's nothing I can do . "
Political differences masquerading as philosophical ones
" There 's a philosophical difference in how we do this , " Sen .
Tom Coburn said at the Blair House Summit .
" It does have to do with the philosophical difference , " Rep. Eric Cantor agreed .
" There are very deep philosophical differences in how we approach health - care reform , " Rep. Marsha Blackburn emphasized .
" There really is a difference between us , " explained Rep. Paul Ryan .
" And it 's basically this .
We do n't think the government should be in control of all of this . "
It 's true , of course , that there are some philosophical differences between Democrats and Republicans .
But Republicans did something interesting yesterday :
They turned a lot of policy differences into questions of first principles .
And it 's harder to compromise on a first principle .
When Cantor pointed out his philosophical differences , for instance , he was talking about how " the Secretary defines what a health benefit package should be . "
That overstates the role the secretary of health and human services has in setting a floor for insurance in the exchanges , but nevertheless :
When Republicans created health savings accounts , they had the government define what the package would be .
And when they created the Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit , they had the government define what the package would be .
And when Rep. Paul Ryan created his proposal , he set the minimum value of a benefit package .
" You need to define what insurance is , " Ryan told me .
" I agree with that . "
Marsha Blackburn was saying that Americans " want us to give them the ability to hold insurance companies accountable .
One of those ways is through very robust competition . "
Her solution , and the GOP's , was " across - state - line purchasing of insurance . "
Other methods of competition -- from exchanges to a public option -- were not included .
But even purchasing across state lines is not always a matter of philosophy for the GOP .
In 2009 , the Credit Cardholders ' Bill of Rights passed the House , with Blackburn voting for it .
The bill preempts many state regulations on the credit card industry and replaces them with federal regulations .
So even if you could get a credit card cheaper from a state that allowed companies to increase rates in the first year of a card , or apply payments to the lowest - interest balances first , you 're no longer allowed to .
The philosophic appeal of letting South Dakota decide the regulatory standard for the rest of the nation collapsed in the face of the practical problems .
The charge here is not hypocrisy , exactly .
The GOP surely supports the policies it says it supports , at least at the moment .
But they have elevated a variety of policies that they 're willing to compromise on in other contexts to the level of philosophical difference .
That makes compromise very difficult .
After all , if you believe in purchasing across state lines ( which means the national standard is equal to that of the laxest state ) and I believe in federal regulation , a compromise could be that each state handles its own regulations ( which is what we have now ) , or that states can choose to enter into compacts with one another that will allow insurers in one state to sell to all participating states ( which is what is envisioned in the bill ) .
But if this is a philosophical difference , well , too bad .
Similarly , if the question is the precise method of figuring out how to define insurance , than a compromise can surely be reached .
After all , if Ryan 's plan demands actuarial values equal to Blue Shield / Blue Cross and the Senate plan actually allows for more variation in actuarial values but says that certain categories of treatment ( pediatrics , for instance ) need to be included , that seems custom - designed for compromise .
But if , as Cantor says , this is really about " a deep philosophical difference , " then compromise is unlikely indeed .
You do n't bargain with Aristotle .
It was during the Cantor exchange that Joe Biden finally had enough .
" Mr. President , can I have 10 seconds ? "
He asked .
" Literally 10 seconds . "
The president nodded , or did n't answer fast enough to head Biden off .
" We do n't have a philosophic disagreement , " Biden said .
" If you agree that you can't be dropped , that there has to be dependent coverage , that there 's no annual or lifetime cap , then , in fact , you 've acknowledged that is the government 's role .
The question is how far to go . "
But because the Republicans in the room did n't want the question to be " how far to go , " they drew philosophical battle lines that will be erased next time they 're in power , or find a bill they want to vote for .
This was most clear , possibly , in Sen.
Lamar Alexander 's opening remarks , in which he explained that " we 've come to the conclusion that we do n't do comprehensive well . "
Alexander 's argument on that point is detailed and sophisticated , but it 's telling that he came to the conclusion when Democrats took power and began proposing bills , rather than when he voted for the undeniable comprehensive Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit or co-sponsored Wyden - Bennett ( in July , Alexander said " we should support legislation like the Wyden - Bennett plan I ’ve co-sponsored , " which is much more comprehensive than the legislation the Senate eventually passed ) .
Like the philosophical objections preceding it , Alexander 's argument is not that this bill should be structured differently , but that it , and bills like it , should not be done at all .
You can fashion a compromise between someone who supports the structure of Wyden - Bennett or the Prescription Drug Benefit but has qualms about the Senate bill .
Alexander 's argument against all comprehensive legislation , however , is a philosophical position about the proper workings of the United States Senate , and it is not one that he held in the majority , and it is not one that permits space for compromise now that he's in the minority .
I 'm not accusing anyone of insincerity on these points , but just as many people discover religion in the face of tragedy , the GOP appears to have discovered philosophy in the face of a Democratic majority .
Photo credit : White House Photo by Pete Souza .
For many years , although the EPA acknowledged that effective screening for body burdens of heavy metals ( e.g. , lead and mercury ) could be accomplished with tissue samples , such as fingernails and hair , conventional medicine demonized this practice by integrative practitioners .
About face !
Conventional medical research now links body burden of lead not only to cognitive dysfunction but also to high blood pressure and other health problems .
Likewise , the heart health of patients exposed to mercury has been shown to suffer .
And the case of Dan Roehm , MD , hauled before the Florida Board of Medicine , has set the stage for allowing mineral analysis of the hair as a way to screen for exposure to heavy metals .
Cadmium is the latest metal of concern .
Dr. Aimin Chen at the University of Cincinnati has concluded that cadmium exposure can lower IQ even more significantly than does lead .
Recent lab testing by the Associated Press found that cadmium could be present in children ’s jewelry at levels exceeding 90 percent of the item ’s total weight .
What do children do with jewelry ?
As any parent can tell you :
They put it in their mouths !
According to Harvard professor Dr. Robert O. Wright , “ Just small amounts of chemicals may radically alter development . ”
Wright ’s work has demonstrated that as exposure to cadmium grows , children are more likely to manifest learning disabilities .
When is all of conventional medicine going to wake up ?
Share This Post
AUSTIN , Tex . 
Leaving behind a rant against the government , big business and particularly the tax system , a computer engineer smashed a small aircraft into an office building where nearly 200 employees of the Internal Revenue Service were starting their workday Thursday morning , the authorities said .
The pilot , identified as Andrew Joseph Stack III , 53 , of north Austin , apparently died in the crash , and one other person was unaccounted for .
Late Thursday , two bodies were pulled from the site , though the authorities would not discuss the identities of those found , The Associated Press reported .
Two serious injuries were also reported in the crash and subsequent fire , which initially inspired fears of a terrorist attack and drew nationwide attention .
But in place of the typical portrait of a terrorist driven by ideology , Mr. Stack was described as generally easygoing , a talented amateur musician with marital troubles and a maddening grudge against the tax authorities .
“ I knew Joe had a hang - up with the I.R.S. on account of them breaking him , taking his savings away , ” said Jack Cook , the stepfather of Mr. Stack ’s wife , in a telephone interview from his home in Oklahoma .
“ And that ’s undoubtedly the reason he flew the airplane against that building .
Not to kill people , but just to damage the I.R.S. ”
Without A Head On Your Shoulder
The Ocean Job
13 Going On 300
Citizen Rambo
Honey , I Shrunk The Terminator
The Princess And The Cobbler
Bill And Ted 's Excellent Space Odyssey
Meet The Sith
An American Rugrat In Paris
The Italian Titanic
The Imaginarium Of Doctor Strangelove
Scooby Doo And The Nightmare On Elm Street
The Usual Squarepants Movie
The Fantastic Mr Todd
No Country For Old School
The Lion , The Witch And Zombieland
Free Willy Or Die Hard
Harry Potter And The Big Lebowski
Get Potter
Harry Potter And The Road
Lock , Stock , And The Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants
The Wizard Of Thunderdome
Passion Of The Hancock
Bridges Of Mad Max County
Pink Floyd's The Wall•E
A Clockwork Orange County
A Boy And His Toy Story
The Brockovich Identity
Snow White And Se7en
Michael Jackson's
This Is Spinal Tap
Ocean 's Chamber Of Secrets
Cinderella And Cash
Fear And Loathing In Casablanca
Cinderella Scissorhands
A Nightmare On 34th Street
The Nightmare Before Christmas With The Kranks
Clash Of The Titanic
Breaking Red Dawn
Juno Knows Best
Monty Python And The Seventh Seal
300 Days Of Night
Thelma And Robocop
Forrest Of Arabia
Mrs. Doubtfire Almighty
Mr Smith Goes To Cloverfield
Sister Action Movie
MA.I.trix
Alien vs. The Incredibles
Starsky And Hutch 's Training Day
The Good , The Bad And The Omen
Alice In Wonderland 's Inferno
Sky Captain And The King Of Thieves
Star Trek II : Electric Boogaloo
The Shawshank Rendition
The Shawshank Intervention
Clive Barker 's Airplane !
Requiem For A Muppet Movie
Jaws On A Plane
Animal House Of Payne
Indiana Jones And The Last Of The Mohicans
Get Carter Back To The Future
Saving Private Silverman
The Shawshank Identity
The Shawshank Supremacy
The Shawshank Ultimatum
Bridget Jones 's Matrix
Zack & Miri Make A Minority Report
Zack & Miri Make An Iron Man
My Big Fat Greek Gladiator
Good Luck Chuckie
Driving Miss Daisy Into The Blue
James And The Giant Twister
Inglourious Chipmunks : The Squeakquel
Mom And Dad Save Private Ryan
Pulp Nixon
Singing In The Rainman
Dances With Reservoir Dogs
Kate And Nixon
Dances With Hoes
My Fair Brady
Jay And Silent Bob Make A Porno
Fat Race
Tango And Cash Go To White Castle
The Lord Of The Rings : Return Of The Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull
Hellboy In The Striped Pajamas
Miracle In Las Vegas
Weekend At Michael Clayton's
Bring Me The Head Of Citizen Kane
Weekend At Blade Runner's
The Death Race Express
Hellboy 2 : The Golden Compass
Monty Python And The Golden Compass
The Magnificent Seven Dwarves
The Longest Descent
Catch Me If You Can At Guantanamo Bay
Star Wars Episode III : Revenge Of The Nerds
4 Weddings And A Sith
Hellboy II : The GoldenEye
The Devil Wears Purple Rain
Star Wars Episode II : Attack Of The Princess Bride
The League Of Extraordinary Clerks
Meet The Addams Family
Iron Man On Fire
Training Day Of The Dead
The Amityville Horror Picture Show
Butch Cassidy And The Goblet Of Fire
Apollo 13 Ghosts
The Ghost Ship And The Darkness
Freddy Got Krueger'd
A Time To Kill Bill
Be Kind , Kill Bill
Harry Potter And The Road To El Dorado
The Matrix Redemption
Observe And Let Die
The Hills Have The Ring
Murder On The Pineapple Express
Murder On The Polar Express
Spongebob Squarepants And The Journey To The Center Of The Earth
Twelve Angry Men In Black
Ocean 's District Nine
Sleepless In Troy
Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Naked Lunch
Unbreakable In Seattle
Sleepless In The Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants
Sleepless In U - 571
Scarface , Interrupted
The Longest Road
Sleepless In Das Boot
Cloudy With A Chance Of 35 Shots Of Rum
The Good , The Bad And The Thing
The Pursuit Of The Shining
Avatar : Cultural Learnings Of Pandora For Make Benefit Glorious Nation Of Kazakhstan
Sister Act 2 : Bring It On
Watership Up
Shanghai Talladega Knights
No Country For Transformers
The Dark First Knight
The Six Million Dollar Man Who Would Be King
Flushed Away In 80 Days
Farenheit 300
I , Shrek
Bram Stoker 's Super Size Me !
Martin Scorsese's Casino Royale
Lawrence Of The Ring
Three Weddings , Once Upon A Time In Mexico , And A Funeral
Star Bride Wars
Vanilla Fight Club
Dr. Strangelove , Or , How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love The Hangover
Angels In The Matrix
Cloverfield Of Dreams
The Phantom Of The Grindhouse
Mad Max And The 12 Dancing Princesses
Mad Max 2 : Days Of Thunderdome
Lock , Stock , And The Holy Grail
Danny Boyle 's Little Miss Sunshine
Sam Peckinpah's Salad Days
House Of Flying Jaws
The Good , The Bad And The Terminator
Crouching Tiger , Hidden Predator
The Day After The Earth Stood Still
Crouching Tigger , Hidden Pooh
Mulholland Driving Miss Daisy
Independence Day Of The Dead
Shaun Of The Casino
Mister Holland Falling Down
Planes , Trains And Spaceballs
Danny Devito Does Dallas
2012 : A Space Odyssey
Twelve Angry AI
Grand Theft Manos
Chinatown Knights
Pi Me To The Moon
When Harry Met X - Men
Harry And The Stupids
Schindler 's Dogs
The Cabinet Of Dr. No
James Bond And The Princess Bride
The 40 - Year - Old Knocked - Up Virgin
The Hitchhiker 's Guide To The Imperium
The 10,000 Fingers Of Dr. Strangelove
Taxi Driving Miss Daisy
Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber Of Sesame Street
Amadeus Lives Upstairs
When Harry Met Tootsie
My Name Is John Malkovich
Castaway Bebop
V For Virgin
Lord Of The Flies Sleepaway Camp .
Full Metal Spaceballs
Saw 2 : The Legend of Curly's Gold
The Ring II : Hell 's Bells
The Assassination Of Austin Powers By The Coward Robert Ford
The Full Metal Monty
There Will Be Deliverance
Monty Python And The Flags Of Our Fathers
Do The Right The Thing
Back To The Color Purple
Hostel Rwanda
Blood Graphite
Ice Pirates Of Penzance
Dances With Coyote Ugly
Reign Of Fire In The Age Of Cholera
To Kill A Thunderbird
Courtesy of an IRC conversation with The SCP Foundation
A few months ago I mentioned mcplay as an alternative to the time - honored but unfortunately departed cplay .
mcplay is intended to be a close mimic to the dead program , written in C as opposed to Python .
At the time I made no real distinction between the two , since my concern was mostly with function , but as yasen mentioned , I should have .
I had a few extra moments today to tinker with both of those in Arch , and I believe yasen was right :
On extremely low - end hardware , the application built with C is probably preferable .
Consider :
That ’s cplay , and according to htop , Python is taking up about 1.1 percent of the 512Mb I have in this machine , which means roughly 5 Mb .
( I wanted to use this script to get a closeup of how much each one is using specifically , but with both cplay and the script relying on Python , the results were occluded . )
Now compare that with its clone .
mcplay is hovering around 0.4 percent of the same available memory , which puts it at about 2 Mb .
In both cases , the space taken up by the ogg123 application , which does the real work for both frontends , is a meager 0.4-0.6 Mb depending on the file and the workload .
The difference between 2 Mb and 5 Mb on modern machines is barely noticeable ; most applications these days take up spaces 20 or 30 times those amounts , and no one bats an eye .
On machines as old as this one though , or on machines that suffer from a severe memory handicap , those three megabytes can be critical .
And remember that in this instance , we ’re only talking about an application that runs against the console , maintains a list of file names and feeds them to an outside application for playback .
Imagine a Python application that is quite sizable , running on a graphical desktop , requiring an assortment of additional derivatives to function , and you can extrapolate beyond those meager three megabytes .
So I will nod in acceptance that yasen was right , and I should have taken into account the fact that program weight can be directly attributable to their programming language .
If you are also plunking along on your Pentium machine and you have the choice between programs , for the sake of memory use it might behoove you to look for alternatives that are written in other languages . 🙂
When I was a child I was the only person who did n't believe in God that I knew .
Everyone else had either been born into one of the major brands of Christianity , or at very least they 'd accepted , by a process of social osmosis , the idea of God , even if they remained , for all practical purposes , indifferent .
And that 's the good thing about the recent ascendancy of our belief , or rather our disbelief .
For atheism does not presuppose , let alone impose , a set of views .
All it does is unite us in religious scepticism about the existence of gods .
Gods plural because , of course , even within one of the religious brands quite a few variations on God are made available .
So today is important because it tells people that atheism is all right .
I did n't know it was all right .
This greatly intensified my loneliness as a child .
When I tried to tell my grandmother my doubts - I was raised by grandparents on a tiny farm - she boxed my ears .
Ah , the solitary dissidents , the lonely thinkers , the people who may be the only disbeliever in a family or community .
To that extent we need to borrow from our enemies and have some missionary zeal .
Whilst we should avoid messiahs we need disciples to go out and spread the word and seek converts .
But as I 'll be arguing this morning we must also have to use our intellectual convictions to calm down the frenzies of faith .
I see some parallels here between atheism and homosexuality .
' The love that dare not speak its name ' as Oscar Wilde pronounced it .
Leading to millions living their life in the closet .
Atheism was , and to a large extent remains , the view that dare not speak its name .
And it 's only recently that I 've observed atheists coming out .
Finally confident enough to be , to borrow a gay slogan , loud and proud ( Incidentally , spare a thought for gay atheists ) .
But in becoming prouder and louder I want to argue that we should not be too loud .
And that we should not overestimate our importance as the tectonic plates of religion move slowly , rubbing against each other to cause mental and social earthquakes .
By all means let us congratulate each other - but let us not fall prey to hubris .
The disintegration of many a previously monolithic faith cannot be attributed or credited to us .
Roman Catholicism founders because conservative prelates have tried to undo the progress of Vatican II .
The faithful refuse to comply with anachronistic instructions on the pill and the condom .
They 're embarrassed by their Church 's archaic stance on women and appalled by the ongoing attempts to cover up paedophilia scandals .
Others bitterly resent the undermining of liberation theology - those valiant social justice campaigns .
Or the stacking of the pulpits of Western Europe with arch conservative priests from Poland .
The woes of the Catholic Church are self inflicted .
We 've barely laid a glove on them .
Ditto for the Anglican Church which is increasingly stacked to the rafters with agnostics while Australian Anglicanism and US Episcopalians self destruct over the issues of women priests and continuing ecclesiastic homophobia .
But even the foundering of major faiths does n't necessarily swell our numbers .
There 's evidence that the major faiths have atomised , Balkanised into the ongoing nonsense of cults , the New Age and pseudo science .
Religious energy , like energy itself , cannot be destroyed .
It tends to morph into new forms .
Twenty years ago Dick Smith and I aided and abetted the creation of the Australian Sceptics , the local branch of CSICOP - the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal .
CSICOP deals with displaced religiosity .
Much of the loss of the market share for big brand religious beliefs was split up between the Pentecostalists with their shopping mall religions or the fast faith franchises , largely generated in California , right alongside the dream factory of Hollywood .
Two worlds that overlap to an extraordinary extent .
Far from winning , the Sceptics and CSICOP have lost ground to Millenarian and Shirley Macleanish madness .
Turn on cable or free to air telly and you 'll see an ever increasing number of programs based on paranormal detectives while John Edwards and his fellow frauds talk to the dead .
And the amount of space in newspapers given to astrology has by no means decreased .
We live in a parallel universe to these people .
The beliefs and behaviours that came from the Baptismal font in mainstream faiths have simply deformed and reformed .
Yes , atheism is on the march in the US , according to statistics .
But we 're starting from a very , very low base .
And we should look across the census figures at the equally dramatic growth of Islam in the US .
It 's not coming from immigration but from conversion .
Conversion within the prison system !
Malcolm X and Mohammed Ali certainly started something .
So beware of triumphalism .
Over the last half century I 've learnt that my euphoria about atheism 's progress , inevitable to us , about the advance of science leading to the retreat of God , was wildly optimistic .
Yet the triumph of science , even in the scientifically triumphant US , has failed to convince the vast majority of Americans that evolution is a fact rather than a blasphemy .
Members of religions see atheists as their mortal enemies .
Not immortal , of course , because atheists do n't linger on through all eternity .
We simply return to the nothingness that preceded our birth .
Religions ' immortal enemy is religion .
We might shake our puny fists at the Vatican , at Islamic fundamentalism , at the religious right who turbo- charge the US Republican party - but it is the ancient and modern squabbles , the murderous contests between faiths and within them , that dwarf our dissent .
Hitchens , Dawkins and the rest of us are , at best , at worst , the most minor of irritants .
The ancient and recent Christian crusades against Islam , the titanic struggle of the Protestant heretics against Mother Church , the recent internecine horrors in the Balkans , the genocidal hatred of the Jews incited by Martin Luther that evolved into Holocaust - these are the big stories .
Savanarola was burnt at the stake by fellow Catholics - as was Joan of Arc. Atheists neither gathered the faggots nor fanned the flames .
When religions are not at war with each other they tear themselves apart .
We cannot take the credit for the dramatic decline in religious observation in most Western nations .
At last count , 90 per cent of Australian Catholics were not attending Mass .
But that 's not because of our arguments .
It 's because of their arguments with their priests , bishops and the more recent Popes , particularly those from Poland and Germany .
Take us out of the equation and that rapid erosion will continue , perhaps accelerate .
It 's even observable in the United States amongst the Pentacostalists .
Just as the hippies were a reaction against stultifying and emotionally stunted parents , a great many children of US fundamentalists are shrugging off the dogmas of Mum and Dad .
At very least they 're moving at least fractionally towards the left .
And American religious excess has certainly helped dim the flames of faith as far away as Western Europe .
But it is important for us to realise - and let me borrow a couple of metaphors from the realms of cutlery - that it 's self inflicted wounds that have done the most damage - particularly the Christian variants - than the cut and thrust of the atheists ' arguments .
We are , perhaps , the beneficiaries of this process but we cannot claim the credit .
Nor have we laid a glove on Islam or Hinduism .
They are indifferent to us and our arguments .
No , indifferent is n't the word , as in some Muslim countries our lives might well be at risk .
You could argue , perhaps , that secular atheistic Jews are in constant conflict with the orthodox and ultra orthodox in Israel .
Not that they seem to have won too many rounds ( After all , Israel began its life as a secular state and , over the generations , has had to abandon territory to the religious right .
They might n't yield territory to the Palestinians but the religiously xenophobic do n't seem to have lost much influence ) .
So perhaps we should reconsider our role , our allotted tasks , as people who believe in none of this nonsense we might see ourselves as honest brokers .
Negotiate in their all consuming conflicts .
Given our anthropological detachment from Messianic and Milleranian madness , from the boiling hatreds between Sunni and Shiia , we might share the role of the Norwegians .
They 're not particularly powerful or numerous but fight above their weight in hosing down dangerous situations .
Confronted by rabid religiosity people who do n't believe could try to ameliorate the hatreds of those who do .
Mind you , you could mount an argument that that 's exactly what the likes of us have been doing for the past few centuries .
As to trying to convert the believer to disbelief - I tried that for the last half century and found it not only a fruitless but thankless task .
A confession I must admit to is being swept up in a religion as a teenager .
I became , during the 1950s , when the Cold War was at its coldest and McCarthyism at its height , a member of the Australian Communist Party .
I was 15 when I signed up and 18 when I was kicked out .
And one of the reasons I lost my faith in atheistic communism was because it revealed itself as a parody of the Catholic Church .
Catholicism had Rome , Communists had Moscow .
Catholics had God the Father and his son Jesus .
Communists had Karl Marx as God and Lenin as the saviour .
They had the Bible , we had Das Kapital .
They 'd had Martin Luther and we'd had Trotsky .
Both of us had forms of dogma , the show trial , confession , heresy , expulsion .
Both published an Index of books not to read .
I remember noticing the eerie parallels between cheap Catholic tracts sold by the Catholic 's Evidence Guild and cheap Marxist tracts sold at the international book shop perhaps a mile from where we are today .
One tract would warn against heresy .
The other against revisionism .
One would have the upturned bearded face of Christ on the cover , the other the upturned bearded face of Lenin .
Towards the end of my involvement in the party I used to swap them over , putting communist tracts into the racks surrounding a Gothic column in St Patrick 's Cathedral - and smuggling the Catholic counterparts into the small Marxist bookshop .
God knows ,
Marx knows , what happened as a consequence .
How many Catholics were converted to communism , how many Commos accepted Christ as their own personal saviour .
I mention these parallels to dramatise that the atheist can be as susceptible to authority and dogma as the Catholic .
And that 's one of the reasons I differ in emphasis from Christopher and Richard .
Just as I differed totally from Christopher on the war in Iraq .
I 've been an atheist for 66 years .
I became atheist at the age of five , a decade before I knew what an atheist was .
Before I 'd even heard the word .
But as a little boy , the son of a Christian minister , I realised I could n't believe , that the notion of God was totally redundant .
The great argument for God was that there had to be a Creation , a beginning .
Some sort of cosmic orgasm that got things going .
But my objection was simple .
If God was the beginning who began God ?
When I was discovering why I was not a communist I read Bertrand Russell 's Why I Am Not a Christian .
In it he explained that he was 18 or 19 when he asked himself that all important question .
If God was the beginning who began God ?
And it was at that moment that he lost the last vestiges of faith .
But I understand the yearning for belief .
The poignancy , the wanting to believe .
It is driven , principally , by the fear of death .
Christians postulate a lopsided creation in which personal existence goes on and on and on for billions of years in Heaven .
Yet that creation had a sudden , magical beginning with God .
I realised , at the age of five , that I 'd already been dead forever .
Because what happened before birth - all those billions of years of non-existence was identical to what happened after death .
Now , although I share much of the anger , indignation and rage that Hitchens and Dawkins express I am well aware of that vastation of terror that greets anyone who considers their mortality .
I started writing about that terror in columns almost half a century ago .
It was , I believe , the first time these issues were raised in an Australian newspaper .
As I took advantage of the fact that they were evolving from newspapers to viewspapers .
Unable to compete with the urgency and immediacy of electronic media newspapers were opening their pages to interpretation of last night 's news and could be encouraged to give space to philosophical meanderings .
So I used that window of opportunity to start discussing , in newspapers like The Age , The Australian and the Sydney Morning Herald , the notion of living in a meaningless universe , without author or purpose - its only destiny to go cold and dark in obedience to the second law of thermo dynamics .
The notions of personal mortality , our denial of death or its burial in euphemism - are central to most religious belief .
For a while the attacks in response were deafening and strident but , little by little , I got a sort of a dialogue going with people of faith - which I still find valid .
Because on a vast variety of the social issues - the social justice issues that I care about - people whose beliefs I find ridiculous can become my colleagues .
A decade ago Australia went through the most appalling wave of bigotry in the way it addressed the so - called problems of a few refugees .
Building on the paranoia of white Australia , the Pauline Hansons and John Howards - and sadly some on my side of politics - prove that under the veneer of tolerance Australians remained deeply racist .
On that issue amongst the first people to sign up for justice for refugees were Jesuit intellectuals and Josephite nuns .
Just as Jews played a major role in the civil rights movement in the US - yes , largely secular Jews but nonetheless operating within a Jewish religious tradition - just as Jews joined with black leaders like Luther King to overthrow America 's apartheid , members of Australian religious organisations ( by no means enough of them , in very small numbers ) manned the barricades .
As they did on Aboriginal rights .
As they do on a wide variety of issues .
While it 's true that atheists have to put up with bullshit from the religious that deny us any claim to ethics or morality we must not make the same mistake .
There are atheists who refuse to accept the possibility that Christians , for example , can be taken seriously as social reformers .
They argue that they do it for the religious counterpart to frequent flyer points .
In its crudest form , they argue that only the atheist can be truly ethical .
Well , tell that to the Reverend Martin Luther King or the many black and white Christians who played a leading part in overthrowing the repulsive race laws that had been established by the Dutch Reform Church and justified by their distorted theology .
We saw much the same thing with slavery .
Christians , even Quakers , could justify the slave trade .
Nonetheless , Christians following Wilberforce worked mightily to destroy it .
Atheists , finally , do n't believe .
But that does n't make us better or nobler or finer people .
At least , not necessarily .
Many of the great crimes of the 20th century can be laid as much at our door as at the doors of the churches .
Atheists , like Christians , can be the best or worst of people .
We do not have a monopoly on intelligence , on ethics or decency .
Yes , their beliefs - whether New Age nonsense or full blown Catholicism - range from the ludicrous to the loathsome .
Yes , the Catholic Church 's sickening attitude to human sexuality leads to paedophilia on a monstrous scale .
Its nonsense about virgin births and immaculate conceptions and the superiority of celibacy so distorts the human psyche that , decades ago , when making a film on prostitution and the sex industry , I discovered an overwhelming majority of prostitutes had had convent educations .
And when I pointed this out in a series of newspaper columns , linking it to similar findings in the UK , which found that a remarkably high percentage of men and women in the sex trades were Roman Catholics , led to me being the target of a Catholic fatwah .
On one particular Sunday an edict was read out from every Catholic pulpit in this country saying that it was a sin to read any newspaper that printed me or to listen to any radio station that broadcast me .
And I had n't even mentioned the paedophilia problem because , at the time , I did n't know it existed .
But when I look at these phenomena I am not moved to hate Roman Catholics so much as I am to pity them .
And I want atheists to view these people , dragooned into belief since childhood , or coming upon them later in life as a consequence of the most profound of fears , the fear of death , with a degree of understanding and compassion .
It 's true that such tolerance has never been extended to us and remains singularly absent in most major religions .
The atheist remains an ultimate outsider , someone to be demonised , feared and detested .
But that 's their problem , not ours .
The current frenzy for faith , and fundamentalism , may be as I 've occasionally speculated , the storm before the lull .
The last gasp of religion as it yields to the mighty analysis and discoveries of science .
That might be the case .
But the confidence that I had in my teens - that religion would be dead by the end of the 20th century - that the synagogues , cathedrals and mosques would be museums - was foolhardy in the extreme .
Indeed , while the religious monoliths did seem to be crumbling , the spontaneous combustion of ever more foolish faiths in the supernatural smorgasbord of cults , largely created in California , and in the tenacity of superstition to remain alive and well even in its trickle - down form of those astrological features in daily newspapers , remains awesome .
Furthermore I 'm assailed by people who argue that while God did n't exist , does n't exist , he she or it is coming into existence through the new technologies .
That the internet is the harbinger of a vast new form of consciousness that will fill the galaxies and will , in some strange way , neutralise the second law of thermo-dynamics .
Now I think this is twaddle .
But it shows that even amongst people who claim to be totally secular , who would see themselves as being atheists of some degree , there 's always a danger of creating a new ism or ology that , like communism at its worst , may have a disastrous impact .
Yes , we must rage against religious extremism .
But we must also be intelligent enough to understand its origins , in the individual and in society .
We are not strong enough , we do n't have sufficient numbers to change the balance of power .
The fact that religious belief may have evaporated in western Europe , that it really ceased to exist in Japan , that does not mean that we 've won .
It simply means that in many areas religion has lost .
But giving up on religious belief is not the same as becoming a thoughtful , highly rational atheist .
There may be 2,500 of us here today but we are still a tiny minority .
Most people who 've abandoned religion have not embraced the thoughts and values we might try and articulate .
They 've taken up shopping .
They are dulling the pain of existence in the mall , by buying things they do n't need with the credit cards they can't afford .
Or they 're dulling the pain in alcohol or narcosis .
Or they 're just sitting in front of the telly or the computer screen bathing themselves in violent drama or hyper violent games .
In pornography or the pornographies of violence .
Do n't be fooled into thinking that we 're at the edge of victory .
That would be a delusion .
It concerns me that by becoming too arrogant , too strident , too aggressive we will stultify rather than intensify debate .
I 've known Christopher Hitchens for decades and know how he operates .
In any area , on no matter what he 's tackling , he has two positions .
On or off .
And when he's on he can be absolutely exhilarating .
I remember chortling with delight at his attacks on Mother Theresa - when he called for Henry Kissinger to be tried as a war criminal .
But I was horrified when he threw his lot in with the Bush administration and the neo cons .
Mind you , many of the neo cons started their intellectual life as Christopher did , as Trotskyites .
In other words whenever Christopher is writing something he cannot help but pound the keyboard like a pianist playing one of the noisier works of Rachmaninoff .
His response to what he correctly sees as Islamist fascism brooks no argument and takes no prisoners .
It goes straight to shock and awe , to the botched invasion of Iraq and ends up with up to a million dead ( Not that we 'll ever know the figure because a body count has always been studiously avoided ) and Abu Ghraib .
And Christopher remains unapologetic .
Because that 's the way he thinks and that 's the way he writes .
And nobody does that sort of thing better .
Much of what Richard writes and says and broadcasts has the same ... energy .
I propose , if you like , a third way while recognising how devalued that notion has become in politics .
But a willingness to sit down and talk to these people who are not necessarily our enemies and who may , on a raft of issues , be our friends .
Sometimes their efforts to be our friends are grotesque and ludicrous .
I think of the Templeton prizewinners , the long list of scientists , almost all of whom I have either known or interviewed at length , cop a million dollars for building bridges of understanding - usually misunderstandings between science and Christian beliefs .
But when it comes to human suffering , whilst I can see that much of it has been exacerbated by religion , we must accept the reality that we need 'em on our side if we are to effect social change .
There was a time when , for example , the Christian world seemed wholly unsympathetic to the climate change crisis .
But there is now a strong movement , within Christianity , to see the destruction of the planet as a form of blasphemy .
People of religious faith are , in my view , more to be pitied than blamed .
They are , I believe , victims of the faiths they profess .
But there are countless millions of them who are decent human beings .
As decent as the 2,500 gathered here today .
And I return to that notion of the atheist as honest broker .
Of the atheist as go - between .
Of the atheist who can sit down with Protestant , Catholic , Sunni and Shiia , Muslim and Hindu and try to talk some sense into them .
And I 've done it .
I 've conducted little experiments along these lines by getting myself invited to some very strange places .
For example , Australia 's leading Pentecostal ministers - running vast churches - had me along to talk to them about atheism .
I described myself as a mangy old lion in a den of Christians and got a very good hearing .
And by the end of the discussion I like to think that they would not be so quick to condemn , demonise of vilify atheists in the future .
In running this line at this conference I realise that it will not be popular , that it 's much more fun to shake the fist and pound the table .
But in a world where the religious have done so much of that for millennia , and continue to do it in the 21st century , somebody 's got to be sane .
And sanity is , or should be , a characteristic of atheism .
And may the blessings of Bertrand Russell rain down upon you .
Footnote
While I do not believe in the resurrection of Jesus Christ I 'm here to tell you that other apparent corpses have a remarkable ability to resurrect themselves .
Only moments ago Obama 's victory signalled the end of the Republican Party .
Now , a little over a year after his inauguration day , the Republicans are reviving .
Not by compromising , not by changing the packaging , but by becoming even madder than ever .
The Rush Limbaughs , Sarah Palins , Tea Parties , Fox News and its loony luminaries , are looking forward to the mid-terms where there will be a bounce back .
The pundits , as ever , were totally unreliable .
Ditto for the death of religion .
It rises like Lazarus , like the phoenix from the ashes .
In some cases it does some repackaging .
So that Creationism is slightly redefined as intelligent design .
But much of it goes in the opposite direction , becoming even more reckless and Fundamentalist , more mediaeval .
Faith , blind faith in all its forms , in all its weird and wacky variations , behaves like a virus .
Just when you think you 've got it on the run it mutates into something even more infectious , even deadlier .
And the immune system of human societies is n't getting significantly stronger .
In the last century 150 million people died in wars and genocides .
We would argue that religion played a major role in those statistics .
There 's little evidence of it ameliorated fanaticism and much that exacerbated it .
How will we fare in the 21st century ?
It certainly not off to an encouraging start .
Truly world wars may be fading but the intensification of local , nationalist , civil and other forms of conflict are on the increase .
And we have yet to see what will happen when , inevitably , terrorist groups , motivated by religion , get their hands on biological or nuclear weapons .
When one or more of scores of would - be Saddam Husseins really do get weapons of mass destruction .
Yes , there are pockets of progress .
But they 're offset by black holes of brutal beliefs .
It 's a fight that 's been going on for centuries , millennia .
And it 's not over yet .
This is an edited version of a speech Phillip Adams gave last weekend at the 2010 Global Atheist Convention .
A ROAD rage teenage driver repeatedly targeted a cyclist and left him fearing for his life .
Burnley Crown Court heard how unbeknown to Benjamin Harrison , 18 , his victim was police inspector Martin Melvin .
Nine times he almost mowed down DI Melvin , aiming for him on the pavement , striking his handle - bars , forcing him off his bike into trees , threatening to kill him and hurling stones and coins at him .
The victim had no escape route and had no choice but to continue his journey on the almost deserted road , the court heard .
Mr Melvin , who had just left Burnley police station , arrived at his home 20 minutes after his prolonged ordeal visibly shaking .
He had taken Harrison ’s registration number and the defendant was later arrested .
Harrison , of Low Bank , Burnley , admitted dangerous driving in Accrington Road , Burnley , and common assault .
Recorder Graham Wood , QC , who said Mr Melvin was a “ bit of an unfortunate choice of victim ” , gave him nine months in jail , suspended for two years , with 12 months supervision and 100 hours unpaid work .
He was banned from driving for two years and must pay £ 750 costs .
Recorder
Wood told the defendant he had been “ very fortunate indeed ” to keep his freedom and warned him not to let his family and himself down .
Sarah Statham , prosecuting , said Harrison did not know his victim was a detective inspector and behaved as he did because his victim was a cyclist .
DI Melvin , in his cycling gear and helmet , was travelling from Burnley towards Accrington on the evening of July 3 , when Harrison pulled alongside him , sounded his horn and began to shout loudly .
During the incident Harrison came into contact with the victim ’s handlebars , forced him to veer on the grass verge , waved a clenched fist towards DI Melvin and shouted : “ Get off the road .
I will run you off the road .
I will kill you .
Get off the road . ”
He also sounded his horn repeatedly , threw stones and drove straight at the victim from about 10 yards in front of him .
The prosecutor said the defendant was arrested at his parents ’ home .
He asked officers : “ Can I not just apologise ? ”
Harrison was questioned twice but was not entirely frank on either occasion , the court was told .
In his first interview , he clai - med the cyclist made a gesture and at first he thought it was someone he knew .
The hearing heard how in his second interview , Harrison made further admissions and said he had turned round twice .
Supporters of health care reform need money — a lot of money — to pay for it .
So it 's not surprising that they would try to get it from the people with the most money to spare .
Hence the so - called millionaire 's tax , a levy embedded in the House health care bill .
As the noted philanthropist ( with other people 's money ) and House Ways and Means Committee chairman , Rep. Charles Rangel ( D - N.Y. ) , explained , lawmakers are targeting big earners because it " causes the least amount of pain on the least amount of people . "
That 's the theory , anyway .
In fact , the millionaire 's tax is a good example of how poorly some politicians understand the policies they propose .
At press time , the Senate was still debating the bill 's details .
But the health care bill that the House narrowly approved in November included a 5.4 percent tax on the portion of gross income ( which includes capital gains and dividends ) that exceeds $ 500,000 for individuals and $ 1 million for a couple .
The surtax would apply to tax years that begin after December 31 , 2010 .
So the first sign that the tax will hit more than millionaires is the fact that it targets half - millionaires from the get - go .
The idea 's main selling point is that the in -crease would hit only 0.3 percent of tax filers — roughly 400,000 people — yet would raise $ 460.5 billion over the next 10 years .
Congress ' Joint Committee on Taxation estimated that the new rate would affect only 1.2 percent of relatively small business owners , including sole proprietorships ( that is , businesses owned by just one person ) , partnerships ( owned by a few people ) , and S corporations ( which have up to 75 shareholders ) .
But because the tax is n't indexed for inflation , over time it will apply to more taxpayers as inflation affects income levels .
Sound familiar ?
It should , because this is how the alternative minimum tax ( AMT ) became such a nightmare .
The AMT was created in 1969 to prevent just 155 wealthy taxpayers from using deductions and credits to avoid paying any federal income taxes .
Because it was not indexed for inflation , it came to affect an ever - growing share of the population , prompting Congress to pass a patch each year limiting its reach ; next year , without the patch , it is projected to strike 27.4 million Americans — nearly 20 percent of the country 's taxpayers .
And even with the patch , the AMT hits far more than just millionaires :
In 2009 , it swept up 4 million families living in high - tax states who merely took multiple deductions for dependents and houses .
The same process would happen with the millionaire tax .
According to the Tax Policy Center , a joint venture of the Urban Institute and the Brookings Institution ( not exactly anti-tax organizations ) , by 2019 the number of taxpayers subjected to the health care bill 's tax will have doubled .
If inflation hits harder than the center 's analysts assume , the number will be even higher .
Either way , it will keep climbing , gradually assimilating more and more people who never thought they'd be considered super - rich .
And many people classified as millionaires are n't millionaires at all .
Out of the 300,000 or so joint tax filers earning more than $ 1 million , about 90 percent have small business income .
That 's because 75 percent of America 's small businesses are structured as pass - through entities and pay their business taxes at the individual level .
So the $ 1 million is n't going into those individuals ' pockets ; it 's money they use to run their businesses .
To avoid the new tax , those businesses would have to adopt a new structure and start paying the complicated corporate income tax .
As income taxes increase on very productive people and small businesses , they will be less willing to hire or keep employees .
The top tax rate on business owners who pay taxes as individuals , as opposed to corporations , is now 35 percent .
It is already scheduled to rise to 39.6 percent on January 1 , 2011 , and under the House bill it would rise even higher , to 45 percent on taxable income of $ 500,000 for singles , $ 1 million for couples .
With state taxes , some combined rates could exceed 55 percent .
An acquaintance who manages a hedge fund told me , via email , " Economically , the play will disincentive folks like me to work — the tax now puts me well over the 50 % tax bracket , will give me an incentive to find better tax strategies to protect my wealth and earnings and ultimately lead to a DECREASE in jobs for the U.S. "
That 's what has happened in states that have adopted their own millionaire taxes .
In 2008 , for instance , Maryland created a millionaire bracket subject to a 6.25 percent tax .
When added to other state and local taxes , Marylanders could be hit with a rate as high as 9.45 percent .
That did n't worry the state 's governor , Martin O'Malley , who predicted that the 0.3 percent of filers affected would be " willing and able to pay their fair share . "
O'Malley was wrong .
One year later , a third of the millionaires had disappeared from Maryland tax rolls .
According to The Wall Street Journal , about 2,000 $ 1 million income tax returns were filed by the end of April 2009 , down from 3,000 in April 2008 .
Where have these millionaires gone ?
Most likely to a state with no millionaire tax , such as neighboring Virginia .
Would the same thing happen if the millionaire tax went federal ?
It is n't clear , the University of Michigan economist Joel B. Slemrod says in his 2000 book Does Atlas Shrug ?
The idea that heavy taxes on top incomes would entail huge economic distortions is somewhat ideological , he writes , and is n't rooted in serious empirical evidence .
Unlike the conspirators in Ayn Rand 's novel Atlas Shrugged , who escape government oppression by going on strike , real - world business leaders tend to keep on working and paying their taxes .
It 's harder to move to another country than it is to move to another state within the same country .
What 's more , the U.S. tax code is extremely punitive toward wealthy taxpayers who move abroad .
The United States is one of the few countries in the world that taxes its high - earning citizens on their income regardless of where they earn it or where they live .
And because some Americans abroad have tried to renounce their citizenship to escape the worldwide tax treatment , in 2008 Uncle Sam imposes an exit tax on those who want to escape .
This exit tax , worthy of authoritarian regimes , could very well dissuade Americans from leaving the U.S.
This means they would be stuck with no choice but to pay the millionaire tax in the U.S .
Council of Economic Advisers Chairwoman Christina Romer is more pessimistic , or at least was .
In a 2007 article written with her economist husband David , she concluded that tax changes — on millionaires or anyone else — " have very large effects : an exogenous tax increase of 1 percent of GDP lowers real GDP by roughly 2 to 3 percent . "
In other words , when you raise taxes , the economy shrinks .
Weighing these factors , at the very least a millionaire tax is likely to be astonishingly inefficient .
It is also unfair , and it would be unfair even if it were indexed to inflation .
According to the Congressional Budget Office , the top one - fifth of households already pay 69 percent of the costs of the federal government .
Now the millionaire 's tax is being tasked to pay for more than half the cost of the House bill .
Is it really fair to place that much of the burden on just 0.3 percent of the taxpayers ?
Contributing Editor Veronique de Rugy ( vderugy@gmu.edu ) is a senior research fellow at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University .
Now obviously , the strengths and weaknesses of any health care reform bill depend upon what you see as its central purpose .
To me , that central purpose is to create a sustainable health care system that protects every American from having large medical expenses for essential care , and shields them from its consequences ( i.e. , bankruptcy , death ) .
That , I believe , is what Democrats have aspired for the last 60 years .
We also must take into account the core questions that will determine the bill 's political fate ( granted I would never consider myself to be politically astute ) :
Will people be able to afford the premiums even with the subsidies ?
Even if people are able to afford the premiums , will people be able to afford the cost - sharing ?
Will the bill make health insurance affordable for everyone and not just some average person ?
Will the people who purchase health insurance on the Exchange have a similar risk profile to those in employer - based health insurance ?
Will there be enough regulations to have insurance companies on the Exchange compete on the quality of their services rather than the people who they select ?
As most Kossacks know , I strongly prefer , with the exception of sin taxes , the financing the bill entirely through the health care system ( i.e. , Medicare cuts , the excise tax , capping the employer tax exclusion ) than having part of the bill be financed outside the health care system ( i.e. , with the millionaire tax , payroll tax , VAT tax ) simply because only health care costs rise as fast as health care costs .
Financing outside the health care system amounts to installing a ticking time bomb of when you have to raise taxes again .
As many Kossacks also know , I 'm pretty indifferent to the public option and the anti-trust exemption repeal .
Still , I feel the House bill is a more ambitious , more progressive , and demonstrably better bill than the Senate bill .
Here are at least 13 reasons why :
The House bill subjects the self - insured to the minimum benefit packages ; the Senate bill does not .
The House bill applies the community rating to all group markets , and conducts a study what causes organizations to self - insure .
The Senate bill applies the community rating to just the individual and small group market .
The House bill has a 2:1 age rating and no smoker rating ; the Senate bill has a 3:1 age rating and a 1.5:1 smoker rating .
The House bill does not have " prevention and wellness " discounts ; the Senate bill does .
The House bill has a 70 percent minimum actuarial value .
The Senate bill has a 60 percent minimum actuarial value , and worse allows those under 30 to purchase catastrophic policies ( actuarial value around 50 percent ) .
The House bill ’s subsidies for 133-300 percent FPL level are far more generous than that of the Senate bill .
The House bill has merely a hardship exemption from the individual mandate and imposes a 2.5 % income tax for not complying with the individual mandate .
The Senate bill has an 8 % income exemption , and begins a $ 750 / person , $ 375 / child penalty in 2017 .
The House bill has a much , much stronger employer mandate than Senate bill , which allows for employment discrimination against low - income workers .
The House bill has a federal Exchange ; the Senate bill has state - based Exchanges .
The House bill has competitive bidding , rate reviews , etc. for insurers even to get onto on the Exchange ; the Senate bill merely has reviews for rate increases .
The House bill forbids non-group insurance to be sold outside the Exchange ; the Senate does not .
The House bill explicitly forbids benefits outside of items on the minimum benefits package to be offered on the basic , enhanced value , and premium level tiers .
In the Senate bill , once a plan has fulfilled the items on the minimum benefits package at the tier ’s minimum actuarial value , the plan can offer items outside of the minimum benefits package that are attractive to young , healthy people ( i.e. , gym membership , dental care , eye care ) .
The House bill limits cost - sharing variation in a benefit category by ± 10 percent .
The Senate bill leaves this up to the HHS Secretary to limit cost - sharing by actuarial value .
Igor Volsky has an excellent chart comparing the President 's compromise to that of the House and the Senate bill :
Provision Obama 's Bill House Bill Senate Bill Affordability Improves the Senate bill ’s subsidies for lower income Americans .
Families below $ 44,000 and above $ 66,000 would pay less in premiums .
Also raises the percent of health costs that are paid by insurers from the Senate proposal .
Families earning below $ 55,000 would still receive more subsidies under the House bill , but Americans earning more than $ 55,000 would pay higher premiums ( as compared to Obama ’s proposal ) .
The percent of costs paid by the insurers is higher than Obama ’s proposal .
Families making under $ 55,000 would see higher premiums than Obama ’s proposal and the percent of costs paid for by health insurers is lower than Obama ’s proposal .
Excise Tax ‘ Labor agreement ’ for everyone .
Changes effective date of the Senate policy from 2013 to 2018 .
Raises the amount of premiums that are exempt from the assessment from $ 8,500 for singles to $ 10,200 and from $ 23,000 for families to $ 27,500 and indexes these amounts for subsequent years at general inflation plus 1 percent .
No excise tax .
40 % excise tax beginning in 2013 on individual polices worth $ 8,500 or higher and family policies starting at $ 23,000 .
Payroll Tax Adopts Senate bill approach and adds a 2.9 % assessment on unearned income .
5.4 % surcharge on high - income households .
Payroll tax increase of 0.9 % on earnings above a specific threshold for a total employee assessment of 2.35 % on these amounts .
Individual Mandate Mixed bag .
May be easier for younger Americans to opt out .
Lowers flat dollar amount to $ 695 by 2016 from the Senate bill and raises the alternative percent of income to House levels that individuals will pay for not having health insurance .
Hardship waiver when premiums over 8 % of their income , and couples under $ 18,700 are exempt from the requirement .
2.5 % of income by 2016 with a limit of the average national health premium .
Flat rate of $ 750 by 2016 and hardship waiver when premiums exceed 8 % of income .
Employer Mandate
No mandate , free rider provision .
Large employers ( 50 + workers ) have to pay a fee if employees receive subsidies .
Improves transition to free - rider policy by subtracting first 30 workers .
( A firm with 51 workers that does not offer coverage will pay an amount equal to 51 minus 30 , or 21 times the applicable per employee payment amount . )
The House bill requires a payroll tax for employers that do not offer health insurance that meets minimum standards .
No mandate , free rider provision .
Large employers have to pay a fee if taxpayers are supporting the health insurance for their workers .
Grandfathered plans Plans have to conform to new regulations .
Plans have cover adult dependents up to 26yo , prohibits rescission .
After exchanges begin in 2014 , plans ca n’t institute annual and lifetime limits or pre-existing condition exclusions .
Beginning in 2018 , the President ’s Proposal requires " grandfathered " plans to cover proven preventive services with no cost sharing .
" Grandfather " policy that allows people who like their current coverage , to keep it .
Abide by all rules after 5 years .
" Grandfather " policy that allows people who like their current coverage , to keep it .
Medicare Donut Hole Completely closes donut hole .
Replaces $ 500 increase threshold increase limit with a $ 250 rebate to Medicare beneficiaries who hit the donut hole in 2010 .
Closes donut hole by phasing down the coinsurance so it is the standard 25 % by 2020 throughout the coverage gap .
The House bill fully phases out the donut hole over 10 years .
Raise the dollar amount before the donut hole begins by $ 500 in 2010 .
The Senate bill provides a 50 % discount for certain drugs in the donut hole .
Raise the dollar amount before the donut hole begins by $ 500 in 2010 .
Based on this chart , President Obama clearly decided to take the politically easiest path to getting the bill passed .
[ Also , the President was very limited in what he could do because so many of the items , i.e. , the community rating and the minimum actuarial value , would be ruled out of order in the budget reconcilliation process . ]
That is fine given the difficulty of passing any major health care reform bill and the stakes for millions of Americans .
Just look at what the President did on the individual mandate , the employer mandate , the public option , the excise tax , and the self - insured .
Like Igor , I am concerned that the 8 percent income exemption will exempt too many 27 - year - old bachelors from the mandate , cause these people to go bare , and drive up the costs for everyone else .
I think the House 's position should have been adopted on this front .
The same is true of the employer mandate ; the House version should have been adopted .
The excise tax , which is replaced with ( cough , cough ) another middle - class tax increase of subjecting passive income above $ 200,000 / $ 250,000 to the Medicare payroll tax , has an exemption for dental and eye care , which a policy person would find offensive .
Such an exemption makes perfect sense on a political level , but is absolutely nuts on a policy level .
In a world of scarce resources , why are dental and eye care exempt from the tax but not maternity care , mental health , durable medical equipment , skilled nursing facilities , substance abuse treatment , etc . ?
If I had my way on the excise tax , I would have adopted Max Baucus 's ( Tom Daschle 's / Bob Dole 's / Howard Baker 's ) original idea of capping the employer tax exclusion at FEHBP BC / BS Standard Option ( $ 6,500 individual / $ 14,600 family ) , and indexed it to the NHE index , and mitigated the unfair age , gender , occupational , etc. effects by adopting the following House provisions :
The five - year grace period for grandfathered plans
The 2:1 community rating with no smoker rating
The application of the community rating to all markets , and the study on why people self - insure
The individual mandate
This would raise around $ 500 billion over 10 years .
The grandfathering of self - insured plans is another glaring example where the President took the politically easy path .
Those who get their health insurance through businesses which self - insure will get the removal of limits on coverage and free preventative care , but wo n't get the requirement that each plan has to meet the minimum actuarial value , has to cover certain items at some minimum level .
Without those mandated benefits , business who self - insure will skimp on the big bucks items such as maternity care , durable medical equipment , mental health , skilled nursing facilities , substance abuse treatment , and offer more benefits attractive to the non-users of health insurance ( i.e. , gym membership , dental care , eye care ) .
The result is that those with pre-existing conditions will have to shell out a much greater percentage of their income for health care -- precisely the opposite of what insurance is supposed to do .
I sincerely wished that the House had prevailed on its five - year grace period grandfathering provision -- even if it means 75 + million Americans would not be able to keep the coverage they currently enjoy .
Conclusion
Whatever passes will require lots of work over the next several years before the community rating , the individual mandate , the minimum benefits package , the Exchange , and the employer mandate go into effect .
That is to be expected .
While I continue to believe the House bill as whole is demonstrably better than the Senate bill as a whole , that is not relevant at this point since it is not an option .
At this point , I 'll happily accept even the inferior Senate bill .
Even the inferior Senate bill would still represent the biggest domestic social policy change in at least 40 + years -- let alone provide relief to millions of Americans , save hundreds of thousands of lives , and avert millions of bankruptcies .
That is the real prize of this bill and the entire point of the enterprise .
This bill is n’t about honoring political campaign promises , sticking it to the other guy , establishing grand theories of justice , or what have you .
It is simply about making the lives of millions of Americans less painful , less wrenching when they , their family members , or their fellow citizens get sick .
It 's as simple as that .
Every generation has its own moral challenge .
As a teenager , I listened to my grandmother tell me how 30 - 40 years ago she almost lost her job as a teacher due to her views on integration .
I find it unthinkable today that this country could have allowed children of different colors to go to different schools .
I am 30 years old .
I know I will be worse off with the Senate bill .
But I want 30 - 40 years from now my grandchildren to find it unthinkable that this country ever allowed its citizens to go broke -- let alone die -- just because they or their child got sick .
That is the moral challenge of our time .
The Senate ( and the House ) bill certainly will not get us to that moment I envision 30 - 40 years from now , but it will set us on a path to get to that moment .
We must remember that passage of this bill marks the beginning -- not the end -- of a new era .
The arc of history is long .
This health care reform bill bends that arc a little bit more towards justice .
Visitor from Deep Space
Comet Siding Spring appears to streak across the sky like a superhero in this new infrared image from NASA 's Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer , or WISE .
The comet , also known as C/2007 Q3 , was discovered in 2007 by observers in Australia .
› Full image and caption
At the Heart of Stellar Chaos
This infrared image taken by NASA 's Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer , or WISE , shows a star - forming cloud teeming with gas , dust and massive newborn stars .
The inset reveals the very center of the cloud , a cluster of stars called NGC 3603 .
It was taken in visible light by NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope .
› Full image and caption
Our Neighbor Andromeda
The immense Andromeda galaxy , also known as Messier 31 or simply M31 , is captured in full in this new image from NASA 's Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer , or WISE .
› Full image and caption
Warped Andromeda
This image from NASA 's Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer , or WISE , highlights the Andromeda galaxy 's older stellar population in blue .
It was taken by the shortest - wavelength camera on WISE , which detects infrared light of 3.4 microns .
› Full image and caption
The Dirt on Andromeda
This image from NASA 's Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer , or WISE , highlights the dust that speckles the Andromeda galaxy 's spiral arms .
It shows light seen by the longest - wavelength infrared detectors on WISE ( 12 - micron light has been color coded orange , and 22 - micron light , red ) .
› Full image and caption
Fornax Galaxy Cluster
This image of a dense cluster of galaxies was captured by NASA 's Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer , or WISE .
The cluster , called Fornax because of its location in a constellation of the same name , is 60 million light - years from Earth , and is one of the closest galaxy clusters to the Milky Way .
› Full image and caption
Ablaze with Infrared Light
Is it a bird , or a plane ?
No , it 's comet Siding Spring streaking across the sky , as seen by NASA 's Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer , or WISE .
This movie stitches together five frames taken by WISE as it orbited Earth during its ongoing infrared survey of the whole sky .
The images span about eight hours of time .
› Full animation and caption
First Medley of WISE Pictures
Hillary Clinton today said Iran was becoming a military dictatorship as the Obama administration 's diplomatic campaign against the Tehran regime continued to escalate .
Speaking to university students in Qatar , the US secretary of state warned that Iran 's Revolutionary Guard wielded so much power it was effectively supplanting the government .
" Iran is moving toward a military dictatorship , " she said .
" That is our view . "
Yesterday , Clinton called on Iran to rethink its " dangerous " nuclear policy as she embarked on a US campaign to win Middle East backing for a new set of sanctions after Tehran 's decision to make more highly enriched uranium .
Last week , the US treasury department announced it was freezing the assets in US jurisdictions of a Revolutionary Guard general and four subsidiaries of a previously penalised construction firm he runs because of their alleged involvement in producing and spreading weapons of mass destruction .
The Revolutionary Guard has long been a pillar of Iran 's regime as a force separate from the ordinary armed forces .
The corps has a hand in every critical area , including missile development , oil resources , dam building , road construction , telecommunications and nuclear technology .
It has also absorbed the paramilitary Basij as a fully fledged part of its command structure , giving the militia greater funding and a stronger presence in Iran 's internal politics .
Clinton also expressed hope of a breakthrough in stalled peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians .
" I am hopeful that this year will see the commencement of serious negotiations that will cover every issue that is outstanding , " she said .
The peace talks broke down in late 2008 with Israel 's incursion into Gaza , from where rockets had been fired at Israeli targets .
Officials travelling with Clinton said one of the main aims of her trip would be to encourage Saudi Arabia – where she is due to arrive today – and other Gulf states to reassure China that its energy supply would not be interrupted in the event of punitive measures against Iran .
Other US officials were quoted as saying privately that Saudi Arabia had already made some overtures to China on fuel assurances .
China is the only permanent member of the UN security council currently threatening to veto a fourth round of sanctions after Iran 's announcement that it would produce 20 % enriched uranium .
That level of enrichment ‑ measured by the concentration of the fissile isotope U - 235 – is over five times greater than Iran 's current stockpile .
Tehran says it needs the new fuel for a medical research reactor , but western governments point out that the step brings it significantly closer to having weapons - grade uranium , which is more than 80 % enriched .
The latest rage in Taiwanese gang weaponry ?
Shotgun revolvers .
F*** all that noise !
Seriously , I imagine they 're pretty loud .
Home made handgun revolvers using standard 12 gauge shotgun shells are becoming increasingly popular with Taiwanese gang members , and this one was confiscated from a 19 year old gang gun runner .
While it's not the first shotgun shell revolver , Taurus makes one called the Judge , this is the only one I 've encountered that fires a regular 12 gauge round .
The going street price for one of these suckers in Taiwan is around $ 7000 - 9000 , just in case you 're tempted .
$ 7- 9 K ?!
Are you out of your gotdamn mind ?
I know a guy that 'll stab you with the sharpened leg of a barstool for a carton of Pall Malls and a good reference .
I 'm serious , call me .
Hit the jump for one more shot ( !)
Shotgun revolver makes Dirty Harry 's .44 Magnum look wimpy [ dvice ]
Thanks to Mike , who , sawed - off shotgun hand on the pump , left hand on a forty , puffin ' on a blunt !
Awh yeah , Cyprus Hill .
Apple today unveiled its iPad , after years of rumors that the company was building a tablet - like device .
Apple CEO
Steve Jobs introduced the device today during a special media - only event , saying it is " way better than a laptop , way better than a phone .
It 's the best web experience you 've ever had . "
Jobs began the introduction by discussing what kind of device might fit between a smartphone and a laptop .
" We 've wondered for years as well — in order to create that category , they have to be far better at doing some key tasks ... better than the laptop , better than the smartphone , " Jobs said .
" Now , some people thought that was a netbook — the problem is that netbooks are n't better than anything ! "
Then Jobs brought out the iPad , which looks much like an oversized iPhone .
It features an interface that is essentially a hybrid between Mac OS X and iPhone OS .
In addition to browsing the Web , included applications also give users access to iTunes media , including HD video content , calendars , photos , contacts , and more .
The built - in e-mail client also looks like a hybrid between Mail on the Mac and Mail on the iPhone .
Text entry is done with a large , on - screen QWERTY keyboard , which seemed very responsive during Jobs ' demo .
The iPad hardware itself is built using a custom Apple - designed chip dubbed the " A4 , " running at 1GHz .
It features a 9.7 - inch , 1024x768 IPS LCD display with full multitouch input .
It also packs in 802.11n WiFi , Bluetooth 2.1 EDR , an accelerometer , a compass , a speaker , a microphone , a 30 - pin dock connector , and a 10 - hour battery capable of a full month of standby time .
All of that hardware is contained in a unibody aluminum case that is half an inch thick and weighs a scant 1.5 pounds .
This is the 3G - equipped model , with a plastic strip on top for the integrated 3G radio .
The iPad will come in 16GB , 32GB , and 64GB versions , starting at $ 499 .
The 32GB version will sell for $ 599 , and the 64GB model for $ 699 .
That 's far less than the oft - rumored $ 1,000 price point .
Models with integrated 3G networking will be available a month later for an additional $ 130 .
The 3G modem will be carrier - unlocked and use new " micro " SIM cards .
In the US , AT&T will be the first official provider of data service for 3G - equipped models , with a $ 14.99 250 MB plan and a $ 29.99 unlimited plan .
Activation will take place directly from the device ; all plans are prepay and can be canceled at any time .
Plans for international users will be announced later this summer .
" When we set out to develop the iPad , we not only had very ambitious technical goals and user interface goals , but we had a very aggressive price goal , " Jobs said .
" We want to put this in the hands of a lot of people ...
At $ 499 , a lot of people can afford an iPad . "
Unlimited data will be available from AT&T for $ 29.99 without the need for any contract .
Other international providers will be added later , but a CDMA version — for use with Verizon or Sprint in the US — does n't seem to be in the works .
Of course , the iPad would n't be of much use without apps that let you do the things you want to do .
It will run standard iPhone apps , without modification , either centered in the middle or enlarged to fit the full screen .
However , developers can access an updated SDK , complete with an iPad simulator , to begin developing apps specifically for the device .
EA and Gameloft were on hand to demo games , and the New York Times showed off a virtual newspaper app .
An iPad -ready version of Brushes , a painting program , was also demonstrated , showing off the device 's precise touch sensing .
The iPad includes highly detailed Google Maps with Street View .
Apple also had some significant new apps of its own to show off .
The first is iBooks , an e-reading application .
The app , which looks suspiciously like the iPhone app Classics , lets readers flip through virtual books , complete with animated page flips .
Books can be black and white or full color , and publishers can even include video and audio .
Books will be available from an integrated iBook Store , which for now will be stocked with books and textbooks from from the top five publishers : Hachette , HarperCollins , MacMillan , Peguin , and Simon & Schuster .
Everyone will be able to buy e-books ( in ePub format ) directly from the integrated iBookstore .
SVP of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller was also on hand to demonstrate a suite of iPad - optimized versions of iWork applications , including Pages , Numbers , and Keynote .
These versions allow integration of on - device photos , can work with existing files made on your Mac , and can pull up context - sensitive on - screen keyboards .
For instance , a special data entry keyboard pops up while filling in cells in Numbers .
" These applications are incredible , " Schiller said .
" They really show the tremendous potential and power of the iPad . "
Each app will be available for $ 9.99 via the App Store .
Apple is offering a selection of accessories for the iPad .
A standard dock keeps the device in portrait , or " picture frame mode , " while charging or syncing .
It also features an audio out jack for connecting powered speakers .
There is also a dock with an integrated keyboard for long typing sessions ; no word on whether or not the device with pair with an Apple wireless keyboard or not .
The Camera Connection Kit offers two dock connector adapters — one to attach a digital camera directly via USB , and another to insert an SD card to directly access image files .
( Hope against hope : this could be used for file transfer . )
Finally , there is the iPad case , which doubles as either a vertical or horizontal stand in addition to protecting it from bumps and scratches .
The Keyboard Dock will be a must - have for any serious writing , though we hope that paring with the Apple Wireless Keyboard is also an option .
Jobs finished the event saying that Apple has always tried to exist at the intersection of technology and liberal arts .
The iPad represents what Jobs feels is the epitome of that ethos , calling it " a magical and revolutionary device at an unbelievable price . "
Hot_Bid Profile Blog Joined October 2003 Braavos 36165 Posts Last Edited : 2010-02-11 08:26:56 #
1
versus is widely considered the biggest matchup of the TSL Ro8 .
Both players won easily in the Ro16 , and NonY went on to predict victory against IdrA in several interviews .
We sat down with IdrA to see what he had to say about the upcoming match .
IdrA [ Media ] versus Liquid`NonY is widely considered the biggest matchup of the TSL Ro8 .
Both players won easily in the Ro16 , and NonY went on to predict victory against IdrA in several interviews .
We sat down with IdrA to see what he had to say about the upcoming match .
Ro8 Pre-Interview with IdrA[ Media ]
PokerStrategy.com
TSL :
What is your prediction for this match ?
Are you going to defeat Nony ?
IdrA[ Media ] :
Of course I will .
I actually gained a lot of confidence from our seed match .
His only real chance to beat me is cheese , and the Destination game where he cheesed demonstrated just how uncomfortable he is with that style of play .
He opened gas rush , which is good , but then went fast nexus which threw away that advantage , and then went blatantly obvious carriers when my fast cc would allow me to timing push freely , even while getting a 3rd cc .
PokerStrategy.com
TSL :
Were you impressed by Nony 's 6 - 0 against Horror and Tarson ?
IdrA[ Media ] :
If I beat him 3 - 2 BBS vs double nexus every game it would be more impressive than beating a European Terran 3 - 0 PvT .
PokerStrategy.com
TSL :
What do you think about his prediction that he will beat you ?
IdrA[ Media ] :
Only emo or falsely modest Europeans predict that they 're going to lose games .
Confidence is everything in any kind of competition .
If you do n't absolutely expect to win , you do n't really have much of a chance .
So yes of course he says that , but it does n't mean anything .
PokerStrategy.com
TSL :
How will you counter double nexus and the unit that kills everything ?
IdrA[ Media ] :
Trick question ?
Double nexus does n't have a counter .
PokerStrategy.com
TSL :
So if Nony goes double nexus every game , you might lose ?
IdrA[ Media ] :
Nah , if he can get a free double nexus diagonal positions on Andromeda and still almost lose , it wo n't really matter what builds he does .
PokerStrategy.com
TSL :
Will it be a 3 - 0 victory for you ?
IdrA[ Media ] :
Yes .
PokerStrategy.com
TSL :
What are your predictions for the other matchups ?
IdrA[ Media ]
Ret vs
Sen I dont really know , I 've heard Sen 's zvz is really good and theres always the luck factor .
I 'd imagine it 'll be 3 - 2 either way with Ret more likely to win .
White - Ra vs JF
I do n't know much about either , but Ra is the better player .
JF 's play was n't nearly as impressive against Terran as a lot of people seemed to think , and he's up against another Protoss this time .
White - Ra should win .
Mondragon vs Fenix I think Mondragon will win 3 - 1 , but it 's not impossible for Fenix .
Mondragon will be much more capable of dealing with unusual strategies than Kolll , and I think Brat 's standard TvZ is better than Fenix's .
PokerStrategy.com
TSL :
Is Nony your biggest threat ?
IdrA[ Media ]
No , I think the Ra vs JF winner will be more dangerous simply because they 're more comfortable with cheesy , abusive play .
If Nony wants to play to my weaknesses , he takes himself out of his element as well , so while he is the more skilled player , I 'm much more comfortable with him style wise .
PokerStrategy.com
TSL :
Hypothetically , if Nony wins , what would you say to him ?
IdrA[ Media ] :
I do n't know , I 've never really been a fan of thinking about situations that are n't gonna happen .
Seems kinda like a waste of time .
PokerStrategy.com
TSL :
Thanks for the interview and we look forward to your games !
IdrA[ Media ] :
Thanks , I hope they 're good .
This TSL is sponsored by PokerStrategy.com , the world 's largest poker school and community .
With hundreds of Poker VODs and an assortment of learning material in 18 different languages , PokerStrategy.com offers the chance for aspiring Poker players to learn from a beginner to a professional level .
@ Hot_Bid on Twitter - ESPORTS life since 2010 - http://i.imgur.com/U2psw.png
by Brett Stevens on January 2 , 2010
As part of our exploration of American politics , we ’re interviewing some of the up and coming figures of American politics .
Today ’s interview is with Alex Birch , a writer and activist with CORRUPT , a think - tank for reversing modern decline .
Hi , Alex , and glad to have you with us .
How do you describe your political orientation ?
I ’m a Right - Wing Conservative , but regard myself as an Independent since I have views that would n’t be accepted by American Republicans or European Right - Wingers .
You seem to be the primary writer for CORRUPT.org , an alternative realist blog that gets a lot of attention from the post - mainstream groups .
What do you hope to achieve with this blog , and what ideals does it promote ?
Corrupt is a collection of independent journalists who want to spread a positive , outgoing lifestyle rooted in Conservatism and the science of Human Biological Diversity ( HBD ) .
Through our day - to - day writings we explain why the liberal societies in the West are declining , and how people can react positively to the problems around them .
The ideal we wish to communicate is a society in which people take personal and civil responsibility , build an interesting culture and work hard to make something with their lives .
How can religion / faith and politics / pragmatism be unified or compatible ?
Politics according to socialists means babysitting by the government .
Politics by Conservatives means a high degree of self - organization on an individual and local level .
So if you want to change society the Conservative way , you cannot enforce that change with bureaucracies or sheer government force .
You need to address the culture in which people live .
This is where religion or faith comes into play .
Religion traditionally maintains the moral framework in a society .
By appealing to people ’s faith you focus on the values and the lifestyle that can lead to change .
What changes would you make immediately if given power in the West ?
For historic reasons I believe in slow changes over time , but here are a few larger changes I ’d like to see being made to Western societies , especially Europe , before 2010 :
POWER : Empower local governments and limit the function of central governments to national issues like security and economy .
Promote wise and well - merited leaders to power , regardless of their popularity .
NATURE : Conserve as much wild land as possible .
Find a way to match conservationism and economic concerns .
Limit populations by reducing immigration and welfare programs .
ECONOMY : Stimulate the private market to rebuild our economies and stop governments from taking over and socializing parts of our societies that previously have been regulated by culture , e.g. sexuality , food , family life , sports etc.
CULTURE : Public leaders and government officials should focus on recognizing constitutional ideals and native traditions as important to protect and defend .
Regional and local culture should not suffer under national political trends .
Communities and private businesses should bear much of the burden welfare programs try to cover today .
Kraftwerk ’s “ Spacelab ” should be played on radio channels every evening at 10 pm .
What do you think the results would be ?
We would have a much more stable leadership ready to make difficult decisions for the public good .
We would go from being environmentalists to conservationists , e.g. protecting the wild instead of consuming green light bulbs .
The global economic crisis would slow down when business began competing on market demand again .
People would feel happier taking more personal responsibility and public culture would become a central feature of every day life .
Welfare abuse and out of control government spending would decline .
And everyone would be Kraftwerk fans .
Do your friends know about your viewpoints ?
Do you have friends of other ethnicities , political viewpoints , and social classes ?
Do they mind your outlook ?
People I count as close friends know pretty much all about what I stand for .
People I loosely meet from time to time probably place me somewhere on the Right end of the political scale .
I ’ve lived in multiethnic communities all my life , which has shaped my view of what it means to live in a multicultural society .
To this day I have plenty of immigrant friends , but do n’t have any acquaintances outside of a fairly stable middle class – the social group I identity myself best with .
Many of my friends do n’t have any outspoken political beliefs , but they are generally conservative with a small “ c . ”
They think small but make out the segment of Swedish society that produces and keeps things going .
My views are pretty accepted among the people I hang out with , save for some girls who would rather see me being a moderate leftist .
I have n’t given in to those demands yet .
How would you categorize your outlook vis-a - vis public acceptance — is it an accepted view or a minority view ?
Why is that ?
This is where it gets interesting .
Because Sweden is a leftist - oriented society where welfare , high taxes , government programs , socialized culture , anti-family , anti-tradition and pluralism are traditionally seen as positive , I am not a typical Swede .
To be sure , I receive a lot of attention and problems because of my Right - leaning views at universities and news rooms , which is where I work .
At the same time , I am not wholly a “ Swede , ” since I originate from the southern part called SkÃ¥ne , a place that was Danish only about 300 years ago .
The region where I come from is a sort of Continental marriage between Danish and Swedish culture .
My identity is rooted in that region , sometimes before Sweden as a whole , which complicates the way my views are being perceived by others .
To understand why it ’s heresy to talk about market capitalism , race , heterosexual culture , Christianity and gender roles , you have to study Swedish history .
Only 200 years ago we were one of the poorest nations of Europe .
Suddenly we began producing raw materials , build industry and trade with the rest of the world .
We became rich very rapidly .
It was a booming miracle .
After the worker ’s movements came to power through Social Democracy , we transformed into a modern Social Democratic welfare State–Sweden as we know it today .
In other words , modern Swedish society is built upon a socialist foundation , which is a political tradition opposed to , say , the American constitution , which is fundamentally critical of government authority , “ mob democracy , ” and central power .
Swedes have abandoned their history and most of their traditions to become the most progressive and modern nations of the West in terms of willingness to adapt culture , politics and technology to modernity .
For this we suffer still and it ’s one of my goals to break free from this culture and find ways of turning it back to a pre-welfare state of society , or a post - socialist state , if you will .
Are there any political issues today that are totally irrelevant and yet get too much air time ?
Any that are ignored , and yet vital ?
In Sweden , that ’s simple .
Gender issues , global warming and cultural discrimination receive way too much attention .
Immigration , bound to be * the* issue of 2010 ’s election , is also overrated without addressing root problems .
Basically we need to go from a modern liberal to a classically liberal agenda .
The vital issues of our country are the role of the government , getting private business back on track and saving the car industry , rebuilding cultural self - confidence to tackle the major social issues of our time and secure transatlantic relationships with the Anglo - American leadership on global issues .
Globally you actually see similar problems .
Obama is addressing climate , foreign policy and health care reform , but the basic framework is never questioned .
We need to think economy - environment - culture .
Rebuild the economy , conserve the environment , stimulate cultural unity .
Do you think we ’re at a historical turning point ?
Yes , and I believe Mark Steyn explained best why in his book “ America Alone . ”
The post -WWII order is collapsing and we ’re quickly succumbing to foreign powers , both abroad and at home .
With collapsing order I mean that classical Western values and ideals are losing their virtue and practical importance to radically opposite values and ideals .
The kind of society we live in today is not going to last , and Europe is going down the toilet first .
But most importantly , and this is controversial , America has since its rise to global superpower become the safeguard and champion of our civilization .
This is now changing .
“ Change , ” as Obama put it , but in a way most people would never guess could become reality .
How much influence does environmentalism have on your views , and is there an environmental crisis ; if so , how does it influence any turning points we ’re currently approaching ?
No , not a single bit , and let me explain why .
I grew up only a few yards from forests .
I spent my entire childhood and most of my adult life in or around the wild environment .
To me , nature and animals are not political victims or symbols of pity , they compose a landscape emotionally and intellectually attached to me as a person .
I care about the environment because it ’s a part of me and I am part of it , not because politics lately have begun address its threats .
Yes , the environmental threat is real , and that threat is the imbalance between human settlement and free land .
Our world population has long exceeded its carrying capacity and although we are much fewer people in the West , we consume more resources than the average third world consumer .
This must change our political climate , not by creating Copenhagen meetings , but by embracing environmentally sustainable societies ( read : New Pedestrianism ) .
Regardless if we succeed or fail doing this , reducing the number of people , and thus , infrastructure , is essential to this goal .
A goal that is not the West ’s but that of humanity as a whole , as bravely etched into the Georgia Guidestones .
Do you have spiritual beliefs ?
If so , what are they ?
No .
I only have moral beliefs and a wild imagination .
Tags : alex birch , CORRUPT , interview
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
It could be because the red ball is moving at you so fast that the light leaving it and coming in your direction is getting it 's wavelength compressed into the blue part of the spectrum rather than red .
In that case you might want to duck ...
WASHINGTON — As House Democrats geared up for a possible vote on Sunday to pass health care legislation , the Congressional Budget Office issued an analysis allowing them to point to significant cost savings in the decades ahead , and President Obama postponed a planned trip to the Pacific to keep pressing for approval .
The House Democratic leader , Rep. Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland , said that the nonpartisan budget office had determined that the package of legislation , which would cost about $ 940 billion over ten years , would produce “ the largest deficit reduction of any bill we have adopted in Congress since 1993 , ” when it passed tax increases sought by President Clinton .
In the first ten years , the health legislation would reduce deficits by $ 138 billion , and the effect on deficits over the following decade would be much greater —
Democrats said $ 1.2 trillion — although such long - term forecasts are more speculative .
The savings would come largely from reductions in the growth of Medicare spending , with new fees and tax increases also contributing .
The cost savings are “ but one virtue of a reform that will bring new accountability to the insurance industry and greater economic security to all Americans , ” President Obama said at a ceremony where he signed a new jobs bill into law .
“ So I urge every member of Congress to consider this as they prepare for their important vote this weekend . ”
att.com /getfiber
Based on network availability .
Connectivity may require AT&T Smart Wi -Fi Extender(s ) , sold separately .
Claim based on 2017 - 2020 ACSI survey of customers rating their own internet service provider ’s performance .
Compatible device and online account registration required for HBO Max access .
Additional fees and restrictions apply .
Limited availability in select areas .
May not be available in your area .
Internet speed claims represent maximum network service capability speeds and are based on wired connection to gateway .
Actual customer speeds may vary based on a number of factors and are not guaranteed .
Download speeds are typically up to 940 M bps due to overhead capacity reserved to deliver the data .
Comparison of Internet 1000 wired upload connection speed to major cable providers : Xfinity , Spectrum , and COC 1 Gig cable service with uploads of 35 Mbps .
Number of devices depends on screen size / resolution .
For more information , go to
Carlos Bertonatti , the musician charged with drunkenly killing a cyclist and then speeding away on the Rickenbacker Causeway last month , was handcuffed and escorted back to jail this morning .
After Bertonatti pleaded not guilty to the charges of vehicular homicide , DUI manslaughter , leaving the scene of a fatal accident , and resisting arrest , prosecutors introduced a motion to return the 28 - year - old Key Biscayne resident to jail .
Riptide is waiting on the motion to get the precise details , but we 're told prosecutors asked that he be returned to custody for misleading Homeland Security about his place of birth .
UPDATE : Bertonatti's bail was revoked , according to the prosecutor 's motion , because he lied to Judge David Miller about possessing only a Venezuelan passport and because he has a lengthy history of skipping out on court dates .
According to prosecutors , Bertonatti has " an additional passport issued by Argentina , " which he did n't see fit to mention during his bond hearing .
What 's more , prosecutors say that Bertonatti has missed court hearings on four seperate occassions in the past on traffic charges .
Strangely , prosecutors also testified in court that they have reason to believe that Bertonatti may actually hold a third passport that he did n't mention in his bond hearing , from Romania , of all places .
State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle says that Bertonatti first came to Florida in 1996 on a family business visa issued in Bucharest that says he is a Romanian citizen .
What 's more , in June 2003 , Rundle says , Bertonatti was traveling to Costa Rica and presented an Argentine passport with the same number as the Venezuelan passport he presented to the courts last month .
Finally , in 2005 Bertonatti stated on a visa application that he was born in Argentina -- not in Venezuela as he usually says .
Given all those inconsistencies , and the fact that " the defendent 's extensive history of traffic offenses demonstrates that the defendent poses a danger to the community , " according to prosecutors , Bertonatti's bond was revoked this morning .
Judge Miller has set an initial trial date for Bertonatti on May 3 .
In the meantime , check out our longer piece about Bertonatti and his family 's extensive history in Miami courts .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
When you look at yourself in the mirror do you find a little crease just below your chin ?
Yes that ’s exactly what is called a double chin .
Does your double chin causes you lots of frustration and stress .
Well you have reached the right spot .
Read on to learn the simple ways on how to get rid of a double chin
Do you feel very uncomfortable while getting your photograph clicked and also become very conscious of your looks .
Well it ’s a common problem and stop worrying as there are some magical remedies which can easily help you to get rid of your unattractive and ugly fold which is bothering you .
Double chin has many causes .
It can come from unhealthy fatty diet which leads to fat deposits or genetic reasons . .
Watch what you eat !
Keeping an eye on what you eat , especially your daily caloric intake is the first and foremost way to avoid double chin .
Make a change in your dietary habits as it can surly help to cure double chin .
From now on maintain a healthy diet by reducing calorie intake , fats and carbohydrates and as well as sugar .
Eat fresh fruits and green vegetables and do indulge in salads at least once a day .
Simply
keep up with a healthy diet and maintain ideal weight .
Burn Calories !
Exercise !
You have to burn more calories than you consume in order to reduce the amount of fat from your body .
Join a gym or simply start stair climbing two to three times a day .
Go for jogging , do some simple exercises at home just to burn your calories .
The sooner you start , the sooner you will be able to see results .
Exercise will mainly help you to loose weight overall .
Maintain Good Posture !
Always remember to keep your head up when you are sitting or standing , this will gradually strengthen and taut the throat muscles .
A good posture aids in reducing double chin so simply start sitting up straight while keeping your jaw slightly jutted .
Stretch your Neck !
Before you go to sleep simply lie on your side , and when you put your head on the pillow , just tilt your head back so that you stretch your neck .
Stretching the neck daily for couple of minutes before sleeping will surly help in making a difference
Slap your chin !
Slap under your chin with the back of your hand .
Start very slowly and gently , and end up by increasing the speed .
Do this four to five times in the day and remember to slap your chin for at least two minutes each time .
Chew Sugar free Gum !
Working your jaw line prevents excess fat .
Keep your jaw and facial muscles on the move to prevent the build up of excess fat and loose skin .
Buy a sugar free chewing gum packet and keep it with you at all times .
From now on start chewing sugar free gum and get rid of the extra fat below your chin .
Daily Chin Exercise !
Open your mouth wide , and pull your bottom lip over your bottom teeth , and then try to work your jaw up and down as if you were trying to scrape something up with your lower jaw .
Do this regularly and practice it only , when you are alone , as in front of people you can end up acting like a moron .
Getting rid of double chin is easy just do exercises and eat a healthy diet .
Exercises that target the muscles of the jaw help immensely .
Now you know how to get rid of a double chin , so simply follow these tips and get rid of your double chin .
Best of luck !
Dermatologists are seeing a rise in the number of women with skin problems stemming from bleaching creams .
Thinning of skin , bruising and acne are some of the adverse effects doctors have noticed .
Despite the risks of skin bleaching , sales of lightening creams are strong , the New York Times reports .
Part of the problem is that ethnic beauty supply stores and online merchants are selling prescription - strength lightening creams over the counter , the Times reports .
The creams often contain steroids , and some even contain mercury , which can damage the nervous system .
Why do women of color use these creams ?
Some users turn to lightening creams to fade dark marks caused by acne or scarring , a skin problem known as hyperpigmentation .
Others , however , are n't using the creams as spot treatments but to uniformly lighten their complexions because of social pressures .
" Sociological studies have shown among African - Americans and also Latinos , there 's a clear connection between skin color and socioeconomic status , " explained Evelyn Nakano Glenn , president of the American Sociological Association .
" It 's not some fantasy .
There is prejudice against dark - skinned people , especially women in the so - called marriage market . "
A cursory glance at the most desired female celebrities of color proves Glenn 's point .
The pop culture machine continually churns out stars the complexion of Halle Berry , Beyonce , Thandie Newton , Tyra Banks , Rihanna and Alicia Keys .
Meanwhile , darker - skinned vixens such as Gabrielle Union remain few and far between .
The same disparity plays out in Spanish telenovelas and in India 's Bollywood films .
The most desired women are fair - skinned , while dark - skinned women play the roles of maid , best friend or mom .
Enter lightening cream manufacturers , which play on the hopes of dark - skinned women seeking love , acceptance and status .
" In fact , it 's a growing practice and one that has been stimulated by the companies that produce these products , " Glenn said of skin bleaching .
" Their advertisements connect happiness and success and romance with being lighter skinned . "
The ugly truth is that skin lightening creams are unlikely to give these women the even - toned light skin of , say , Mariah Carey .
Worse is that long term use of these creams may result in hypertension , high blood sugar , suppression of the body 's natural steroids and permanent stretch marks .
Not so beautiful , huh ?
Despite such risks , you can bet that dark - skinned women ( and men ) will continue to use them .
Lest anyone write these women off as merely vain , it 's important to note that those who use them not only suffer the effects of racism but also of colorism in their respective ethnic groups .
Having dark skin may mean being doubly marginalized — first , in the white - dominated mainstream , and , second , in communities of color .
As long as racism and colorism exist , there will be a contingent of people of color wishing to lighten their skin , no matter how beautiful their natural coloring .
Betting on Default Hedge Funds Speculate on Greek Debt
Greece 's debt problems are attracting hedge funds which are betting that the country will default .
Meanwhile a leading German economist has argued that the European Central Bank should allow inflation to rise in a bid to avoid a costly and unpopular bailout for Greece .
In the search for more unusual , out - of this - world travelling experiences , travellers are being lured to the ends of the earth to find the most eccentric , wacky and exciting activities , sights and venues .
So if you 're fond of a tipple or two , you might want to try one of these bars .
Their locations and gimmicks are enough to get pulses racing , but add alcohol to the mix and you 're in for quite a fun time .
Here are 13 of the world 's most strange , exciting and different watering holes that will have you thirsty for more .
1. Clinic - Singapore
Many people do n't like visiting hospitals so this bar might be a little questionable in taste for some .
Clinic is a hospital themed bar located within the shopping and entertainment district , Clarke Quay .
It 's not surprising that the architect of the bar was wacky artist Damien Hirst , famous for such works as the cow in formaldehyde .
The pill shaped rooms are all interlinked and are designed to give a drug ' trip ' effect .
Guests can drink from test tubes and IV bags , sit in wheelchairs instead of sitting on bar stools , lie on hospital beds with white curtains , and boogie on the capsule - shaped dance floor in the nightclub , Morphine .
The restaurant is designed like an operating room where guests can dine sitting in gold wheelchairs and eating from kidney shaped steel trays .
Yum , I just hope the food does n't taste like hospital food ...
2. Absolut Icebar - Sweden
The very first bar to be made entirely of ice can be found in the small town of Jukkasjarvi in Sweden .
Although novelty ice bars seem to be popping up everywhere these days , even in the baking hot Niger desert , the Absolut Icebar , within the Ice Hotel , is the original ice bar .
Guests don thermal capes and huddle together in freezing cold conditions surrounded by carefully - crafted ice sculptures .
The Absolut vodka cocktails are served in ice glasses , just make sure you do n't get your lips stuck to them !
The ice is sourced from the Torne River in the village of Jukkasjarvi and the frosty bar is only open during the winter from December to April .
3. Red Sea Star Underwater Restaurant , Bar and Observatory - Israel
The world 's first underwater bar , the Red Sea Star , is submerged six meters below the Red Sea in Eilat .
Each table has Plexiglass windows - two either side and one above - so that diners can admire the fish , coral , and other sea life from their dinner table .
The décor is even marine - inspired with jellyfish stools , urchin cushions , and anemone lighting fixtures .
Before the Red Sea Star was built in 1998 , the area on which it stands was a damaged seabed , but four years before it opened the Red Sea Star team started growing a coral nursery surrounding the reef to save and preserve what used to be an active and colourful coral reef .
4. Bojangles - Australia
In the town of Alice Springs in the red centre of Australia , backpackers and travellers on their way to visit Uluru will almost certainly end up at this curious bar .
Walk through the closely guarded saloon doors and you 'll be amazed at what you see - boots hanging from the ceilings , snakes in tanks , and a coffin with a suit of armour inside which says ' How Much To Touch Ned 's Nuts ? '
Pull out some peanuts and throw the shells on the floor , because at Bo 's anything goes .
Sounds like a quirky bar already , but wait - it gets better .
If you go to the bathroom you might get a little surprise , for when you come to wash your hands , each tap turns on the water in a different sink !
5. DM Bar - Estonia
If you 're a huge fan and you just can't get enough of Depeche Mode , this bar in the capital city of Estonia , Tallinn , is entirely devoted to the band .
It does n't seem the most obvious choice of band to dedicate a bar to , but the synth - poppers from Basildon in the UK are extremely popular anywhere east of Berlin .
The bar 's walls are filled with Depeche Mode memorabilia and guess what 's on the playlist for the night ?
You guessed it , Depeche Mode songs .
Members of the band Martin Gore and Andy Fletcher have actually partied the night away in the bar which is sure to be one of the strangest hat tips to the band .
6. Hobbit House - Philippines
Hobbit House in the Philippines is based on the J.R.R .
Tolkien trilogy , Lord of The Rings , and all the staff in the bar are friendly and charming dwarfs .
The dark , smoke - filled bar offers around 100 different kinds of beer and is a great live music venue .
Opened 35 years ago , The Hobbit House has been around in Manila so long , it is a famous institution .
The Iowa - born owner , Jim Turner , is an ex-Peace Corps volunteer who has rescued these dwarfs from the slums and streets of Manila and given them an honest place to work .
He has given them new cultural identities and they are no longer shunned or avoided ; they are respectable business people .
The bartenders are merry characters and entertainers who are up for a laugh and will happily pose with tourists for photos .
The Hobbit House features possibly the world 's smallest Elvis impersonator , hobbit jugglers , comics , dancers , flame - eaters , and singers .
7. Baobab Bar - South Africa
Having a drink inside a 6,000 - year - old Baobab tree is an unusual experience to tell your friends about when you return from your travels .
The hollow 72 - foot high tree offers a cool interior to step into from the heat outside and now has a bar , dart board and benches .
It was created in a Baobab tree in Sunland Farm in Limpopo to keep the thirsty locals happy and now thousands of tourists travel from miles around to have a pint in this interesting establishment .
The trunk has a 155 - foot circumference and is wide enough to fit 40 people inside it .
It even has its own cellar with natural ventilation to keep the beer cool !
The pub is owned by the van Heerdens , who decided to open a pub when they discovered a natural hollow in the tree in the 1980s .
While clearing out the hollow centre of the tree trunk , the van Heerdens found historical evidence of Bushmen who may have once lived in the tree .
8. Das Klo Bar - Germany
One of the most bizarre drinking experiences ever , Klo Bar in Berlin is reputed to attract more tourists than Charlottenburg Castle and the Museum Island .
Klo 1 and 2 no longer exist , but Klo 3 , which started life on Christmas Day 1971 , still does .
Part flea market , part zoo , and part theme park , Das Klo ( German for the toilet ) is meant to evoke the inside of a toilet , but it ends up giving visitors the feel of stepping onto an Indiana Jones movie set .
Prepare to be shocked - expect red wine in blood transfusion packs , electric shocks from tables , rotating bar stools , a hammer that comes down unexpectedly , and a bird spider , boa constrictor and iguana .
It 's an attack on the senses - upon entering Klo you 'll be sprinkled by water , spooked by skeletons and a gust of air might blow ladies ' skirts up .
Lightning flashes across the rooms and there is a false ceiling of paper mâché rocks that fall in a giant avalanche every 10 minutes .
A kilted figure in the ladies loo is booby - trapped so that whenever a lady lifts the kilt to see if he is going commando , a siren goes off in the bar .
Seating is a choice of coffins or toilet seats , the beer is served in new urine specimen bottles , and the food is sausages with sauerkraut fetchingly presented in huge enamel potties .
Supposedly most of the owner 's ideas came to him sitting on the loo .
9. Skeleton Bar - Switzerland
This odd museum - bar was designed by Swiss man Hans Rudi Giger who worked as a designer on the Oscar winning Alien movies .
Giger designed the title character , the human - eating Alien monster , and won an Oscar for best special effects in 1980 .
The bar in Gruyere , Switzerland , will remind you of the alien - or perhaps sitting inside a monster 's stomach , with its spinal chord - like skeleton decoration .
The creepy , horror movie - inspired bar is decorated with skeleton bones throughout , from the walls and chairs to the flower vases .
10 . Floyd 's Pelican Bar - Jamaica
Take a few pieces of driftwood and palm leaves , nail them together and put them on stilts in the ocean and - hey presto - you have Floyd 's Pelican Bar .
It looks like it might fall over , but it 's surprisingly sturdy .
Floyd 's sits about a mile off the south coast of Jamaica in Parottee Bay and local fisherman will take you out there .
There 's nothing like a cold beer in the middle of the ocean , doing a bit of snorkelling and enjoying a lobster meal prepared by Floyd himself .
You might spot some pelicans and a few sting rays too .
11 . Alux Restaurant & Lounge - Mexico
Alux , in Playa Del Carmen , is one of only two restaurants in the world inside a cavern .
After you descend down the candlelit rock stairway into the Flintstones - like cave , you can lounge , drink , dine , and dance amongst the natural environment of stalagmites and stalactites .
The bar is spread amongst a series of caverns and creative lighting casts the stalactites and stalagmites all different colours .
At around 9 pm the Alux turns into one of the most popular drinking spots in Playa Del Carmen and as the night wears on you might spot an alux , one of the mythical prank - playing little people of Mayan lore , who are said to inhabit these caverns .
12 . William Thornton Floating Bar & Restaurant - British Virgin Islands
The William Thornton is a steel 100 - foot schooner with a restaurant and bar on board , moored at The Bight off Norman Island .
The Willy T , as it is affectionately known , began life in the 80s as a wooden Baltic vessel .
But after the boat sprung a leak and sank at its anchorage , the owners , Annie and Mick Gardner , replaced it with the larger steel boat everyone knows today .
The William Thornton who the floating bar is named after was born in the British Virgin Islands and is the man behind the design of the United States Capitol building .
13 . The Rock Bar - Bali
Perched 14 meters above the Indian Ocean , this open - top bar is literally served straight up on the rocks .
It 's a perfect place to sit and watch the sunset , sip cocktails and admire the view of the perfect Bali waves splashing against the rocks below .
What makes it even more novel is the outdoor elevator which takes you down the cliff to the bar .
Beware though , it only holds four so you might end up taking the stairs !
Live musicians play on Fridays , Saturdays , and Sundays so you can sit back and enjoy some tunes with a view .
Located within the Ayana Resort & Spa in Jimbaran Bay , The Rock Bar will certainly leave a lasting impression and is Bali 's most chic sunset and after - dark destination .
UPDATE : The Fox News story has been removed from the website .
In a new development in the story of Jay Reatard 's tragic death , the local Memphis Fox affiliate reports that Memphis police are investigating Reatard 's death as a homicide .
Police were called to Reatard 's house at 3:30 a.m. yesterday morning , where they found the garage rocker dead .
According to Fox , police are now searching for a possible suspect and asking the public to come forward with any information .
Tips can be submitted via phone at ( 901 ) 528-2247 or at 528cash.org .
They 're offering a reward of up to $ 1000 for any information that results in an arrest .
( Thanks to RMike in Fort Wayne for the tip . )
One of the top Bush - era lawyers who authorized waterboarding and other harsh interrogation tactics exercised “ poor judgment ” but should not be disbarred , an internal Justice Department review showed .
According to the Office of Professional Responsibility , John Yoo engaged in “ professional misconduct , ” a finding that could have stripped him of his law license .
ADVERTISEMENT
But now the California law professor will be free to offer his controversial views on almost entirely unbounded presidential authority for future administrations .
Newsweek ’s Michael Isikoff notes that Yoo also “ told Justice Department investigators that the president ’s war - making authority was so broad that he had the constitutional power to order a village to be ‘ massacred , ’ according to a report released Friday night by the Office of Professional Responsibility . ”
Pressed on his views in an interview with OPR investigators , Yoo was asked : “ What about ordering a village of resistants to be massacred ? …
Is that a power that the president could legally -” “ Yeah , ” Yoo replied , according to a partial transcript included in the report .
“ Although , let me say this :
So , certainly , that would fall within the commander - in - chief ’s power over tactical decisions . ”
“ To order a village of civilians to be [ exterminated ] ? ” the OPR investigator asked again .
“ Sure , ” said Yoo .
“ The views of former Justice lawyer John Yoo were deemed to be so extreme and out of step with legal precedents that they prompted the Justice Department ’s internal watchdog office to conclude last year that he committed ‘ intentional professional misconduct ’ when he advised the CIA it could proceed with waterboarding and other aggressive interrogation techniques against Al Qaeda suspects , ” Isikoff notes .
The Washington Post reports that Yoo and Bybee “ allegedly worked with officials in the White House and at the CIA to structure their controversial legal analysis . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Post added : “ In its final report , the OPR said it had tried unsuccessfully to access
Yoo ’s e-mail messages during his time at the Justice Department , and was told that ‘ most of Yoo ’s e-mail records had been deleted and were not recoverable . ' ”
“ Justice Department lawyers have an obligation to uphold the law , so when they write legal opinions that were designed to provide legal cover for torture , they need to be held accountable with more than a slap on the wrist , ” said Andrea Prasow , senior counterterrorism counsel at Human Rights Watch .
Jameel Jaffer , who heads the National Security Project of the American Civil Liberties Union , called on the Justice Department to expand its investigation into the interrogation practices .
ADVERTISEMENT
( with AFP report )
py.test plugin for checking PEP8 source code compliance using pyflakes .
Usage
after installation ( e.g. via pip install pytest - codecheckers ) you can type :
py.test [ path / to/mypkg ]
which will automatically perform source code sanity checks .
If you have further questions please send them to the pytest - dev mailing list .
Published by Sierra Monica P. on January 24 , 2010 under Unique Gift Ideas
This is the Novelty collection of handbags from the famous Judith Leiber brand .
The models are decorated with lots of multi-colored crystals and can be purchased for prices around $ 5,000 .
( Seen on Net - A - Porter )
Four years ago , Sen . John McCain said that the day military leadership comes to him and says we ought to change " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell , " that the country should consider getting rid of the policy .
That day was yesterday , when Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Admiral Mike Mullen , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , spoke before the U.S. Senate .
Adm . Mullen , the highest ranking U.S. Armed Forces officer in the country , told the U.S. Senate , " No matter how I look at the issue , I can not escape being troubled by the fact that we have in place a policy which forces young men and women to lie about who they are in order to defend their fellow citizens .
For me , personally , it comes down to integrity -- theirs as individuals and ours as an institution . "
But instead of following through on his promise of four years ago to consider repealing " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " once he heard from senior military members , Sen .
John McCain has become one of the loudest champions of the current policy , which has kicked out nearly 14,000 troops from the Armed Services , and has prevented thousands of other well - qualified troops from entering .
Demand that Sen. McCain stick to his promise of four years ago and work with senior military leaders to repeal " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell . "
Anything less , like Adm .
Mullen says , compromises the integrity of our troops and the integrity of our military as an institution .
NBC continues the dumbing - down of America in earnest with … ” A Very Gilly Christmas ”
First , David Medsker sent a public memo to “ Saturday Night Live , ” pleading with them to stop Kristen Wiig from playing the most annoying characters imaginable , and although the show ’s producers ignored him , the posting has received 76 comments to date , many of them completely behind Mr. Medsker ’s position , so it clearly struck a nerve with readers .
Then , two months later , John Paulsen got specific and called out Wiig ’s then - new character , Gilly , as the unfunniest returning character ever .
No word from the Wiig camp yet , but 65 readers have responded to it thus far , and while many of them are in full - on defense mode , it takes no more than a cursory glance at the comments to see that Mr. Paulsen is onto something with his premise .
* “ Gilly should be put in juvenile detention . ”
* “ OMG , I want to break the TV when I see that stupid skit ! ”
* “ Gilly keeps coming back for more and more and more and more and more .
And it gets worse every time . ”
* “ The Gilly skits – and indeed , pretty much all the characters that Wiig does – are appealing to those lowbrow people who find catch - phrases funny . ”
* “ I know ‘ to each his own ’ and everybody ’s taste is different , but I ’m shocked that people are defending this really , really bad , really , really unfunny recurring character . ”
And , of course , there ’s my personal favorite :
“ Like a fool , I kept watching , hoping the sketch could redeem itself somehow , that a punchline or a line delivery would come in making it somewhat funny .
I mean , this is a comedy show , right ?
Right ?
But , alas , it was just painful .
I have no idea what the audience was laughing at or why .
Maybe SNL installed a live laugh track , or maybe they do pump in laughing gas .
But what I saw no one could honestly find funny .
NO ONE .
Stock footage of starving children has equal comedic value as the Gilly sketch . ”
To these discerning individuals , NBC is offering up the comedic equivalent of a lump of coal in their stocking on December 17th from 8 – 10 PM EST , when “ Saturday Night Live ” presents … wait for it …
“ A Very Gilly Christmas ” !
The good news is that the two - hour special will include brand - new material with Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin , along with favorite holiday - themed sketches from the 35 - year history of “ SNL , ” including “ NPR ’s Delicious Dish and the Schweddy Balls , ” Martin ’ famous “ Holiday Wish , ” and Justin Timberlake and Andy Samberg ’s “ D**k in a Box . ”
The bad news : it will also include new Gilly material .
1. The Theme Song
Many TV shows have had memorable theme songs , but few were as innovative as the eerie Doctor Who theme .
Composed by Ron Grainer ( who also wrote the themes for such classic 1960s shows as Steptoe and Son and The Prisoner ) , it was arranged and mixed by Delia Derbyshire at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop .
The Workshop pioneered electronic music in Britain , and Derbyshire 's arrangement ( using electronic oscillators , tape loops and reverse tape effects ) was unlike anything ever heard before , with no conventional instruments .
Recording the theme was a lengthy process , taking several weeks , but it was worth it .
After a concert in 1971 , the Queen herself was introduced to Desmond Briscoe , head of the Workshop .
" The Radiophonic Workshop ? "  said Her Majesty .
" Ah yes " ¦ Doctor Who ! " 
Have a listen :
2. Dalekmania
In the mid-1960s , the Doctor was in danger of being beaten by his greatest enemies " ¦ in popularity , at least .
The Daleks are robot - like mutants from the planet Skaro , who invade planets with piercing , electronic cries of " Exterminate ! " 
British kids found them terrifying " “ and just like in roller - coasters , they loved being terrified .
Soon , Dalekmania was all the rage in Britain .
Kids could buy Dalek toys , comics and singles like " I'm Gonna Spend My Christmas With A Dalek "  by a group called the Go - Go's ( no , not those Go - Go's ) .
Kids would even line up for hours to see the Daleks make charity appearances .
Not bad for a race of evil monsters .
The Daleks became part of British culture , influencing many new sci-fi monsters and characters ( perhaps even good guys like R2 - D2 ) , and even entering the language " ¦
3 . Such language !
Only a few TV series have added words to the English language .
Doctor
Who added at least two , possibly three .
" Dalek "  was the first one added to the Oxford English Dictionary .
" Not only had I created a monster , I had created a word , "  wrote their creator , Terry Nation .
" What writer could ask for more ? " 
Later , the Doctor 's unique traveling machine , the Tardis , also found its way into the OED .
Though it 's a handy machine ( able to travel through time and space ) , it entered the language for one of its even more impressive properties : as it occupies two different dimensions , it 's bigger on the inside than the outside ( which is just as well , because it 's outwardly disguised as a 1920s - style British police box , leaving little room to move ) .
Hence , any room or cabinet that somehow seems more spacious on the inside is a " Tardis "  ( which , for the record , stands for " Time And Relative Dimensions In Space "  ) .
But perhaps the series biggest contribution to the English language was the prefix " cyber , "  to describe anything computerized .
Though the term " cybernetic "  was used in 1948 , it was probably some ongoing Doctor Who villains , the Cybermen , who turned " cyber "  into a prefix .
Countless IT and internet geeks , not to mention science fiction authors , have followed their lead .
4. Violence and Gore for Boys and Girls
Doctor
Who was created as a kids ' show , but its concepts and stories were smart enough to win a following among adults .
As a result , the show became slightly more " grown - up , "  which did n't impress people like outspoken morals campaigner Mary Whitehouse , who thought it was too scary and violent for kids .
In 1972 , it was on the BBC 's " black list "  of the 10 most violent shows .
" Our program is n't violent , it 's all just fantasy , "  objected actor Jon Pertwee ( left ) , who played the Doctor at the time .
" It would n't upset an 80 - year - old maiden aunt and my young son loves it . " 
The complaints of scariness and violence continued throughout the 1980s , but the series became a yardstick of what was acceptable on children 's television .
It changed attitudes and caused much debate .
It might have been fantasy , but it inspired British kids ' TV to become tougher and grittier .
5. Changing the Genre
Doctor
Who was a major influence on British science fiction television , which is very different from the American sci-fi .
For starters , British producers did n't have the budget for great special effects or sets , so instead they focused on imaginative scripts , finding creative ways to do cheap effects and building alien sets that made the plastic planets on the original Star Trek look realistic .
In fact , were it not for the success of Doctor Who , British science fiction might be very rare indeed .
Without Doctor
Who , we would never have had such cult sci- fi shows as Blake 's Seven , The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy , Red Dwarf and Life on Mars .
Even many of Britain 's non -sci - fi comedy and drama series were Who- influenced .
The new series of Doctor Who has a higher budget and production standards , but the focus is still on scripts and acting .
It helps that so many of Britain 's best writers and actors grew up on Doctor Who , and are eager to do it .
The first head writer of the new series , noted playwright Russell T Davies , was a long - time Doctor Who fan .
So are current star David Tennant , and most of the writers and directors .
For a cheap kids ' show , it sure influenced a lot of Britain 's finest creative people .
Mark Juddery is a writer and historian based in Australia .
See what else he 's written at markjuddery.com .
So the battle over Avandia has begun anew , and issues raised in the meeting between the four executives and Dr. Nissen are likely to be raised again .
For instance , during the meeting , company executives repeatedly promised to begin a crucial analysis of the safety of Avandia “ within days . ”
Nearly three years later , such a study has not been published in a medical journal , although the company has posted results on its Web site .
Also during the meeting , Dr. Ronald L. Krall , GlaxoSmithKline ’s chief medical officer , predicted almost exactly the results of another crucial study of Avandia that was two months from publication and whose results , according to scientific protocols and the company itself , should have been kept secret from the company .
In an interview , Dr. Nissen said the recording showed that the executives hoped to persuade him not to publish his study by suggesting that they had contradictory information they would share with him in a joint study .
“ In retrospect , it seems clear that neither statement was true , ” Dr. Nissen said .
“ They did not have contradictory data , and they never intended to cooperate in any analyses . ”
In response to questions , GlaxoSmithKline said that its executives went to see Dr. Nissen to discuss a possible research collaboration and to review the safety information surrounding Avandia .
“ G.S.K. was not aware that Dr. Nissen secretly recorded the May 10 meeting and is disturbed to learn that he did so without advising G.S.K. , ” the company said in an e-mail message .
Dr. Krall , in an e-mail message on Monday , said he did not recall discussing potential results of the Avandia study in the meeting , but added that he did not learn the results “ until many days after the meeting with Dr. Nissen . ”
Rafael Benítez last night declined the chance to commit his future to Liverpool after it emerged Juventus are drawing up an official contract document for the Spaniard in an attempt to demonstrate the seriousness of their interest .
Benítez had the opportunity to reaffirm his allegiance to Anfield when asked about Juventus 's pursuit of him following a dour goalless draw at Molineux that did nothing to enhance Liverpool 's hopes of salvaging a top - four finish .
But he refused to address the subject , adding to the uncertainty over his position at Anfield .
" I prefer to talk about the game , " said the manager , who insisted reports about his future before last night 's match had not been a distraction .
" I was really focused today trying to do the right thing to try to win the game . "
Guus Hiddink is also on Juventus 's radar .
The Dutchman 's wage demands , and the likelihood of Benítez remaining in situ until the end of this season , present the Italians with the problem of having to appoint an interim manager should Ciro Ferrara pay the price for falling 16 points adrift of Internazionale in Serie A .
But they hope confirmation of the terms on offer at Stadio delle Alpi will convince Benítez , who signed a five - year contract at Liverpool in March last year , to leave behind the internal problems at Anfield .
The Liverpool manager 's agent , Manuel García Quilón , denied that he had received an approach from Juventus .
" I have had no contact with Juventus or with any other Italian club regarding an interest on Rafa Benítez , " he said .
Juventus , however , registered their interest directly with Benítez , and did not go through Quilón , when deciding the Spaniard met their criteria for a new manager several days ago .
The State of The Oatmeal
What 's this all about ?
TheOatmeal.com is now 8 months old and I wanted to take a moment to make a few announcements .
I also wanted to explain why you wo n't be seeing as many comics from me in the next 6 weeks .
The Traffic
TheOatmeal.com launched on July 6 , 2009 , and since then traffic has been growing steadily .
Currently , the site is receiving 4.6 million unique visitors and over 20 million page views a month .
With that , I 've been able to successfully work on the Oatmeal full - time and ( happily ) end my career in web design and SEO .
( THANK GOD . )
The Oatmeal Shop has grown enough that I not only can support myself , I hired a few of my family members to handle order fulfillment .
In short : The Oatmeal is becoming the biggest thing since Hannah Montana and Winston Churchill COMBINED .
The Book Deal Since launch , I 've been selling a 30 page self - published comic book .
As of a few weeks ago , however , I signed a book deal with Andrews McMeel , my first pick publishing house whose other comic artists include The Far Side , Calvin and Hobbes , Dilbert , and a bunch more .
The full - sized book will contain a massive collection of new comics from The Oatmeal , and because I 'll be working hard on all these new comics I wo n't be posting as often to the site until after they 're done .
Expect updates to become slow on the Oatmeal for the next 4 - 6 weeks .
Holy Goat Shit !
How can I be notified when the new book is available !?
So what about the old book ?
There are a few hundred copies of the old comic book left in stock , but once these run out I wo n't be ordering any more .
Sorry folks , the old comic book has sold out !
There 's still posters available though .
The Television
I got invited by NBC to appear in a documentary about The Oatmeal which will appear on Last Call with Carson Daly .
I flew to Burbank last week for the shoot , but I do n't know the exact date of when it 'll air yet .
It 's supposed to go live in March sometime , so I 'll be sure to let you know .
The episode will also be on NBC.com so you can always watch it later if you miss it the first time around .
The Digg Party
I 'll be attending the Digg party at SXSW on Saturday , March 13 in Austin , TX - so if you want to meet me make sure to come up and say howdy .
I look different from how I draw myself , so do n't go looking for an obese bald guy .
I 'll also be at a couple other events in the next few months , view them here .
The Thanks
Lastly , I want to formally thank Digg and Reddit for being such spectacularly awesome communities .
A big part of The Oatmeal 's success can be attributed to the metaphorically - giant - bear - hug I received from both of them , which enabled me to expose my website to a buttcrapton of people in a very short period of time .
We 've all heard wishy - washy talk about the big impact one person can make on the internet , but with social news sites such as these this idea has truly come to fruition .
Reddit and Digg , thank you for letting one guy be heard !
To everyone else , thanks for continuing to be a fan of The Oatmeal .
I love you with every square inch of my bloated , black , shrieking little heart .
- The Oatmeal
In the face of disaster , small acts of heroism can add up .
Even sending a simple SMS can lead to more than $ 20 million raised for relief efforts surrounding the Haiti earthquake .
Enter another small act of heroism , this time on the part of CNN anchor Anderson Cooper .
While filming in Haiti , Cooper was in the vicinity when a store fight reportedly broke out and left a boy wounded after suffering a blow to the head from a concrete block .
In the video below ( Warning : It 's on the graphic side ) , Cooper extricates the boy from the confrontation to relative safety .
The footage enters into a larger dialogue surrounding the role of journalists as impartial observers in dire situations like the Haiti disaster .
As medical correspondents become field doctors and newscasters rescue children from the crossfire , it 's a timely ethical debate perhaps without a clear - cut solution .
What 's your take :
Do journalists have a duty to provide aid in life - threatening situations or does that level of emotional engagement impact the independence required for good journalism ?
[img credit : Jonathan Torgovnik / Reportage by Getty Images for CNN ]
[ via BuzzFeed ]
Green
Thumb is a free , vector - based social media icon set designed exclusively for release on Visual Swirl .
The package contains icons for the following sites : Delicious , Design Bump , Design Float , Digg , Facebook , Linkedin , Myspace , Reddit , RSS , Stumbleupon , Technorati , and Twitter .
Green
Thumb is a free , vector - based social media icon set designed exclusively for release on Visual Swirl .
The package contains icons for the following sites : Delicious , Design Bump , Design Float , Digg , Facebook , Linkedin , Myspace , Reddit , RSS , Stumbleupon , Technorati , and Twitter .
All icons are available in four sizes : 256×256 , 128×128 , 64×64 and 32×32 pixels .
You can use this set for any private or commercial project for free without restrictions .
The set may not be resold , sub - licensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to share this set .
This set was inspired by a tutorial on Vectortuts .
The icons were created using some of the techniques outlined in the tutorial .
Enjoy !
Start saving on printing services today .
Visit our website to learn more about business card printing today .
Share it With Your Friends :
Want More ?
Subscribe and We'll Deliver it to You .
Canonical announced a few hours ago the immediate availability of a new Linux kernel security update for the following Ubuntu distributions : 6.06 LTS ( Dapper Drake ) , 8.04 LTS ( Hardy Heron ) , 8.10 ( Intrepid Ibex ) , 9.04 ( Jaunty Jackalope ) and 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) .
The update also applies to Kubuntu , Edubuntu and Xubuntu and it patches 10 important security issues ( see below for details ) discovered in the Linux kernel packages by various hackers .
Therefore , it is strongly recommended to update your system as soon as possible !
The following Linux kernel vulnerabilities were discovered :
1 . The EXT4 and HFS filesystems failed to check various disk structures .
Because of this , a remote attacker could trick a user into mounting a specially devised filesystem and could crash the affected system or gain root ( system administrator ) privileges .
The issue was discovered by Amerigo Wang and Eric Sesterhenn and affects all the aforementioned Ubuntu systems .
2. FUSE ( Filesystem in Userspace ) failed to check various requests .
Because of this , a local attacker that had access to FUSE mounts could crash the affected system or gain root ( system administrator ) privileges .
The issue affects only Ubuntu 6.06 LTS , 8.04 LTS , 8.10 and 9.04 systems .
3. KVM failed to decode various guest instructions .
This could lead to a DoS attack and crash the affected system , by triggering " high scheduling latency " in the host .
The issue affects only Ubuntu 8.04 LTS , 8.10 , 9.04 and 9.10 systems .
4 . The OHCI firewire driver failed to handle various ioctls .
Because of this , a local attacker could crash the affected system or gain root ( system administrator ) privileges .
The issue affects only Ubuntu 8.04 LTS , 8.10 , 9.04 and 9.10 systems .
5 . The Linux kernel failed to handle O_ASYNC on locked files .
Because of this , a local attacker could gain root ( system administrator ) privileges .
The issue was discovered by Tavis Ormandy and affects only Ubuntu 9.04 and 9.10 systems .
6 . The e1000e and e1000 network drivers for Eee PCs failed to check Ethernet frames ' size .
Because of this , a local attacker on the LAN could crash the affected system or gain root ( system administrator ) privileges by sending specially devised traffic .
The issue was discovered by Neil Horman and Eugene Teo , and affects all Ubuntu systems .
7. Random contents of kernel memory could be shown by " print - fatal - signals " reporting .
This could lead to loss of privacy .
The issue affects only Ubuntu 8.04 LTS , 8.10 , 9.04 and 9.10 systems .
8. IP v6 failed to handle jumbo frames .
This could lead to a DoS attack and crash the affected system .
The issue was discovered by Olli Jarva and Tuomo Untinen , and affects only Ubuntu 9.04 and 9.10 systems .
9 . The rules of bridging netfilter could be modified by regular users .
This could lead to a DoS attack , by fracturing the network traffic .
The issue was discovered by Florian Westphal and affects all Ubuntu systems .
10 . Linux kernel memory could be leaked by various mremap operations .
This could lead to a DoS attack , by consuming the entire available memory .
The issue was discovered by Al Viro and affects all Ubuntu systems .
The above Linux kernel vulnerabilities can be fixed if you update your system today to the following specific packages :
• For Ubuntu 6.06 LTS , users should update their kernel packages to linux - image - 2.6.15-55.82 .
• For Ubuntu 8.04 LTS , users should update their kernel packages to linux - image - 2.6.24-27.65 .
• For Ubuntu 8.10 , users should update their kernel packages to linux - image - 2.6.27-17.45 .
• For Ubuntu 9.04 , users should update their kernel packages to linux - image - 2.6.28-18.59 .
• For Ubuntu 9.10 , users should update their kernel packages to linux - image - 2.6.31-19.56 .
Do n't forget to reboot your computer after this important kernel update !
To verify the kernel version , type the sudo dpkg -l linux - image - 2.6.31 - 19 - generic command in a terminal ( the example is for Ubuntu 9.10 users ONLY , and it will output the version of the Linux kernel listed above ) .
ATTENTION : Due to an unavoidable ABI change , the kernel packages have a new version number , which will force you to reinstall or recompile all third - party kernel modules you might have installed .
Moreover , if you use the linux - restricted - modules package , you have to update it as well to get modules that work with the new Linux kernel version .
Get the latest stable version of Ubuntu right now from Softpedia .
Do n't forget to share it with your friends and family !
According to an announcement posted today on Hydeout Productions , DJ and hip hop producer Nujabes passed away late last month in a car accident at the age of 36 .
Nujabes , whose real name is Seba Jun , is remembered as one of the premiere producers in the underground hip - hop scene .
His philosophical , atmospheric music spanned beyond his native Japan .
He has done collaborations with British and American artists such as CYNE 's Cise Star ( Lady Brown ) and Substantial ( Think Different ) .
He is perhaps most widely recognized for his work on the soundtrack of Samurai Champloo .
His production company notes that he had been working on several tracks , which they hope to piece together and release as his final work .
Oakland - based music artist and collaborator
Without having to raise the heartbeat again , took off into the sky .
View the full changelog
MAJOR NEW FEATURES :
* Support for reading and replying to messages in HTML .
* Full support for IMAP servers .
CHANGES :
** vm-pgg is not loaded by default because it is a set up as an add-on .
** The variable `vm- mime - show - alternativ es ' is deprecated .
Set
the variable `vm-mime - alternative - select - method ' to 'all .
IMPROVEMENTS :
** The commands `vm - mime- save - all - attachments ' and `vm-mime - delete - all - attachments ' have been moved to the VM core ( from vm-rfaddons ) .
* `vm-delete- duplicate - messages ' now works by comparing message ID 's. ( from Noah Friedman 's vm-addons ) .
** text / html handling controlled by a new variable `vm- mime - text / html- handler ' which is set to ' auto - select by default .
It causes VM to locate the best library and use it .
MORE DETAILS - in the NEWS file
Drilling and placing piles date back to the earliest times .
Even former pile - dwellings in prehistoric times had wooden piles .
Of course , everything was done manually and took a long time .
Today it is more modern and technology has advanced a lot – so drilling and installation of piles have become more accessible than ever .
We will introduce you to the equipment and machines used when drilling and installing piles and protective fences – and even solar panels .
Physical appearance plays a crucial role in shaping new relationships , but does it continue to affect established relationships , such as marriage ?
In the current study , the authors examined how observer ratings of each spouse ’s facial attractiveness and the difference between those ratings were associated with ( a ) observations of social support behavior and ( b ) reports of marital satisfaction .
In contrast to the robust and almost universally positive effects of levels of attractiveness on new relationships , the only association between levels of attractiveness and the outcomes of these marriages was that attractive husbands were less satisfied .
Further , in contrast to the importance of matched attractiveness to new relationships , similarity in attractiveness was unrelated to spouses ’ satisfaction and behavior .
Instead , the relative difference between partners ’ levels of attractiveness appeared to be most important in predicting marital behavior , such that both spouses behaved more positively in relationships in which wives were more attractive than their husbands , but they behaved more negatively in relationships in which husbands were more attractive than their wives .
These results highlight the importance of dyadic examinations of the effects of spouses ’ qualities on their marriages .
Source : Beyond initial attraction : Physical attractiveness in newlywed marriage .
By McNulty , James K. ; Neff , Lisa A. ; Karney , Benjamin R. Journal of Family Psychology .
Vol 22 ( 1 ) , Feb 2008 , 135-143 .
How I built a solar panel for $ 100 – You can too
In this article I am going to describe how to build a photo voltaic solar panel for a fraction of the price you would pay a manufacturer .
I ’ll show you how inexpensive materials and common tools can be used to make panels that rival commercial products in power production , but blow them away on price .
Several years ago I bought a remote property in Arizona .
I am an astronomer and wanted a place to practice my hobby far away from the sky - wrecking light pollution found near cities of any real size .
I found a great piece of land , but it ’s so remote that there is no electricity .
That ’s definitely a good thing - no electricity equals no light pollution .
But it would be nice to have at least a little power , since so much of life in the 21st century is dependent on it .
Initially I built a wind turbine .
And it works great … when the wind blows .
It was soon clear however that I needed not only more power but more dependable power .
I do get well over 300 sunny days a year on the property though , so solar power seemed like the obvious choice to supplement the turbine .
My problem was cost –as I say , I ’m an astronomer and the price of solar panels is astronomical .
So I decided to try my hand at building my own .
Really a solar panel is just a box that holds an array of solar cells .
Solar cells are the things that do the actual work of turning sunlight into electricity .
Sorry to any one who thought I was going to tell them how to make their own cells .
As far as I know it is impossible without complex production facilities .
Seconds from e bay
However it takes a lot of cells to make a useful amount of power , and being largely glass , they are very fragile .
That ’s why individual cells are assembled into protective panels .
It does n’t sound too complicated .
I was convinced I could do it myself .
It was clear however that the main stumbling block to building solar panels is acquiring solar cells at a reasonable price .
But once I realised that I could use blemished and factory - second solar cells to build my panels and that they were available on e bay , I got down to work .
I started by buying a couple of bricks of 3 X 6 mono - crystalline solar cells on Ebay
It takes a total of 36 of these type solar cells wired in series to make a panel .
Each cell produces about 1/2 Volt. 36 in series would give about 18 volts which would be B good for charging 12 volt batteries .
( Yes , you really need that high a voltage to effectively charge 12 Volt batteries ) .
This type of solar cell is as thin as paper and as brittle and fragile as glass .
They are very easily damaged .
The seller of these solar cells dips stacks of 18 in wax to stabilize them and make it easier to ship them without damaging them .
The wax is a real pain to remove though .
So , if you can , find cells for sale that are n’t dipped in wax .
Keep in mind though that they may suffer some more damage in shipping .
Another tip .
Buy cells with tabs on them .
You are already going to have to do a lot of soldering to build a panel from tabbed solar cells .
If you buy cells without tabs , it will at least double the amount of soldering you have to do .
Tabbed
cells are well worth the extra .
All together I bought enough cells to make 2 panels .
I knew I ’d probably break or otherwise ruin at least a few during construction , so I bought extras .
There are lots of other sizes of solar cells besides 3 X 6 inches available .
You could use larger or smaller cells for your panel .
Just keep a few things in mind .
Solar cell facts
- Cells of the same type all produce the same voltage no matter what size they are .
So the same number of cells is always needed .
- Larger cells produce more current ( Amps ) and smaller cells produce less current .
- The total power your panel can produce is determined by Amps X Volts .
So using bigger cells produces more power , but the panel will be large and heavy .
Using smaller cells keeps the panel small and light , but wo n’t produce as much power .
Also , mixing cell sizes is not a good idea .
This is because the current your
panel can produce will be limited by the smallest cell in the group and the larger cells wo n’t work to their full potential .
The cells I settled on are 3 X 6 inches in size and are rated at roughly 3 amps .
I wired 36 of them in series to get a little over 18 volts .
The result was a panel capable of delivering almost 60 Watts of power in bright sunlight .
It does n’t
sound like a lot , but it sure beats no power at all , which is what I had on my property before .
Of course they only work when the sun is shining .
So I use it to charge up batteries which are primarily used for powering lights and small appliances for only a few hours after dark .
Once I go to bed , my power requirements drop to almost nothing .
So 60 Watts is actually quite a lot of useful power , especially when I also have my wind turbine adding to the power production when the wind is blowing .
After you buy your solar cells , put them away in a safe place where they wo n’t get dropped , played with by the kids , or eaten by the dog until you are ready to install them in the panel .
I ca n’t stress this enough .
Excessive handling will turn
your expensive solar cells into shiny little blue fragments that are n’t useful for anything .
A solar panel is just a box
When it comes down to it , a solar panel is really just a shallow box .
So that ’s what I started building .
( The box is shallow so the sides do n’t shade the solar cells when the sun comes at an angle . )
The box I designed is made of 3/8 inch thick plywood with 3/4 X 3/4 pieces of wood around the edges .
The pieces are glued and screwed in place .
This panel will hold 36 3 X 6 inch solar cells .
I decided to make 2 sub - panels of 18 cells each just so make it easier to assemble later .
So there is a center divider across the middle of the box .
Each sub - panel will fit into one well in the main panel .
The side pieces are 3/4 by 3/4 and go all the way around the edges of the plywood substrate .
Another piece goes across the center to divide the panel into two sub-panels .
This is just the way I chose to do it .
There is nothing critical about these dimensions , or even the overall design .
Feel free to deviate in your own design , you may well come up with something better .
Here ( below right ) is a close - up showing one half of the main panel .
This well will hold one one 18 cell sub-panel .
Notice the little holes drilled in the edges of the well .
These are vent holes to keep the air pressure inside the panel equalized with the outside , and to let moisture escape .
These holes must be on the bottom of the panel or rain and dew will run inside .
There must also be vent holes in the center divider between the two sub panels .
Venting is crucial
After a little use I learned that the vent holes should be at least 1 /4 inch in diameter .
And you should stuff a little fiberglass insulation in the holes in the bottom rail of the panel to keep dust and critters out .
Next I cut two pieces of masonite peg -board to fit inside the wells .
These pieces of peg - board will be the substrates that each sub - panel will be built on .
They were cut to be a loose fit .
You do n’t have to use peg - board for this .
I just happened to have some on hand .
Just about any thin , rigid and non-conducting material should work .
To protect the solar cells from the weather , the panel will have a plexiglass front .
Glass could also be used , but it ’s too fragile .
Hail stones and flying debris that would shatter glass will just bounce off the plexi .
Plexi is not flexi
But be careful working close to the edge of the plexi .
I drilled and countersunk holes all around the edges of both pieces of plexiglass so I could screw them onto the face of the panel with 1 inch drywall screws .
If you get too aggressive it will break .
I just glued the broken piece back in and drilled another hole a short distance away .
Next I gave all the wooden parts of the panel several coats of paint to protect them from moisture and the weather .
The box was painted inside and out .
The type of paint and color was scientifically selected by shaking all the paint cans I had laying around in my garage and choosing the one that felt like it had enough left in it to do the whole job .
I also painted the peg - board pieces with several coats on both sides .
That ’s important .
If you do n’t , they will curl when exposed to moisture .
Curling could damage the solar cells that will be glued to them .
For the rest of Mike ’s guide to building your own sola panel , read part 2 – out tomorrow – we are very pleased to present this handy guide for free because there are so many scams out there at the moment offering to sell you this advice for up to $ 200
For more stories from off - grid . net search here
Our Our fastest solar ovenBake , roast or steam a meal for two people in minutes , reaching up to 550 °F ( 290 °C ) .
GoSun Sport sets the bar for portable solar stoves .
Buy our book - OFF THE GRID - a tour of American off - grid places and people written by Nick Rosen , editor of the off - grid .
net web site
Just hours before Adobe is slated to deliver the latest patches for its popular PDF viewer , a security firm announced that by its counting , malicious Reader documents made up 80 % of all exploits at the end of 2009 .
According to ScanSafe of San Bruno , Calif. , vulnerabilities in Adobe 's Reader and Acrobat applications were the most frequently targeted of any software during 2009 , with hackers ' PDF exploits growing throughout the year .
In the first quarter of 2009 , malicious PDF files made up 56 % of all exploits tracked by ScanSafe .
That figure climbed above 60 % in the second quarter , over 70 % in the third and finished at 80 % in the fourth quarter .
" PDF exploits are usually the first ones attempted by attackers , " said Mary Landesman , a ScanSafe senior security researcher , referring to the multi-exploit hammering that hackers typically give visitors to malicious Web sites .
" Attackers are choosing PDFs for a reason .
It 's not random .
They 're establishing a preference for Reader exploits . "
Landesman , the author of ScanSafe 's just - published annual threat report , said that attackers ' preferences for PDF exploits were clearly demonstrated by the data .
Exactly why hackers choose Adobe as their prime target is tougher to divine , however .
" Perhaps they are more successful , " she said .
" Or maybe it 's because criminal attackers are human , too .
We respond when we see a lot of people going after a particular product ....
We all want to go after that product , too .
In the attacker arena , they might be thinking , ' Gee , all these reports of Adobe Reader zero - days , maybe I should get in on them too . ' "
She also called out the popularity of Reader as a big reason why hackers have pinned a bull 's - eye on Adobe .
" There 's the ubiquitous factor , " Landesman said .
" PDF use is huge . "
Contributing to Adobe 's problem is a major increase in vulnerabilities .
Landesman 's searches of the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures ( CVE ) database showed a rapid climb in reported bugs harbored within Adobe 's products .
In 2009 , 107 Abode vulnerabilities were logged into CVE , nearly double the 58 added in 2008 and almost triple the 35 reported in 2006 .
" There 's obviously a lot of activity [ by researchers ] trying to flush out vulnerabilities from Adobe 's software , " Landesman said .
" All of these things kind of converge , " she added .
" I 'm not trying to bash Adobe ....
Attackers are like electricity , they always follow the path of least resistance .
For them , it 's ' Tag , you 're it , ' and Adobe is the one now . "
Just as Adobe has done many times itself , Landesman recommended that users disable JavasScript in Reader and Acrobat and steer clear of the Reader browser plug -in .
Later today , Adobe plans to patch several critical vulnerabilities in Reader and Acrobat for Windows , Mac and Linux .
As Landesman intimated , Adobe struggled to keep up with hackers last year .
In 2009 , Adobe patched four PDF vulnerabilities only after they had already been exploited ; 2010 has n't started out much better , with one PDF zero - day already on the books .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
This is the third in a series of articles from Uganda by Xtra freelance reporter Kaj Hasselriis .
***
Blessed Busingye was kicked out of his local supermarket in Kampala , Uganda for being gay .
“ Your presence makes us uncomfortable , ” the store manager told him last fall .
But that ’s nothing compared to some of the other anti-gay experiences Busingye has endured — and he ’s only 21 .
“ Let me face reality , ” Busingye says in a Kampala coffee shop , with defiance in his voice .
“ I ca n’t turn back now .
I ’m young and I ’m fighting for my sexual rights . ”
As always , Busingye is dressed for success , in a neat shirt tucked into tight , pressed pants .
With his wide smile and thin , trimmed mustache , he looks like a young Eddie Murphy at the top of his game .
Busingye grew up in a small town in western Uganda called Mbarara .
He started fooling around with other boys when he was 10 .
“ We kissed and touched , ” he said .
“ I was fond of it . ”
He also did n’t think it was wrong .
“ It ’s something I knew was in me , ” he says .
“ I liked it so much .
I did n’t think it was bad at all . ”
In high school , Busingye had a boyfriend named John and six other gay friends .
But one day , a straight boy who did n’t like the attention of one of the gay boys ratted them all out .
One by one , Busingye and his friends were taken to the principal ’s office and caned by everyone on the school staff .
“ You ’ve destroyed the school ’s name , ” the principal yelled as he beat them .
All the boys were expelled .
Then they were thrown in jail .
“ We were just trying to be ourselves , ” says Busingye .
“ We did n’t know what we were doing was against the law . ”
Busingye and his friends faced years in jail .
But local media attention over their arrests caused Amnesty International to spring into action .
The human rights organization put a lawyer on their case and freed them after just two days .
Busingye gets a mischievous grin when he remembers those 48 hours .
“ It was fun , ” he says .
The boys were all locked up together .
Busingye ’s parents , however , were not amused .
His father wants little to do with him .
“ My mother is n’t the same person I knew a long time ago , ” he says , morosely .
But the negative reaction to Busingye ’s homosexuality did n’t cause him to retreat into the closet — it politicized him .
“ I was empowered , ” he says .
At his new high school , he started a youth club to help students deal with sexuality issues like HIV / AIDS and abortion , which is also illegal in Uganda .
Then , Busingye started an NGO that acts as a network of youth clubs across the country .
It ’s called Youth Reproductive Health Clinic Foundation ( YRHCF ) .
“ We engage with young people who are having challenges , ” he says , “ and help them overcome them . ”
A few months ago , Busingye helped support two young lesbians who accused a group of men of rape .
In the process , he was outed to the whole country .
Busingye ’s preacher , the notoriously homophobic Pastor Martin Ssempa , appeared at the trial and argued that the accused men were trying to turn the girls straight .
When Busingye ’s side won , Ssempa retaliated by outing his parishioner in Red Pepper , a Ugandan tabloid similar to the National Enquirer — only way dirtier .
That prompted Busingye ’s expulsion from his local supermarket — and his decision to join a new church .
“ I love God , ” says Busingye .
But the devout Christian does n’t tolerate homophobia .
He believes the Lord is on his side .
“ I pray and he answers my prayers , ” says Busingye .
If one of his prayers is for more gay sex , the Lord giveth a lot .
Last year , Busingye was sponsored to go to Amsterdam — twice — to promote his NGO .
While he was there , he discovered two new concepts : park sex and saunas .
Who ’d he meet ?
“ Lots of people , ” Busingye says with a big smile .
This year , he hopes to get grants to go to New York and India .
But if a bill to ban pro-gay organizations goes through Uganda ’s Parliament , YRHCF would have to fold — and Busingye could go to jail for a lot longer than 48 hours .
He ’s not afraid , though .
“ I ’m still young , ” he says .
“ I ’m fighting for my rights on behalf of others . ”
Coming up next :
FULL COVERAGE OF THIS WEEKEND’S VALENTINE ’S DAY “ COMING OUT PARTY ” IN KAMPALA
Get the latest update as soon it ’s posted :
T H Ray replied on Apr. 2 , 2010 @ 15:02 GMT
Steve Dufourny replied on Apr. 2 , 2010 @ 15:41 GMT
Hi dear all , I did n't know the brachistochrone curve , it is fascinating in fact .
Still and always the sphere dear friends , still and always the sphere and its rotations .... the solution always is facilitated by the sphere and its comportments of motion .
About the referential , it is always a question of serie and limits when we want correlate to the realism of the physicality .
That facilitates the understanding of the different steps before the wall .
Still and always the sphere dear friends , still and always the sphere and its rotations ....
Here is the question of the day .... the identity of euler ...... , why is it better to write correctly the identity of Euler , a first step was made with e exp i pi + 1 = 0 ( first step the - is harmonized in the physicality ) , but still the zero must be adapted , who has an idea , hihihihi ?
The groups and the constants in the finite system takes a beautiful road .
The logic has one road if the serie is encircled .
Best RegardsSteve
Anonymous replied on Apr. 2 , 2010 @ 16:00 GMT
Are you all physcis professors ?
I am in high school and am debating whether to major in Physics or Engineering .
I enjoy science and am currently taking AP physics and calculus .
I always wanted to attend Berkeley and got my acceptance letter already and now I just finishing high school and am preparing for next fall .
I stated I wished to major in engineering but I am thinking I might go for Physics instead .
The only thing I am worried about is getting a job .
With engineering you can get a very nice job with a good salary .
With physics , I believe you need a PhD to get a job anywhere .
I would certainly like to eventually get a graduate degree but I am not quite sure what to choose .
As far as the stuff here .
I find it hard to understand what you guys are talking about when you discuss things like spinors and mirror particles .
Anonymous replied on Apr. 2 , 2010 @ 16:20 GMT
I read a lot of books and watch science programs about black holes and stuff but I still do n't understand it .
In our science club we had a talk about einsteins general relativity and our teacher gave the diagram of the ball sitting on a rubber sheet with grids on it .
The ball distirted the grid and another ball placed on the grid would start to move because the grid was distorted by the other ball sitting on it .
This does n't make sense to me and the teacher could n't give me the exclanation of why a body would move at all , regardless of whether space is curved .
I can buy the idea that mass causes the space around it to be curved .
What I do n't understand is how another body around the mass would start to move just because the space is curved .
So if I have an object not moving , how does the curvature of space start the ball to suddenly start moving ?
Does n't it require a force anyways ?
Sure the object would move through the space that is curved but what causes the movement to begin with ?
Our teacher did n't have any answer .
It makes no sense to me .
report post as inappropriate
Also , if I can ask a question of the physicists here regarding black holes and general relativity I would appreciate it .
I read a lot of books and watch science programs about black holes and stuff but I still do n't understand it .
In our science club we had a talk about einsteins general relativity and our teacher gave the diagram of the ball sitting on a rubber sheet with grids on it .
The ball distirted the grid and another ball placed on the grid would start to move because the grid was distorted by the other ball sitting on it .
This does n't make sense to me and the teacher could n't give me the exclanation of why a body would move at all , regardless of whether space is curved .
I can buy the idea that mass causes the space around it to be curved .
What I do n't understand is how another body around the mass would start to move just because the space is curved .
So if I have an object not moving , how does the curvature of space start the ball to suddenly start moving ?
Does n't it require a force anyways ?
Sure the object would move through the space that is curved but what causes the movement to begin with ?
Our teacher did n't have any answer .
It makes no sense to me .
Ray Munroe replied on Apr. 2 , 2010 @ 16:21 GMT
I have a Ph.D. in High Energy Physics Phenomenology , taught for a few years , then left the field for a better - paying opportunity .
If money is your first passion , you probably will make more money with a Masters in Engineering than with a Doctorate in Physics .
However , if the search for knowledge is your passion , you might want to learn enough physics to be able to participate in these discussions .
I'm the CEO of a family business during the day , but physics is my favorite hobby , and this blog - site is one of my outlets .
And like Tom recommended , there is a lot of information on sites like Wikipedia .
I would n't trust them 100 % , but it is usually an accurate start .
Have Fun !
Ray
report post as inappropriate I would say that answer depends on your passion .
I have a Ph.D. in High Energy Physics Phenomenology , taught for a few years , then left the field for a better - paying opportunity .
If money is your first passion , you probably will make more money with a Masters in Engineering than with a Doctorate in Physics .
However , if the search for knowledge is your passion , you might want to learn enough physics to be able to participate in these discussions .
I'm the CEO of a family business during the day , but physics is my favorite hobby , and this blog - site is one of my outlets .
And like Tom recommended , there is a lot of information on sites like Wikipedia .
I would n't trust them 100 % , but it is usually an accurate start .
Have Fun !
Ray
T H Ray replied on Apr. 2 , 2010 @ 17:05 GMT
I realize that " rubber sheet geometry " is a popular teaching tool , but I honestly wish they would retire that analogy .
It does n't really give you the true flavor of general relativity .
In GR , space is mostly flat , Euclidean .
It is only at great concentrations of mass that this rubber sheet thing applies , and it does n't apply well at that , because you are getting only a 2 - dimensional view of a 3 - dimensional phenomenon embedded in a 4 - dimensional spacetime .
So it is n't suprising that , if you are at all a deep thinker in this subject , you would be confused as well as unsatisfied .
I think something to help you decide whether you want to be a physicist or not , is a serious read of Einstein & Infeld 's classic , The Evolution of Physics .
That will bring you through classical mechanics , and up to relativity .
If you appreciate what 's in there , you will surely want to probe deeper .
It 's an easily accessible book even for a high schooler , no heavy duty mathematics , but a lot of insight .
So far as your teacher 's dilemma of not being able to answer why a body would move at all -- nobody can .
The origin of inertia is still a mystery .
In terms of this " rubber sheet " relationship , however , we can calculate the attraction between masses by Einstein 's gravity equation -- you can look that up .
You probably wo n't understand it , but get the flavor , anyway .
It describes the gravity field in which the bodies move .
Tom
report post as inappropriate Anonymous , I realize that " rubber sheet geometry " is a popular teaching tool , but I honestly wish they would retire that analogy .
It does n't really give you the true flavor of general relativity .
In GR , space is mostly flat , Euclidean .
It is only at great concentrations of mass that this rubber sheet thing applies , and it does n't apply well at that , because you are getting only a 2 - dimensional view of a 3 - dimensional phenomenon embedded in a 4 - dimensional spacetime .
So it is n't suprising that , if you are at all a deep thinker in this subject , you would be confused as well as unsatisfied .
I think something to help you decide whether you want to be a physicist or not , is a serious read of Einstein & Infeld 's classic , The Evolution of Physics .
That will bring you through classical mechanics , and up to relativity .
If you appreciate what 's in there , you will surely want to probe deeper .
It 's an easily accessible book even for a high schooler , no heavy duty mathematics , but a lot of insight .
So far as your teacher 's dilemma of not being able to answer why a body would move at all -- nobody can .
The origin of inertia is still a mystery .
In terms of this " rubber sheet " relationship , however , we can calculate the attraction between masses by Einstein 's gravity equation -- you can look that up .
You probably wo n't understand it , but get the flavor , anyway .
It describes the gravity field in which the bodies move .
Tom
Anonymous replied on Apr. 2 , 2010 @ 18:33 GMT
report post as inappropriate Alright .
Thanks .
These probably sound like dumb questions to the advanced people here .
I am just confused as to why the mass starts moving without a force to move it .
I understand the curvature part when realtivity states that mass curves space , but it does n't explain why the mass would deicde to start moving through the curved space in the first place so it makes it look like there is a force .
The old law of physics by Newton says that a body wo n't move unless a force is applied to it so I can't understand how a body would start moving just because space is curved .
So what if space is curved ?
T H Ray replied on Apr. 2 , 2010 @ 22:28 GMT
Take a tip from John Wheeler : " Mass tells space how to bend ; space tells mass how to move . "
Tom
report post as inappropriate Anonymous , Take a tip from John Wheeler : " Mass tells space how to bend ; space tells mass how to move .
" Tom
James Putnam replied on Apr. 2 , 2010 @ 23:03 GMT
James
report post as inappropriate Theoretical physics embraces non-intelligence .
Particles of matter are dumb .
Nothing tells anything else how to bend or move unless there is a real explanation .
Einstein 's name is not enough to explain why there is gravity .
If an object undergoes acceleration then it is being acted upon by a force .
What is force ?
James
Lawrence B. Crowell replied on Apr. 2 , 2010 @ 23:53 GMT
Cheers LC
report post as inappropriate
In the United States anyone in the business of science or engineering is in the bueiness of going out of business .
To pursue a physics career I advise becoming fluent in one or more foreign languages so you can expand your options in the world .
The US of A is a declining civilization ( has been for the last several decades ) , one which is degenerating into an economy favoring a few investment fat - cats and bankers , and where the rest of us will be left working casinos and tatoo parlors .
Cheers LC
James Putnam replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 00:06 GMT
James
report post as inappropriate
In the United States liberty is the engine of invention .
Those who are in science and engineering and who emprace liberty will thrive .
The key is to avoid simplistic ideologies from those who are educated but who have not completed the full cycle of learning and remain embedded in their own self - pride .
Be not led to unrealistic thoughts that originate in the minds of those who desire to dominate you or to be admired by you .
You can recognize the false prophets because they will not give straight answers to your scientific questions .
They give a smattering of facts and make grand pronouncements , not knowing that they have not yet learned that they know nothing .
James
Lawrence B. Crowell replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 01:45 GMT
LC
report post as inappropriate
All politics is trash , and more to the point political ideology is crap .
It is the case that a dominant political party or one going to some sort of extreme ends up bringing up personality disordered and sociopathic types .
Oh and yeah , conservatives ( GOP ) have run things in the US by about a 2 to 1 margin for the last 40 years .
The nation has lost considerable ground on nearly all fronts of R&D and industry through the time period .
LC
James Putnam replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 02:20 GMT
Politics is a function of liberty .
It is the business of the people and their representatives .
There is , of course the intrusion of crap such as socialism and communism .
Even as crappy is psuedo scientific dogma that makes no sense and lacks logical and empirical support .
Politics is trash for tyrants who wish to dominate humanity .
There is of course the pretense that it is for the good of humanity .
Without exception , it is for the tyant 's needs .
" It is the case that a dominant political party or one going to some sort of extreme ends up bringing up personality disordered and sociopathic types . "
The typical immature name calling of middle schoolers is typical of intellectually immature middleschoolers .
Both politics and science function to serve humanity in spite of the middleschoolers who would simply make noise in order to disrupt and gain attention for themselves .
We could perhaps finally make progress if only someone truly brilliant could explain the fundamentals of theoretical physics .
Like :
What is force ; what is mass ; what is electric charge ; what is temperature ; what is thermodynamic entropy ?
Getting back to my original message : " Theoretical physics embraces non-intelligence .
Particles of matter are dumb .
Nothing tells anything else how to bend or move unless there is a real explanation .
Einstein 's name is not enough to explain why there is gravity .
If an object undergoes acceleration then it is being acted upon by a force . ... "
What is force physicist ?
James
report post as inappropriate " All politics is trash , and more to the point political ideology is crap .
" Politics is a function of liberty .
It is the business of the people and their representatives .
There is , of course the intrusion of crap such as socialism and communism .
Even as crappy is psuedo scientific dogma that makes no sense and lacks logical and empirical support .
Politics is trash for tyrants who wish to dominate humanity .
There is of course the pretense that it is for the good of humanity .
Without exception , it is for the tyant 's needs .
" It is the case that a dominant political party or one going to some sort of extreme ends up bringing up personality disordered and sociopathic types .
"
The typical immature name calling of middle schoolers is typical of intellectually immature middleschoolers .
Both politics and science function to serve humanity in spite of the middleschoolers who would simply make noise in order to disrupt and gain attention for themselves .
We could perhaps finally make progress if only someone truly brilliant could explain the fundamentals of theoretical physics .
Like :
What is force ; what is mass ; what is electric charge ; what is temperature ; what is thermodynamic entropy ?
Getting back to my original message : " Theoretical physics embraces non-intelligence .
Particles of matter are dumb .
Nothing tells anything else how to bend or move unless there is a real explanation .
Einstein 's name is not enough to explain why there is gravity .
If an object undergoes acceleration then it is being acted upon by a force . ... "
What is force physicist ?
James
T H Ray replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 02:38 GMT
You asked , " Getting back to my original message : " Theoretical physics embraces non-intelligence .
Particles of matter are dumb .
Nothing tells anything else how to bend or move unless there is a real explanation . "
Actually , there is no way in principle to tell if moving particles are intelligent or not .
" Einstein 's name is not enough to explain why there is gravity . "
One should n't confuse science with philosophy .
" If an object undergoes acceleration then it is being acted upon by a force . ... "
What is force physicist ? "
What is " physicist ? "
Tom
report post as inappropriate James , You asked , " Getting back to my original message : " Theoretical physics embraces non-intelligence .
Particles of matter are dumb .
Nothing tells anything else how to bend or move unless there is a real explanation .
" Actually , there is no way in principle to tell if moving particles are intelligent or not .
" Einstein 's name is not enough to explain why there is gravity .
" One should n't confuse science with philosophy .
" If an object undergoes acceleration then it is being acted upon by a force . ... "
What is force physicist ?
" What is " physicist ?
" Tom
Dr. Cosmic Ray replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 02:40 GMT
Time will tell the truth , but it looks like we traded better climate science for worser space science .
We also traded better Health Care for the poor for worser Health Care for the elderly ( and it involved one of the ugliest displays of politics that I 've seen in a while - my Representative ' Blue Dog Democrat ' Alan Boyd advertised that he was opposed to Health Care reform , but voted for it anyway ) .
The economy is still pretty slow ( despite the fact that the government now owns more of it ) .
We are still involved in two wars .
We still have aggressor nations who hate us .
The more things ' CHANGE ' , the more they stay the same .
Can we get back to Lisi 's theory ?
I would much rather talk about that .
Have Fun !
report post as inappropriate Dear Friends , Time will tell the truth , but it looks like we traded better climate science for worser space science .
We also traded better Health Care for the poor for worser Health Care for the elderly ( and it involved one of the ugliest displays of politics that I 've seen in a while - my Representative ' Blue Dog Democrat ' Alan Boyd advertised that he was opposed to Health Care reform , but voted for it anyway ) .
The economy is still pretty slow ( despite the fact that the government now owns more of it ) .
We are still involved in two wars .
We still have aggressor nations who hate us .
The more things ' CHANGE ' , the more they stay the same .
Can we get back to Lisi 's theory ?
I would much rather talk about that .
Have Fun !
James Putnam replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 02:58 GMT
" You asked , " Getting back to my original message : " Theoretical physics embraces non-intelligence .
Particles of matter are dumb .
Nothing tells anything else how to bend or move unless there is a real explanation . " "
' Actually , there is no way in principle to tell if moving particles are intelligent or not . '
Can change of velocity of a particle of matter be the result or the cause of intelligent activity ?
" Einstein 's name is not enough to explain why there is gravity . "
' One should n't confuse science with philosophy . '
I am not clear on what your are driving at .
Is " Take a tip from John Wheeler : " Mass tells space how to bend ; space tells mass how to move . " " science or philosophy ?
" If an object undergoes acceleration then it is being acted upon by a force . ... "
What is force physicist ? "
' What is " physicist ? " '
Physicist was Dr. Crowell .
Actually , anyone is welcome to answer that question .
Another question would be : Is gravity a force ?
And : Is force an act of intelligence ?
This matters a great deal .
It either is or is not .
If it is not , then I think we have no physics theory that can explain this universe that gave birth to intelligent life .
James
report post as inappropriate Dear T H Ray , " You asked , " Getting back to my original message : " Theoretical physics embraces non-intelligence .
Particles of matter are dumb .
Nothing tells anything else how to bend or move unless there is a real explanation . " "
' Actually , there is no way in principle to tell if moving particles are intelligent or not .
' Can change of velocity of a particle of matter be the result or the cause of intelligent activity ?
" Einstein 's name is not enough to explain why there is gravity . "
' One should n't confuse science with philosophy .
'I am not clear on what your are driving at .
Is " Take a tip from John Wheeler : " Mass tells space how to bend ; space tells mass how to move . " " science or philosophy ?
" If an object undergoes acceleration then it is being acted upon by a force . ... "
What is force physicist ? " ' What is " physicist ? " ' Physicist was Dr. Crowell .
Actually , anyone is welcome to answer that question .
Another question would be : Is gravity a force ?
And :
Is force an act of intelligence ?
This matters a great deal .
It either is or is not .
If it is not , then I think we have no physics theory that can explain this universe that gave birth to intelligent life .
James
Steve Dufourny replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 11:54 GMT
My simple humble advice is the desire to understand the things around us .
At the age of 14 , I said but How these particles know what they must become .
I think in fact that it exists real works about our foundamentals and that in all sciences , naturals , reals and rationals .
The truth is everywhere , the system is universal .
We want undertand our reality and we have equations for that , proofs .
All centers of interests are interestings when the realism is correlated .
Maths , physics , chemistry , biology , evolution , philosophy , astronomy , astrobiology , universalism , sociology , ecology .... in fact all is complementary and linked simply .
A doctorate or others is not the most important , but the real quest of the truths is a beautiful road of learning .
It exists good or bad books , good or bad teachers , good or bad works , .... but when a theory or an idea , or an equation is foundamental , it synchronizes itself simply with our laws and universals correlations .
The universality is a good teacher and the desire to understand is so important .
The sciences are everywhere and in interactions , the good books dear Anonyme , the good books and the foundamentals equations , it is only simple like that ... Newton , Bohr , Feyman , Gallilei , Einstein , Darwin , .... in fact we must continue their works simply and continue the correlations .
When the confusions appear thus forget these things , when you feel the synchro , continue ....
Good luck and regards .... choose well your university and your centers of interests ,
Steve
report post as inappropriate Hello dear Anonymous , My simple humble advice is the desire to understand the things around us .
At the age of 14 , I said but How these particles know what they must become .
I think in fact that it exists real works about our foundamentals and that in all sciences , naturals , reals and rationals .
The truth is everywhere , the system is universal .
We want undertand our reality and we have equations for that , proofs .
All centers of interests are interestings when the realism is correlated .
Maths , physics , chemistry , biology , evolution , philosophy , astronomy , astrobiology , universalism , sociology , ecology .... in fact all is complementary and linked simply .
A doctorate or others is not the most important , but the real quest of the truths is a beautiful road of learning .
It exists good or bad books , good or bad teachers , good or bad works , .... but when a theory or an idea , or an equation is foundamental , it synchronizes itself simply with our laws and universals correlations .
The universality is a good teacher and the desire to understand is so important .
The sciences are everywhere and in interactions , the good books dear Anonyme , the good books and the foundamentals equations , it is only simple like that ... Newton , Bohr , Feyman , Gallilei , Einstein , Darwin , .... in fact we must continue their works simply and continue the correlations .
When the confusions appear thus forget these things , when you feel the synchro , continue .... Good luck and regards .... choose well your university and your centers of interests , Steve
Lawrence B. Crowell replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 12:14 GMT
As for politics , if we want to really return something called democracy to the process there is one things everyone can do : turn off the television .
The whole process has been turned into a complete media three ring circus of nonsense and disinformation .
Cheers LC
report post as inappropriate Gravity is not really a force .
The motion of bodies due to gravitation is geodesic motion , or due to extremal paths in curved spacetime .
The point of supergravity or unification is to indicate how the other gauge forces are ultimately a similar physics .
As for politics , if we want to really return something called democracy to the process there is one things everyone can do : turn off the television .
The whole process has been turned into a complete media three ring circus of nonsense and disinformation .
Cheers LC
Steve Dufourny replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 12:26 GMT
The cause of the mass is intrinsic .
The center of gravities atre harmonized for an real evolution of increase of mass .
The time duration is a constan , t which helps for that .
The gravity is a force function of its intrinsic rotating system of spheres , it is evident , its forces exist relatively speaking with the volume of this sphere and spheres .
It is the gravity which curves and not the space time which implies the gravity , it is totaly different .
The superimposings of all gravitational systems are correlated with these spheres and their rotations .
The mass is better understood in this line of reasoning .
Best Regards
Steve
report post as inappropriate
If the gravitation is not really a force , thus there ????
I do n't understand because the general relativity and the gravitation are not synchronized .
The cause of the mass is intrinsic .
The center of gravities atre harmonized for an real evolution of increase of mass .
The time duration is a constan , t which helps for that .
The gravity is a force function of its intrinsic rotating system of spheres , it is evident , its forces exist relatively speaking with the volume of this sphere and spheres .
It is the gravity which curves and not the space time which implies the gravity , it is totaly different .
The superimposings of all gravitational systems are correlated with these spheres and their rotations .
The mass is better understood in this line of reasoning .
Best RegardsSteve
Ray Munroe replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 13:28 GMT
In my opinion , the origin of gravity exists in the 5 - brane of hyperspace , is translated to spacetime via entanglement ( lattice models like Lisi 's and mine may lead to conserved geometrical - like quantum numbers ) or entropy ( Verlinde - like ) or fractal properties ( El Naschie - like ) , and is observed via spacetime geometrical effects .
The origin of mass is also hidden .
If this is the case , then we need to seriously ask ourselves " Can we reconstruct the hyperspace gravitational Lagrangian that leads to observed spacetime gravity ? "
So much is hidden and mis-understood ...
Have Fun !
Ray
report post as inappropriate Dear Friends ,
In my opinion , the origin of gravity exists in the 5 - brane of hyperspace , is translated to spacetime via entanglement ( lattice models like Lisi 's and mine may lead to conserved geometrical - like quantum numbers ) or entropy ( Verlinde - like ) or fractal properties ( El Naschie - like ) , and is observed via spacetime geometrical effects .
The origin of mass is also hidden .
If this is the case , then we need to seriously ask ourselves " Can we reconstruct the hyperspace gravitational Lagrangian that leads to observed spacetime gravity ? "
So much is hidden and mis-understood ... Have Fun !
Ray
T H Ray replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 13:41 GMT
You asked , " Can change of velocity of a particle of matter be the result or the cause of intelligent activity ? "
Of course .
And usually is .
You 're assuming that there is some boundary between intelligent behavior and self organized behavior , yet no such boundary can in principle be shown .
A swarm of particles -- whether they be pollen grains in Brownian motion , birds in flight , or human beings in a traffic pattern -- exhibit behaviors that differ according to the scale of observation .
One makes assumptions about the physics of the behavior , but one can neither assign nor deny properties of intelligence .
You asked , " I am not clear on what your are driving at .
Is " Take a tip from John Wheeler : " Mass tells space how to bend ; space tells mass how to move . " " science or philosophy ? "
Science .
Wheeler is explaining how the fundamental physically real element of general relativity -- spacetime -- informs the continuous relationship between mass points in its field .
Field theories in general contain the mechanics for communicating point to point .
If you understood Lubos Motl 's criticism of Garrett Lisi 's theory , you see that Motl is asking , basically , " Where 's the physics ? " I.e. , if it 's true as Motl says that Lisi 's theory contains only bosonic relationships ( bosons are massless ) , then getting field theory dynamics from it is problematic , because without mass points ( fermionic particles ) there is no dynamic communication , no mechanics .
You asked , " Another question would be : Is gravity a force ?
And : Is force an act of intelligence ?
This matters a great deal .
It either is or is not .
If it is not , then I think we have no physics theory that can explain this universe that gave birth to intelligent life . "
Gravity in general relativity is not a force ; it is a consequence of the shape of space evolving in time .
Whatever you mean by " act of intelligence " does not inform us of what " intelligence " means .
Actually , we can get all the consequences of the physical world from principles of self organization , in which intelligence is an emergent phenomenon .
No need to assume intelligence a priori .
Tom
report post as inappropriate James , You asked , " Can change of velocity of a particle of matter be the result or the cause of intelligent activity ?
" Of course .
And usually is .
You 're assuming that there is some boundary between intelligent behavior and self organized behavior , yet no such boundary can in principle be shown .
A swarm of particles -- whether they be pollen grains in Brownian motion , birds in flight , or human beings in a traffic pattern -- exhibit behaviors that differ according to the scale of observation .
One makes assumptions about the physics of the behavior , but one can neither assign nor deny properties of intelligence .
You asked , " I am not clear on what your are driving at .
Is " Take a tip from John Wheeler : " Mass tells space how to bend ; space tells mass how to move . " " science or philosophy ?
" Science .
Wheeler is explaining how the fundamental physically real element of general relativity -- spacetime -- informs the continuous relationship between mass points in its field .
Field theories in general contain the mechanics for communicating point to point .
If you understood Lubos Motl 's criticism of Garrett Lisi 's theory , you see that Motl is asking , basically , " Where 's the physics ? " I.e. , if it 's true as Motl says that Lisi 's theory contains only bosonic relationships ( bosons are massless ) , then getting field theory dynamics from it is problematic , because without mass points ( fermionic particles ) there is no dynamic communication , no mechanics .
You asked , " Another question would be : Is gravity a force ?
And : Is force an act of intelligence ?
This matters a great deal .
It either is or is not .
If it is not , then I think we have no physics theory that can explain this universe that gave birth to intelligent life .
" Gravity in general relativity is not a force ; it is a consequence of the shape of space evolving in time .
Whatever you mean by " act of intelligence " does not inform us of what " intelligence " means .
Actually , we can get all the consequences of the physical world from principles of self organization , in which intelligence is an emergent phenomenon .
No need to assume intelligence a priori .
Tom
Steve Dufourny replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 13:44 GMT
Furthermore in your models , El Nashchie , Lisi , You , and others , you apply the infinity in a finite serie , that has no sense all that .
In a thermodynamical point of vue , that seems irrealists all that .
The origin of mass is not hidden , only the different steps before the wall are hiddens .
It is totally different too .
If the gravity and the relativity are utilized like that , it is not possible .
The hidden things are proportionals , far of us but proportionals and coherent with the foundamental laws .
The gravity is a force wich increases due to the polarization .
But its perception is relative with the volume of the studied sphere , ( and its velocity of rotations , spinals and orbitals . )
The mass of all spheres can be calculated because we can know its rotation , ... thus we know its volume simply and all the others proportions ....
Regards
Steve
report post as inappropriate I can understand but the cause is intrinsic , it is these rotations of these spheres which imply mass .
Furthermore in your models , El Nashchie , Lisi , You , and others , you apply the infinity in a finite serie , that has no sense all that .
In a thermodynamical point of vue , that seems irrealists all that .
The origin of mass is not hidden , only the different steps before the wall are hiddens .
It is totally different too .
If the gravity and the relativity are utilized like that , it is not possible .
The hidden things are proportionals , far of us but proportionals and coherent with the foundamental laws .
The gravity is a force wich increases due to the polarization .
But its perception is relative with the volume of the studied sphere , ( and its velocity of rotations , spinals and orbitals . )
The mass of all spheres can be calculated because we can know its rotation , ... thus we know its volume simply and all the others proportions ....
RegardsSteve
Bubba Gump replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 14:55 GMT
As another poster stated , if money is your primary concern , engineering would likely be the more prudent choice .
With physics , it is true that you need a PhD to really get anywhere and a Bachelors degree will noto amount to much in the market .
An industry that would hire a R&D physicist would likely want someone with extensive knowledge and experience in a paticular sub - discipline of condensed matter physics .
The R&D industry is not really interested in hiring particle physicists .
They want someone who will help them develop new products .
You can gain very good employment with just an undergraduate degree in a discipline of Engineering .
Chemical engineers are in especially big demand .
So , I would eveluate how far you plan on taking your education and do you think you will stick with it all the way to a PhD ?
If you just want a four - year degree and then plan on heading out to start making a living , I would not reccomend physics as a major as you wo n't have enough specialized knowledge of any specific area -- you gain this specialized knowledge in graduate school .
With engineering , you are specializing in one area as an undergraduate .
report post as inappropriate I think the student who asked the question is now very confused .
As another poster stated , if money is your primary concern , engineering would likely be the more prudent choice .
With physics , it is true that you need a PhD to really get anywhere and a Bachelors degree will noto amount to much in the market .
An industry that would hire a R&D physicist would likely want someone with extensive knowledge and experience in a paticular sub - discipline of condensed matter physics .
The R&D industry is not really interested in hiring particle physicists .
They want someone who will help them develop new products .
You can gain very good employment with just an undergraduate degree in a discipline of Engineering .
Chemical engineers are in especially big demand .
So , I would eveluate how far you plan on taking your education and do you think you will stick with it all the way to a PhD ?
If you just want a four - year degree and then plan on heading out to start making a living , I would not reccomend physics as a major as you wo n't have enough specialized knowledge of any specific area -- you gain this specialized knowledge in graduate school .
With engineering , you are specializing in one area as an undergraduate .
James Putnam replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 20:00 GMT
I know you could not tell from my message what my position really is .
I do not assume there is some boundary between intelligent behavior and the rest of the universe .
You used the phrase self organized behavior .
What do you say is the physical means by which self organization occurs .
Is the means described by theoretical physics ?
" Science .
Wheeler is explaining how the fundamental physically real element of general relativity -- spacetime -- informs the continuous relationship between mass points in its field .
Field theories in general contain the mechanics for communicating point to point . "
This seems to be a repitition of your previous answer .
What is the mechanics for communication point to point .
I am not aware that anyone has isolated either space or time for our inspection .
Can you point to a explainable cause and not to effects ?
" If you understood Lubos Motl 's criticism of Garrett Lisi 's theory , you see that Motl is asking , basically , " Where 's the physics ? " I.e. , if it 's true as Motl says that Lisi 's theory contains only bosonic relationships ( bosons are massless ) , then getting field theory dynamics from it is problematic , because without mass points ( fermionic particles ) there is no dynamic communication , no mechanics . "
Even with mass points there is no dynamic communication , no mechanics .
That is unless you can explain what cause is ?
" Gravity in general relativity is not a force ; it is a consequence of the shape of space evolving in time .
Whatever you mean by " act of intelligence " does not inform us of what " intelligence " means .
Actually , we can get all the consequences of the physical world from principles of self organization , in which intelligence is an emergent phenomenon .
No need to assume intelligence a priori . "
We have no means whatsoever to conduct experiments on either space or time .
All data has to do with objects .
So the force gravity remains an unexplainable force .
It causes matter to accelerate .
It is a force .
Is there another way of showing that gravity is not a force ?
Reliance upon principles of self organization is taking something that is observed and saying that it contains all of the potential properties necessary to cause all of the observed effects .
That potential must include the means for intelligence .
Intelligence cannot emerge from dumbness .
It emerges from fundamental properties that must already contain in potential form every observed intelligent effect .
You say there is : " No need to assume intelligence a priori . "
Of course there is .
Intelligence cannot arise from dumbness .
Higher intelligence cannot arise from lower intelligence .
All effects must be provided for in the properties that existed since the beginning of the universe .
Obviously those properties cannot be only dumb properties .
James
report post as inappropriate
Tom , I know you could not tell from my message what my position really is .
I do not assume there is some boundary between intelligent behavior and the rest of the universe .
You used the phrase self organized behavior .
What do you say is the physical means by which self organization occurs .
Is the means described by theoretical physics ? " Science .
Wheeler is explaining how the fundamental physically real element of general relativity -- spacetime -- informs the continuous relationship between mass points in its field .
Field theories in general contain the mechanics for communicating point to point .
" This seems to be a repitition of your previous answer .
What is the mechanics for communication point to point .
I am not aware that anyone has isolated either space or time for our inspection .
Can you point to a explainable cause and not to effects ?
"
If you understood Lubos Motl 's criticism of Garrett Lisi 's theory , you see that Motl is asking , basically , " Where 's the physics ? " I.e. , if it 's true as Motl says that Lisi 's theory contains only bosonic relationships ( bosons are massless ) , then getting field theory dynamics from it is problematic , because without mass points ( fermionic particles ) there is no dynamic communication , no mechanics .
" Even with mass points there is no dynamic communication , no mechanics .
That is unless you can explain what cause is ?
" Gravity in general relativity is not a force ; it is a consequence of the shape of space evolving in time .
Whatever you mean by " act of intelligence " does not inform us of what " intelligence " means .
Actually , we can get all the consequences of the physical world from principles of self organization , in which intelligence is an emergent phenomenon .
No need to assume intelligence a priori .
" We have no means whatsoever to conduct experiments on either space or time .
All data has to do with objects .
So the force gravity remains an unexplainable force .
It causes matter to accelerate .
It is a force .
Is there another way of showing that gravity is not a force ?
Reliance upon principles of self organization is taking something that is observed and saying that it contains all of the potential properties necessary to cause all of the observed effects .
That potential must include the means for intelligence .
Intelligence cannot emerge from dumbness .
It emerges from fundamental properties that must already contain in potential form every observed intelligent effect .
You say there is : " No need to assume intelligence a priori . "
Of course there is .
Intelligence cannot arise from dumbness .
Higher intelligence cannot arise from lower intelligence .
All effects must be provided for in the properties that existed since the beginning of the universe .
Obviously those properties cannot be only dumb properties .
James
T H Ray replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 21:29 GMT
I had started to make a long reply addressing your questions one by one , assuming that you were serious in your inquiry .
I somehow hit the wrong button , however , and lost all the information I had typed in the window .
No matter , though , when I returned and read your final paragraph , which I had not gotten to , I realized that any reply would be pointless .
All that you wrote , I 'm afraid , comes under the heading of " not even wrong " ( Pauli ) .
In fact , we know to a reasonable certainty that the idea of a designer universe is superfluous -- and yes , self - organization is a huge research area in theoretical physics .
You might want to look it up .
Tom
report post as inappropriate James , I had started to make a long reply addressing your questions one by one , assuming that you were serious in your inquiry .
I somehow hit the wrong button , however , and lost all the information I had typed in the window .
No matter , though , when I returned and read your final paragraph , which I had not gotten to , I realized that any reply would be pointless .
All that you wrote , I 'm afraid , comes under the heading of " not even wrong " ( Pauli ) .
In fact , we know to a reasonable certainty that the idea of a designer universe is superfluous -- and yes , self - organization is a huge research area in theoretical physics .
You might want to look it up .
Tom
James Putnam replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 22:12 GMT
My messages are serious .
Why theoretical physicsts think that they can define a universe using dumb , inanimate , purposeless properties and end up with intelligence as a given is definitely unclear to me .
I am sorry that you feel that understanding the origin and cause of intelligence is " not even wrong " .
Intelligence is not theory , it is fact .
Your theories are not facts .
They are invented ideas about the nature of cause .
We receive all information in the form a a mixed storm of photons coming to us at the speed of light from innumerable sources .
We must already know how to discern patterns and how to decide the best choices among patterns and how to apply meaning to those patterns and how to then draw ourselves a mental picture of what we think is occurring .
That interpretation of photonic date is an entirely local phenomenon .
All meaning that we attach to it , including the idea of distance , is not experienced by us directly .
We add the idea of distance and continuity .
I think your position is untenable , not even wrong .
James
report post as inappropriate Tom , My messages are serious .
Why theoretical physicsts think that they can define a universe using dumb , inanimate , purposeless properties and end up with intelligence as a given is definitely unclear to me .
I am sorry that you feel that understanding the origin and cause of intelligence is " not even wrong " .
Intelligence is not theory , it is fact .
Your theories are not facts .
They are invented ideas about the nature of cause .
We receive all information in the form a a mixed storm of photons coming to us at the speed of light from innumerable sources .
We must already know how to discern patterns and how to decide the best choices among patterns and how to apply meaning to those patterns and how to then draw ourselves a mental picture of what we think is occurring .
That interpretation of photonic date is an entirely local phenomenon .
All meaning that we attach to it , including the idea of distance , is not experienced by us directly .
We add the idea of distance and continuity .
I think your position is untenable , not even wrong .
James
T H Ray replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 23:16 GMT
Solipsism is not science , and hardly a worthy topic in a science forum .
Tom
report post as inappropriate James , Solipsism is not science , and hardly a worthy topic in a science forum .
Tom
James Putnam replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 23:32 GMT
This is silliness .
You have no curved spacetime data .
You have only data about the motion of objects .
Is there any other way besides relying upon theoretical constructs that can show us that gravity is not really a force ?
What real empirical difference separates gravity out from other forces ?
" As for politics , if we want to really return something called democracy to the process there is one things everyone can do : turn off the television .
The whole process has been turned into a complete media three ring circus of nonsense and disinformation . "
I understand that you are impatient with having to let others express and even worse implement their ideas .
You are helpful here in showing why democracy is the best solution .
It may not please any of us all or even most of the time , but , it is better by far than having always to do things your way or the way of someone else who feels as you do but has the determination to force the rest of us to dance on the end of their strings .
James
report post as inappropriate " Gravity is not really a force .
The motion of bodies due to gravitation is geodesic motion , or due to extremal paths in curved spacetime .
The point of supergravity or unification is to indicate how the other gauge forces are ultimately a similar physics .
" This is silliness .
You have no curved spacetime data .
You have only data about the motion of objects .
Is there any other way besides relying upon theoretical constructs that can show us that gravity is not really a force ?
What real empirical difference separates gravity out from other forces ?
" As for politics , if we want to really return something called democracy to the process there is one things everyone can do : turn off the television .
The whole process has been turned into a complete media three ring circus of nonsense and disinformation .
" I understand that you are impatient with having to let others express and even worse implement their ideas .
You are helpful here in showing why democracy is the best solution .
It may not please any of us all or even most of the time , but , it is better by far than having always to do things your way or the way of someone else who feels as you do but has the determination to force the rest of us to dance on the end of their strings .
James
James Putnam replied on Apr. 3 , 2010 @ 23:41 GMT
I do n't hit the floor that easily .
" Solipsism is not science , and hardly a worthy topic in a science forum . "
How about forgetting the tactic of dismissal ?
You may be a superior intellect , but , that is not apparent yet .
How about answering questions with answers ?
getting back to : " Take a tip from John Wheeler : " Mass tells space how to bend ; space tells mass how to move . "
Is there anyway you can actually explain the physics interpretation of ' tells ' without resorting to your imaginary causes ?
I have to ask this question because , it is clear that we do not know what cause is .
No one knows what cause is .
What is electric charge ?
Is it one of your possible answers , then you have no answer .
If you become interested I will explain why .
If you already know the answers then how about please giving some answers that do not involve guesses and conjecture ?
James
report post as inappropriate Tom , I do n't hit the floor that easily .
" Solipsism is not science , and hardly a worthy topic in a science forum .
" How about forgetting the tactic of dismissal ?
You may be a superior intellect , but , that is not apparent yet .
How about answering questions with answers ?
getting back to : " Take a tip from John Wheeler : " Mass tells space how to bend ; space tells mass how to move .
" Is there anyway you can actually explain the physics interpretation of ' tells ' without resorting to your imaginary causes ?
I have to ask this question because , it is clear that we do not know what cause is .
No one knows what cause is .
What is electric charge ?
Is it one of your possible answers , then you have no answer .
If you become interested I will explain why .
If you already know the answers then how about please giving some answers that do not involve guesses and conjecture ?
James
James Putnam replied on Apr. 4 , 2010 @ 01:15 GMT
" Can we get back to Lisi 's theory ?
I would much rather talk about that . "
I do not agree with Dr. Crowell 's politics .
I think he should stick to his specialty of inventing other dimensions .
I looked in and saw what Tom had to say and felt it needed to be challenged .
After - all , real answers should not be so cryptic and unscientific .
A real empirical answer would have sufficed .
If Dr. Crowell chooses to take the opportunity to go off topic just because I re-appear to ask a scientific question , then , I respond so that he gets pushed backward .
I do not understand why his political nonsense survives .
However , there are many others like him who wish to perfect the world so that it no longer offends their immature senses .
I say their senses stink .
I say they are not the saviors they make themselves out to be .
I think that they think in very simplistic ways that are prone to causing social damage more than improvement .
If this thread could stay on topic , I think that would be an improvement .
I challenged Tom and I am far more interested in his answers than I am in Dr. Crowell 's vitriolic views .
I think it should be possible to engage in scientific debate without him interjecting half baked political ideology .
I would very much like to see you and others get back to Lisi 's theory .
James
report post as inappropriate Dear Cosmic Ray , " Can we get back to Lisi 's theory ?
I would much rather talk about that .
" I do not agree with Dr. Crowell 's politics .
I think he should stick to his specialty of inventing other dimensions .
I looked in and saw what Tom had to say and felt it needed to be challenged .
After - all , real answers should not be so cryptic and unscientific .
A real empirical answer would have sufficed .
If Dr. Crowell chooses to take the opportunity to go off topic just because I re-appear to ask a scientific question , then , I respond so that he gets pushed backward .
I do not understand why his political nonsense survives .
However , there are many others like him who wish to perfect the world so that it no longer offends their immature senses .
I say their senses stink .
I say they are not the saviors they make themselves out to be .
I think that they think in very simplistic ways that are prone to causing social damage more than improvement .
If this thread could stay on topic , I think that would be an improvement .
I challenged Tom and I am far more interested in his answers than I am in Dr. Crowell 's vitriolic views .
I think it should be possible to engage in scientific debate without him interjecting half baked political ideology .
I would very much like to see you and others get back to Lisi 's theory .
James
anonyrat replied on Apr. 5 , 2010 @ 09:54 GMT
More than half the people here are not competent physicists .
They are random members of the public who want to understand or who think they understand or who have their own ideas or philosophy that they want to push .
Just because they talk about space and energy and physics does not mean they understand the subject .
Some of them are probably more confused than you are .
You may have noticed on the Internet that when anyone may contribute to a discussion , that includes people who do n't know what they are talking about , and even people who do n't know that they do n't know what they are talking about .
The situation is especially bad on physics forums , because there are just so many people who think they have it figured out , or who refuse to believe the modern discoveries , and so on .
I recognize the name Lawrence Crowell above .
As I recall he is involved in speculative theoretical research which I personally think is in the wrong direction , but I can guarantee that he does truly understand orthodox quantum mechanics and general relativity .
So he is probably a safe person to listen to , if you have basic questions about theoretical physics .
As for the career advice , I have no answer .
People do n't do degrees in advanced physics for job security .
But competence in physics does indicate mathematical , logical , and problem - solving ability .
During the height of the recent financial bubble , mathematical physics graduates found it relatively easy to get a job in mathematical finance .
I personally know many physicists who went into biology .
So a physics degree can indirectly be an asset .
anonyrat
report post as inappropriate Dear anonymous high school student , More than half the people here are not competent physicists .
They are random members of the public who want to understand or who think they understand or who have their own ideas or philosophy that they want to push .
Just because they talk about space and energy and physics does not mean they understand the subject .
Some of them are probably more confused than you are .
You may have noticed on the Internet that when anyone may contribute to a discussion , that includes people who do n't know what they are talking about , and even people who do n't know that they do n't know what they are talking about .
The situation is especially bad on physics forums , because there are just so many people who think they have it figured out , or who refuse to believe the modern discoveries , and so on .
I recognize the name Lawrence Crowell above .
As I recall he is involved in speculative theoretical research which I personally think is in the wrong direction , but I can guarantee that he does truly understand orthodox quantum mechanics and general relativity .
So he is probably a safe person to listen to , if you have basic questions about theoretical physics .
As for the career advice , I have no answer .
People do n't do degrees in advanced physics for job security .
But competence in physics does indicate mathematical , logical , and problem - solving ability .
During the height of the recent financial bubble , mathematical physics graduates found it relatively easy to get a job in mathematical finance .
I personally know many physicists who went into biology .
So a physics degree can indirectly be an asset .
anonyrat
T H Ray replied on Apr. 5 , 2010 @ 10:44 GMT
I am not refraining from reply to you because you have me , or anyone , stumped .
I refrain because your questions simply do not pertain to science .
Insofar as your view has any science in it at all , it is that of Aristotle , which was abandoned by the sciences long ago .
You ask , " Is there anyway you can actually explain the physics interpretation of ' tells ' without resorting to your imaginary causes ?
I have to ask this question because , it is clear that we do not know what cause is .
No one knows what cause is . "
Of course not .
Nor is it either necessary or relevant to science to know what cause " is . "
There 's no " isness " , no innate something that changes nature from dead to animate .
What we do know , is that in the positive feedback effects of a self organized universe , cause is overwhelmed by decohering effects -- Murray Gell - Mann is the major light in explaining quantum decoherence .
I agree heartily with Gell - Mann that " something else " is never required to explain a phenomenon ; no mysticsm need enter .
You are exercised over Wheeler 's wonderful metaphor for general relativity : " mass tells space how to bend ; space tells mass how to move . "
No , of course , one does n't interpret it literally , as a human - like conversation .
It is quite accurate , however , in that local effects of mass interacting with spacetime involve communication -- exchange -- of properties among points in the field .
Mass effects change in the massless points of space , as the spacetime field changes relative location of mass points by directing their motion .
You may reserve your right to be incredulous .
Your personal belief is your own business .
We know these effects to be valid , however , by experiment .
Even if turns out ( a long shot , but possible ) that relativity theory has to be adjusted , no facts would change -- just as the facts of Newtonian physics did not change with Einstein 's adjustment .
I apologize to the forum for going off topic .
Tom
report post as inappropriate James , I am not refraining from reply to you because you have me , or anyone , stumped .
I refrain because your questions simply do not pertain to science .
Insofar as your view has any science in it at all , it is that of Aristotle , which was abandoned by the sciences long ago .
You ask , " Is there anyway you can actually explain the physics interpretation of ' tells ' without resorting to your imaginary causes ?
I have to ask this question because , it is clear that we do not know what cause is .
No one knows what cause is .
" Of course not .
Nor is it either necessary or relevant to science to know what cause " is . "
There 's no " isness " , no innate something that changes nature from dead to animate .
What we do know , is that in the positive feedback effects of a self organized universe , cause is overwhelmed by decohering effects -- Murray Gell - Mann is the major light in explaining quantum decoherence .
I agree heartily with Gell - Mann that " something else " is never required to explain a phenomenon ; no mysticsm need enter .
You are exercised over Wheeler 's wonderful metaphor for general relativity : " mass tells space how to bend ; space tells mass how to move . "
No , of course , one does n't interpret it literally , as a human - like conversation .
It is quite accurate , however , in that local effects of mass interacting with spacetime involve communication -- exchange -- of properties among points in the field .
Mass effects change in the massless points of space , as the spacetime field changes relative location of mass points by directing their motion .
You may reserve your right to be incredulous .
Your personal belief is your own business .
We know these effects to be valid , however , by experiment .
Even if turns out ( a long shot , but possible ) that relativity theory has to be adjusted , no facts would change -- just as the facts of Newtonian physics did not change with Einstein 's adjustment .
I apologize to the forum for going off topic .
Tom
Steve Dufourny replied on Apr. 5 , 2010 @ 11:28 GMT
Dear James , they do not want understand simply , it 's a job for them , they win monney with these stupidities and absurdities , they shall continue thus unfortunaly .
Even in the LHC and in all labs , these monney implies chaos and decrease of velocity of evolution .
In fact they speak abot democracy or others but they dislike the truths , the real democracy and the real universality .
They confound all in sciences , they use maths tools to manipulate the public simply , they use the badest method for their credibility .
Their vanity is their sister .
Their words are without universalism , without the real foundamentals .
It is logic in fat to see these planets in this state .
It exists only a few people who are real searchers , real experimentalists , real scientists .
I invite them to study the horticulture ahahah they shall be more happy .
SAD and the word is weak ....
Best Regards dear James and congratulations for your works , the origin of the intelligence is foundamental and purely linked with the mass .
I liked a lot to read it on the net you know .
I saw an interesting idea about the velocity of rotation , indeed the mass is linked , the spheres when they decrease their spinal velocity , increase their mass , thus their we can insert the informations , the fusion light gravity , and the increase of mass , the volume do not change , only the density and the mass , thus the quantic number too do not change .
After the evolution is important to encircle the polarisations aged from 13.7 billions years , thus the volumes of the spheres are essentials .
Regards
Steve
report post as inappropriate
What a beautiful discussion .... Dear James , they do not want understand simply , it 's a job for them , they win monney with these stupidities and absurdities , they shall continue thus unfortunaly .
Even in the LHC and in all labs , these monney implies chaos and decrease of velocity of evolution .
In fact they speak abot democracy or others but they dislike the truths , the real democracy and the real universality .
They confound all in sciences , they use maths tools to manipulate the public simply , they use the badest method for their credibility .
Their vanity is their sister .
Their words are without universalism , without the real foundamentals .
It is logic in fat to see these planets in this state .
It exists only a few people who are real searchers , real experimentalists , real scientists .
I invite them to study the horticulture ahahah they shall be more happy .
SAD and the word is weak .... Best Regards dear James and congratulations for your works , the origin of the intelligence is foundamental and purely linked with the mass .
I liked a lot to read it on the net you know .
I saw an interesting idea about the velocity of rotation , indeed the mass is linked , the spheres when they decrease their spinal velocity , increase their mass , thus their we can insert the informations , the fusion light gravity , and the increase of mass , the volume do not change , only the density and the mass , thus the quantic number too do not change .
After the evolution is important to encircle the polarisations aged from 13.7 billions years , thus the volumes of the spheres are essentials .
RegardsSteve
James Putnam replied on Apr. 5 , 2010 @ 22:53 GMT
" I am not refraining from reply to you because you have me , or anyone , stumped . ... "
Of course you are stumped .
You do not know what cause is ?
Therefore , your theories about causes are guesses .
" I refrain because your questions simply do not pertain to science .
Insofar as your view has any science in it at all , it is that of Aristotle , which was abandoned by the ...
view entire post Tom , " I am not refraining from reply to you because you have me , or anyone , stumped .
... " Of course you are stumped .
You do not know what cause is ?
Therefore , your theories about causes are guesses .
" I refrain because your questions simply do not pertain to science .
Insofar as your view has any science in it at all , it is that of Aristotle , which was abandoned by the ...
" I am not refraining from reply to you because you have me , or anyone , stumped . ... "
Of course you are stumped .
You do not know what cause is ?
Therefore , your theories about causes are guesses .
" I refrain because your questions simply do not pertain to science .
Insofar as your view has any science in it at all , it is that of Aristotle , which was abandoned by the sciences long ago . ... "
Please not the dismissal tactic again .
Answers are what win debates .
" ... " You ask , " Is there anyway you can actually explain the physics interpretation of ' tells ' without resorting to your imaginary causes ?
I have to ask this question because , it is clear that we do not know what cause is .
No one knows what cause is . " ...
Of course not .
Nor is it either necessary or relevant to science to know what cause " is . " ... "
Wow !
I am impressed by this admission , but you do not seem to be aware that your theoretical beliefs survive or fall by what you deem cause to be .
If theoretical physicsts , in general , admitted this we would advance scientific learning about the meaning of empirical evidence without being forced to swear allegiance to the guesses about the nature of cause offered by theoretical physicists
" There 's no " isness " , no innate something that changes nature from dead to animate . "
Ok .
Another unsupportable grand pronouncement .
Very unscientific .
" What we do know , is that in the positive feedback effects of a self organized universe , cause is overwhelmed by decohering effects -- Murray Gell - Mann is the major light in explaining quantum decoherence .
I agree heartily with Gell - Mann that " something else " is never required to explain a phenomenon ; no mysticsm need enter . "
You are welcome to agree with whomever you please , but my question challenged you to explain how the evolution of intelligence occurs by means of the properties presented to us by theoretical physics ?
" You are exercised ... "
I am asking you to be scientific in your answers to the point that you can explain things ?
I think you are excercised in trying to pretend that you are explaining why anything happens .
Can you please answer a question directly ?
What empirical evidence do you have to offer that space and time bend ?
What experiements were performed upon either space or time ?
" ... over Wheeler 's wonderful metaphor for general relativity : " mass tells space how to bend ; space tells mass how to move . "
No , of course , one does n't interpret it literally , as a human - like conversation .
It is quite accurate , however , in that local effects of mass interacting with spacetime involve communication -- exchange -- of properties among points in the field .
Mass effects change in the massless points of space , as the spacetime field changes relative location of mass points by directing their motion . ... "
" This claim is just plain unexplainable and even more importantly has no empirical basis .
Matter tells matter what to do !
That is all you know .
You have nothing to show for what happens inbetween .
If you do then please show it ?!
" You may reserve your right to be incredulous .
Your personal belief is your own business . ... "
As is yours .
" ... We know these effects to be valid , however , by experiment . ... "
Holy cow .
You have finally gotten to the point .
The point is that we only know about effects .
We do not know what cause is .
You may list the effects , I have no problem with that .
Empirical evidence is a welcome sight when conversing with theoretical physicists .
" ... Even if turns out ( a long shot , but possible ) that relativity theory has to be adjusted , no facts would change -- just as the facts of Newtonian physics did not change with Einstein 's adjustment . "
Of course facts do not change .
Theory changes .
The reason theory changes , and is vulnerable to drastic changes , is that it purports to explain what cause is .
You nor anyone else knows what cause is .
For a single example :
The early stages of theory included defining a property we call mass .
Even today no one knows what mass is .
When we learn what mass is , everything could change .
James
view post as summary Tom , " I am not refraining from reply to you because you have me , or anyone , stumped .
... " Of course you are stumped .
You do not know what cause is ?
Therefore , your theories about causes are guesses .
" I refrain because your questions simply do not pertain to science .
Insofar as your view has any science in it at all , it is that of Aristotle , which was abandoned by the sciences long ago .
... " Please not the dismissal tactic again .
Answers are what win debates . " ... " You ask , " Is there anyway you can actually explain the physics interpretation of ' tells ' without resorting to your imaginary causes ?
I have to ask this question because , it is clear that we do not know what cause is .
No one knows what cause is . " ... Of course not .
Nor is it either necessary or relevant to science to know what cause " is . " ... " Wow !
I am impressed by this admission , but you do not seem to be aware that your theoretical beliefs survive or fall by what you deem cause to be .
If theoretical physicsts , in general , admitted this we would advance scientific learning about the meaning of empirical evidence without being forced to swear allegiance to the guesses about the nature of cause offered by theoretical physicists " There 's no " isness " , no innate something that changes nature from dead to animate .
" Ok . Another unsupportable grand pronouncement .
Very unscientific .
" What we do know , is that in the positive feedback effects of a self organized universe , cause is overwhelmed by decohering effects -- Murray Gell - Mann is the major light in explaining quantum decoherence .
I agree heartily with Gell - Mann that " something else " is never required to explain a phenomenon ; no mysticsm need enter .
"
You are welcome to agree with whomever you please , but my question challenged you to explain how the evolution of intelligence occurs by means of the properties presented to us by theoretical physics ?
"
You are exercised ...
" I am asking you to be scientific in your answers to the point that you can explain things ?
I think you are excercised in trying to pretend that you are explaining why anything happens .
Can you please answer a question directly ?
What empirical evidence do you have to offer that space and time bend ?
What experiements were performed upon either space or time ? " ... over Wheeler 's wonderful metaphor for general relativity : " mass tells space how to bend ; space tells mass how to move . "
No , of course , one does n't interpret it literally , as a human - like conversation .
It is quite accurate , however , in that local effects of mass interacting with spacetime involve communication -- exchange -- of properties among points in the field .
Mass effects change in the massless points of space , as the spacetime field changes relative location of mass points by directing their motion . ... " " This claim is just plain unexplainable and even more importantly has no empirical basis .
Matter tells matter what to do !
That is all you know .
You have nothing to show for what happens inbetween .
If you do then please show it ?!" You may reserve your right to be incredulous .
Your personal belief is your own business .
... " As is yours . " ... We know these effects to be valid , however , by experiment .
... " Holy cow .
You have finally gotten to the point .
The point is that we only know about effects .
We do not know what cause is .
You may list the effects , I have no problem with that .
Empirical evidence is a welcome sight when conversing with theoretical physicists . " ...
Even if turns out ( a long shot , but possible ) that relativity theory has to be adjusted , no facts would change -- just as the facts of Newtonian physics did not change with Einstein 's adjustment .
" Of course facts do not change .
Theory changes .
The reason theory changes , and is vulnerable to drastic changes , is that it purports to explain what cause is .
You nor anyone else knows what cause is .
For a single example :
The early stages of theory included defining a property we call mass .
Even today no one knows what mass is .
When we learn what mass is , everything could change .
James
report post as inappropriate
Lawrence B. Crowell replied on Apr. 5 , 2010 @ 23:19 GMT
The problem is that you are asking a scientifically imappropriate question .
You seem to be wanting something similar to Schopenhauer 's " Will and Representation " idea of the world .
Cheers LC
report post as inappropriate James , The problem is that you are asking a scientifically imappropriate question .
You seem to be wanting something similar to Schopenhauer 's " Will and Representation " idea of the world .
Cheers LC
James Putnam replied on Apr. 5 , 2010 @ 23:32 GMT
I noticed that Tom made an effort to call in the troops be referring to ' anyone else ' .
You did not respond to my question :
Do you have anything else to offer , besides the unempirically provable space - time , to show that gravity is not a real force ?
By the way , what I really seem to be asking is for real answers about the nature of cause .
James
report post as inappropriate Dr. Crowell , I noticed that Tom made an effort to call in the troops be referring to ' anyone else ' .
You did not respond to my question :
Do you have anything else to offer , besides the unempirically provable space - time , to show that gravity is not a real force ?
By the way , what I really seem to be asking is for real answers about the nature of cause .
James
James Putnam replied on Apr. 6 , 2010 @ 02:54 GMT
[ This was originally addressed to Tom , but can be answered by anyone ]
I wrote that :
" Intelligence is not theory , it is fact .
Your theories are not facts .
They are invented ideas about the nature of cause .
We receive all information in the form a a mixed storm of photons coming to us at the speed of light from innumerable sources .
We must already know how to discern patterns and how to decide the best choices among patterns and how to apply meaning to those patterns and how to then draw ourselves a mental picture of what we think is occurring .
That interpretation of photonic date is an entirely local phenomenon .
All meaning that we attach to it , including the idea of distance , is not experienced by us directly .
We add the idea of distance and continuity . "
I welcome a response from any theoretical physicist that does not rely upon mystical answers of empirically unobservable properties introduced by theoretical physicists into otherwise empirically based equations .
Please , leave mystical , i.e. invented and unverifiable , theories out of this .
I will ask for explanations .
What does it mean to anyone interested in real answers to say that the universe caused intelligence to evolve ?
Theoretical physics offers only dumbness in the form of mechanical type forces .
What is the empirical evidence that shows that dumbness can produce , and in the case of theoretical physics can predict , intelligence .
E8 or E88 or E888 or XXXX or YYYY or ZZZZ or any physics theory .
James
report post as inappropriate
To anyone whom it may concern , [ This was originally addressed to Tom , but can be answered by anyone ]
I wrote that : " Intelligence is not theory , it is fact .
Your theories are not facts .
They are invented ideas about the nature of cause .
We receive all information in the form a a mixed storm of photons coming to us at the speed of light from innumerable sources .
We must already know how to discern patterns and how to decide the best choices among patterns and how to apply meaning to those patterns and how to then draw ourselves a mental picture of what we think is occurring .
That interpretation of photonic date is an entirely local phenomenon .
All meaning that we attach to it , including the idea of distance , is not experienced by us directly .
We add the idea of distance and continuity .
" I welcome a response from any theoretical physicist that does not rely upon mystical answers of empirically unobservable properties introduced by theoretical physicists into otherwise empirically based equations .
Please , leave mystical , i.e. invented and unverifiable , theories out of this .
I will ask for explanations .
What does it mean to anyone interested in real answers to say that the universe caused intelligence to evolve ?
Theoretical physics offers only dumbness in the form of mechanical type forces .
What is the empirical evidence that shows that dumbness can produce , and in the case of theoretical physics can predict , intelligence .
E8 or E88 or E888 or XXXX or YYYY or ZZZZ or any physics theory .
James
Lawrence B. Crowell replied on Apr. 6 , 2010 @ 23:13 GMT
All I can really do is to implore you to read some real literature on general relativity .
You could also watch the
Cheers LC
report post as inappropriate James , All I can really do is to implore you to read some real literature on general relativity .
You could also watch the Susskind Lectures on Relativity .
There are 12 of these and they take about 1.75 hours each .
The first starts out pretty elementary , but if you watch these you will read some basic foundations towards the end .
I really do not have time to write a whole essay on the nature of gravitation here .
Cheers LC
James Putnam replied on Apr. 7 , 2010 @ 14:03 GMT
" ... I really do not have time to write a whole essay on the nature of gravitation here . "
Thank you for your cordial message and suggested resource .
I was n't looking for a lecture on relativity theory , rather a short emirical type answer .
As you already know , I think relativity theory is clearly wrong .
I also think theoretical physics is fundamentally flawed beginning back with f=ma .
The area I am not yet prepared to speak about is quantum mechanics .
That is the area I am currently looking at and working on .
James
report post as inappropriate Dr. Crowell , " ... I really do not have time to write a whole essay on the nature of gravitation here .
" Thank you for your cordial message and suggested resource .
I was n't looking for a lecture on relativity theory , rather a short emirical type answer .
As you already know , I think relativity theory is clearly wrong .
I also think theoretical physics is fundamentally flawed beginning back with f=ma .
The area I am not yet prepared to speak about is quantum mechanics .
That is the area I am currently looking at and working on .
James
T H Ray replied on Apr. 7 , 2010 @ 14:38 GMT
Tom
report post as inappropriate Really James , this has gone beyond ridiculous .
Special and general relativity are kinetic theories ; therefore , empirical .
And you 're taking issue with _ Newtonian_ physics , too ?
Wow .
Please , find a philosophy or religion blog site .
Tom
FQXi Administrator Brendan Foster replied on Apr. 7 , 2010 @ 14:59 GMT
The admin is the arbiter of what is appropriate for this site .
I do n't endorse any views expressed , but I do declare James ' comments to be entirely relevant and welcome .
Keep the discussion rolling !
T H Ray replied on Apr. 7 , 2010 @ 15:06 GMT
Tom
report post as inappropriate Okay , Brendan .
I 'll play .
However , for as many times as the subject arises , I will also point out that it is not science .
And why .
Tom
T H Ray replied on Apr. 7 , 2010 @ 15:29 GMT
Now that I have been given permission to cut loose without fear of being criticized for being off - topic , please give your definition for " cause , " and then I will give you mine ( the scientific one ) .
Tom
report post as inappropriate James , Now that I have been given permission to cut loose without fear of being criticized for being off - topic , please give your definition for " cause , " and then I will give you mine ( the scientific one ) .
Tom
James Putnam replied on Apr. 7 , 2010 @ 23:01 GMT
" Really James , this has gone beyond ridiculous .
Special and general relativity are kinetic theories ; therefore , empirical . ... "
No theory is empirical .
Theory is the accumulation of guesses that the theorists choose , because of their own philosphical biases , to replace that which they do not know about why the universe functions as it does ....
view entire post To Tom and anyone else interested , " Really James , this has gone beyond ridiculous .
Special and general relativity are kinetic theories ; therefore , empirical .
... " No theory is empirical .
Theory is the accumulation of guesses that the theorists choose , because of their own philosphical biases , to replace that which they do not know about why the universe functions as it does ....
" Really James , this has gone beyond ridiculous .
Special and general relativity are kinetic theories ; therefore , empirical . ... "
No theory is empirical .
Theory is the accumulation of guesses that the theorists choose , because of their own philosphical biases , to replace that which they do not know about why the universe functions as it does .
Empirical science belongs to the real world , and , it studies patterns in effects .
It is only effects that the universe makes known to us .
" ... And you 're taking issue with _Newtonian_ physics , too ?
Wow . ... "
The theoretical guess pushed onto f=ma was the decision to declare mass to be an indefinable property deserving its own indefinable units of measurement .
No one could have known that that was true .
It contradicts unity in the universe .
Even worse , it made disunity a permanent part of our analysis of the operation of the universe .
That is where theoretical physics first began to stray away from empirical science .
That single act caused force to be improperly defined resulting in both energy and momentum being improperly defined and adversely affected all higher level theory that has made use of any of these properties .
Theoretical physics is a facade that prevents us from seeing the universe as it really is .
I began removing that facade starting with f=ma .
Behind the facade , I have found that the erroneous guesses of theoretical physics have been compounded and are distorting mass , electric charge , space , time , temperature , thermodynamic entropy , the origins of the fundamental constants of nature , the fine structure constant , permittivity , permeability , and have made disunity so firmly a part of our analyses that numerous unobservable properties must now be invented out of nothing in order to try to patch theory back together again .
They are the new strain of guesses .
That which we carelessly tore apart must now be joined back together with super , or hyper , but in any case , magic glue .
The guesses are easy to identify .
Everytime a theorist declares a property to be a cause , it is a guess .
Theory is the practice of inventing causes .
No one knows what cause is .
Furthermore , our equations cannot display cause on either side .
If cause is found on either side , then that is a clear theoretical error .
It may be a real , even though improperly defined , property , but it is not a ' cause ' .
There is a symbol that we use in our equations to represent all causes .
That symbol is the equals sign .
All of your theoretical ' causes ' could be squeezed behind the equals sign and empirical knowledge would not suffer .
The equations would be better for it .
They would be returned to their original , natural state .
They would once again be empirical equations .
Then , they could tell us the truth about that which we can know scientifically and that which we cannot .
However , so long as they remain represented as physics equations , they can only serve to help us solve mechanical type problems .
I have previously objected to the use of the word ' tells ' .
It is certainly true that each object in the universe knows what to do .
Cause is knowing what to do and reacting accordingly to an effect .
An original cause is ' knowing everything to be done ' .
It is fair enough , in a general sense , to say that one object tells another what to do .
My objection was directed at the use of the word ' tells ' within the context of theoretical physics .
Knowing , or intelligence , is the most important property of the universe , but it is not a property of theoretical physics .
The philosophy upon which theoretical physics has been constructed cannot call upon any semblance of intelligent act in order to explain anything .
The underpinning of the philosophy of theoretical physics is that the universe is mechanical , inanimate , purposeless and dumb .
It can never know ' Why ? '.
James
view post as summary To Tom and anyone else interested , " Really James , this has gone beyond ridiculous .
Special and general relativity are kinetic theories ; therefore , empirical .
... " No theory is empirical .
Theory is the accumulation of guesses that the theorists choose , because of their own philosphical biases , to replace that which they do not know about why the universe functions as it does .
Empirical science belongs to the real world , and , it studies patterns in effects .
It is only effects that the universe makes known to us . " ... And you 're taking issue with _ Newtonian_ physics , too ?
Wow . ...
" The theoretical guess pushed onto f=ma was the decision to declare mass to be an indefinable property deserving its own indefinable units of measurement .
No one could have known that that was true .
It contradicts unity in the universe .
Even worse , it made disunity a permanent part of our analysis of the operation of the universe .
That is where theoretical physics first began to stray away from empirical science .
That single act caused force to be improperly defined resulting in both energy and momentum being improperly defined and adversely affected all higher level theory that has made use of any of these properties .
Theoretical physics is a facade that prevents us from seeing the universe as it really is .
I began removing that facade starting with f=ma .
Behind the facade , I have found that the erroneous guesses of theoretical physics have been compounded and are distorting mass , electric charge , space , time , temperature , thermodynamic entropy , the origins of the fundamental constants of nature , the fine structure constant , permittivity , permeability , and have made disunity so firmly a part of our analyses that numerous unobservable properties must now be invented out of nothing in order to try to patch theory back together again .
They are the new strain of guesses .
That which we carelessly tore apart must now be joined back together with super , or hyper , but in any case , magic glue .
The guesses are easy to identify .
Everytime a theorist declares a property to be a cause , it is a guess .
Theory is the practice of inventing causes .
No one knows what cause is .
Furthermore , our equations cannot display cause on either side .
If cause is found on either side , then that is a clear theoretical error .
It may be a real , even though improperly defined , property , but it is not a ' cause ' .
There is a symbol that we use in our equations to represent all causes .
That symbol is the equals sign .
All of your theoretical ' causes ' could be squeezed behind the equals sign and empirical knowledge would not suffer .
The equations would be better for it .
They would be returned to their original , natural state .
They would once again be empirical equations .
Then , they could tell us the truth about that which we can know scientifically and that which we cannot .
However , so long as they remain represented as physics equations , they can only serve to help us solve mechanical type problems .
I have previously objected to the use of the word ' tells ' .
It is certainly true that each object in the universe knows what to do .
Cause is knowing what to do and reacting accordingly to an effect .
An original cause is ' knowing everything to be done ' .
It is fair enough , in a general sense , to say that one object tells another what to do .
My objection was directed at the use of the word ' tells ' within the context of theoretical physics .
Knowing , or intelligence , is the most important property of the universe , but it is not a property of theoretical physics .
The philosophy upon which theoretical physics has been constructed cannot call upon any semblance of intelligent act in order to explain anything .
The underpinning of the philosophy of theoretical physics is that the universe is mechanical , inanimate , purposeless and dumb .
It can never know ' Why ? '.
James
report post as inappropriate
Lawrence B. Crowell replied on Apr. 7 , 2010 @ 23:10 GMT
Cheers LC
report post as inappropriate James , I think I understand Tom 's sentiments here .
If you think physics is wrong going back to Newton 's De Motu and Principia , then in effect you are saying science itself is wrong .
Of course all the while you state this using a machine which is fabricated with considerable knowledge of quantum theory of electrons and phonons in condensed matter .
Unfortunately if this is the case then to echo
Tom 's statement discussion is simply impossible .
You may want empirical knowledge of spacetime curvature ( Check out Einstein Lens on Google ) , but if you reject the huge amount of empirical knowledge of supporting Newtonian mechanics , " at large " with weak gravity , then extensive discussion is futile .
Cheers LC
James Putnam replied on Apr. 7 , 2010 @ 23:29 GMT
I am not saying science is wrong .
I am saying Tom and you are wrong .
" ... if you reject the huge amount of empirical knowledge of supporting Newtonian mechanics , " at large " with weak gravity , then extensive discussion is futile . .. "
I do not reject empirical knowledge .
My conclusions are based upon empirical knowledge .
I say you cannot support the above charge that you have made .
James
report post as inappropriate Dr. Crowell , I am not saying science is wrong .
I am saying Tom and you are wrong . " ... if you reject the huge amount of empirical knowledge of supporting Newtonian mechanics , " at large " with weak gravity , then extensive discussion is futile .
.. " I do not reject empirical knowledge .
My conclusions are based upon empirical knowledge .
I say you cannot support the above charge that you have made .
James
James Putnam replied on Apr. 7 , 2010 @ 23:43 GMT
James
report post as inappropriate Looking for specifics here instead of vague generalities and certainly not unsubstantiated theoretical conjecture .
James
James Putnam replied on Apr. 8 , 2010 @ 00:06 GMT
Sorry , I thought I included this in my last message .
It was not there .
Einstein 's lens is established empirical evidence .
However , it is not evidence that his theory is correct .
His theory was formed by the use of transform equations .
They are not scientifically reliable .
The point is that : Empirical evidence will reamin empirical evidence , but , it is not held captive to theoretical interpretation as , say many theoretical physicists appear to be .
The scientific question is :
What are the real properties of light that produce Einstein 's lens , but because they are real , are not suceptible to falling victim to theory as many humans do ?
James
report post as inappropriate Dr. Crowell , Sorry , I thought I included this in my last message .
It was not there .
Einstein 's lens is established empirical evidence .
However , it is not evidence that his theory is correct .
His theory was formed by the use of transform equations .
They are not scientifically reliable .
The point is that : Empirical evidence will reamin empirical evidence , but , it is not held captive to theoretical interpretation as , say many theoretical physicists appear to be .
The scientific question is :
What are the real properties of light that produce Einstein 's lens , but because they are real , are not suceptible to falling victim to theory as many humans do ?
James
Member Ian Durham replied on Apr. 8 , 2010 @ 00:19 GMT
Personally , I think its the political discussion that should be taken elsewhere .
report post as inappropriate I just want to second Brendan 's comments ( even though I 'm not an admin ) .
I do n't necessarily agree with James ' view , but having hashed out some things with him on another thread , he has an interesting , relevant , and potentially useful view .
Personally , I think its the political discussion that should be taken elsewhere .
Ray Munroe replied on Apr. 8 , 2010 @ 00:37 GMT
I have avoided this conversation .
It was somewhat off topic , and I like you , Lawrence and Tom - I 'm not trying to offend anyone .
I appreciate that you question the foundations of Physics .
In my opinion , any * EXPERT * should study a field to the point where he / she could tear it apart or build upon it , if so inspired .
You should know the strengths and know the weaknesses of any truth system that you accept .
The Susskind lectures that Lawrence recommended yesterday are pretty good .
My opinion is that the weakness of modern physics is its refusal to admit that extra hidden dimensions exist .
We wrap up all of the characteristic effects of hyperspace in our definitions of time and fields and particles .
As such , we confuse real cause with our idea / model of cause , and we confuse real effect with our idea / model of effect .
I think it is fruitless to directly challenge Newtonian Physics or Relativistic Physics or Quantum Physics because these truth systems perform perfectly well in their regimes of validity .
Generally , one cannot overthrow an established theory .
The reason is that there is a buffer layer of mathematical modeling that removes theory from direct contact with experiment .
If you ' overthrow ' an aspect of an established theory , then we recognize an anomaly in the theory by inventing a new model for that specific case .
I think you should narrow your approach , or you wo n't be able to see the trees for the forest .
Have Fun !
Ray
report post as inappropriate Dear James , I have avoided this conversation .
It was somewhat off topic , and I like you , Lawrence and Tom - I 'm not trying to offend anyone .
I appreciate that you question the foundations of Physics .
In my opinion , any * EXPERT * should study a field to the point where he / she could tear it apart or build upon it , if so inspired .
You should know the strengths and know the weaknesses of any truth system that you accept .
The Susskind lectures that Lawrence recommended yesterday are pretty good .
My opinion is that the weakness of modern physics is its refusal to admit that extra hidden dimensions exist .
We wrap up all of the characteristic effects of hyperspace in our definitions of time and fields and particles .
As such , we confuse real cause with our idea / model of cause , and we confuse real effect with our idea / model of effect .
I think it is fruitless to directly challenge Newtonian Physics or Relativistic Physics or Quantum Physics because these truth systems perform perfectly well in their regimes of validity .
Generally , one cannot overthrow an established theory .
The reason is that there is a buffer layer of mathematical modeling that removes theory from direct contact with experiment .
If you ' overthrow ' an aspect of an established theory , then we recognize an anomaly in the theory by inventing a new model for that specific case .
I think you should narrow your approach , or you wo n't be able to see the trees for the forest .
Have Fun !
Ray
T H Ray replied on Apr. 8 , 2010 @ 01:17 GMT
Did you really mean to suggest that " cause " means " knowing everything to be done " ?
You really want to stick with that and defend it as a scientific definition ?
Think carefully .
Tom
report post as inappropriate James , Did you really mean to suggest that " cause " means " knowing everything to be done " ?
You really want to stick with that and defend it as a scientific definition ?
Think carefully .
Tom
James Putnam , replied on Apr. 8 , 2010 @ 01:41 GMT
Hi , you are a polite , respectful person and it is a pleasure to know you even if only over the Internet .
I think that my opinion should not affect the work that you and Dr. Crowell are cooperating on .
I really do look forward to seeing your name attached to a successful submission to a formal scientific journal .
I do not pretend to think that I could do the same .
" ... My...
view entire post Dear Ray , Hi , you are a polite , respectful person and it is a pleasure to know you even if only over the Internet .
I think that my opinion should not affect the work that you and Dr. Crowell are cooperating on .
I really do look forward to seeing your name attached to a successful submission to a formal scientific journal .
I do not pretend to think that I could do the same . " ... My ...
Hi , you are a polite , respectful person and it is a pleasure to know you even if only over the Internet .
I think that my opinion should not affect the work that you and Dr. Crowell are cooperating on .
I really do look forward to seeing your name attached to a successful submission to a formal scientific journal .
I do not pretend to think that I could do the same .
" ... My opinion is that the weakness of modern physics is its refusal to admit that extra hidden dimensions exist .
We wrap up all of the characteristic effects of hyperspace in our definitions of time and fields and particles .
As such , we confuse real cause with our idea / model of cause , and we confuse real effect with our idea / model of effect . "
I cannot support this view .
Hidden is hidden .
In other words , it is not , by definition , empirical .
I think that the effects we observe are real , because , they take place in the same space and time in which we live .
They are our real evidence .
Anything else is added on as an imaginary fix for problems that we have created .
That is what I think has and still is happening .
" I think it is fruitless to directly challenge Newtonian Physics or Relativistic Physics or Quantum Physics because these truth systems perform perfectly well in their regimes of validity . ... "
I do not think it is fruitless to review old interpretations in light of new knowledge .
The successes of any theory old or new rely only upon the degree of accuracy achieved by the theorist to fit their theory to the patterns observed in empirical evidence .
I pointed to this in my first message .
Equations begin , or should begin , as accurately representing empirical knowledge .
Once they have been reformed , by theorists , into something else that represents the theorist 's unempirical point of view , then they can continue to usefully extrapolate or interpolate predictions of other effects that are inherently consistent with the original empirical patterns , but , are no longer valid as representing the true nature of the universe .
" ... Generally , one cannot overthrow an established theory .
The reason is that there is a buffer layer of mathematical modeling that removes theory from direct contact with experiment . ... "
If you are defining mathematical modeling as theoretical modeling , then I think that modeling immediately removes the empirical form of the equation from existence and replaces it with an unverifiable model of what the theorist wants to speculate about .
Once the theorist 's unempirical ideas have been stripped away , their theory is also simultaneously stripped away .
The empirical form of the equations will remain .
The removal of theory does not remove the foundational equations that model the patterns observed in empirical evidence .
" ... If you ' overthrow ' an aspect of an established theory , then we recognize an anomaly in the theory by inventing a new model for that specific case . ... "
In this case I disagree .
If theory is the cause of the problem , then it must be exluded from the corrective action taken to remove the problem .
My approach would be to remove inventive models first and then resist inventive models thereafter in fixes or whatever .
James
view post as summary Dear Ray , Hi , you are a polite , respectful person and it is a pleasure to know you even if only over the Internet .
I think that my opinion should not affect the work that you and Dr. Crowell are cooperating on .
I really do look forward to seeing your name attached to a successful submission to a formal scientific journal .
I do not pretend to think that I could do the same . " ... My opinion is that the weakness of modern physics is its refusal to admit that extra hidden dimensions exist .
We wrap up all of the characteristic effects of hyperspace in our definitions of time and fields and particles .
As such , we confuse real cause with our idea / model of cause , and we confuse real effect with our idea / model of effect .
" I cannot support this view .
Hidden is hidden .
In other words , it is not , by definition , empirical .
I think that the effects we observe are real , because , they take place in the same space and time in which we live .
They are our real evidenc
Something is wrong .
A ­sensible , clean - living chap such as David ­Miliband wants nothing more ­sinister than to lead the Labour party , yet he finds himself consorting with spies , lawyers , rendition merchants and torturers .
His only ­experience of coercion was waterboarding British school teachers with targets and red tape .
Now he must defend the interrogators of Guantánamo and explain away the bloodstained cells of Pakistan and Morocco .
Whatever plaudits were due to ­Foreign
Office lawyers during the ­Chilcot inquiry have been expunged by this week 's revelation of their antics in trying to conceal details of post - 9/11 ­torture by British agents .
The security services were clearly implicated in the brutal questioning of the Guantánamo inmate , Binyam Mohamed – treatment so bad as to render his trial unsafe and force his release .
Papers revealed by the high court depict a Foreign Office running about stamping on a stream of embarrassing disclosures , largely because Miliband was desperate not to seem a wimp in front of his hero , Hillary Clinton .
We now know that both Miliband and the head of MI5 , Jonathan Evans , told an untruth in asserting , as the latter said last October , that British security services do not practise torture , " nor do we collude in torture or solicit others to torture people on our behalf " .
While the definition of torture is moot , at least five relevant incidents in Guantánamo are admitted .
On Wednesday , Miliband was forced to hire the maestro of Whitehall autocracy , Jonathan Sumption QC , to demand that the Master of the Rolls censor his damning judgment of Miliband to avoid giving further pain to ministers .
We must assume that Miliband did not trust his own lawyers to do this dirty work .
All this is because Britain believes that publishing details of what interrogators did to its residents would lead Washington to retaliate by not warning of an ­impending terror attack on London .
The belief is absurd .
How did we reach this pass ?
The answer has taxed philosophers from Socrates to Hannah Arendt .
Even the nicest people go to the bad when caught up in ill - conceived , illegal or unjust wars .
Socrates wrestled with the duty of obedience to a stupid state .
Arendt noted how easily officials drift down the path of horror when they lose sight of the point where morality calls on them to say no .
They sink , she said , into " the banality of evil " .
The so - called war on terror saw a politically weak American president seek popularity in redefining a criminal act as a " war between states " .
Tony Blair agreed .
His assertion to the Chilcot inquiry that " 9/11 changed everything " was self - serving .
The attack was just the latest in a line of attempted terrorist atrocities by Islamist extremists , albeit one that succeeded horrifically .
To call such crimes acts of war gives them rhetorical force , but in no sense did al - Qaida or its imitators threaten the integrity or security of a western state .
These countries are too strong for such threat to be meaningful .
The only damage they can do beyond sudden carnage is self - inflicted , by governments that decide to react with exaggerated fear .
Yet the pretence of " going to war " has unleashed two of the most destructive , costly and prolonged state - on - state aggressions in half a century .
What is extraordinary is the reluctance of British politics to bring a sense of proportion to the terrorist threat .
Every agency of democracy , from parliament to the army , the police and the media , is directed at exaggerating the status and menace of al - Qaida – and thus at doing Osama bin Laden 's work for him .
Some politicians have clearly had doubts .
At Chilcot , Jack Straw claimed to have proposed supporting , but not joining , America in Iraq .
As it was , his overt backing for the war was , he boasts , critical since " if I had refused , the UK 's participation in the military action would not in practice have been possible " .
Given his doubts and the weight of legal advice coming his way , it is hard to see him as anything but a man who lacked the courage of his convictions .
Other cabinet ministers are lining up to express their own doubts about Iraq , as they will one day do about Afghanistan .
They say that war is " not my department " , that they " made Tony aware of my reservations " , that it was all America 's fault .
Yet such was the deceit of these wars , such has been the ­slaughter , the atrocity against civilians , the torture of prisoners , the abuse of human rights – and so few the resignations – that Arendt 's banality of evil seems everywhere .
Tuesday 's Spectator debate on Afghanistan at the Royal Geographical Society , much attended by soldiers , had the jingoistic quality of Joan Littlewood 's Oh , What A Lovely War !.
To the oft - repeated question , why are we there , speakers such as General Lord Guthrie and the historian Andrew Roberts pleaded the party line .
It was " to make the streets of London safe " , to create a stable democratic state in Afghanistan that gave no house - room to al - Qaida , even if it took decades and even if the terrorists " moved elsewhere " .
Since this sounded like trying to empty the sea with a spoon , the case for war shifted over the course of the debate .
It was to enable Britain " to be a real Nato force " , " to show itself to the world " , " to cut some ice " .
The war became a manifestation of patriotism and national potency .
Would it not be terrible to be another Germany , France , Sweden , Japan ?
War did not need just cause , or even efficacy , merely a noble epithet .
The case for being in Afghanistan has become an exercise in verbal sophistry .
To Guthrie , we are killing Taliban " to stop them killing us " .
To Roberts we are doing so to stop them setting off a dirty nuclear bomb , which would " spread cancer over a 30 - mile radius " , a terrorist - appeasing fantasy debunked in John Mueller 's recent Atomic Obsession .
The truth is that mission creep has made this war largely ideological – witness constant ministerial references to Kabul ­corruption , to opium , warlordism and the treatment of women .
The streets of London are not being saved in the plains of Helmand , any more than they would be if the fight went to the mountains of Waziristan or the hills of Yemen .
To the war party , ­Islam is the problem .
It is the regime that must be changed .
Yet an enemy that poses no concerted threat to western territory or western interests has been allowed to damage the west 's liberal tradition .
Bush and Blair were brazenly unconcerned with international law .
We now have it confirmed that they do not care for the Geneva conventions .
Such hard - won restraints on the practice of war , such as not bombing civilian targets , not assassinating leaders , respecting cultural sites , treating prisoners humanely , and sustaining the rule of law back home , have been casually set aside .
Like all bad wars , those in Iraq and Afghanistan taint any who touch them .
In the next few days , thousands of ­British troops will , yet again , have to fight to clear some Taliban for a while from some patch of Helmand .
Ask the purpose of this fight and the answer makes no sense .
The means of war may have advanced since the days of Athenian democracy , but the ends not at all .
The idea of older mothers causes intense debate
A 59 - year - old plans to have a baby through IVF and dissenting voices can be heard everywhere from the newspapers to the office watercooler .
But is there really any reason why we should have a problem with the idea , asks medical ethicist Daniel Sokol .
Imagine walking past a poster on the street .
It shows a mother and baby .
The mother , however , is old enough to be the baby 's grandmother .
The initial reaction of many passers - by , upon being told that this grey - haired and wrinkled woman is the mother , would be one of revulsion .
There is something deeply unnatural about the image .
FIND OUT MORE ...
Too Old to Be a Mum ? is on Tuesday 26 January at 2235 GMT on BBC One
Or catch up using the iPlayer
These are the thoughts that many have had in response to the news that Susan Tollefsen , who became a mother at 57 , is now considering IVF treatment again at the age of 59 .
But is there a rational basis for concern ?
It 's icky The " yuck " response is not uncommon in the face of new things .
It is an internal red flag , telling us in an indistinct way that something is amiss .
At times , that something is perfectly reasonable .
The disgust we feel at the recent torture of two young boys by brothers aged only 11 and 12 is underpinned by solid reasons .
Yet , often , our " yuck " response is nothing but the external manifestation of ignorance or prejudice .
CHLOROFORM CONTROVERSY
In 1840s , use of anaesthesia in childbirth strongly opposed by clergy in Church of England Some clinicians believed it was going against God 's will that women should " in sorrow , bring forth children " as punishment for Eve 's sin
And some thought it caused women to become sexually aroused during labour
This is apparent by looking at history .
Pain - relieving chloroform in the 19th Century , heart transplantation ( involving a donor and recipient of different races ) , homosexuality , and in vitro fertilisation in the 20th Century , were all met with initial cries of disgust .
The birth of the first " test tube " baby , Louise Brown , in 1978 was deemed immoral by , among others , the Vatican and Nobel laureate James Watson .
" I am not a wizard or a Frankenstein , " said Dr Patrick Steptoe , the gynaecologist involved in the creation of Louise Brown .
These examples show that what society considers morally permissible evolves with time .
They also point to the need to dissect our gut reactions .
It 's unnatural In one sense , the computer screen in front of you is unnatural .
It is the product of man 's ingenuity .
So too is an umbrella .
Distinguishing the natural from the unnatural is not an easy task .
Rajo Devi had a baby at the age of 70 Can we say that keeping people alive on life support or resuscitating them when they would otherwise have died is natural , but that enabling an older woman to conceive a child is not ?
Both are trying to " remedy " the natural ravages of ageing .
If we accept that both can be viewed as unnatural , we must appeal to something else to justify treating them differently .
Welfare of mother and child Assisted reproduction , like virtually all medical procedures , carries a risk of harm .
The treatment , usually requiring several cycles of IVF , is hard on women emotionally and physically .
At 60 , the impact is likely to be greater than at 30 .
Yet , in a liberal democracy , individuals are to a large extent allowed to incur even significant risk as long as this does not harm others .
" Over himself , over his own body and mind , the individual is sovereign , " wrote the 19th Century philosopher John Stuart Mill .
RASHBROOK REACTION
Dr Patricia Rashbrook had child by IVF aged 62 , prompting controversy Jon Gaunt , in the Sun , wrote : " The news that the selfish 62 - year - old , Patricia Rashbrook , has ' given birth ' to a baby boy makes me sick to the pit of my stomach . "
Karren Brady , in the Birmingham Mail , wrote : " I know that there are wrinkly old rockers like Michael Douglas , Rod Stewart and Mick Jagger who are fathers to young children , but they are because they can be .
Women of the same age are n't because they can't be .
Or should n't . "
AN Wilson , in the London Evening Standard , wrote : " Women in their 60s these days are usually fit , and often make ideal carers for children .
Why the uproar about supposed selfishness ?
Is it because the sight of a competent , pretty woman being happy fills other people with envy ? "
The problem is that assisted reproduction involves a third party - the potential child .
He or she cannot consent to the risk of harm .
Neither , of course , can any baby .
There is evidence , however , that IVF babies are at greater risk of birth defects than naturally conceived babies .
A study published in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2002 suggested that IVF babies have double the risk of major birth defects compared with naturally conceived babies .
" How much more at risk with potential mothers in their 60s ? " is a key question in determining the morality of assisted reproduction in that age group .
Another concern is the child 's welfare in childhood and beyond .
Last July , the single woman who had become the oldest mother in the world at 66 died after having cancer , less than three years after the birth of her twins .
What awaits them now ?
They may grow up to live a fulfilled life , as many orphans do , but their odds are not as favourable as their parented counterparts .
But what about a young mother in a country where civil war , disease or other factors mean she may not see the child to adulthood ?
Yet we are not comparing like with like .
It is always possible to point to a worse situation and say " see , it 's not as bad as this " .
Maybe so , but that is not a cogent reason for allowing the practice .
An argument popular among philosophers is that , as long as the child 's life is of acceptable quality , it is irrational to use arguments based on the child 's welfare .
The alternative for that particular child is non-existence .
The twins would not be alive without their elderly mother 's decision to undergo IVF .
Is their life really so bad that they themselves would have preferred non-existence ?
Philosophers are still not agreed on how to solve this apparent puzzle .
The good mother
There has been much talk in recent years of reproductive autonomy , the idea that people should be able to make their own reproductive choices .
Yet what are the limits of such autonomy ?
Did the lesbian couple who in 2002 sought a deaf sperm donor to create a deaf child overstep the mark ?
Can people choose to have a baby girl because they prefer girls ?
Is there an ideal age for a family ?
And what about our 60 - year - old mothers ?
While these questions have no easy answer , it is clear that the limits must in part be set by the risk and severity of harm to the potential child .
Who determines the cut - off point is another matter .
There are many other arguments both in favour and against allowing older women to use assisted reproduction techniques ( including issues of resource allocation , age discrimination , adoption and other alternatives , feminist critiques , and slippery slope arguments ) , but one that appears repeatedly in everyday conversation is the feeling that there is something " not quite right " with a 60 - year - old woman who wants a baby : " What kind of selfish woman would dream of such a thing ?
She wo n't be a very good mother at that age .
Poor child " .
This is where prejudice and societal values colour our judgement in ways that may be imperceptible to ourselves .
Many passers - by will look at the woman in the poster like a jury eyeing up the defendant at the start of a trial .
They will deliver an immediate verdict .
Justice requires a more considered approach .
Dr Daniel Sokol is honorary senior lecturer in medical ethics at Imperial College London .
Below is a selection of your comments .
I can understand why any woman would like to become a mother , and the mothering instinct brought about by pregnancy hormones is the same , no matter what age she is .
However , I had an older mother , and there were generational differences that caused problems at times , and my mum was often too tired to do some things with me that my friends took for granted .
Also I had to deal with the death of my dad in my early 20s .
They always told me that if they died before I was an adult , I would be taken care of .
I lived as a child worrying about this .
Sarah Burns , Wimborne , UK
What about men who can have children well into their 70s , 80s or even later ?
While these men more often than not have children with a younger woman , and she can obviously live longer if the older father passes away , these children are still bereft of one of their parents , possibly at an early age .
What is there to say that a 60 - year - old woman who has children does not have a family network around her , or a younger partner to raise her children with ?
Why this obsession with women providing the " only possible " ( or " right " ) care for children ?
What about fathers ?
Janet , London , UK
My husband and I are undergoing IVF for a second time .
The first one was unsuccessful .
We lost our seven - year - old daughter ( an only child ) in 2007 , when she had a brain haemorrhage .
We did n't ask for this to happen , but happen it did .
I am now 44 and our chances of falling pregnant naturally are pretty low .
IVF , for us , is the only way we can start a family again .
I do believe there should be an age at which IVF is n't allowed , but who should say what this age is ?
Who should play God ?
Liz , Hartlepool
What right has anyone to say that 59 is too old ?
I am sure these women will make far better caring , loving mothers than some little teenager who has ended up pregnant .
I say good for these older mothers and having two sons , one at 23 and one also by IVF at 37 , I would prefer to be the older mum , and if I could afford it I certainly would have another try now and I am over 50 .
Keep your opinions to yourselves - it 's individual choice .
A May , Buckinghamshire
My only major anxiety about women becoming mothers at 60 is that , when the child is 10 , his or her mother will be 70 .
It does n't matter if she 's a fit and active individual ; 70 virtually all women start to slow down and suffer a variety of health problems .
Making the assumption there are no older siblings , is it right for the child - still in primary education at this point - to have to shoulder responsibilities of caring for an elderly relative ?
Possibly two , if the father is a similar age ?
Are n't children growing up too early as it is ?
It 's not an issue of whether the woman would be a good mother , it 's the pragmatics of someone that age dealing with a growing child who is still to enter his / her teenage years .
The mother has every right to self - advocacy , and is old enough to know perfectly well what she wants .
The same can not be said for the infant .
Caine Johnson , West Midlands , UK
You could argue that if nature does not allow conception , that something is wrong .
But IVF helps so many couples who deserve to be parents achieve their goal and that is a blessing of modern science .
But being over 45 in fertility terms is medically old .
Look at the statistics - miscarriages , abnormalities and substantially reduced chances of conceiving past this age .
The age thing for me is based on the quality of life that child will have with a mother old enough to be their grandmother .
Losing a parent in your 20s is bad enough , but having older parents means they may never be around to see you mature is very sad .
Personally I think having children via IVF over 50 is selfish - being a parent is about being selfless and thinking of the future happiness of your child .
If you have an inherent need to be a mother at that age , there are plenty of children who need fostering now .
L Thompdon , Kent
As long as I am not paying for the treatment , or the child , through my taxes when those monies could be used otherwise to support the NHS and people who are really ill ; then as long as an individual has the life expectancy , desire , means and capability to provide the financial emotional and physical support that a child needs , then fine .
If not do n't do it .
Nick , Northampton
In researching family history , I have seen that the lot of many women was to have child after child from marriage in late teens or early 20s until they naturally could not have more , which tended to be early 40s .
Many a later child had adult siblings .
Many a woman had a dozen or more surviving children , and probably a few that did n't survive .
Today we would not see lives lived in that way as " natural " .
Today women have a choice .
To my mind , as long as they are not expecting me and other taxpayers to fund their lifestyle choices , why should n't they ?
I personally would not want to become a parent again in later life , but that is my lifestyle choice .
Folk are different .
Marcus Oakland , Lund , Sweden Heck , the hospital labelled me an " elderly primagravida " at 37 ... and now , as a 50 - year - old lady with long , grey hair , I get taken for her grandmother upon occasion .
Megan , Cheshire , UK I do n't think there is a right or wrong age .
People should be taught in school that if you are planning a baby , you need the financial back - up to help , so many teens bringing children into the world thinking they will get a free ride with money but instead they are finding that the money is tight and they are just scrapping by .
Any woman at any age needs to plan these things .
Stacie , Guisborough
Why not ?
if 60 is the new 40 and they have come to the end of their career and want a child , then they can retire and spend every waking hour with the child and be like the old days when women stayed at home , were fulltime parents and not run back to work as soon as whether by choice or necessity .
I had to return to work due to divorce when mine were 4 and 6 but I really enjoyed the first few years at home with them .
Elaine Jones , Rhyl , Wales Nobody seems to be quoting research on aged sperm and the health - related effects on babies .
Personally , I would n't want another child in my 60s for all sorts of reasons - mostly practical and financial - but nobody bats an eyelid at aged fathers , not only celebrities ( Rod Stewart et al ) but ordinary guys who marry younger women .
I do n't hear any " yuck " sounds about 70 - year - old dads but the image is just as odd surely ?
As people live and work longer , having children later and later will simply need to be incorporated into society .
It 's here to stay .
Irene Scofield , Petersfield , UK My mother was 39 when I was born in 1989 .
For the time , that was quite old , and within my groups of friends at school , I always had easily the oldest mother , usually by a decade or so .
She turns 60 next week ( I am 20 ) , and I am still astonished when my friends say that their mothers are in their 40s .
I always felt different because of the bigger age difference .
Other kids seemed to have much more fun with their parents , and whilst I accept that this is as much to do with personality as anything , I still believe that had she been younger , we would have got on a lot better .
She is from a different age , a post - war baby boomer , and there is a world of difference between being brought up in the 50s , and being brought up in the 90s , which we could never cross , and meant we often did n't see eye to eye .
The most important thing in this situation is the child .
Whilst I fully support every woman's wish to have a child , it seems selfish to have children at a later stage of life without thinking about how it will affect the child , for example being bullied at school because of it .
Anon , Sheffield
My only problem with a 60 - year - old woman having children is they are unlikely to still be alive at their 20th birthday .
Surely the child has a reasonable right to , under normal circumstances , still have their parents alive into their 20s ?
The chances the child will have to deal with the death of their mother during their teenage years is unjustifiable high and this is not a fair burden to place on the child .
Martin Bryant , Rugby
What these parents are ignoring is the needs of the child and are only concerned with their selfish wants .
A child needs a parent that can play with them , it requires someone with boundless energy to keep up with a child .
These children will get ridiculed at school - any child that is different will - so ultimately these parents are just being incredibly selfish .
Tanya Daly , London , UK
You need to consider the needs of the child .
My father was in his late 30s when I was born so when I was in school I did feel different , knowing most other kids parents were a lot younger and I was teased as a result .
Also the older you have children , the less " life time " you get , generally .
So you raise a child only to die when he / she is young , thus depriving them of a normal childhood .
Plus there are the obvious health implications .
L Campbell , Portsmouth , Hants
What right do we as a society , supposedly civilised and democratic , to decide for a woman ?
These older women are not selfish , they want what any perfectly normal woman wants .
Society needs to look beyond age as an excuse to prevent older women having babies .
When you really think about it ... are any of us that capable that we make no mistakes ?
Are we all perfect parents ?
The happiest children in the world are those who are nurtured and loved by those closest to them - fed and warm , understood and respected .
Never before has the phrase " respect your elders " been more important .
Sarah Walton , Neath
As a 31 - year - old woman who is just starting to hear the vague ticking of my biological clock , the idea that women can get help conceiving into their 60s does let me breathe easier and feel a little less rushed .
But at the same time , something about it does make me feel a bit repulsed .
While current technology allows for women to have more flexibility and freedom in their lives and with their bodies , by waiting so long these women seem to have pushed the boundaries beyond what is good for the child .
I think there is an ideal age for a family - it's a fairly broad window - and it allows for the optimum health and enjoyment of all of the family members .
Time is an issue for women , and will always be , and most of my male friends would agree it is an issue for them too .
The choice to have children needs to be about what is best and safest for the mother and the child - and the family they are part of - but it feels like these women are making these decisions solely on their wants and without considering any other repercussions .
I wonder if some of their decision is based on regrets and a strong desire to stave off loneliness as they get older - which can't be right .
Fiona , Edinburgh
As a 62 - year - old grandmother I feel very sad for the children of old mothers as you do not have the energy you had when you were in your 20s and 30s .
If your reproductive life has ended , so be it .
Julia Gibson , Exeter Nature decreed that reproduction should take place at a time when the parents are at the height of their health and strength , for the good of the offspring .
These days we have , through our own efforts , extended that period of health .
We should not dismiss older motherhood out - of - hand , but equally it is something that needs very careful consideration by anyone thinking of taking it on both from their own point of view and , crucially , the point of view of the resulting child .
Sal , London
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AP
The " investigation " into the death of Olympic luger Nodar Kumaritashvili has concluded , and officials have announced what killed him
It appears after a routine run , the athlete came late out of curve 15 and did not compensate properly to make correct entrance into curve 16 .
This resulted in a late entrance into curve 16 and although the athlete worked to correct the problem he eventually lost control of the sled resulting in the tragic accident .
The technical officials of the FIL were able to retrace the path of the athlete and concluded there was no indication that the accident was caused by deficiencies in the track .
In other words , Nodar 's death had nothing to do with the fact that , because of the track design , he was going 90 miles per hour ( 15 mph faster than older tracks ) , had only a few milliseconds to " make correct entrance into curve 16 " after exiting Curve 15 ( which the lugers have dubbed the 50 - 50 curve on account of your odds of exiting it without crashing ) , and then flew out of a track that , with a small nod to safety , could easily have been covered with netting , Plexiglas , or higher walls and not flanked by immovable steel poles .
( Note also the strategic use of the word " eventually " in the statement , as though Nodar lost control of the sled over a period of months .
In fact , the whole thing happened in less than half a second ) .
So let this be a lesson to you , Olympic lugers !
Do n't forget to " make correct entrance into curve 16 . "
Or else you 'll fly home in a box .
The show must go on !
See Also : Why Are n't Luge Tracks Designed So You Can't Fly Out At 90 MPH And Hit Steel Poles ?
“ My eyes have now been opened to an underground I never knew existed ”
Yesterday evening the House voted to concur in some Senate amendments that were tacked onto the Medicare Physician Payment Reform Act. John Dingell ( D - MI ) was the chief sponsor , and six decent Democrats co-sponsored it : Robert Andrews ( NJ ) , George Miller ( CA ) , Frank Pallone ( NJ ) , Charlie Rangel ( NY ) , Pete Stark ( CA ) and Henry Waxman ( CA ) .
It sounded innocent enough , and it passed 315 - 97 .
But the voting breakdown looked weird to me .
A mixed bag of 10 Republicans and an awful lot of the best liberals in Congress were in opposition .
I mean Ron Paul and Don Young and Jason Chaffetz on the one hand , and then Waxman , a co-sponsor , along with much of the Progressive Caucus joining them , as well as some random sleazy Blue Dogs .
Too strange .
I called around and realized it was the extension of the hated -- and misnamed -- Patriot Act !
The Senate had passed it by an unrecorded unanimous voice vote the day before .
Sneaky , sneaky .
One of those Progressive Caucus members who voted " no , " Yvette Clarke ( D - NY ) , explained why : “ While we continue to bolster tools that help protect our nation , it is important that we do not allow our citizens ’ civil liberties to be violated or abused in any way .
This is why I voted against H.R. 3961 .
Our government must protect our homeland while also respecting our right to privacy .
” According to Reuters , " Democrats had sought changes to protect law - abiding U.S. citizens , but Republicans managed to tie up their efforts , arguing that changes would undermine the tracking of suspected enemies of the United States . "
It looks like hawkish Dems like Jane Harman teamed up with the GOP to kill the reforms Thank God we 're rid of that neanderthal Bush and we have a brilliant constitutional scholar as president instead ... right ?
No Hope / No Change : Today the House passed the 2010 Intelligence Authorization Act by a 235 - 168 vote , Cao the only Republican voting with the Democrats .
Meanwhile another handful of strange bedfellows -- from progressives Kucinich , Filner , McDermott , Woolsey and Payne to reactionaries Herseth Sandlin and Space -- voting with the GOP obstructionists .
Progressives objected because the bill does not include Jim McDermott 's provision aimed at prohibiting harsh interrogation techniques .
Reactionary Democrats like Jane Harman combined with Republicans to kill that .
Interestingly , when the Republicans tried ( and failed ) to kill the bill with their motion to recommit , 28 Democrats joined them , mostly pro-torture conservatives like John Barrow ( Blue Dog - GA ) , Dan Boren ( Blue Dog - OK ) , Walt Minnick ( Blue Dog - ID ) , Jason Altmire ( Blue Dog - PA ) , Harry Mitchell ( Blue Dog - AZ ) , Gene Taylor ( Blue Dog - MS ) , Charlie Melancon ( Blue Dog-LA ) , Joe Donnelly ( Blue Dog -IN ) , John Adler ( D - NJ ) , Bobby Bright ( Blue Dog - AL ) , Lil' Lipinksi ( TN / IL ) , Jim Marshall ( Blue Dog - GA ) and Glenn Nye ( Blue Dog - VA ) .
Labels : Patriot Act , torture
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Israel has revealed it has reprimanded two top army officers for authorising an artillery attack which hit a UN compound in Gaza last year .
In the attack on 15 January 2009 the compound was set ablaze by white phosphorus shells .
The admission is contained in the Israeli response to the UN's Goldstone report , which concluded both Israel and Hamas had committed war crimes .
Both officers have retained their ranks , according to reports .
The Israeli army has not specifically said the rules of engagement were broken over the use of white phosphorus .
During the 22 - day conflict last year , media pictures showed incendiary shells raining down on a UN compound .
ANALYSIS Paul Wood , BBC News , Jerusalem Buried in paragraph 108 of the Israeli report to the UN is the key fact of the document .
Two senior officers were reprimanded for failing to follow their own rules of engagement .
This is an explosive admission , especially as this is about an incident involving white phosphorus and Israel had always maintained that this was not misused in Gaza .
This is the first time that Israel has acknowledged , at least in part , allegations that civilians were jeopardised by the misuse of artillery at the main UN warehouse in Gaza City .
The officers will not face criminal prosecution .
That is something the Israeli political - military establishment is desperate to avoid .
They fear it would be disastrous for morale and would damage the ability of Israel 's army to fight the next war .
However , Israel 's problem is that if its own investigations appear to the outside world to be a whitewash , the UN is all the more likely to order a special tribunal at The Hague .
The officers were named in Israeli media reports as Gaza Division Commander Brig Gen Eyal Eisenberg and Givati Brigade Commander Col Ilan Malka .
" Several artillery shells were fired in violation of the rules of engagement prohibiting use of such artillery near populated areas , " the Israeli response to the Goldstone report says .
The officers were charged with " exceeding their authority " in ordering the use of the weapons in the attack .
An Israeli Defence Force spokesman said that the reprimand would be noted on their records and would be considered if they apply for promotion in future .
Brig Gen Eisenberg is still in command of Israel 's Gaza division , and Col Malka has been moved to the West Bank under the same rank , according to the Reuters news agency .
' Evidence ' Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said the military was investigating about 150 allegations .
There was enough evidence in 36 cases to pass those claims to military police for criminal investigations .
" In this particular case , it was not referred to criminal investigation , it was n't decided that there was evidence of criminal wrongdoing and a reprimand was warranted , " Mr Regev said , referring to the shells fired on the UN compound .
Criminal proceedings have so far been opened in one case , concerning an alleged theft of a credit card from a Palestinian family by an Israeli soldier .
The soldier used the card to withdraw hundreds of dollars , Israeli media reported .
Mr Regev said there would be " serious consequences " for soldiers found guilty of criminal conduct .
' Hush money ' A Hamas spokesman said the disciplinary action was " further admission of Israel 's guilt " over alleged war crimes .
Israeli response to Goldstone report : January 2010 Gaza case studies : Weapons use Q&A : White phosphorus injuries UN criticises Israelis over Gaza Israel phosphorus use criticised Israel defends use of phosphorus
But he said he did not expect any further action to be taken against military officers .
He said Israel had paid the United Nations $ 10.5 million ( £ 6.6 million ) in damages to repair their compounds , which he called " hush money " .
A UN representative who was in the compound in Gaza city during the attack told the BBC he " expected full accountability from the Israelis " .
Two UN staff and two Palestinians sheltering in the compound were seriously injured , he said .
A doctor at Gaza city 's main hospital told the BBC he treated hundreds of Palestinians for phosphorus burns during the offensive .
UN demands
The BBC's Paul Wood in Jerusalem says it is the first time Israel has revealed it reprimanded any officer for his actions during the offensive , named Operation Cast Lead by the Israeli military .
Our correspondent says the admission was buried in the document handed to the UN on Friday .
The UN General Assembly has demanded that both Israel and Hamas launch independent investigations into their conduct during the Israeli operation which began in December 2008 .
An Israeli official said the submission to the UN was not intended to respond in detail to the allegations and incidents outlined in the Goldstone report , but to explain why the Israeli justice system was " reliable " and " independent " .
The Islamist movement Hamas has denied that its forces deliberately targeted civilians with rockets .
Both sides have until 5 February to respond in detail to the UN General Assembly 's request for independent investigations to be launched .
White phosphorus , which is used to lay smokescreens , is legal for use on open ground but its use in built - up areas where civilians are found is banned under international conventions .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Star Trek is one of the most beloved franchises in television history .
That does n’t mean it has been without its share of controversy –from the production staff to the fans to TV networks .
The most controversial episodes are discussed below .
10 The City on the Edge of Forever Original Series , 1967
With its classic time travel story , this episode is widely considered one of the best in Trek history .
However , behind the scenes , it caused a firestorm between the producers and the writer .
Harlan Ellison , a noted sci- fi author who penned the episode , was upset with the changes Gene Roddenberry and D.C. Fontana made to his story .
These included the excision of a drug addicted Enterprise crewman and a hostile Kirk - Spock relationship .
Ellison wanted his name removed from the final episode , but Roddenberry would n’t do it .
There was bad blood between the two for years .
In 2009 , Ellison sued Paramount for failing to compensate him for all the decades of merchandising the studio did for the episodes .
An LA federal court ruled in his favor .
9 Spock ’s Brain Original Series , 1968
First episode of third season , and the first to air after the series was renewed .
Too bad it would end up considered the worst Star Trek episodes of all time .
As the title would suggest , it concerns Spock ’s Brain–it ’s gone missing , and the crew must find it .
Leonard Nimoy says he felt embarrassed throughout the episode , though it ’s possible to look back on the episode and think it ’s so bad it ’s good .
8 Plato ’s Stepchildren Original Series , 1968
Under the control of aliens , Kirk and Uhura kiss .
It just so happens that Kirk is white and Uhura is black .
Though often called the first interracial kiss on TV , it was n’t ; the kiss was n’t even voluntary .
However , NBC was frightened at the potential that southern TV stations would be angered by the kiss , and they did two takes , one with the kiss and one without .
Only Nichelle Nichols , who played Uhura , deliberately flubbed the latter take , so the kiss remained .
There is n’t any evidence this show caused any real controversy when it aired , save for a single irate letter from a Southerner .
7 Conspiracy The Next Generation , 1988
Parasites infect the Federation , threatening to take it over .
The controversy comes from a particularly violent scene at the end of the episode .
Picard and Riker confront Remmick , a Starfleet officer infected by the parasites .
They shoot him with phasers , causing his body to explode , and revealing the mother bug inside .
This scene was so violent that the BBC removed it when airing the episode , and the Canadian sci - fi channel still runs it with a warning .
6 Shades of Gray The Next Generation , 1989
Star Trek ’s only clip show .
Riker falls into a coma and the only way to save him is have him relive painful memories .
Paramount told the makers they wanted to do a clip show because other episodes had big budgets .
And thus this was born .
Even a co-writer thought it was pretty bad , calling it a “ piece of shit . ”
5 The High Ground The Next Generation , 1990
This episode concerned terrorism and a planet who wants the Federation to join their fight for freedom .
Again , the Brits are to blame for the controversy .
Data has a line in which he says Ireland was eventually unified by terrorism in 2024 .
Sensitive about such a mention when the Troubles in Northern Ireland were still ongoing , the BBC cut the line when the episode first aired .
The episode has never been shown on Ireland ’s RTE channel , and sometimes when the episode is aired the UK the line is still cut .
4 Rejoined Deep Space Nine , 1995
Star
Trek is infamous for avoiding overt references to homosexuality , something fans have complained about for decades .
This is one of the few episodes to make even an oblique reference to it , showing a female kiss .
Jadzia Dax and Lenara Kahn are Trills , an alien species that lives on in symbionts implanted in host bodies .
Two of their previous hosts had a romantic relationship that was never resolved , hence the same - sex kiss .
One TV station in the south removed the scene , and the producers received a large number of negative calls in response .
3 To the Death Deep Space Nine , 1996
Notable because most of the controversy happened before the episode was aired .
“ To the Death ” was the first Star Trek episode ever cut for violence .
When the DS9 crew travel to a planet with an Iconian Gateway–a portal to practically anywhere –they encounter hoards of the vicious Jem ’Hadar .
Hand to hand combat ensues .
Originally , 52 Jem ’Hadar were shown getting killed , but this was was trimmed to 20 , losing 45 seconds of the episode .
The BBC censored it even further .
Fans complained the result felt choppy and disjointed .
2 Tsunkatse Voyager , 2000
Seven of Nine is forced to compete in an alien gladiator sport .
Among her combatants is an alien champion played by …The Rock .
To many fans , “ Tsunkatse ” was simply an attempt to cash in on the popularity of another UPN show , WWF Smackdown ! ( now WWE ) .
The Rock even used his signature moves and eyebrow raising , to the delight of his alien crowd .
Despite negative fan reaction , the episode was the highest rated of the season , and you can be sure that ’s what the producers wanted .
1 Harbinger Enterprise , 2004
Romantic tension between the Vulcan T’Pol and Commander Trip Tucker culminates in a “ love scene ” where T’Pol lets down her garment and displays her bare backside , including her naked rear end .
Ten days before the episode aired , Janet Jackson had accidentally displayed her bare breast at the Super Bowl–surely factoring into the network ’s decision to crop the scene and hide the bare bottom .
The scene was shown without cuts in Canada and exists intact on the episode ’s DVD .
please note " Adults " in the subject or body of your donation .
( SUGGESTED DONATION : $ 5 ) LYRICS !!!
YOU STILL BELIEVE IN ME ?
I came in from the storm and the television 's on .
Celebrities enact fictionalized tales .
How could my boring life compete ?
I thought about the drugs ,
how I thought they fixed my brain until I was in the dark
rattling containers , scribbling garbage to myself : I need constant attention of else I 'm gonna get distracted
but even if you tell me something I can't guarantee I 'm listening .
I hear " BA BA BA BA BA " I 've never been in love but I saw Brian Wilson once .
I was drunk and screamed too loud over the falsetto in " You Still Believe in Me . "
And I thought about the way his catastrophes could make everything okay
Until I watched the fire fade and former dayglo embers turned to ashy greys and blacks .
One exhausted triple encore , unplugged bass around his neck .
I know fires do n't last forever , but I need to find a match because these days , fuck , I 'm tired .
I used to be an awesome listener .
But now I just drift and out or get pulled away by beats and measures
like I don ' t have a choice but failure and running from a brighter future .
It 's never take me back ' cause I 'm not sorry
For all the times I ran away or wasted my vacation days .
It 's something I can't bring myself to say .
PLANNING MY DEATH
I 'm bad at making mistakes though I still make a lot of mistakes .
But I internalize the problem five times over
Until I can't seem to speak .
No goodbyes , I 'll flee the scene
Start my perfect life as an imperfect loner .
I 've been planning my death ' cause I wanna have a really good death .
I want heroism , mystery and courage .
Does anybody think about these things ?
Every time I lay down recently
I 've been overcome by nightmares filled with stabbings , guns and flames .
I 'm disappearing , no one 's saving me .
I 'm running to the undertow ' cause it 's inviting .
Not responding .
I 'm in hiding , fighting off myself .
So " Kill Me Sarah , " I get stressed out too .
I 'm teeming with the regrets of constantly clinging to
the lonely , depressing .
I 'm rebuilding myself .
Oh , I gotta have a way better self .
I 'm starting by having conversations sober .
But even with the things I try to change , the only thing I want will stay the same
That someone will miss me when my life is over .
SLUMLORD Mold and mice
and stolen bikes
and a van everybody wants to break into .
Dirty halls and holey walls .
And a door I 'm afraid I can't buzz you in through .
But I 'll be away tomorrow .
I swear I 'm gonna find a place .
I 'm gonna do this right and find a better place .
The super stares ' cause we 're on the roof and drinking beers .
I do n't care , take a photograph if you want to .
I ain't giving you shit , I ain't paying my rent
Til I got hot water and my toilet 's fixed .
I do n't care .
Try to kick me out if you want to .
' Cause I 'll be away tomorrow .
I swear I 'm gonna find a place .
I 'm gonna do this right and find a place
and I will tell my slumlord to get out of my face .
I get the world , you get nothing .
I 'm done giving a shit .
I 'm not paying my rent .
He ain't getting a thing from you and me ,
we deserve to be happy .
Fuck this lease .
We 're living in a dead city .
I get the world .
You get nothing .
You ain't getting a thing from me .
ALL AGES SHOWS
All of my work was done
I turned the TV on and I forgot that I can turn it off .
We live up on the top .
They leave the door unlocked .
So just come in .
I do n't need to buzz you up
and I never go anywhere .
I am a babbling brook
You are a pile of bricks
You 'll stop the flood and it will make me sick .
You are the shoes and feet
I am a pile of shit
I 'm fucking up a good relationship
and I never go anywhere .
In a trashed room in 1996 .
A fourteen year old punk and in a flash I 'm my parents .
And we 'll never know love , ' cause I was too busy talking to my Green Day posters
They never said nothing to me .
Let 's start a conversation about anything .
I 'm tired of arguing .
It is n't fun for me .
Reverse psychology instead of just listening up - that always seemed stupid to me .
Can you stay here ?
Can we blast the Descendents ?
Can we turn our phones off and get lost in The Simpsons ?
I feel inches away from getting swallowed by darkness .
And I know that you 're tired , but can you draw back the curtains for me ?
My friends ai n't all that great .
We play in legion halls , slam beers outside , relieve ourselves on walls .
My friends ai n't all that bad .
We play all ages shows and we 'll start on time if you decide to go .
THE FIRST TIME I MET SANAWON First off , I did n't feel comfortable .
I 'd been drinking for weeks and forgetting to eat
and sleeping shitty in a college common room .
Trying to make friends with strangers , swapping telephone numbers
Making crazy demands to play a show in your basement .
Two days later I did n't think that you would give us our first Chicago punk rock show .
I did n't think I had a chance .
I had a hunch that lost a lot of my friends .
I never thought I 'd get the feeling back again .
I never thought I 'd smile again but I was dumb
' cause I felt kinda good in your neighborhood
Although I kinda fell down atop a pile of kinda dried up blood
and stumbled back to your home without outblacking .
These days , we 're both getting old .
And while you 're buying a house , I 'm losing sight of my goals .
I took my time and now I 've got nothing to show .
But when I see you next year , we 'll have a coffee or beer
and I 'll be real glad my failures are n't making things weird .
As we get older every day feels longer
and although I know I 'll struggle I will
do my best to never get tired .
I know Chicago will be cold tomorrow
Let 's cash in on our thin blood and have another one .
No flaking no leaving .
No flaking no leaving , mistaking our dealings
for burdens that stop us from waking up early
and working , repeating the process of bleeding
our tired heads dry with the motions of failing again .
I 'm tired of complaining
I 'm tired of complaining
But I 'm thankful for the first time I met Sanawon .
STRUGGLER
They wo n't go away .
I do n't think I 've seem 'em blink at all .
They all know my name and they 're waiting for me to fall
on my face as I attempt to have my tiny little life .
They wait in the wings and I 'm not sure why .
I used to be thin .
I used to look good with a guitar .
You 're always alone when you do n't know who you are .
If the slightest shove can shatter , crush and vaporize your bones , how are you supposed to deal with stones ?
I do n't wanna go outside
' Cause I might have a terrible day and get sent home .
And I 'm not gonna change .
I 'm always gonna be here .
All day .
Beating the Productivity Checker Using Embedded Languages
Beating the Productivity Checker Using Embedded Languages
Nils Anders Danielsson
In the proceedings of the Workshop on Partiality and Recursion in Interactive Theorem Provers ( PAR 2010 ) , EPTCS 43 , 2010 . [ pdf , highlighted code , tarball with code ]
Abstract
Some total languages , like Agda and Coq , allow the use of guarded corecursion to construct infinite values and proofs .
Guarded corecursion is a form of recursion in which arbitrary recursive calls are allowed , as long as they are guarded by a coinductive constructor .
Guardedness ensures that programs are productive , i.e. that every finite prefix of an infinite value can be computed in finite time .
However , many productive programs are not guarded , and it can be nontrivial to put them in guarded form .
This paper gives a method for turning a productive program into a guarded program .
The method amounts to defining a problem - specific language as a data type , writing the program in the problem - specific language , and writing a guarded interpreter for this language .
Erratum
In Section 7 three italicised occurrences of map ( in nats₂ , nats and nats₂′ ) should be replaced by the constructor map ( set in a sans - serif font ) .
Nils Anders Danielsson
Last updated Mon May 13 12:35:04 UTC 2013 .
The Pope has confirmed he will visit the UK later this year The Pope has urged Catholic bishops in England and Wales to fight the UK's Equality Bill with " missionary zeal " .
Pope Benedict XVI said the legislation " violates natural law " .
Supporters of the law see this as a wish to keep a ban on gay people in Church positions .
Gay rights campaigners condemned his comments , saying equality had to apply to everyone , and Labour MEP Stephen Hughes said he was appalled .
The Pope will this year make the first papal visit to the UK since 1982 .
' Unjust limitations '
He told the Catholic bishops of England and Wales gathered in Rome : " Your country is well - known for its firm commitment to equality of opportunity for all members of society .
" Yet , as you have rightly pointed out , the effect of some of the legislation designed to achieve this goal has been to impose unjust limitations on the freedom of religious communities to act in accordance with their beliefs .
We believe everyone should have a fair chance in life and not be discriminated against
Government Equalities Office spokesman
" In some respects it actually violates the natural law upon which the equality of all human beings is grounded and by which it is guaranteed . "
Jonathan Finney , from gay rights charity Stonewall , told BBC Radio 5 live : " People should not be denied access to services and employment purely because they are gay .
" We 've got to guard against sweeping exemptions seeming to protect one person 's freedom , which actually really impact on other people 's . "
He added : " What you can't start doing is saying that religious people have hard - won freedoms , we 'll now restrict those , we wo n't give them to gay people , we wo n't give them to women . "
' Ill - informed claim ' Mr Hughes , speaking in Rome , said : " As a Catholic , I am appalled by the attitude of the Pope .
Religious leaders should be trying to eradicate inequality , not perpetuate it . "
He said the pontiff should ensure existing EU legislation was applied in the Vatican , rather than attacking equality in the UK .
But head of the Catholic Church in England and Wales , Archbishop Vincent Nichols , said the Pope 's words would resonate with many people who felt " uneasy " about the consequences of recent legislation .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
He told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme religious belief and practice had been driven into " the sphere of the private only " , and the Pope wanted to express the " unjust limitations on the freedom of religious communities " .
Archbishop Nichols said : " He 's [ the Pope ] not getting engaged in party politics ... but he wants his reasoned voice - formed by the treasures of the Christian heritage which is deeply embedded in our culture - to be heard . "
Religious leaders have voiced concern that the Equality Bill could force churches to employ sexually active gay people and transsexuals when hiring staff other than priests or ministers .
The National Secular Society said it would mount a protest campaign made up of gay groups , victims of clerical abuse , feminists , family planning organisations and groups supporting abortion choice , among others .
President Terry Sanderson said : " The taxpayer in this country is going to be faced with a bill of some £ 20 m for the visit of the Pope - a visit in which he has already indicated he will attack equal rights and promote discrimination . "
What the Pope is doing is trying to encourage the bishops to keep their resolve in very fluctuating morals in cultures and societies today
Robert Mickens
Rome correspondent ,
The Tablet Human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell said the Pope 's comments were a " coded attack on the legal rights granted to women and gay people " .
" His ill - informed claim that our equality laws undermine religious freedom suggests that he supports the right of churches to discriminate in accordance with their religious ethos , " he said .
" He seems to be defending discrimination by religious institutions and demanding that they should be above the law . "
But Catholic MP
Ann Widdecombe said : " This is n't a debate about homosexuality , this is a debate about religious freedom . "
' Prejudiced employers '
She told BBC Radio 5 live : " If a faith teaches , as major faiths do , that something is wrong , then quite clearly you cannot have somebody who believes that it 's right actually occupying a very senior position .
" That we have accepted as natural justice for a very long time . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
The Catholic Church has no place in making legislation , and nor does any other self - appointed religious body Ian , London Robert Mickens , Rome correspondent at the Catholic newspaper The Tablet , said the Pope 's position was " nothing really new - this is part of the classic Catholic teaching on human sexuality " .
" What the Pope is doing is trying to encourage the bishops to keep their resolve in very fluctuating morals in cultures and societies today . "
Liberal Democrat MP
Evan Harris , who sits on the Joint Committee on Human Rights , said all Britons - including Catholics and gay people - were protected by UK equality laws .
" Religious people can be reassured that there is nothing in the Equality Bill which imposes gay priests on religions , but it does protect the general workforce from prejudiced employers , " he said .
A spokesman for the Government Equalities Office said : " The Pope acknowledges our country 's firm commitment to equality for all members of society .
" We believe everyone should have a fair chance in life and not be discriminated against .
The Equality Bill will make Britain a fairer and more equal place . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Inkscape Text Dialog
" This looks like the user - visible feature in 0.48 .
People will love it . "
– Bulia Byak , Inkscape Core Team Member
Inkscape is an open source vector graphics editor that natively uses the W3C standard Scalable Vector Graphics ( SVG ) file format .
This project will improve Inkscape 's usability by enhancing its text attributes tool to allow for precise adjustments to text kerning , line spacing , letter spacing and text rotation .
This added control will bring Inkscape closer in - line with proprietary alternatives .
We did it !
This work was released in Inkscape version .48 in August , 2010 .
Fundraising goal : $ 1300 – Raised to date : $ 1,415
More information about the Inkscape project can be found at the Inkscape home page .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Former Soviet world chess champion Vasily Smyslov died on Saturday of heart failure , Russian television reported .
Smyslov , who turned 89 on Wednesday , was taken to a Moscow hospital earlier in the week after complaining of heart problems .
He died on Saturday morning , NTV reported .
Smyslov was best remembered for his fierce battles against fellow Russian grandmaster Mikhail Botvinnik in the 1950s .
Their first title match ended in a draw in 1954 , allowing holder Botvinnik to retain the crown .
Smyslov finally beat Botvinnik in 1957 to become the seventh world champion , before losing in a re-match the following year .
Smyslov was best known as a positional expert and strong exponent of the endgame , but also contributed to opening theory .
His career in the top flight of world chess spanned some four decades .
Aged 63 , he was beaten by Garry Kasparov in 1984 in the Candidates Final match for the right to challenge Anatoly Karpov for the world title , which Kasparov went on to capture .
Russian media quoted Karpov as saying : “ What I remember most about him was his competitive spirit , but also his delicate sense of humor .
It was always very tough playing against him , despite him being more than twice my age . ”
An appeals court in Minneapolis , Minnesota has overturned a lower court ruling , finding that a group of seven " zombies " had been wrongfully detained during a 2006 … protest .
The decision allows the zombies to continue with their lawsuit against police who arrested them for disorderly conduct .
" An objectively reasonable person would not think probable cause exists under the Minnesota disorderly conduct statue to arrest a group of peaceful people for engaging in an artistic protest by playing music , broadcasting statements ( and ) dressing as zombies , " the appeals court ruled .
The zombies in question were part of a protest against " mindless " consumerism in Minneapolis 's public downtown shopping district .
( Consumers do n't have braaaaains !
Or they are zombies because of TV ads !
Or something !
Braaaains ! )
As is traditional when stories like these make the news , the cops kept it classy .
According to the ruling :
" The plaintiffs were met by numerous officers , including the officer in charge , Sergeant Edward Nelson . [ one of the plaintiffs ] testified that Nelson acted like " a drill sergeant with new recruits , " and said that he did n't " give a g** damn about anybody 's constitutional f*** ing rights . "
The plaintiffs were patted down and placed in a holding cell . "
Anyway , the court is right : the cops should n't have arrested the zombies for " disorderly conduct . "
If there 's one lesson Americans should have learned by now , it 's that we should n't wait for the authorities to save us .
Better to get in the habit of grabbing a shovel and doing the zombie beheading yourself , American consumerists .
It 's only a matter of time .
Via Slashdot .
Though the PC Beta was recently announced to be released today to all those who have pre-ordered Battlefield : Bad Company 2 at participating retailers , EA DICE made a surprise - release of the multiplayer demo for the Xbox 360 today as well .
Apparently , the demo was supposed to be released on February 4th , a full week away , but due to unspecified reasons , the demo was released earlier today .
EA DICE later confirmed the news via Twitter , by posting “ Surprise Reveal : Xbox 360 Battlefield Bad Company 2 MP Demo is live on Xbox Marketplace !
Go get it !!!!!!! ” .
The multiplayer beta has been available on the Playstation 3 since November 19th .
The Playstation 3 will also receive the multiplayer demo , though it is unclear whether it will be available on February 4th as initially planned , or if it will also receive an earlier release .
The full game will release on March 2nd in the United States , and March 5th in Europe .
Those who wish to add the Xbox 360 demo to their download queue can go here .
Max Goeldi's initial 16 - month sentence was reduced to four months on appeal One of two Swiss businessmen who sought shelter at the Swiss embassy in Libya amid a diplomatic row is being transferred to jail , an official says .
The man , Max Goeldi , was driven from the embassy in handcuffs .
He faces four months in jail on immigration offences .
The second man , Rachid Hamdani , who has been cleared , was to leave the country .
The case against the two is widely thought to be retaliation for the arrest of one of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi 's sons in Geneva .
Last week Libya stopped issuing visas to citizens from many European nations , prompting condemnation from the European Commission .
' Storm the embassy ' Goeldi faces a four - month prison sentence after being convicted of violating immigration rules .
His initial 16 - month sentence was reduced on appeal .
Libya set a deadline of midday on Monday for Goeldi 's handover , and authorities stepped up their presence outside the embassy as the deadline approached , the BBC's Rana Jawad reports from Tripoli .
Austrian Foreign Minister Michael Spindelegger was cited by Reuters news agency as saying the Libyan police had threatened to storm the embassy if the deadline was not met .
" Last night there were many intense phone calls , " he was quoted as saying at an EU meeting in Brussels .
" It was announced there was a deadline - either hand over the convicted Swiss citizens or the embassy would be stormed . "
He said EU ambassadors had gone to the embassy to show solidarity before " the situation was calmed and an escalation avoided " .
Pardon request Libya 's Deputy Secretary of Foreign Affairs , Khaled Kaim , said Goeldi was being taken to the Ain Zara jail near Tripoli , an " open prison " where he would be allowed visits .
Goeldi's lawyer told Swiss TV that his client would request a pardon .
Hannibal Gaddafi's arrest in 2008 sparked a diplomatic spat Mr Hamdani left the embassy hours earlier .
A lawyer said the businessman , who holds dual Swiss and Tunisian nationality , was heading by car to Tunisia .
Analysts suggest the charges against the two were brought in retaliation for the arrest of Mr Gaddafi 's son Hannibal and his wife , Aline Skaf , in Geneva in July 2008 .
They were accused of assaulting two servants while staying at a luxury hotel in the Swiss city , though the charges were later dropped .
Libya retaliated by cancelling oil supplies , withdrawing billions of dollars from Swiss banks , refusing visas to Swiss citizens and recalling some of its diplomats .
In the same month that the Gaddafis were arrested , Libyan authorities detained Mr Hamdani , who works for a construction company , and Goeldi , the manager of an engineering firm .
The two were later released on bail before being convicted in absentia while sheltering in the Swiss embassy in Tripoli in December .
Libya 's move to stop issuing visas came after Switzerland allegedly blacklisted 188 high - ranking Libyans , denying them entry permits .
It covers Switzerland but also 24 other nations in the Schengen zone , which includes European countries that have abolished mutual border controls .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Customer : “ You seem a bit slow .
Is this your first day ? ”
Me : “ Actually , it is .
I ’m sorry if I held you up . ”
Customer : “ No problem .
You ’ll get the hang of it .
I should know .
I have seven sons , and they all work at fast food places just like you . ”
Me : “ Oh , that ’s nice ! ”
Customer : “ No , it ’s not .
It ’s pathetic and disappointing ! ”
Did you find this story on our Burger Day roundup ?
Click here to read the next story !
Click here to head back to the roundup !
Population control aids environment
Ellen Goodman 's column " Global warming debate avoids population growth " ( Dec. 11 ) finally puts in print what should be obvious , but remains largely unspoken and unprinted .
Mandated emission limits and money alone cannot prevent the self - destructive long - range effects of unsustainable human population growth .
We live on a small planet with a limited ability to rebound from the impact of human activities multiplied by our numbers .
Population experts project about 2.5 billion more of us in just 40 years ( from nearly 7 billion now to 9.5 billion in 2050 ) .
They also know how we could slow that growth if we chose to do so .
Goodman suggests the silence on population reflects unfounded fears .
Population experts are not suggesting governments limit the freedom of families to decide their number of children .
Rather , they suggest governments expand the freedom of families to decide their number of children .
Wherever women 's freedom has been expanded by improved education , economic opportunities and access to family planning , families have freely decided to have numbers of children that would reduce population pressure on the planet .
EDWARD C. BROWN
Westfield
Sen .
Lieberman a gutless wonder
What a bunch of gutless wonders our U.S. senators and representatives are , especially Joe Lieberman .
They seem to be about to cave in to the health - care lobby by creating a plan that will compel individuals to buy insurance from private carriers , which would be a windfall for corporate interests , and a betrayal of the rest of us .
I would rather have no health - care bill passed than to see this golden goose presented to private insurance carriers , at our expense – making a bad situation worse .
While there are those who worry about socialism , I suggest a much greater threat is fascism , in which big business rules and government is made almost irrelevant .
Nations such as the Scandinavian countries flourish under socialism , but Nazi Germany was fascist and I am not aware of any nation that has flourished under fascism .
Each time we witness our elected representatives being bought out by big business - such as the insurance industry - we take another step toward fascism and away from democracy .
The scariest thing of all is that notwithstanding my active participation in the political process , for the first time in my almost 70 years , I feel helpless and irrelevant .
Time is running out .
Those of us who want meaningful reform must make it clear to our elected representatives that while corporations provide them with money to finance their campaigns , we are the ones who actually vote and we want the same access to health - care in the United States that is enjoyed in every other developed nation .
-- JIM PALERMO
-- Southampton
Tobacco control needs steady funds
Tobacco use is the leading preventable cause of death in the U.S. , killing more than 400,000 people and costing $ 96 billion in health care bills each year , yet local tobacco control programs continue to suffer under decreased funding .
The report “ A Broken Promise to Our Children : The 1998 State Tobacco Settlement 11 Years Later ” released last week states that this year states will collect $ 25.1 billion in revenue from the tobacco settlement and tobacco taxes but are spending just 2.3 percent of it on tobacco prevention and cessation programs .
Research shows that smoking rates decrease when tobacco programs are fully funded , people are less sick and more aware of the dangers of smoking .
In turn , health care costs are less and we as a community are more aware of the services available to smokers who wish to quit .
There are a lot of positive stories about people trying to quit smoking , but smokers still face immense challenges in their efforts to quit .
We cannot compete with the big tobacco companies that spend $ 20 for every $ 1 we have in funding , however we can do our best to keep the community informed of the health dangers still imposed on our society by big tobacco .
-- SARA MORIARTY
-- Tobacco Free Community Partnership
-- Springfield
Troop deployment raises new questions
I am shocked .
President Barack Obama makes a speech about the troop deployment to Afghanistan and mentions a 18 - month deadline to remove them .
OK .
The next day Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates say that was not what the president meant .
I 've been in supervision for 25 years and if anyone totally contradicted what I said , there would be hell to pay .
They are treating him like kid .
He meant what he said .
-- GENE O'BRIEN
-- Westfield
En el documento entregado hoy al presidente Felipe Calder�n por el titular de la Comisi�n Nacional de Derechos Humanos , Ra�l Plascencia , da cuenta de 33 quejas por tortura , el m�s alto en 10 a�os
Ciudad de M�xico | Viernes 05 de marzo de 2010
Jorge Ramos | El Universal
21:16
Bayesian networks are graphical structures for representing the probabilistic relationships among a large number of variables and doing probabilistic inference with those variables .
The 1990's saw the emergence of excellent algorithms for learning Bayesian networks from passive data .
I will discuss the constraint - based learning method using an intuitive approach that concentrates on causal learning .
Then I will discuss the Bayesian approach with some simple examples .
I will show how , using the Bayesian approach , we can even learning something about causal influences from passive data on two variables .
Finally , I will show some applications to finance and marketing .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
If you thought the mortgage - backed securities and other complex financial instruments that crashed the economy were risky , you ’ll love Wall Street ’s latest brainwave : a new financial market in which players can gamble on whether upcoming Hollywood movies will be blockbusters or bombs .
For years , Cantor Fitzgerald , a Wall Street investment firm , has been operating the “ Hollywood Stock Exchange , ” a fake - money game in which players trade “ stocks ” to bet on how films will do at the box office .
Now Cantor could soon get government permission to make a real - money version of the game — a market in which players can gamble on the success or failure of , say , Pirates of the Caribbean 4 .
Critics are worried that this new market could be vulnerable to insider trading and create bizarre incentives for moviemakers — and that it will also enlarge the risky family of financial products that helped trigger the economic crisis .
“ This is such a bad idea on so many levels , ” says Lynn Stout , a law professor at UCLA and an expert in derivatives , the category of financial instruments that includes Cantor ’s proposed box office futures .
“ What they want to do is basically open up a casino for people who want to make money for predicting the next blockbuster . ”
Here ’s how it would work .
Hollywood studios , actors , directors , investment banks , hedge funds , and anyone else would be able to buy and sell contracts based on the value of all ticket sales in the first four weeks of a movie ’s release .
According to Cantor Fitzgerald ’s plans , the contracts would each be worth one - millionth of a given movie ’s gross sales during that four - week period .
Let ’s say that you thought Avatar would pull in $ 500 million during its first four weeks .
So , you buy 100 futures contracts at $ 490 , figuring that when Avatar made $ 500 million you ’d be up $ 1,000 .
Unfortunately , as it turned out , Avatar “ only ” made some $ 430 million domestically in the first month after its release — meaning that you ’d lose a cool six grand .
One problem , skeptics say , is that Hollywood insiders could have a huge advantage in such a market .
People in the movie business often have far greater access to crucial information about a film ’s box office prospects than ordinary investors do — such as how big the marketing budget will be or how bad the performances are .
“ If the industry is selling , odds are that it is a bad idea to buy , ” says Dean Baker , the codirector of the Center for Economic and Policy Research .
Another problem , says Stout , the law professor , is that such a market creates “ all sorts of perverse incentives to manipulate the success of movies . ”
Let ’s say you were responsible for Gigli , and you realized during filming that it was shaping up to be one of the worst movies ever made .
Instead of writing off the $ 54 million you ’d shelled out to make the film , you could simply buy up a stack of futures contracts priced on the assumption that the movie would tank .
Then , to nudge that failure along , you could slash the marketing budget , or decide to add 30 more dreadful minutes to the final cut .
Played correctly , a studio could inflict a movie like Gigli on the world and still turn a profit .
If box office futures trading happens , being a Hollywood insider would take on a whole new meaning .
Proponents of the concept argue that the plan would simply allow moviemakers to offset their risks .
Media Derivatives , Inc. , another company that has applied for government approval for a box office futures market , said in a submission to regulators that it wants to enable “ risk transfer … from the producers , studios , theaters , and financiers / film funds to a community of speculators willing to assume these risks in return for being paid risk premiums . ”
Stout says there could be a legitimate case for a futures market limited to players with an economic stake in a movie ’s success .
But Cantor has no plans to restrict trading to those with skin in the game .
If it gets the green light from the government , the firm plans to hold “ boot camps ” across the country to familiarize people with box office futures trading .
And it ’s already recruiting players of its Hollywood Stock Exchange game to set up accounts to “ practice ” for the rollout of the real market .
One New York investment firm , SAGA Capital , has said it will launch a hedge fund focusing on box office futures if Cantor ’s plan gets the go - ahead .
In other words , Cantor hopes to flood its futures market with plenty of players whose participation would be purely speculative .
“ In layman ’s terms , we call that making a bet , ” Stout says .
If that sounds familiar , it should .
One of the catalysts for the financial crisis was the spread of risky derivatives like credit default swaps , which allowed investors to bet on whether subprime mortgages would default .
Because those investors had no stake in the underlying product — in this case , the original mortgage — they took far greater risks .
In that context , Cantor ’s plan could be “ incredibly dangerous , ” Stout says .
“ Until we fix this legal problem that you can make purely speculative derivative bets , we have to worry that any newly created form of derivative can add risk to the system . ”
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) is responsible for approving Cantor ’s proposal , but refused to comment on the application .
A Cantor spokeswoman refused to discuss the firm ’s plans , saying only that the idea was pending approval .
But if the plan succeeds , the amount of money in play could be significant .
The movie business brought in around $ 10.6 billion in domestic box office revenues last year .
Because anyone could participate in the Cantor Exchange — not just people who own rights to the box office takings — a futures market could be much bigger .
Tyson Slocum , a futures expert with Public Citizen who advises the CFTC , says Cantor ’s plan suggests Wall Street has n’t learned its lesson from the crash .
Investment firms shoud n’t be able to launch new “ casinos , ” he says .
The movie business is already an industry based on smoke and mirrors .
If Cantor has its way , the fortunes of other financial players could be tied to Hollywood ’s whims .
And there ’s no guarantee of a happy ending .
Ever since the release of Firefox 3 we ’ve been doing a lot of work to add new capabilities for web developers .
We thought it would be worth it to make a post that actually listed all of the features that we knew about and people might not know about .
This contains everything that we ’ve done over the last three releases or so , but calls out stuff that ’s new in 3.6 .
Enjoy !
CSS
XMLHttpRequest
Offline
Offline and online events
Get notified when the browser goes online or offline localStorage
Store persistent data HTML5 Application Cache
Build an application for offline use in Firefox
Content
Interaction
JavaScript and API
Israel says no proof it carried out Hamas Dubai killing
Mr Lieberman said Israel never confirmed intelligence matters Israel 's Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman has said there is no proof the Mossad spy agency carried out the killing of a Hamas commander in Dubai .
But he did not fully deny that Israel carried out the killing , citing its " policy of ambiguity " on such matters .
Dubai believes 11 " agents with European passports " killed Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
Seven foreign - born Israelis named as suspects say their identities were stolen and they were not involved .
UK passports used were said to be fake .
France , Germany and the Irish Republic also said they believed the passports from their countries used by the alleged killers were false .
Britain has summoned the Israeli ambassador to the Foreign Office on Thursday , to discuss the use of fraudulent British passports by the alleged assassins .
' Israel never confirms '
Hamas has accused Israeli agents of murdering their operative - a view shared by many commentators because Mossad has in the past used forged foreign passports in its operations .
ANALYSIS Jonathan Marcus , BBC diplomatic correspondent
The operation was clinical .
The hit - team successfully escaped Dubai .
But they left telltale traces .
The false foreign passports used by the alleged team of secret agents have been identified and six of them are British .
That is diplomatic problem number one .
Problem number two is identity theft .
The passports used the names of real people , British citizens , with dual nationality , who happen to live in Israel , who had absolutely no knowledge of what was going on .
Nobody yet of course has any proof - positive as to who carried out the operation .
There may be no " smoking gun " .
Nonetheless what you might call the " smouldering passports " suggest that Israel has some questions to answer .
If Israel was indeed behind this assassination then some , even in Israel , may well suggest that they have scored a costly own goal .
Is Dubai hit an Israeli own goal ?
But in Israel 's first official comments on the affair , Mr Lieberman said there was no reason to blame Israel and Mossad .
" I do n't know why we are assuming that Israel , or the Mossad , used those passports , " he told Army Radio .
" There is no reason to think that it was the Israeli Mossad , and not some other intelligence service or country up to some mischief . "
He did not outright deny Israeli involvement .
" Israel never responds , never confirms and never denies , " he said .
" There is no reason for Israel to change this policy . "
A former officer with the Israeli spy agency , Mossad , said the killing " looks like an Israeli operation " .
But Gad Shimron added : " I believe it will never be officially confirmed by any Israeli government . "
Mr Mabhouh was murdered in his hotel room in Dubai on 20 January .
Reports have suggested he was in Dubai to buy weapons for the Palestinian Islamist movement , Hamas .
Two Palestinian suspects were being questioned about the murder .
Police said they had " fled to Jordan " after the killing , without releasing their names .
Wigs and false beards Officials in Dubai , who have issued arrest warrants , said the team appeared to be a professional hit squad , probably sponsored by a foreign power .
I am just scared , these are major forces
Stephen Hodes
Victim of identity theft
Pictures of ' 11 Europeans ' Israel 's ' covert killing ' history UK PM demands ID inquiry
They released CCTV footage which they said showed some of the suspects in disguises , including wigs and false beards , in the hotel near Dubai 's international airport .
The suspects allegedly trailed Mr Mabhouh when he arrived in Dubai from Syria , paid for everything in cash and used various mobile phones .
Some of the British - born Israelis whose names were on the passports used by the suspects have said they are shocked by the discovery .
" I do n't know how they got my details , who took them , " said Stephen Daniel Hodes , 37 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I have n't left the country , I think , for two years and I 've never been to Dubai ever .
" I do n't know who 's behind this .
I am just scared , these are major forces , " he said .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has called for a " full investigation " into what happened .
Hamas killing Police in Dubai have released images of 27 people they believe are behind the killing of a senior Hamas commander .
The suspects are accused of using fake passports bearing their own pictures , but the names of innocent citizens .
Twelve of the passports used were British ( shown on previous slide ) .
The other 15 on the list are reported to have used stolen identities from Australian , French , Irish and German citizens .
The 27th suspect used the alias Joshua Aaron Krycer - a stolen Australian identity ( pictured left ) .
Police say the suspects used their fake documents to travel to Dubai in groups , flying from Zurich , Rome , Paris and Frankfurt .
One of the victims of the identity theft was British - Israeli Paul John Keeley ( pictured right ) .
The passport used by one of the suspected assassins bore his name , but featured a photograph of another man ( pictured left ) .
Palestinian militant Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was killed in his hotel room in Dubai on 20 January .
Police claim one of the suspects , pictured on the left , went to a hotel to put on a disguise .
He is seen leaving a toilet wearing a wig .
Surveillance cameras also recorded Mr Mabhouh , circled in red above , at the hotel 's reception before his death .
At the bottom of the image the head of one of the suspects can be seen .
As Mr Mabhouh leaves , the suspect follows .
Mr Mabhouh is trailed into the lift by a number of the suspects , including two pictured here in tennis gear .
Investigators believe he had been followed from Syria to Dubai where it is thought he wanted to buy weapons for Hamas .
When Mr Mabhouh leaves the lift , police say two of the suspects can be seen following him down the corridor .
He was later found dead in his room .
A post -mortem report said he had been electrocuted and suffocated .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Somalia defines the term failed state .
This GlobalPost series includes accounts of being on guard duty with African Union peacekeepers , an investigation into the Al Shabaab rebels , a look at Somalia 's revered poetry and an analysis of when Somalia will improve .
MOGADISHU , Somalia — Somalia President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed planned festive celebrations to mark his first year in office and progress made toward establishing peace and stability in the war - racked country .
But Al Shabaab — the Islamic rebels allied with Al Qaeda — had other ideas .
Mogadishu was hit by the worst fighting in months on Jan. 29 as the insurgents marked the anniversary of the Somali president ’s first year in power with a series of violent attacks that elicited an equally deadly response .
Al Shabaab , the Islamic extremists allied with Al Qaeda , attacked government positions protected by African Union peacekeepers ( AMISOM ) in a concerted salvo against a weak and largely ineffectual administration .
Somalia has been without a functioning government since 1991 when the last one , a military dictatorship , collapsed after a three - year civil war .
Since then the country has been without a functioning government .
Mogadishu was where the infamous Black Hawk Down incident occurred in 1993 , in which 18 U.S. soldiers died .
In recent years Somalia 's lawless state has allowed piracy to flourish along the Indian Ocean coast .
Somali pirates have hijacked scores of ships for millions of dollars in ransom .
Early last year a new United Nations - backed government was sworn in and with it came hopes that Somalia may take a few faltering steps toward peace .
Instead a fresh insurgency began in May and the government has been under siege ever since .
From 2 a.m. onward the regular thump of mortars and bursts of machine gun fire shattered the night .
Later came the ear - rending bangs of tank fire as African Union peacekeepers pushed back Al Shabaab fighters who were attacking government positions and peacekeeping detachments across the city .
There was a lull in the gunfire and shelling mid-morning when GlobalPost crossed town to watch President Sheikh Sharif Ahmed ’s anniversary celebrations at Villa Somalia , his fortified presidential palace on a hilltop overlooking Mogadishu .
The program was to include choirs , poetry , comic theater and speeches .
Ahmed , 43 , sat in a huge leather and lacquered wood armchair flanked by his prime minister and the speaker of Parliament .
The whitewashed walls of the hall were hung with handmade banners congratulating the president on his first 12 months in office .
A crowd of hundreds of dignitaries , government officials and well - wishers were seated on plastic chairs facing the wooden stage .
These sorts of ceremonies are a rarity in Mogadishu , a city that has been destroyed by rounds of civil war that have lasted more than 20 years , so this was supposed to be a moment of celebration and a declaration of the government ’s intent to return the city to normality .
But President Ahmed ’s enemies had other plans .
Shortly before 11 a.m. a mortar exploded at a checkpoint at the entrance to Villa Somalia , the sprawling presidential compound .
Sitting waxwork still as he watched a wobbly homemade documentary celebrating the achievements of his first year Ahmed blinked , but otherwise did n’t acknowledge the blast .
The besieged president is used to gunfire .
Minutes later a second mortar crashed into a patch of open concrete , just yards from the hall .
Dust , smoke and the smell of cordite billowed through the latticework breeze - block walls .
A series of ear - shattering bangs followed and a gathering panic quickly spread through the hall , people looking around nervously .
What was going on ?
What they should do ?
Presidential aides rushed in waving their arms in a “ go away ” motion :
The fire was outgoing , not incoming .
AMISOM is tasked with defending the president and Villa Somalia from attack so they were firing back from tank positions at either side of the hall .
There were nervous smiles
and laughs .
The ceremony continued .
A mixed male and female choir took to the stage singing in the different dialects of Somalia ’s main clans , a symbolic display of unity in a country so often torn apart by inter-clan battles .
They struggled to be heard over the volleys of rockets firing outside .
Soldiers said the rockets were ‘ katyushas ’ targeting insurgent positions in Bakara Market a couple of miles away .
“ They have hit us so we are hitting them back , ” said one .
A Ugandan peacekeeper killed in the first mortar attack , and others with injuries , were rushed across town in an armored convoy to the AMISOM base for treatment .
Wounded civilians were dealt with on the spot .
A poet took to the stage as outside the hall casualties were ferried to a makeshift trauma room in the nextdoor building .
One man was helped as he walked by , his arm bleeding ; another was carried in a tarpaulin litter .
Heavy machine gun fire thudded away in the background .
Then as the performances came to an end and the people gathered inside stood for Somalia ’s national anthem a battered pickup truck arrived to collect the injured men .
One was carried out attached to a saline drip grimacing with pain , another walked holding a bloody bandaged hand aloft , a third clutched a dressing to his abdomen .
GlobalPost caught up with the president of Somalia , Sheikh Sharif Ahmed , late last year in Chicago :
The anthem wound up and the crowd in the hall applauded as Ahmed took to the stage to deliver a speech .
Outside , the pickup with its damaged human freight sped away .
Afterward a senior Ugandan officer said that two alleged collaborators had been arrested , accused of coordinating the shelling via mobile phone from within the presidential palace itself .
Later in the day reports came in that 19 people were killed and more than 30 people injured in the combat .
The deadly attacks targeting one of the handful of supposedly secure places in Mogadishu underlined again the vulnerability of the government and the fragility of life in a city that daily reasserts its reputation as one of the most dangerous places on earth .
Inside Somalia :
The series
Peacekeeping : on the ground with African Union forces
Al Shabaab : a glimpse into the Islamic extremist group
A nation of poets : poetry is a political tool as powerful as the gun
Opinion : When will Somalia improve ?
Recently by Ron Paul : Are US Taxpayers Bailing OutGreece ?
Before the US House of Representatives , February 25 , 2010
Madame Speaker , I would like to enter into the record the following letter from Professor Robert D. Auerbach , a professor at the LBJ School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas .
This letter provides additional information regarding remarks I made at yesterday ’s Financial Services Committee Humphrey - Hawkins hearing , remarks which Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke categorized as " bizarre . "
Thank you Congressman Ron Paul for bringing these important facts to the public ’s attention .
I thank Congressman Ron Paul for bringing to the public ’s attention the Federal Reserve coverup of the source of the Watergate burglars ’ source of funding and the defective audit by the Federal Reserve of the bank that transferred $ 5.5 billion from the U.S. government to Saddam Hussein in the 1980s .
Congressman Paul directed these comments to Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke at the House Financial Services Hearing February 24 , 2010 .
I question Chairman Bernanke ’s dismissive response .
BERNANKE : " Well , Congressman , these specific allegations you ’ve made I think are absolutely bizarre , and I have absolutely no knowledge of anything remotely like what you just described . "
The evidence Congressman Ron Paul mentioned is well documented in my recent book , Deception and Abuse at the Fed ( University of Texas Press : 2008 ) .
The head of the Federal Reserve bureaucracy should become familiar with its dismal practices .
Deception and Abuse at ... Robert D. Auerbach Best Price : $ 4.09 Buy New $ 20.95 ( as of 10:30 EST - Details )
First , consider the Fed ’s coverup of the source of the $ 6300 in hundred dollar bills found on the Watergate burglars when they were arrested at approximately 2:30 A.M. on June 17 , 1972 after they had broken into the Watergate offices of the Democratic Party .
Five days after the break - in , June 22 , 2003 , at a board of directors ’ meeting of officials at the Philadelphia Fed Bank , it was recorded in the minutes [ shown on page 23 of my book ] that false or misleading information had been provided to a reporter from the Washington Post about the $ 6,300 .
Bob Woodward told me he thought he was the Washington Post reporter who had made the phone inquiry .
The reporter “ had called to verify a rumor that these bills were stolen from this Bank ” according to the Philadelphia Fed minutes .
The Philadelphia Fed Bank had informed the Board on June 20 that the notes were “ shipped from the Reserve Bank to Girard Trust Company in Philadelphia on April 3 , 1972 . ”
The Washington Post was incorrectly informed of “ thefts but told they involved old bills that were ready for destruction . ”
The Federal Reserve under the chairmanship of Author Burns not only kept the Fed from getting entangled in the Watergate coverup , which the Fed ’s actions had assisted , it allowed false statements about bills the Fed knew were issued by the Philadelphia Fed Bank to stand uncorrected .
Blocking information from the Senate and House Banking Committees [ letters shown in my book , Chapter 2 ] and issuing false information during a perilous government crisis imposed huge costs on the public that had insufficient information to hold the Fed officials accountable for what they had withheld from the Congress .
Had the deception been discovered the Fed chairmen following Burns may have been forced to rapidly implement some real transparency to restore the Fed ’s credibility .
That would have reduced or eliminated many of the lies , deceptions , and corrupt practices that are described in my book .
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
The second subject brought up by Congressman Ron Paul is the exposure of faulty examinations of the Federal Reserve of a foreign bank in Atlanta , Georgia through which $ 5.5 billion was sent to Saddam Hussein that a Federal Judge found to be part of United States active support for Iraq in the 1980s .
On November 9 , 1993 , several federal marshals brought a prisoner , Christopher Drogoul , into my office at the Rayburn House Office Building of the U.S. House of Representatives .
The marshals removed the manacles .
Drogoul took off his jump suit and changed into a shirt , tie , and business suit .
He immediately looked like the manager of the Atlanta agency with domestic headquarters in New York City of Banca Nazionale .
Drogoul had come to testify about " scheme prosecutors said he masterminded that funneled $ 5.5 billion in loans to Iraq ’s Hussein though BNL ’s Atlanta operation .
Some of the loans allegedly were used to build up Iraq ’s military and nuclear arsenals in the years preceding the first Gulf War . "
1
Drogoul ’s " u2018 off book ’ BNL - Atlanta funding to Iraq began in 1986 as financing for products under " Department of Agriculture programs .
2
The loans allegedly had been authorized by the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
Since Drogoul told the committee he was merely a tool in an ambitious scheme by the United States , Italy , Britain and Germany to secretly arm Iraq in their 1980 — 88 war , the testimony was politically contentious and unproven .
He was sentenced in November 1993 to 37 months in prison and he had already served 20 months awaiting his sentencing hearing .
U.S. District Judge Ernest Tidwell found that the United States had actively supported Iraq in the 1980s by providing it with government - guaranteed loans even though it was n’t creditworthy .
The judge said such policies " clearly facilitated criminal conduct . "
3
Gonzalez was drawn to Drogoul ’s answer about the Fed examiner who had visited his Atlanta operation .
Gonzalez said that :
The Revolution : A Mani ... Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.99 Buy New $ 6.99 ( as of 11:00 EST - Details )
" At the November 9 , 1993 Banking Committee hearing I asked Christopher Drogoul , the convicted official of the Banca Nazionale Del Lavoro agency branch in Atlanta , Georgia , how the Federal Reserve Bank examiners could miss billions of dollars of illegal loans , most of which ended up in the hands of Hussein .
Mr. Drogoul stated :
The task of the Fed [ bank examiner ] was simply to confirm that the State of Georgia audit revealed no major problems .
And thus , their audit of BNL usually consisted of a one or two - day review of the state of Georgia ’s preliminary results , followed by a cup of espresso in the manager ’s office . "
Gonzalez was appalled at the of lack of effective examination of a little storefront bank and also appalled by the gifts exchanged by officers of the New York Federal Reserve and the regulated banks in New York City where the main U.S. office of BNL was located .
A description of what followed is in my book .
The Fed voted in 1995 to destroy the source transcripts of its policy making committee that had been sent to National Archives and Records Administration .
Chairman Alan Greenspan had the committee vote on this destruction , telling the members : " I am not going to record these votes because we do not have to .
There is no legal requirement . " ( p. 104 in my book . )
Greenspan thus removed any fingerprints on this act of record destruction .
Donald Kohn , who is now Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors at the Federal Reserve , answered some questions I had sent to Chairman Greenspan about this destruction .
Kohn replied in a letter on November 1 , 2001 to me at the University of Texas that they had destroyed the source records for 1994 , 1995 and 1996 , they did not believe it to be illegal and there was no plan to end this practice .
That is one reason why the Federal Reserve audit supported by Congressman Ron Paul is needed .
The Fed must stop destroying its records .
Pillars of Prosperity : ... Ron Paul Best Price : $ 4.87 Buy New $ 7.63 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
Robert Auerbach is Professor of Public Affairs at the Lyndon Baines Johnson School of Public Affairs , The University of Texas at Austin .
He was an economist with the House of Representatives Financial Services Committee during the tenure of four Federal Reserve Chairmen : Arthur Burns , William Miller , Paul Volcker , and Alan Greenspan .
Auerbach also served as an economist in the U.S. Treasury ’s Office of Domestic Monetary Affairs during the first year of the Ronald Reagan administration and as a financial economist with the U.S. Federal Reserve System .
Auerbach has been a professor of economics at the American University in Washington , D.C. ( 1976 — 83 ) , and a professor of economics and finance at the University of California - Riverside ( 1983— 93 ) .
He has written numerous articles , and two textbooks in banking and financial markets .
He received two Masters degrees in economics , one from the University of Chicago and one from Roosevelt University , where he studied under Abba Lerner , and a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Chicago , where he studied under Milton Friedman .
Notes
Marcy Gordon , " Banker Imprisoned in BNL Case Tells Story to House Committee , " The Associated Press , November 9 , 1993 .
U.S. Newswire : " Former Executive of Atlanta Agency of Italian - Owned Bank Pleads Guilty to Conspiracy , " from U.S. Department of Justice , Public Affairs , June 2 , 1992 .
Peter Mantius , " Drogoul given 37 months Judge in BNL case also blasts actions of U.S. prosecutors , " The Atlanta Journal and Constitution , December 10 , 1993 , Section A , p. 12 .
See the Ron Paul File
February 27 , 2010
The Best of Ron Paul
A newly discovered mechanism of antibiotic resistance helps explain how bacteria have so quickly undermined medicine 's front - line defenses , turning miracle drugs into duds in just a few decades .
Scientists have long known that exposing bacteria to the right antibiotics will kill most of them , but leave a few mutants that happen to resist the drug better than the rest .
These mutants go on to multiply , and eventually the whole strain evolves resistance .
Now a new study paints a more complicated picture of antibiotic resistance .
Bacteria do n't just develop resistance to one drug at a time , but to many – and at accelerated rates .
That 's because antibiotics boost bacterial production of free - radical oxygen molecules that damage bacterial DNA .
Repairs to the DNA cause widespread mutations , giving bacteria more chances to randomly acquire drug - resistant traits .
" You have a wide range of mutations being introduced across the genome .
Some afford resistance to that antibiotic .
Some afford resistance to other antibiotics , " said James Collins , a Boston University biomedical engineer who described the mechanism in a paper published Feb. 11 in Molecular Cell .
" It would happen anyways , but this process is accelerating it . "
Drug resistance is a serious public health concern .
According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 70 percent of 1.7 million infections acquired in hospitals every year are resistant to at least one drug .
Those infections annually kill 99,000 Americans – more than double the number that die in car crashes .
Drugs that once destroyed almost any bacteria now kill only a few , or do n't work at all .
In the case of some drugs , like Cipro , the decline is dramatic :
Where in 1999 it worked against 95 percent of E. coli , it treated only 60 percent by 2006 .
Against lung infection - causing Acinobacter , its effectiveness fell by 70 percent in just four years .
Though drug resistance is ultimately inevitable , conventional wisdom holds that antibiotics consumed at suboptimum doses hasten the process .
Bugs that would have succumbed to a larger dose live to multiply , pushing the strain as a whole closer to resistance .
That happens when a prescription goes unfinished , or when antibiotics used on farms enter food and water at low levels .
The conventional wisdom is n’t wrong , but the new findings suggest that drugs push bacteria towards resistance even more rapidly , and in more ways , than was thought .
" It 's a really important paper .
It underscores that we do n't fully know how antibiotic resistance is engendered , " said Harvard University molecular biologist Deborah Hung .
" If you treat with low concentrations of antibiotic , the bugs respond by increasing their mutation rates . "
In earlier research , Collins ' team showed that antibiotics do n't only kill bacteria as expected – by corroding cell walls , messing with DNA and blocking proteins – but by triggering the release of free - radical oxygen molecules .
Thanks to an extra electron , the free radicals bind easily and corrosively with other molecules , and prove as lethal as the drugs themselves .
For the latest study , the researchers tested whether free radicals might also affect drug resistance by using sublethal doses of five common antibiotics on Staphylococcus aureus , the annual cause of 500,000 infections in the United States , and two strains of E. coli , including one taken from a patient .
The free radicals caused DNA damage that did n't kill all the bacteria .
The bacteria 's self - repair processes then introduced mutations to genes that provided resistance to many drugs , not just those being administered .
Drugs might be found that could alter bacterial DNA repair systems , but that prospect is extremely speculative , said Collins .
Hung said more research is needed to show how different bacteria respond .
Mutation rates might vary between strains .
It 's also possible that free - radical damage also accelerates horizontal gene transfer , in which bacteria swap genes without reproducing .
If so , resistance could develop faster and spread more rapidly .
" The clinical significance is not clear yet , but it certainly should make us pause and think about the way we use antibiotics , " said Hung .
In recent years , public health experts have recommended that doctors use antibiotics only when necessary , and that patients complete every prescription .
They 've also called for dramatic cuts in the agricultural use of antibiotics .
Of the 35 million pounds of antibiotics consumed annually in the United States , 80 percent goes to farm animals .
Much of it is used to treat diseases spread by industrial husbandry practices , or simply to accelerate growth .
As a result , farms have become giant petri dishes for superbugs , especially multidrug - resistant Staphylococcus aureus , or MRSA , which kills 20,000 Americans every year – more than AIDS .
Alarming cases of farm - based MRSA and other diseases led to a proposed Congressional law restricting the use of agricultural antibiotics .
That bill , supported by the American Medical Association and American Public Health Association , is opposed by farm lobbyists and remains stuck in committee .
" We need to look carefully at situations where antibiotics are used in agriculture and water supplies , " said Collins .
" The benefits may not outweigh the potential harm we 're doing by creating stronger , more problematic microbes . "
Image : Samantha Celera / Flickr
See Also :
Citation : " Sublethal Antibiotic Treatment Leads to Multidrug Resistance via Radical - Induced Mutagenesis . "
By Michael A. Kohanski , Mark A. DePristo , and James J. Collins .
Molecular Cell , Vol. 37 No. 3 , February 11 , 2009 .
" The Fast Track to Multidrug Resistance . "
By Benjamin B. Kaufmann and Deborah T. Hung .
Molecular Cell , Vol. 37 No. 3 , February 11 , 2009 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
So Rocket e-mailed a little while ago to point out a great Olympic hockey recap at Puck Daddy , complete with Ovechkin CREAMING Jagr video .
Sweet , we thought .
We had n't seen the video yet .
Let 's have a look - see ... ah , well the video has been removed from YouTube .
The dreaded pink message at the top : " This video contains content from International Olympic Committee , who has blocked it on copyright grounds . "
Undeterred , we tried several other YouTube uploads claiming to have the same play .
Those , too , had been removed .
Fine .
So we went to the NBCOlympics video page .
They own the material .
We suppose they should have the only access to it .
Fair enough .
Hey , there 's the exact thing we want ... click ... oh wait , in order to watch a SIMPLE VIDEO we have to download Microsoft Silverlight .
We 're one simply step away , we 're told , which is one more than we wanted .
At this point , we 're really questioning whether the video matters that much to us .
See , that 's how it works in " Internet time . "
But we decide it must be worth it .
Everyone is talking about it .
So we attempt the download .
We get some sort of message about needing to use a certain version of Internet Explorer ( which we do n't use because it 's vastly inferior to Firefox ) .
We get a message that says we need to restart our browser .
Maybe we did something wrong , but we 're pretty sure we were in the clear .
Regardless , we 're done .
We just wanted to watch a video .
This is not how it works .
We might never know how terrific that hit was .
Thanks to everyone involved for making sure the buzz has been effectively killed .
Please tell us how excellent it was if you happened to see it .
Last September , at the ‘ Global Economic Forum ’ held in Farmleigh , former Intel chief executive and chairman Craig Barrett created something of a stir when he suggested that Ireland was under - performing in both education and research and development , and that these failings needed to be corrected if the country was to pull itself out of recession .
I was n’t at the Forum ( hey , I was n’t invited ) , but I gather from some who were there that Barrett electrified the proceedings and set the tone for a significant debate .
Yesterday evening I was able , along with a few hundred others , to hear him develop his theme a little more at a public lecture organised by the Royal Irish Academy .
It was a fascinating talk given by someone with an external perspective but with significant inside knowledge of Ireland .
In his lecture , he set out what he described as some ‘ observations ’ on current global conditions , followed by a list of things that Ireland needs to get right , and finally by a list of proposals or recommendations for the country .
His observations were as follows :
• Levels of income in any country are closely connected with the educational attainments of the population .
• Levels of productivity – which are vital for future growth – are closely linked to the successful harnessing of new technology .
• It is possible to identify the significant technologies of the future : nanotechnology , nano - and micro-electronics , photonics , biotechnology , new materials and alternative energy .
• Future economic growth will depend critically on entrepreneurship and successful start - ups .
From this he developed his list of national needs :
• A national education system that compares well with the best in the world and is based on excellence .
He pointed out that Ireland ’s education system has inadequate public investment and performs poorly in vital subjects such as mathematics and science .
• A system of higher education and research that promotes and values basic research , that encourages spin-outs from that research , and that allows universities to be ‘ wealth creation centres ’ .
Currently , he believes , Ireland ’s universities lack proper expertise in relation to these goals , and their global standing is not as good as it could be .
• The right environment , particularly as regards taxation , IT infrastructure , and a culture that values risk - taking .
Then he presented 10 recommendations for Ireland :
(1) Our goal should be that Ireland ’s education system becomes number 1 globally in all subjects , taking account in particular of our current failings in mathematics and science .
(2) We need to have excellent teachers who are truly experts in the subjects they teach .
The teaching profession should be rewarded on the basis of performance , not seniority .
(3) Our education system should emphasise 21st century skills such as problem solving and interdisciplinarity , and should rely less on rote learning .
(4) More students need to study mathematics and science at third level , and we should reform the CAO points system in order to ‘ bias the system towards the results we need ’ .
(5) Ireland ’s universities need to focus more on delivering start - ups , following the example of Stanford or MIT .
(6) Ireland needs to implement the Lisbon target of investing 3 per cent of GDP in research and development ; right now we are only managing about half of that .
(7) We need to ‘ grow the economy from within’ , as foreign direct investment is unlikely to go back to previous levels .
Future growth must come from indigenous start - ups and from entrepreneurship , and we need to have a framework that encourages and facilitates this .
(8) Ireland needs to focus – we cannot do everything , so we need to prioritise those areas in which we can add value and lead .
(9) We need to achieve a dramatic improvement in our IT infrastructure .
( 10 ) Ireland needs to want to compete with the world and to base its economic and business systems on that ambition .
This , it seems to me , represents a good basis for a new national strategy .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
This entry was posted on February 9 , 2010 at 1:28 am and is filed under economy , education , higher education , university .
You can subscribe via RSS 2.0 feed to this post 's comments .
Tags : Craig Barrett , economic recovery , research and development
You can comment below , or link to this permanent URL from your own site .
I read everything Aristotle Pagaltzis writes carefully .
I often agree .
You should too .
Aristotle responded to my practical / philosophical tirade against manual type checks in Perl 5 APIs with a comment that bears consideration :
Many objects are blessed hashes .
However , most of the time , that is an implementation detail rather than an advertised part of the API ... the question you should ask is not " can I treat this like a hash ? " but " am I supposed to treat this like a hash ? " .
He 's right .
That 's a potential design flaw in my suggestion to attempt to treat what should be a hash reference as a hash reference .
Of course , the opposite design flaw is to disallow perfectly valid values that should work just fine if you treat them as hash references .
You get to pick which theoretical axe to grind there .
( Aristotle also recommends the use of UNIVERSAL : : ref to allow objects and classes to provide their own ref ( ) methods to return appropriate values .
That 's a good solution if you 're working with code that uses the ref ( ) technique to check for type appropriateness .
If you 're working with library code which uses a mishmash of all of the various techniques which catch some cases but not others ... that 's where the simplicity of eval { ... } shines for me .
Do consider UNIVERSAL :: ref , however .
Along the same lines , Burak Gursoy noted that Scalar : : Util : : Reftype has a better API than reftype ( ) from Scalar : : Util . )
Your theoretical bias determines the way you write your APIs , even if you do n't realize you have a theoretical bias .
If you take my approach , you give the programmer the responsibility of not passing in objects which should n't be dereferenced as hashes .
If you pass in a blessed hash reference , my code assumes you intended it to work like a hash reference .
Yes , you could pass in an object accidentally , but I prefer to allow people to do clever things ( like passing in an overloaded object ) when necessary , rather than forbidding them .
If you take the other approach , you give the programmer more safety against accidentally passing in the wrong thing unintentially while removing some possibility for cleverness that may be necessary in some cases .
Please note : I 'm not saying that this is what Aristotle himself prefers ; I merely used his comment to illustrate this possibility .
My approach is not always right in every circumstance .
I do n't always use it in every circumstance .
Yet I use it as a design principle : I do n't want to forbid intelligent people from doing clever things I did n't intend because I did n't imagine a concrete use for them when I designed the API .
Quite the opposite !
I want people to use APIs I write to do things I could n't imagine .
That , to me , is a sign of success .
Some people will abuse them .
Some people will misuse them .
Good documentation and great examples help .
( Modern Perl schadenfreude means shaking your head in disbelief when you see the dreadful my $ io = new IO :: Socket : : INET -> new ( ... ) idiom repeated in 2009 . )
Yet my experience writing copious tests for and maintaning plenty of Perl 5 code suggests that treating types checks as " What can you do ? " not " How do you do it ? " or " What are you ? " improves genericity , improves reusability , and expands the possibilities for happy serendipities .
I can't prevent inexperienced or bad or malicious coders from doing bad things with my APIs , but I can allow disciplined and smart and well - cultured programmers to do great things with them by not getting in their way .
Free Property Records
Search for free Property Records , including property tax assessments , deeds & title records , property ownership , building permits , zoning , land records , GIS maps , and more .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Sony Corp has pulled the plug in Japan on sales of a next - generation flat TV due to sluggish demand , a setback for a product the company had trumpeted as a sign of its revival as an innovator .
Sony said it had stopped production of ultra - thin TVs using organic light - emitting diode ( OLED ) technology for Japan , just a little over 2 years since it launched its first set .
It plans to keep selling the TVs in overseas markets , a spokesman said .
OLED displays use organic , or carbon - containing compounds that emit light when electricity is applied .
They produce crisp images and do not need backlighting , making them slimmer and more energy - efficient than LCDs , the most popular type of flat TV .
Sony has aimed to become a leader in the technology and positioned the product as crucial in its drive to regain its reputation as an innovator after losing out to Apple Inc in portable music and Nintendo in video games .
“ I want this world ’s first OLED TV to be the symbol of the revival of Sony ’s technological prowess .
I want this to be the flag under which we charge forwards to turn the fortunes around , ” then president Ryoji Chubachi told a briefing in October 2007 .
It is still technologically difficult to make large OLED panels and to produce them cheaply , limiting their potential as a mass - market product .
Sony ’s only model is an 11 - inch set sold for 200,000 yen ( $ 2,222 ) in Japan , considerably smaller and more expensive than other flat TVs .
“ As flat panel TVs are getting bigger and cheaper , hurdles for OLED models have become higher , at least in the short term , ” said Hisakazu Torii , vice president of Japanese TV market research at DisplaySearch .
Torii said the next big trend in the market will be 3D TVs and LCD TVs using light emitting diode backlights , and that mass adoption of TVs with OLED panels is some time off .
Sony said it would end sales of OLED TV in Japan when inventory runs out .
It plans to continue putting money into research and development and production for North America , Europe and other overseas markets .
“ We will continue to consider new products and applications including OLED TVs , ” Sony spokesman Shigenori Yoshida said .
SLOW SHIFT
Sony was criticised for being slow in the industry ’s shift to flat panel displays from bulky cathode - ray tube sets a decade ago , and has been struggling to keep up with rivals in the race to develop ever bigger and cheaper flat TVs .
Competition will likely be just as tough in OLED TVs , analysts said .
OLED displays are used widely in mobile gadgets such as cell phone screens , and the top makers of those panels , which include South Korea ’s Samsung Mobile Display , will likely have some advantage in applying the technology to TVs .
“ South Korean makers are aggressively working on small - and mid-sized OLED displays , ” said Kazuharu Miura , analyst at Daiwa Securities Capital Markets .
Sony did not disclose how many OLED TV sets it has sold .
DisplaySearch said it estimates worldwide shipments of about 2,000 Sony OLED TVs in 2009 .
Shares of Sony closed down 0.2 percent at 3,030 yen , underperforming a 0.2 percent rise in the benchmark Nikkei average .
The heavy sharemarket falls in the past 24 hours have pushed the markets back down to levels last seen in September last year .
But since September , the earnings outlook for companies around the world has generally improved : this market correction is , in other words , one driven largely by a deterioration in sentiment , not a change in fundamentals .
The sovereign debt concerns that triggered it were predictable from the moment the world ’s governments opened their cheque books and began writing blank cheques to save the global financial system .
The big question , not answerable at this time , is whether the renewed fears about debt - debt on government balance sheets this time , rather than debt held by private sector banks and the companies they lend to - are justified .
The markets have always expected the climb out of the global financial crisis to be gradual , and for company earnings to follow the recovery , rather than lead it .
Have you discovered cracks in the house foundation ?
You need to take steps to fix any kind of foundation problem now in order to avoid major structural damage to your home .
There could be a number of causes of foundation issues and it is important for you to begin the foundation repair process as soon as you discover a problem .
Depending on the type and extent of the problem , you could go the DIY route or hire the services of an expert specializing in foundation repair problems .
Almost all the foundations issues can be fixed if addressed early .
If you keep waiting , a small issue could turn into a major problem and then , you might have to spend tens of thousands of dollars to fix the foundation .
Here is what you need to do in order to understand what foundation repairs are needed .
Before you can fix a problem , you need to determine its cause .
If you do not have any idea about foundation problems or you have read a lot online but are still unable to locate the problem , get in touch with an expert with experience in foundation repair to figure out the real cause of foundation damage .
These experts have worked with hundreds of foundations and can locate the real problems .
You will have to pay for their services but their expertise can help you save thousands of dollars in the long run .
If you have looked around the foundation and there is a visible crack from the outside , begin by digging a hole there to uncover the crack .
Keep digging till you have cleared enough soil to reach below the damaged area .
If your house has a basement , call a contractor to excavate the area with the help of a backhoe .
Do not try to do it manually as it will take you a long time to do it manually .
If you have some experience in operating construction machinery , there is always the option of renting the necessary equipment to do everything yourself .
However , do n’t do it on your own in case you do not have any experience in handling these machines as you might end up doing a lot more harm .
Fix the exterior part first before moving onto the interior part .
Once you have located the crack , start chiseling to remove all the loose concrete around the crack .
Make sure the crack is dust free and completely dry .
There are silicon - based concrete sealants available in the market .
These are expandable sealants which means once you fill them in the crack , these will expand and fill the crack .
Fill the crack with these sealants and give it some time to dry completely .
Replace the soil only when the sealant is completely dry .
This process should also be repeated on the inside .
Foundation problems could also be caused by other issues .
If the basement walls bow inwards , you will need to get in touch with a structural foundation contractor as it is a serious problem .
Before doing anything , the foundation needs to be stabilized or the house will move .
One of the simplest ways to fix the problem is to bring in some extra soil to create a slope .
It will make sure that the water moves away from the foundation and does not get into the soil near the foundation .
Overall , it is important for you to take steps to fix the foundation issues as soon as you notice a problem instead of waiting for the problem to bloom into a structural issue .
Call a foundation repair expert to find out the real cause of the problem and get it fixed right away .
Facebook is changing the design of its homepage
Facebook dominates the lives of mobile internet users in the UK , according to figures from a mobile industry body .
The social network accounts for nearly half of all the time people in the UK spend going online using their phones .
The data , from the GSM Association ( GSMA ) , showed that people in the UK spent around 2.2bn minutes browsing the social network during December alone .
The true number may be even higher as the data was only collected from three of the five UK networks .
The data , which will eventually be collected from all five networks , showed that 16 million people in the UK accessed the internet from their mobile phones in December 2009 .
Together , they viewed a total of 6.7 billion pages and spent more than 4.8 billion minutes ( 60 million hours ) online during the month .
MOBILE MINUTES SPENT ONLINE Facebook ; 2.2bn minutes Google sites ; 395 m minutes Microsoft sites ; 165 m minutes Orange sites ; 138 m minutes AOL ( and Bebo ) ; 106 m minutes Apple ; 104 m minutes Vodafone ; 89 m minutes BBC sites ; 83 m minutes Flirtomatic ; 54 m minutes Yahoo sites ; 48 m minutes Source : GSMA / Comscore
Facebook dominated the statistics , racking up the most unique visitors ( 5 million ) , the most number of pages viewed ( 2.6 million ) and the most time spent on the site .
Google sites were second in the list with around with 4.57 million unique users .
However , they spent on average less than one - fifth of the time on its sites , compared to Facebook .
Others sites that appeared in the top ten - which accounted for 70 % of usage - included Yahoo , eBay and Microsoft .
Facebook is currently the largest social network on the web , with around 350 million users .
The six - year - old site is rolling out a new homepage design which focuses more on chat and search .
The signs at the corner of Ninth Avenue and West 41st Street have an unbelievable , you - gotta - be - kidding quality , like free beer or affordable housing — 99 ¢ Fresh Pizza .
Like many things in New York City , they are also too good to be true .
They are off by a penny , as one slice actually costs one dollar .
Seven days a week , 24 hours a day , New Yorkers stand at the outdoor counter of 99 ¢
Fresh Pizza and pay as much for a plain slice as they did for a subway fare in 1986 .
At $ 1.50 , the fee to use the sidewalk A.T.M. nearby is more expensive .
This being a city with a 10.4 percent unemployment rate in January , this being a recession , there is no such thing as change that is spare .
Customers , taking the signs at their word , have been known to ask for a penny back after paying with a dollar bill .
“ I give them penny , ” explained Mohammad Hossain , a manager at the pizza shop .
No pennies change hands one block down Ninth Avenue , at West 40th Street , where the competition posted signs of their own : “ Pizza , $ 1.00 per slice , tax included . ”
Postal workers , teenagers and businessmen step into the 24 - hour 2 Bros.
Pizza , $ 5 bills in hand .
Allegiances have formed .
Trash has been talked .
A cabdriver said he preferred 99 ¢ Fresh over 2 Bros. , because it was easier to find street parking outside 99 ¢
Fresh .
A patron of 2 Bros. prefers their sauce over the sauce up the block .
[ review / impressions ] Bad Company 2 PC beta
I ’ve been laying back most of these last few weeks , partly due to the Battlefield Bad Company 2 beta for the PC in its prime stages .
This time around it seems I ’ve been more of a casual beta player , rather than submitting criticism to the specific EA or DICE locations .
Hopefully it is contribution enough to inflate the game ’s population by one .
Either way , the Bad Company 2 beta is fun .
It is some genuine PC FPS fun , which has n’t shown itself in many recent titles .
Because of that , Bad Company 2 looks very promising .
It is enlightening to hear that DICE has a dedicated team working strictly on the PC version .
While the beta has its flaws ( as is expected ) it seems that there are not many minute details that were left unnoticed .
I ’ve seen an exploit or two which depict the account of holding sprint + jump on a hill , and running up this 70 degree angle as it were a set of stairs .
Although it is unknown as to whether this is actually a glitch or not is beyond me , but it allows for some extra access into some ridiculously awesome areas .
Nothing bloated in power , really – just an extra hill or two where you can pick off some enemies .
Sometime during the beta , DICE had added the hardcore mode of Rush ( which I ’m not sure if there will be a hardcore type for each game mode , just rush , or not at all ) .
But it seems the success of the hardcore type is only minor because of its immediate issues .
First of all , it was released almost anonymously .
To find a hardcore server , you may look at the end of server names for “ HC ” or “ Hardcore ” .
This issue should not carry over , as I assume the search feature with its filters will be complete .
Not only that , but even if you look at the server info for an actual hardcore server , all servers say “ hardcore mode : OFF ” .
Not that big of a deal , but highly misleading .
But it also seems that hardcore mode renewed my thoughts of the beta .
Playing the normal game mode was kind of a pain – some guns were overtly powerful , some entirely useless .
However , hardcore mode shines new light on those issues .
Now it is n’t about how quickly guns kill – because all guns kill very easily .
Now , you pick your weaponry from how accurate it is , the ammunition count , or your general preferences ( such as iron sights ) .
The SCAR L Carbine and 9A91 are exactly the same stat wise , but not only does the SCAR look cooler ( my preference ) , it has a larger clip size but the same ammunition count .
That ’s why I pick it .
One of the new features of Bad Company 2 is the addition of a load out .
First thoughts may lead to Modern Warfare 2 , but they are only similar in so many ways .
In Bad Company 2 , they have taken out one class – so there are only five .
In the first , you could choose from Assault , Engineer , Specialist , Recon , and Support .
Instead , they took out support and created medic , and morphed the specialist with the engineer .
Now , you have Assault , Engineer , Medic , and Recon .
Each have exclusive goodies .
The Assault class receives a ammunition box that can be dropped and can distribute points to allies who use it .
The Engineer class is … the same , except it uses specialist weapons ( SMG’s ) .
Recon is still the same , but I dislike some of the design choices they made .
In the first Bad Company , the recon class had binoculars which could lock onto any vehicle , and once charged , you would control a predator missile and attempt to destroy the vehicle .
This was great because it was reusable and intelligent drivers could trick the recon player into going in one direction , but swiftly moving at the last moment , not giving recon a chance .
Instead , they gave the recon class either 1 ) C4 [ you could upgrade the amount held with a spec , more on this later ] 2 ) a mortar .
The C4 is fine in all honesty .
However , the mortar is the most atrocious piece of weaponry I ’ve ever seen .
For the support class in the original , it was fantastic .
Now it has only one use .
One use .
You heard me right .
While I ca n’t say I ’m positive that I know an ammunition box wo n’t refill that one use , from what I can remember it did n’t .
So basically , C4 is the only thing worth using this time around .
I ’m not even going to bother mentioning the new targeting / charging system on the mortar .
Last of all … Medic .
Definitely the most handy class a lot of the time , you can revive soldiers within few seconds of their death with a defibrilator , or throw down some health packs for others and yourself to use .
Same original LMG + pistol weapon combo .
One thing I mentioned in the previous paragraph – although only slightly – was a ‘ spec ’ .
In Bad Company 2 you have 3 specs , almost how you have three perks in Modern Warfare .
Over time , and as you level up , specs will unlock .
Since spec 1 is not locked , but it is more difficult to obtain than the others .
Spec 3 is specific to vehicles .
For my spec 3 , I can choose improved warheads , armor , etc .
For spec 2 , I can choose a lightweight pack , making me run faster .
I am pretty sure there are many more , such as additional C4 ( I am only level 6 in the beta , there are 11 levels , suffice to say I have played about 9 + hours though ) .
These spec 3 ’s make the game much more variated , and add a more tactical aspect to the squad approach .
While they may seem insignificant at times , once you take a certain spec off the difference makes itself clear .
The map in the beta is one called Port Valdez .
It is a snow map with practically zero access to water ( you can dip in a few feet at one small area , but it is of no use ) .
That one area of water does in fact prove that you cannot use weapons while swimming , whereas in the previous Battlefield games you could ( not in Bad Company , though ) .
The map is , well , not the best choice in my opinion .
Attackers begin by parachuting into a few side of the map , where a UAV is stationed along with the typical vehicle set .
There ’s a hill nearby where snipers rest , and keep descending down the path and you find yourself at the defender ’s base , a very small area with a few buildings .
The bomb plants for A and B are set within fairly close proximity , and both can be taken out by a UAV with C4 attached to it .
Generally , the style remains the same , except the second defender ’s position is more like a small town .
Once you get to the third defender ’s base , though , things get much more unique .
It is a small harbor – with the usual shipping containers , warehouses , etc – but it is quite open .
There is room for attackers to thwart the defender ’s plans by flanking from the left beach side , as that and the road act as huge bottleneck ( for good reason ) .
There is a hill at this bottleneck though , which is a popular sniping spot – only accessible by the sprint + jump technique .
At this position the Apache also spawns for the defenders .
This is the main reason defenders should be winning – because of the Apache !
The Apache is the deadliest helicopter in any of the beta ’s , and with a good pilot and gunner , is practically unstoppable .
Of course , once the defender ’s lose this point , the Apache leaves with them , and that leads onto the next point , where a Black Hawk spawns .
The Black Hawk is n’t particularly great as is the Apache , but it comes in handy for a more experienced crew .
It is especially diverse since two allies can use the Gatling guns .
At this point you can also sneak around and steal the Black Hawk , or alternatively plant the C4 on the plant point .
Even with this massive description though , its difficult to describe the errors with Port Valdez .
First of all , its way too small .
With the increased amount of players per server on the PC version , it simply does n’t work that well .
Stealth is basically impossible save for a few select areas and each spot is constantly under moderation ( provided the teams are mostly full ) .
Second , if the teams are balanced , then the defenders will win .
This map leans towards defenders almost greatly , but if you have at least half of an attacker team with an IQ over 100 , you should be alright , that is , if communications are solid .
That said , VoIP is not functional in the beta .
Text chat really does n’t suffice , but it ’s all you have to work with .
Now , I love the improvement of squads .
In the first Bad Company , squads were great , but selection was n’t free and there were pesky errors with them .
You could n’t prevent people you do n’t know from joining your squad and giving away your position ( which happens all too often ) , and you could n’t choose which teammate to spawn onto .
Now , its vastly changed , and much for the better .
You can create and join squads freely in the squad selection menu .
Squad leaders can lock squads ( will have to be redone each round , unfortunately ) to prevent people you do n’t know or like from joining .
Not only that , but yes !
– you can pick which squad member to spawn on .
Which is really nice , and good for annoying people ( but you can always lock the squad regardless ) .
One thing they did n’t add , that I really would ’ve liked , is the addition to lock yourself from being spawned on .
It just so happens that every time I sneak behind the enemy base as recon and kill many enemies , that squadmates like to spawn on me and pretend to benefit me , when in reality there are not .
However , the antics happen only so few and far between .
As usual , you do get extra points for assisting squadmates .
The kill assist system is improved , with critical kill assists ( deplete a large sum of the enemies health ) and the regular assists ( deplete any less than a large sum ) .
The squad bonuses are n’t distinguished , they simply add points discretely , but they are there .
It seems that many complain about the hardware aspects of the game .
It is true that the game requires a fair amount of optimization , mostly for DirectX10 ( DirectX9 runs flawlessly on max settings with 60 + FPS for me , downside of no AA ) .
For future information , I have a Phenom II X4 955 and a GTS 250 , neither are overclocked in any way .
The game runs – blissfully .
Keep in mind that I have a 22 ″ monitor though , which is 1680 ×1050 pixels , and I play on highest possible settings .
I use EVGA precision to measure my FPS , but I would recommend Fraps for non Nvidia GPU owners , as EVGA precision I ’m not sure works .
Well , that ’s about all I can think of .
Remember that most of my game time is dedicated to the hardcore game type , which I personally perceive to be much better and brings out the true Battlefield experience .
And remember – its always much more fun with friends ( even though the friends system is currently nonfunctional ) .
If you have a question , leave a comment .
The final product looks to be fantastic and it is one of the three games I am definitely getting this game filled year ( those 3 games are Mass Effect 2 , Bad Company 2 , and Starcraft 2 ) .
It is a beta so it is bound to be much improved and polished when we see the final game .
Now , if you ’ll excuse me , I ’m going to go play the Bad Company 2 beta .
The leader of a Michigan militia group charged this week with conspiring to kill law - enforcement officers was described Tuesday as a private , family - oriented man who nurtured a festering mistrust of governmental authority , according to people close to the family .
" On the inside of this man 's brain , something evil lurks , and until you get to know him , you do n't know it , " said Andrea Harsh , who was engaged to David Brian Stone Sr. until the couple broke up last year .
In an indictment Monday , federal authorities named Mr. Stone as leader of the Hutaree and accused him and eight members with plotting to spark an uprising against the U.S. government by killing police .
Along with Mr. Stone , seven other men and one woman from Michigan , Ohio and Indiana are in being held without bond on weapons and sedition charges .
The indictment said Hutaree had practiced attacks and other military maneuvers for more than a year , and had planned to kill a law - enforcement officer , then use homemade bombs to attack officers who attended the funeral .
Descending into Dante ’s Inferno , you might expect a passable God of War clone and nothing more .
But you ’d be pleasantly surprised because , turns out , it ’s a hell of a lot more .
Because about 10 hours after starting your quest , you ’ll have completed an amazing odyssey with finely tuned gameplay and a presentation that will definitely give next month ’s God of War III a run for its money .
You play the titular Dante , a former crusader who ventures into the depths of Hell when his beloved , Beatrice , is taken by Lucifer .
The writing and storyline is excellent , but considering the source material of Dante Alighieri ’s epic poem , Visceral Games would ’ve had to try pretty hard to mess it up .
It is by no means a replacement of the original text , but those who have studied it will appreciate the game ’s strict adherence to Dante ’s map of Hell and the occasional dropping of names of creatures and places like Acheron and Minos .
Virgil also makes an appearance , providing information on each of the Circles and the Inferno in general .
The plot is delivered with in - game cutscenes , rendered cinematics , and some unique animation .
Pacing is excellent all around and you ’ll want to keep on playing just to find out what happens next .
There ’s a requisite twist at the end , of course , and an obvious promise of a sequel , but that ’s to be expected .
Considering that Dante ’s original Divine Comedy chronicles a man ’s journey through Hell , Purgatory , and Heaven , what we seem to have here is a very promising start to a trilogy .
In terms of gameplay , the similarities to God of War are as obvious as the nose on your face .
The game makes few attempts to stray from the established formula , but you ca n’t exactly blame the developers .
Most of the action is your standard hack & slashery with a primary and secondary weapon and fighting segments are interspersed with platforming and puzzles .
The latter can be hit - or - miss , but the combat is always satisfying , especially when you pull your analog sticks in opposite directions to rip a demon in half .
Accompanying the derivative and sometimes repetitive gameplay is a two - pronged progression system with both ‘ Holy ’ and ‘ Unholy ’ skills and upgrades .
Absolving or punishing sinners gives you holy and unholy experience points , respectively , but the chances of you having to make a choice are slim to none .
This allows you to dole out justice based on your own beliefs rather than what kind of experience you might earn .
In addition to being in charge of the fates of the minions and demons of the underworld , you ’ll come across several dozen ‘ big ’ sinners including Pontius Pilate , Hecuba , and many more .
Each will be found in the appropriate circle of Hell .
The only real point of choosing punishment over absolution is to help you level up the numerous holy and unholy artifacts you ’ll find .
These artifacts grant you boosts in strength and other abilities , but they ’re only necessary towards the later part of the game on regular or harder difficulties .
The area in which the game shines is undoubtedly its art design .
Enemies range from the horrifying to the disgusting including hordes of unbaptized infants with razor claws in Limbo to succubii with tentacle - like genitalia in the Tower of Lust .
For every standard horned demon you ’ll find an ingenious manifestation of sin that will make your skin crawl .
The environments change dramatically in each circle and that ’s the main reason to keep on playing .
From the Second Circle abound with phallic and sexual imagery to the cold and icy depths of the Ninth Circle , no two areas look alike .
The art style is best described as a combination of H.R. Giger and Salvador Dalí .
The sound design is equally superb with the Second Circle echoing with perverted screams of pleasure and pain and the Third filled with the sounds of a million souls vomiting to death .
It ’s quite gruesome , needless to say .
Rounding off the excellent presentation is a haunting score by Garry Schyman , the composer behind Bioshock and its sequel .
The bottom line is that Dante ’s Inferno is n’t just some run -of - the - mill God of War ripoff .
It ’s a fantastic game that poses a real threat to God of War III .
Maybe not in terms of sales , but Kratos definitely has his work cut out for him .
Comedy Central is debuting its new series Ugly Americans — an animated series on the monsters that inhabit , create , and propagate Manhattan culture– on March 17 at 10:30 pm .
Mediaite was invited to preview the pilot episode of the new series , and if only for its superb navel - gazing it ’s worth checking out the pilot .
Its only roadblock is that a niche comedy about a culture of limited visibility outside itself can only appeal to so many people .
It aspires to be something of an Animal Farm for stereotypical Manhattanites ; instead of the communists being pigs and the abused proletariat workhorses , the bosses are devils and the roommates are zombies , with the protagonist with which the audience should identify being the only stable human being of the bunch .
It applies every insult you ’ve ever hurled at a New Yorker literally .
Surrounding our hero , the earnestly human Mark Lilly , are monsters who reflect their inner traits in their species .
His roommate Randall ’s slavish devotion to attractive women turned him into a zombie .
His paramour Callie is manipulative and diabolical , but what else could you expect from the spawn of Satan ?
The most commonly existing sidekick in Mark ’s life is his coworker Leonard , a wizard whose magical powers resemble the uncanny ability of many a disgruntled employee to create ridiculous excuses for his behavior out of thin air .
While many would just call in sick to work , Leonard would have to “ tend to his children ” — which he creates in an instant .
It ’s the “ dead grandmother ” excuse taken to its logical extreme .
“ Ugly Americans ” is a delight for anyone who has experienced Manhattanite culture up close .
The hurdle it will have to overcome is whether the more universal jokes will be enough to appeal to people who have not been properly initiated into NYC culture .
It ’s easy to dismiss an animated comedy show about monsters as low - brow ( especially one with the aesthetic sensibilities of The Powerpuff Girls ) , even moreso if the culture it is trying to mock is alien to the viewer .
And it ’s unclear how many Gawker articles about the superficial , self - centered , super - humanly driven characters .
The problem is that a large part of what makes the show work is that it ’s clear the project has no interest in courting viewers that do n’t “ get it . ”
In fact , if it did tried to pander to some lowest common denominator of monster jokes , it would probably flop .
Intelligent humor is usually a bad business investment ( see Conan O’Brien , Arrested Development ) , but Ugly Americans ’ simplistic toilet humor facade might just carry it through while the intended audience gets to enjoy the self - deprecating jokes hidden under the surface .
Check out the trailer below :
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
It might have been the most revelatory moment of the Obama presidency .
In an interview with Time magazine , a chastened President Obama talked of his sputtering Middle East peace initiative .
“ This is just really hard , ” he explained .
“ This is as intractable a problem as you get . ”
As an observation , this is as banal as it gets .
After all the wars and all the terror attacks against Israel and all the frustrated American diplomatic forays across the last two administrations , no one should be surprised at the intractability of the Israeli - Arab conflict .
But Obama sounded as if it were painful new information that had forced an unwelcome adjustment in his worldview .
This speaks either to an astonishing historical ignorance ( did he not know ? ) or a stupendous self - regard ( did he not care because he thought he was so special ? ) , or both .
There is already a debate over what went wrong with the Obama presidency .
Is his team of advisers — nearly universally considered the best and the brightest until the day before yesterday — serving him poorly ?
Has he failed to communicate effectively , even though almost all his speeches have been critically acclaimed ?
Did he fail to “ pivot to jobs ” fast enough ?
Actually , Obama has a more worrisome problem : a reality gap .
During the campaign , Obama could throw a rhetorical pixie dust over all the difficult choices inherent in governing and the contradictions of his own program , making them fade into a beguiling vision of a sun-lit post - Bush America .
This magical realism sustained him until November 2008 — but could n’t withstand governing .
Consider Obama ’s most elemental appeal as a candidate :
He excited the base of his own party while winning over the center with talk of “ post - partisanship . ”
On the stump , he could maintain this balance .
In office , he had to choose either partisanship in the form of his powerful Democratic allies on Capitol Hill , or postpartisanship in the form of concessions to Republicans that would anger and disappoint his own side .
He chose Nancy Pelosi , and watched independents flee from him .
On fiscal policy , Obama could promise massive new programs at the same time , in one debate , he asserted his approach would mean “ a net spending cut . ”
A laughable contradiction , it was n’t fully exposed until Obama had to write a budget .
With $ 1 trillion deficits now stretching off into the horizon , his answer is appointing a commission to study the matter .
Obama is still the same illusionist from the campaign on his signature health - care initiative .
The new $ 1 trillion entitlement will reduce the deficit .
It will insure millions more people while bending the cost curve down .
The hundreds of billions of dollars in Medicare cuts will be utterly painless .
There ’s no trade - off or sacrifice in sight , and — not surprisingly — people do n’t believe it .
Obama came to office under fundamental misapprehensions that hamper him still .
It ’s not true that all that was keeping the Israelis and Palestinians apart was the lack of US engagement , or that the Iranians were amenable to getting talked out of their nuclear program , or that Guantanamo Bay was a pointless contrivance .
Nor is it true that government is a sustainable source of economic growth , or a more efficient allocator of capital than the market .
This is why Obama ’s stimulus program — inevitably , a dog ’s breakfast of politically driven priorities — is such a shambles that his aides never utter the word “ stimulus ” anymore .
It is on to the next program , a nearly $ 100 billion “ jobs ” bill that reflects the touching belief that to work as intended a program only has to be named appropriately .
Obama ’s advisers want him to pull out of his downdraft by getting back to campaign mode .
It ’s governance as performance art .
He ’s hosting a bipartisan health - care summit on Feb. 25 .
Surely , he ’ll sound great and spin gorgeous webs of fancy — as the reality gap yawns beneath him .
comments.lowry@ nationalreview.com
Just as the last few years I contacted David Brawn , the publishing director of Harper Collins , to get some more information .
The questions were sent before I announced the 2011 Tolkien Calendar , as well as the announcement of the reprint of The History of Middle - earth and news about the Oliphaunt poster .
Here follows some more info on the new Tolkien books that will be released this year .
2010 will be very exciting for the Tolkien fans and as you will read , we are in for some nice editions .
David Brawn interview
TL .
In October there was released a new Illustrated Edition of The Hobbit , with a new cover by Alan Lee and a new illustration as well .
So far I did not see the new cover show up on for example Amazon .
Is this book available for order already ?
DB .
The Illustrated edition of The Hobbit was reissued in hardcover in October , having been out of stock for the best part of a year .
We took the opportunity to revise the jacket , reverting much more to the look of the original 1997 edition rather than the heavily cropped and I think less attractive version on the 2002 reprint , while adding an unpublished painting by Alan Lee on the back of the jacket .
This painting , showing Bilbo outside the Green Dragon , was intended for the original edition , but Alan literally ran out of time and it had remained in his studio unseen by anyone for a decade .
When we learnt of it , Alan kindly completed the painting in 2008 , and so we were delighted to add it to the hardback jacket as a bonus .
[ buy the new illustrated edition of The Hobbit here ]
TL .
It also seems in the beginning March we will get a reprint of all hardback editions of the History of Middle - earth .
We already have the complete set in the black paperback version , but a reprint of the hard covers is fantastic news !
Will these reprints resemble the hardbacks as we know them ?
Or will there be different covers , updates , ...
DB .
New print - on - demand technology is finally enabling us to produce books of a really high standard .
We are working with a small specialist printer in the north of England , with whom we have had great success recently in resurrecting the famous New Naturalist series of natural history books in editions which are almost indistinguishable from the originals , and they include full colour plates .
One of my biggest regrets as Tolkien 's publisher over the last 15 years was seeing The History of Middle - earth disappear in hardback , but now we are able to reprint them individually that unavailability can become a thing of the past .
They will include the original colour plates and have proper printed jackets just like the originals , and fans can at last collect or complete the series of 12 books in hardback .
Our editor , Chris Smith , has been working to ensure that any corrections and updates that have been made in the paperbacks over the years are incorporated into these hardbacks .
[ read more about The History of Middle - earth reprints ]
TL . I ’m especially excited to see there will be printed a hardcover Index of the History of Middle - earth volumes .
Will this 13th volume now match the series and is this a reprint of the Index as we know it in paperback ?
The Index will be released in hardback to match , produced in the same way as the 12 volumes .
This is also being checked editorially to remove a handful of errors that we were aware of in the original paperback edition .
In addition , this new technology is enabling us to reissue other titles that have been unavailable in hardcover for many years , including The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien and The Monsters and the Critics .
All of these will be available for purchase direct from HarperCollins .
TL .
The following month , April , also brings us a lot of nice Tolkien books .
We will get a paperback edition of The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrun .
Is there anything new to be expected for this release ?
DB .
The paperback of The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrun will be pretty much identical to the hardback , with a new cover featuring a different detail from the Hylestad carving , which you should now have seen .
For fans who are unaware of what this books is , there is a very good summary by Christopher Tolkien exclusively on the Tolkien Estate 's website .
[ read more about The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrun paperback ]
TL .
Also we will see the Audio version released , something I much look forward to since this new Tolkien book just calls to be read out loud .
This audio version of Sigurd and Gudrun has been delayed some times before , do you expect any more delays ?
I ’m just curious , but in most audio books the forward is not read and we only get the book itself , will this be the case here as well ?
I believe the foreword by Christopher Tolkien to be very interesting and it would be very exciting to hear him read this part .
DB .
I am afraid the audiobook of The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrun is not currently scheduled for publication .
TL .
Then we will see the release of more maps of Middle - earth , where we will get the best from both John Howe and Brian Sibley .
What can you tell about these maps and hardbacks ?
DB .
We are in the process of reissuing all three of the John Howe / Brian Sibley maps , which were published originally about ten years ago .
Rather than calling them ' The Map of Tolkien 's ...' , this time we are taking the original titles of the accompanying booklets as the titles for the publications ; therefore the map of Beleriand and the lands to the north is published in April under the title West of the Mountains , East of the Sea , and the Hobbit map of Wilderland will complete the series in September , reissued under the title There and Back Again .
[ read more about The Maps of Middle - earth ]
TL . Also in April we will see the release of a boxed set with the Illustrated editions of the Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings .
Will this set only be released in paperbacks ?
Is this being seen as a gift edition ?
DB .
We have in recent years had two different paperback boxed sets each containing The Hobbit and the three volumes of The Lord of the Rings - one was of the Collins Modern Classic editions with the blue spines , the other was of the classic editions featuring Tolkien 's own cover designs , though internally I think the books were identical .
Both sets have been discontinued , so this is the replacement , using the current paperbacks with Alan Lee covers and colour plates .
It is primarily for people who want to buy an affordable gift set , as the hardback sets we publish are obviously a lot more expensive .
[ buy The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings Boxed Set here ]
TL .
Is there any new Tolkien publication that you are preparing for this year ?
Can we expect more ‘ unpublished material ’ to be released any time soon ?
DB .
We are working on a couple of projects for the autumn , but nothing at the moment of the ' previously unpublished ' variety .
For once it is the calendar this year that really fulfils the brief of unpublished archive material .
Though I appreciate that Tolkienlibrary is a site dedicated to traditional forms of publishing , it is worth mentioning e-books .
In April last year we published many of Tolkien 's books as e-books for the first time - The Hobbit , The Lord of the Rings , The Silmarillion , The Children of Hurin , Unfinished Tales and The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrun , with the Tales from the Perilous Realm anthology following in the autumn .
These have not surprisingly been welcomed by the growing number of adopters of the new technology , with The Hobbit especially a constant presence in Kindle 's list of genre bestsellers .
2010 will see more of Tolkien 's books available as e-books , most significantly The History of Middle - earth , work on which has been done in tandem with preparing the new hardbacks .
I think it 's quite important for us as publisher to be championing all forms of publishing , and there 's rather a nice symmetry in being able to re-release books in hardcover at the same time as we publish them for the first time electronically .
HarperCollins has been ahead of the game in publishing ebooks for some years , a position we are keen to hold on to .
Many thousands of books are being digitized and released at the moment , which is why it 's very difficult to give exact dates as to when every book will be available , but Tolkien 's books are very much part of that programme .
We are paying special attention to the Tolkien editions , however , in terms of ensuring that the special characters in the text and the many cross references do n't turn into gibberish on the screen , as you will find in many e-books that some companies shovel out .
Digitizing the History of Middle - earth has been turning a few people here cross-eyed as a result , but we hope it will be worth it in the end .
[ buy Tolkien Kindle books here ]
TL .
Are there any anniversary editions to be expected this year , for example in Beowuld and the Finnsburg Fragment Wrenn & Tolkien ’s contributions were included exactly 70 years ago , Poems and Stories was released 30 years ago , J.R.R. Tolkien Artist and Illustrator exists 15 years and deserves some attention , maybe J.R.R .
Tolkien ’s letters to Rhona Beare which was published 25 years ago by The New England Society could see a reprint by HarperCollins ?
DB .
I do n't think so .
I hope that is all helpful .
Feb. 10 , 2010  --
In an exclusive interview with ABC News , a former top lawyer for Toyota claims the automaker regularly hid evidence of safety defects from consumers and regulators , and fostered a culture of " hypocrisy and deceit . "
" You have to understand that Toyota in Japan does not have any respect for our legal system , " said Dimitrios Biller , who worked as managing counsel for Toyota 's American operations from 2003 to 2007 .
" They did not have any respect for our laws . "
Biller handled product liability suits while with the company .
He claims that when Toyota received poor results in a vehicle rollover test , it ordered a new test in order to receive better results .
According to Biller , the company also made a practice of concealing proof of safety problems , and did not disclose information it was obligated to produce during litigation .
" They were hiding evidence , concealing evidence , destroying evidence , obstructing justice , " said Biller .
CLICK HERE TO WATCH AN EXCLUSIVE ABC NEWS INTERVIEW WITH BILLER
According to Biller , when he was preparing information that showed possible safety issues with Toyota vehicles to provide to plaintiffs , as required by law , his boss told him to remember the " golden rule . "
When Biller asked what the golden rule was , he claims , his boss said , " Do n't screw the client . "
Asked if he thought Toyota would lie to the federal government , Biller answered , " In my view , absolutely . "
Biller also said that Toyota 's gas pedal was not the real cause of random acceleration incidents .
" It 's the electronic throttle control , " he said .
Biller said he based his opinion on information he 'd learned while at Toyota , but could not disclose the evidence because " that would be privileged information . "
' Toyota Takes Its Legal Obligations Seriously '
Biller received a $ 3.9 million settlement when he left Toyota , and also signed a non-disclosure agreement .
Toyota sued him in 2008 , alleging that he had violated the non-disclosure agreement .
Biller filed his own suit a year later .
About two years into his tenure , said Biller , he began experiencing mental issues , which he claimed was related to the stress of his internal battle with the company .
" There was an onslaught of depression that I sustained while I was at Toyota , " he said , but added that he believes he is much improved since leaving .
Toyota denies Biller 's charges and says he is just a disgruntled former employee who is angry he lost his job .
In a statement , Toyota said Biller had left the company in 2007 , and would not have any knowledge about current matters .
" Mr. Biller continues to make inaccurate and misleading allegations about Toyota 's conduct that we strongly dispute and will continue to fight against vigorously , " said the statement .
" Toyota takes its legal obligations seriously and works to uphold the highest professional and ethical standards . "
Toyota also said Biller did not handle unwanted acceleration cases while he worked at the company .
Biller disputes that , saying he worked as the managing attorney for Toyota on a sudden acceleration case involving Lexuses that was filed in 2005 .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
The Editor , Sir :
The prime minister made a fundamental point during the recent debate in Parliament over the Jamaica Debt Exchange ( JDX ) bond offer .
He said that the Jamaican economy has made respectable growth of five per cent and more on only three occasions in 37 years , 1988 , 1989 , 1990 , while the Jamaican population has grown by 40 per cent .
It is an acceptance of monumental failure and a starting point for monumental success .
Well , if this does n't explain our predicament , I do n't know what else will .
We are sitting at the doorstep of still the richest economy in the world , and we have been unable to take full advantage of such an opportunity .
Countries thousands of miles away , big and small , have become wealthy by exporting everything including toothbrush and toothpaste , recycled toilet paper , computer chips , pharmaceuticals etc. , while we have been closing down factories .
Lacking opportunities
Golding should have made his China and Middle East visits long ago , but better late than never .
We have been exporting our brightest and best for too long , because they lack opportunity in this country .
This must stop .
The basic problem is that our population growth has far out - paced our levels of economic development .
Our leaders have made catastrophic mistakes and have put party ahead of country .
China has built a new sugar factory in Guyana .
That is investment , not some unused stadium .
Golding needs to be careful of the type of investment he asks for .
It goes without saying that what we need are more factories , investments in cheaper energy and more research and development .
These are not new ideas but we continue to skirt around them , to the detriment of our country .
We will not be able to solve our problems by returning to Agro 21 or Spring Plains .
With the greatest of respect to Edward Seaga , the world has changed way beyond those ideas , which may have been revolutionary in his time .
Get the economy growing .
It is an opportunity that we have to grasp - the same way a drowning man grasps at a straw .
I am , etc. ,
MARK CLARKE
mark _clarke9@yahoo.com
Siloah P.O .
St. Elizabeth
David Tennant and Billie Piper get together again on big screen for murder thriller
Billie Piper and David Tennant are being reunited on the big screen .
The Doctor Who stars are in discussions to appear in a big - screen thriller that will be directed by Piper 's husband , the actor Laurence Fox .
The movie , Love On The Murder Mile , will also star Mackenzie Crook and Matthew Rhys , the Welsh - born , LA - based actor .
Rhys , who portrayed Dylan Thomas in Edge Of Love opposite Keira Knightley and Sienna Miller , is one of the main cast members on U.S. television drama Brothers & Sisters .
The plan is for him to shoot his scenes in Love On The Murder Mile during the summer break from his TV show .
Piper and Tennant were a mammoth success as the good doctor and his assistant Rose .
The script , by Johnny Glynn , is set in London and the story is described as an urban thriller .
Double act : Dr Who David Tennant and assistant Billie Piper pose in Glasgow in April 2006
Robin Fox , the film 's producer ( and brother of Laurence ) , said negotiations were still ongoing and that not all the cast were officially contracted .
He said his brother had ' always had this ambition to direct ' .
Meanwhile , Laurence has withdrawn from the play Eigengrau , which opens at the Bush Theatre in West London next Wednesday .
He did ten days of rehearsals but withdrew ' gracefully ' , after deciding that his part had changed .
He has been replaced by Geoffrey Streatfield .
Riding off into the Sunset Hotel as it gets set for the annual Vanity Fair Oscar Party
Set for a gong ?
Carey Mulligan has been nominated for Best Actress
The transformation that Hollywood undergoes during Oscar week always fascinates me .
Designers , lighting experts , florists and event creators have been sweeping through the Sunset Tower Hotel on Sunset Boulevard to turn the venue into an ultra-glamorous setting for the annual Vanity Fair Oscar Party .
The hotel 's circular drive will be enclosed with mammoth classic Vanity Fair photographs of Rita Hayworth , Leslie Howard , Josephine Baker , Bette Davis and others .
Enormous searchlights will pan across the sky as contemporary stars make their way into the party to eat hamburgers flipped by chefs from the In And Out Burger joint , and wash them down with Champagne .
Since the VF Party switched from Morton 's ( now closed ) to the Sunset Tower , it has become more intimate , more desirable - and , if possible , more difficult to get into .
( Although , not too difficult for some of us ! )
Farther along Sunset towards West Hollywood , Nick Jones has opened the newest branch of his Soho House empire .
There were still workmen , in hard hats , finishing off the final details this week : aspects of the fabulous wrapround terrace and the huge , rooftop olive tree garden with its retractable roof .
' This is virgin space ! '
Nick said , as he led me around the two - storey club that comes with an awesome marble staircase , epic bar and brilliant city views from .
. . the loo !
Last night , Finola Dwyer and Amanda Posey hosted a drinks party for their Oscar - nominated film An Education , with guests including writer and Oscar nominee Nick Hornby , leading lady and best actress hopeful Carey Mulligan , director Lone Scherfig and Olivia Williams .
For a film that was shot on a shoestring BBC Films budget , it has done extraordinarily well to get all the way to the Oscar red carpet and a swanky ( and very sexy ) penthouse club on Sunset Boulevard .
Elton John and David Furnish were also hosting a soiree last night , while tomorrow Harvey Weinstein is throwing a really big bash at the Soho House for Inglourious Basterds , which has seriously steamrollered into the Oscar hopes of The Hurt Locker and Avatar .
Some are calling it a threeway race , but the smart money is still on The Hurt Locker - although look out for a possible upset on Sunday night !
Kristen Bell stars with Christina Aguilera and Cher in Burlesque
From bombshell to alarm Bell
Kristen Bell had just finished being a total bitch to Christina Aguilera .
' No , no ! '
Kristen explained hastily , lest I misunderstand .
' It was make believe .
I just pretend to make Christina 's life a misery . '
Oh .
That 's all right , then .
Kristen stars opposite Aguilera and Cher in the film musical Burlesque , which director Steve Antin has just finished filming in LA .
Aguilera plays a woman who leaves her small - town home and finds work at a nightclub owned by Cher .
' I 'm the girl who feels threatened by Christina , ' Kristen told me .
' I'm a blonde girl who goes dark to go bad .
They did n't buy me as being blonde and bad .
They felt my character should be brunette and bad !'
Martin Samuel , the celebrated movie hair stylist ( he worked on all the Pirates Of The Caribbean pictures ) , designed a dark wig for Kristen , although I gather much of his time was spent taking care of Cher 's tresses .
Kristen , whom I bumped into at the Vanity Fair - Brioni fund - raiser for Artists For Peace & Justice , held at the Beverly Hills Hotel , was in the comedy Forgetting Sarah Marshall .
She was the title character who cheats on her boyfriend and has a fling with a self - obsessed rock god , played ( brilliantly ) by Russell Brand .
A tough job , Gerard , but someone 's got to be mobbed by girls
There was a tsunami of long - limbed bimbos bearing down on Gerard Butler .
Deciding that resistance was futile , he gleefully allowed himself to be swept away by them .
Ladies ' man : Gerard Butler often finds himself the centre of attention
' You ca n't run away ! ' the actor told me , as I counted five women thrusting themselves against him and a dozen more behind them , in the lobby of the Chateau Marmont hotel on Sunset Boulevard , where art gallery owner Nicolas Berggruen was hosting his annual pre-Oscar cocktail reception .
Jennifer Aniston , Gerard 's leading lady in the forthcoming film The Bounty Hunter , was not part of the wave of women hitting on the Scottish - born star , who has become immensely popular in Hollywood .
The actor , pictured arriving , was wearing a beautifully cut Brioni suit , although by this stage - well after midnight - it was looking a little the worse for wear .
Earlier , we had been at the Beverly Hills Hotel , where Gerard co-hosted an event for Artists For Peace & Justice , which was backed by Vanity Fair magazine and Brioni ( hence the suit , which at 6.30 pm looked fresher and sharper ) .
Once he and Aniston finish opening The Bounty Hunter , Gerard told me he's off to Belgrade , where he will star with Ralph Fiennes in Coriolanus .
The film marks Fiennes 's debut as a film director .
He has wanted to make a film of the Bard 's great war drama ever since he starred in an Almeida Theatre production at the old Alfred Hitchcock film studios about a decade ago .
Gerard also appeared in the title role when Steven Berkoff staged his version .
' I 'm playing Tullus Aufidius , the general of the Volscian rebel forces .
They 're the underdogs and Tullus is Coriolanus 's sworn , hated enemy - but Coriolanus respects him .
They have shed blood on the battlefield and there 's an admiration they have for each other , ' Gerard explained .
' Tullus is totally fearless and I 'm getting in shape and having fight training .
War 's not supposed to be fun , but I 'm looking forward to making the film with Ralph . '
Vanessa Redgrave and Brian Cox will also star in Coriolanus .
On Sunday , Gerard will dress up in another suit as one of the presenters at the Oscar ceremony .
• How 's this for a contrast in how to toast the Oscars ?
Charles Finch , the debonair entertainment entrepreneur , is hosting a sumptuous supper , sponsored by Chanel , at the smart West Hollywood Italian restaurant Madeo tomorrow night .
But Ioan Gruffudd and his mate Matthew Rhys will be at Ioan 's home in LA , sitting in front of the TV , enjoying what they call a ' curry and slippers ' night in .
Not to be missed , boys . . .
• The way awards shows are being censored feels very 1950s .
Sacha Baron Cohen was forced out of the Oscars because producers feared a gag aimed at Avatar director James Cameron would upset him .
Meanwhile , at our own Baftas , the BBC made Jonathan Ross rip up 90 per cent of his gags for fear they might offend .
HELLO !
Jokes sometimes do offend .
That 's the point .
Watch out for ...
• Sam Rockwell , Zoe Kazan , Christopher Walken and Anthony Mackie ( he plays one of the bomb disposal experts in The Hurt Locker ) , who star in Martin McDonagh 's scorching black comedy A Behanding In Spokane which , when I saw it at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre on Broadway , had a packed audience lauging one minute and screaming ( jumping out of their seats screaming ) the next .
The story , set in a hotel room , concerns a man ( Walken ) who has spent 47 years searching for his left hand , which was severed by some yobs .
' They waved me goodbye with it , ' he complains .
Mr Walken 's character is wonderfully weird and the rest of the company match him .
Dustin Hoffman and Michelle Williams were in the night I saw it and they had a good time .
• Jane Fonda , who told me that she 's taking the play she did on Broadway last year , 33 Variations , to the Ahmanson Theatre in Los Angeles early next year for three months .
I asked her if she would bring the play to London .
' We 'll see .
I 'm not ruling it out . '
She looked a few years younger than when I saw her in late January .
Probably something to do with the ' work ' she has had done on her neck and eyes .
Her hair was shorter and darker , too .
• Sandy Powell , up for an Oscar for her costume designs for The Young Victoria .
If Sandy wins , she plans to pay tribute to her long - time collaborator Annie Hadley , who died in January .
Annie was one of the best costume cutters in the business and worked on everything from Brazil through The Last Emperor , Shakespeare In Love to The Young Victoria .
The British film industry is full of excellent , but unheralded , craftspeople who never get their moment in the sun .
You can make a fresh portable install in a separate folder for testing purposes , instead of overwriting your existing 0.9.x installation - no changes will be made to your existing install or to your configuration .
Configuration of individual components is now stored in separate files .
Reading of old configuration files is still supported so your settings will be preserved while upgrading from older versions ; however you will not be able to downgrade back to older 0.9.x releases without losing your settings .
Some of existing third party components provide functionality that is now provided out - of - the - box .
It is strongly recommend to remove these components as many of them are known to have major stability issues .
The installer will prompt you whether you want relevant components to be removed automatically .
Components built with buggy foobar2000 SDKs older than 2006 - 07 - 30 are no longer loaded .
The installer will forcefully remove such components .
You will be prompted so you can make a backup copy before proceeding if you intend to keep these files .
To prevent people from running outdated beta versions , every beta version now expires after four weeks from the original release .
A new Context Menu structure has been introduced along with a reworked context menu preferences page .
Holding down shift while opening a menu - with both context and main menu - will bring up menu commands that are normally hidden , so you no longer need to go through the preferences page to access obscure commands that are hidden by default .
Various standard Preferences pages have been reworked .
The Preferences dialog now has OK , Apply and Cancel buttons .
Existing components need to be updated to utilize the new Preferences functionality .
With Default User Interface , the Edit Menu commands operate on currently selected items , not just on the currently active playlist .
This allows - for an example - to use the Copy command on Album List selection .
This feature currently does not work with third party user interfaces - Edit Menu commands operate on the active playlist just like in old foobar2000 versions ; relevant components will need to be updated to comply .
You can now set custom filename patterns and paths for front cover , back cover , artist and disc artwork .
You also have the ability to set a stub image for each of these .
Remember the days when getting music meant leaving your chair and driving to a store ?
Remember having to buy a whole album of filler to get that one great song you heard on the radio ?
iTunes did n't only change the way music was distributed ... it changed music .
This is why the upcoming milestone is so momentus .
In the next few days , iTunes will reach 10 billion song downloads .
That 's ten billion with a b .
A one followed by TEN zeroes .
That 's a song for every person on the planet , plus an extra 3,300,000,000 songs left over .
To mark the occasion , iTunes is giving a $ 10,000 iTunes giftcard to the lucky downloader of the 10 billionth track .
Mike and I thought it'd be a fun challenge to try and come up with an accurate educated guess of when the download will happen to increase our chances of being the lucky winner .
To come up with a good estimation , we started by taking a look at Apple 's " countdown " page .
The 10 Billion Song Countdown page features a really awesome countdown effect without a lick of Flash ; it 's all done by moving a large background - image up and down with Javascript and CSS .
By taking a look at the source code , we quickly discovered that the counter 's starting amount and rate of change is being loaded from a text file off the Apple server seen here :
http://www.apple.com/autopush/us/itunes/includes/countdown.inc?r=0.07180374805674761
( the number on the end is presumably a random number sent to prevent caching )
This file is updated every hour and is a simple one line string .
The string contains the timestamp , the current count and the how many songs were downloaded in the last hour .
In order to calculate our estimation , we set up a script that logs the newest data every hour from Apple and stores it into a database .
With this data , we can analyze the rate of change per hour , every hour and convert Apple 's countup counter into Rusty Brick 's countDOWN counter .
We have created a few algorithms and crunched a lot of data and our prediction is below .
Songs to Go before 10 Billion : Loading ...
Approx Date and Time for 10 Billionth :
A Sydney priest who used a webcam to broadcast himself masturbating to a person he believed was a 13 - year - old girl will be behind bars for at least six months .
Robert MacGregor Fuller , 54 , has been sentenced to a maximum of 18 months in jail for grooming and procuring a child under the age of 16 .
However Fuller was given a six - month parole period and six months off his sentence for an early guilty plea .
During online chat sessions , the priest who served for some six years at All Saints church in the Sydney suburb of Liverpool , used a webcam to show himself masturbating to a police officer posing as a 13 - year - old girl .
Judge Allan Hughes told Parramatta District Court that Fuller knew what he was doing was wrong and expressed that in his conversation with the assumed 13 - year - old girl .
For more than half a century John Crawford 's crime has cast a shadow over his life ; a permanent stigma etched into the files of the national police database .
His conviction in 1959 was for consensual sex with another man – which is no longer a crime – and based on a confession extracted only after weeks of beatings in a police cell .
But 51 years later , Crawford has been told he is legally bound to disclose his criminal record for " buggery " , received when he was just 19 , when applying to work with vulnerable people .
The retired butler , now 70 , is seeking to clear his name in what he hopes will be a landmark legal campaign against the residual consequences of laws which , although expired , continue to persecute homosexuals .
Crawford , from London , discovered his conviction for a sexual offence was still registered on the police national computer ( PNC ) eight years ago , after seeing the results of a routine criminal records check conducted when he applied to work as a volunteer at Wormwood Scrubs prison .
" I saw John Crawford .
1959 .
Charged on two counts of buggery , " he said .
" Since then , I 've analysed my life and found out the amount of my jobs that I 've lost because I 've got a criminal record . "
Now a volunteer who feeds patients at hospitals , Crawford is currently looking for work , and is compelled to disclose his conviction each time he gives his time to charity .
Under the current rules , he could be prosecuted if he fails to mention his buggery conviction under the Sexual Offences Act 1956 .
" What I want to do is apply for voluntary work and , when it comes to the box on the application form that says ' do you have a criminal record ' , I want to be able to say no , " he said .
Yesterday , Crawford 's lawyers informed the justice secretary , Jack Straw , that unless the rules are changed they will initiate judicial review proceedings at the high court to challenge Rehabilitation of Offenders Exceptions Order 1975 , which compels those working with vulnerable people to disclose their conviction history , even if the record is spent or deleted .
They argue the existing system " criminalises " Crawford 's sexuality and " condones " his original conviction .
Crawford initially contacted the gay rights group Galop , which is regularly contacted by gay men seeking to delete their convictions .
Crawford has never told friends about his conviction , a secret he even kept from his ex-partner of 25 years .
His ordeal began after being posted to Aldershot barracks in Hampshire for military service .
When a gay friend at the barracks went absent without leave , military police turned their attention to Crawford .
" They obviously knew he was gay , but they had n't got anything on him – other than being camp .
But they had got me .
And if I knew him , then I must be one as well . "
Crawford was held in a cell for three weeks , during which he was deprived of sleep by being forced to sit on a chair at night .
" They badgered me and badgered me to admit I was a ' fucking queer ' , and I would n't . "
Then they decided to call in the civilian police .
These officers , he said , started a daily beating that involved wrapping him in blankets while was kicked and punched on the floor .
He said he was then placed in a yard each day .
Overlooking the yard , he recalled , there was a grassy embankment where hundreds of cadets would sit twice a day to drink tea .
" Can you imagine in the 50s ?
Oh look there 's the ' fucking queer ' .
I had this from hundreds of people twice a day .
I had to sit in this yard .
I could n't go anywhere . "
Finally he relented to the pressure and confessed to being gay .
Under duress , he told them about Derek , his 22 - year - old partner who , months later , found himself with Crawford in the dock at Winchester crown court where both were convicted .
Laws prohibiting gay sex began to be watered down from 1967 .
It was not until 2004 that offences of consensual buggery between men were completely repealed .
Some forces proactively " weeded out " convictions for repealed crimes from the PNC , but others did not .
Crawford was told by police that his conviction would remain on the database until his 100th birthday , after all 43 police forces in England and Wales had been instructed to freeze the process of deleting or " stepping down " criminal records .
The new guidance was issued by the Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) after a Court of Appeal ruling in October .
Hampshire police agreed to treat Crawford as an " exceptional " case and delete his record from the PNC last month , after being threatened with judicial review by Crawford 's lawyer , Anna Mazzola of Hickman and Rose .
Despite the deletion , however , Crawford is still compelled to disclose the conviction if he wishes to work with vulnerable people .
" According to the current state of the law , it is irrelevant that the conviction was for an offence which has since been decriminalised on the basis that it was discriminatory , " Mazzola said .
Hounded for homosexuality
Last year Gordon Brown issued an official public apology for the British government 's treatment of Alan Turing , the pioneering mathematician who helped develop the modern computer .
In 1952 , Turing was found guilty of gross indecency after starting a sexual relationship with a 19 - year - old man .
Instead of going to prison , Turing accepted treatment with female hormones , and was disqualified from continuing secret cryptological work for the state .
He died in 1954 , apparently killing himself by eating an apple laced with cyanide .
In 1953 , Sir John Gielgud , right , was arrested after trying to pick up a man in a public toilet who turned out to be an undercover policeman .
He was found guilty of " persistently importuning for immoral purposes " , his conviction was leaked to the papers and he was told by the British embassy in Washington to abandon a planned US production of The Tempest as he might prove " an embarrassment " .
In 1954 , Lord Montagu of Beaulieu , then a 28 - year - old socialite and the youngest peer in the House of Lords , was jailed for a year after being arrested as part of a crackdown on homosexuals following the defection of gay spies Guy Burgess and Donald Maclean to the Soviet Union .
He was convicted along with the Daily Mail journalist Peter Wildeblood and the Dorset landowner Michael Pitt - Rivers in a sensational case that made headlines around the world .
The trial is nowadays viewed as a catalyst for the ­government 's repeal of laws which made homosexuality illegal .
Helen Pidd
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
There is a scandal behind the collapse of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and their role in helping trigger the ongoing financial crisis .
A key component of understanding exactly what went on is the role political corruption played in the failure of adequate congressional oversight and the catastrophic collapse of these “ government - sponsored entities ” in 2008 .
That ’s why Judicial Watch filed a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) lawsuit against the Obama administration to get hold of documents related to Fannie ’s and Freddie ’s campaign contributions over the past several election cycles .
We figure that because American taxpayers are on the hook for trillions of dollars , potentially including at least $ 400 billion alone for Fannie and Freddie , the American people deserve to know how and why this financial collapse occurred and who in Washington is responsible .
Unfortunately , the Obama administration disagrees .
Just last month , the Federal Housing Finance Agency ( FHFA ) , the agency that runs Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , responded to our FOIA lawsuit by telling us that none of the documents we seek are subject to public disclosure under the FOIA .
Here ’s the exact language the Obama agency used in its recent court filing : “ Any records created by or held in the custody of the Enterprises ( Fannie and Freddie ) reflecting their political campaign contributions or policies , stipulations and requirements concerning campaign contributions necessarily are private corporate documents .
They are not ‘ agency records ’ subject to disclosure under FOIA . ”
So there you have it .
American taxpayers are paying the tab for the collapse of Fannie and Freddie but are not allowed to obtain any information about why it happened .
The Obama administration is saying , in effect , “ None of your business . ”
Obama administration officials and their lawyers can argue until they are blue in the face that Fannie and Freddie are not federal agencies , but their reasoning is straight out of “ Alice in Wonderland . ”
Remember how all of this went down ?
Back in September 2008 , when the financial sky was falling , the government executed a plan to place Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac under federal control .
There is nothing ambiguous about the government ’s relationship with Fannie and Freddie .
The two agencies are completely owned and operated by the federal government and therefore are subject to FOIA , which is exactly what Judicial Watch argued in a March 5 court filing : “ [ I ]t is undisputed that FHFA ( Federal Housing Finance Agency ) has assumed full legal custody of the requested records .
The agency ‘ obtained ’ the records pursuant to the statute that plainly granted it ‘ title to the books , records , and assets ’ of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac … hence these records are subject to FOIA like any other [ federal government ] agency records . ”
Now , let ’s stop and think for a second .
Why would the Obama administration want to keep secret records about Fannie ’s and Freddie ’s campaign contributions ?
A review of the top recipients of Fannie and Freddie campaign contributions from 1989 through 2008 yields an obvious answer .
President Obama is second on the list , sandwiched between Democratic heavyweights Sen. Christopher J. Dodd ( first ) and Sen. John Kerry ( third ) .
And the president rocketed to the near - top of the chart with just four years under his belt in the U.S. Senate .
This whole scandal blows out of the water any notion that Mr. Obama is keeping his promises on transparency .
The truth is that few in the Obama administration and Congress want the American people to know all the sordid details regarding Fannie and Freddie .
Politicians of every stripe were on the take from Fannie and Freddie .
And now we ’re all paying for it , literally .
Judicial Watch ’s effort to open up Fannie and Freddie to public scrutiny as the law requires is not just about political corruption - it also is about accountability .
Largely through Freddie and Fannie , the Obama administration has essentially taken government control of the U.S. mortgage market and its attendant liabilities - which means you , me , our children and grandchildren are on the hook for trillions of dollars ( more than $ 5 trillion so far ) .
This unprecedented takeover of the private sector is being done by government entities that the Obama administration says are not subject to any open records request .
This lawlessness should not stand .
Tom Fitton is president of Judicial Watch , a nonpartisan educational foundation that fights government corruption .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
When a gene implicated in human autism is disabled in mice , the rodents show learning problems and obsessive , repetitive behaviors , researchers at UT Southwestern Medical Center have found .
The researchers also report that a drug affecting a specific type of nerve function reduced the obsessive behavior in the animals , suggesting a potential way to treat repetitive behaviors in humans .
The findings appear in the Feb. 24 issue of the Journal of Neuroscience .
" Clinically , this study highlights the possibility that some autism - related behaviors can be reversed through drugs targeting specific brain function abnormalities , " said Dr. Craig Powell , assistant professor of neurology and psychiatry at UT Southwestern and the study 's senior author .
" Understanding one abnormality that can lead to increased , repetitive motor behavior is not only important for autism , but also potentially for obsessive - compulsive disorder , compulsive hair - pulling and other disorders of excessive activity , " Dr. Powell said .
The study focused on a protein called neuroligin 1 , or NL1 , which helps physically hold nerve cells together so they can communicate better with one another .
Mutations in proteins related to NL1 have been implicated in previous investigations to human autism and mental retardation .
In the latest study , the UT Southwestern researchers studied mice that had been genetically engineered to lack NL1 .
These mice were normal in many ways , but they groomed themselves excessively and were not as good at learning a maze as normal mice .
advertisement
The altered mice showed weakened nerve signaling in a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which is involved in learning and memory , and in another brain region involved in grooming .
When treated with a drug called D - cycloserine , which activates nerves in those brain regions , the excessive grooming lessened .
" Our goal was not to make an ' autistic mouse ' but rather to understand better how autism - related genes might alter brain function that leads to behavioral abnormalities , " Dr. Powell said .
" By studying mice that lack neuroligin - 1 , we hope to understand better how this molecule affects communication between neurons and how that altered communication affects behavior .
" This study is important because we were able to link the altered neuronal communication to behavioral effects using a specific drug to ' treat ' the behavioral abnormality . "
Future studies , Dr. Powell said , will focus on understanding in more detail how NL1 operates in nerve cells .
Other UT Southwestern researchers participating in the study were co-lead authors Jacqueline Blundell , former postdoctoral researcher in neurology , and Dr. Cory Blaiss , postdoctoral researcher in neurology ; Felipe Espinosa , senior research scientist in neurology ; and graduate student Christopher Walz .
Researchers at Stanford University also contributed to this work .
The research was supported by Autism Speaks , the Simons Foundation , the National Institute of Mental Health , BRAINS for Autism , and the Hartwell Foundation .
Folk musician Eliza Carthy recently wrote of how appalled she was to find herself listed as one of BNP leader Nick Griffin 's favourite musicians .
And who can blame her ?
But this episode goes deeper than one folk singer 's embarrassment .
Griffin 's championing of English folk music is one element of a wider cultural strategy being pursued by the BNP .
This involves forging a connection between the deeply felt sense of socio-economic marginalisation prevalent in some communities and the more overt espousal of pro-English , as opposed to pro-British , nationalism .
This shift in cultural politics on the far right is a prescient and overlooked one .
According to research shortly to be published by the Institute for Public Policy Research , an attachment to Englishness has become a more significant feature within the social culture of England than many of our politicians have realised .
This trend has also become powerfully intertwined with divisions associated with class .
Various factors have helped strengthen English identity over the last decade .
Devolution has forced the English to reflect on their own sense of nationhood and position in the union .
The recognition that England is governed in an extraordinarily top - down fashion has generated a sense of concern about its ( un ) democratic position that spans the camps of right and left .
Just as important has been a general trend towards the revival of some of the ancient ties of belonging in the face of the changes and insecurities associated with globalisation .
Our research points to the Janus - faced character of this new sense of Englishness .
On the one hand , a distinct English national iconography has quite rapidly become part of the wallpaper of our cultural life .
Think of how commonplace the cross of St George , once a symbol tainted by association with the far right , has become .
In this and many other guises – such as a notable revival of English musical traditions , literature and art – we found that English self - identification carries no single political or social agenda .
Nor does the strengthening of Anglo identities necessarily mean that people cease to care about Britain .
The evidence suggests that for most people the opposite is true : valuing your Englishness has for many people added to the stock of multiple identities that we enjoy holding .
So what 's the problem ?
Well , a second trend has also come into play .
A much shriller and often chauvinistic idea of English identity has emerged as an important vehicle for the expression of a growing sense of resentment among some sections of the English populace .
It is this new breed of populist nationalism that is putting a gleam in Nick Griffin 's eye .
This is the brand of English nationalism that many liberal commentators and politicians , including the current prime minister , rightly see as a toxic antithesis to the civic and inclusive patriotism which they want to see grounded upon a broader sense of Britishness .
Understandable as this recoil is , our research leads us to question this widely held progressive position .
First , we found that the belief that government and polite society disapprove of Englishness is a key ingredient in the soil in which populist nationalism has flourished .
A concerted progressive engagement with English identity and culture would help starve this unpleasant plant of much of its oxygen .
Second , it is about time that we dumped the caricature of the white working class , which infantilises public debate .
It is simply not true that white working - class people are more prone to populist nationalism than their middle - class counterparts .
In fact , what struck us most about the conversations we had with people from different backgrounds during our research were the different ambitions and fears associated with a commitment to being English .
We became aware of a complex and shifting set of arguments about what it means to be English today .
And , third , we need to question the widely held assumption that Englishness is " for whites only " .
It is true that polls tend to suggest that the majority of ethnic minorities in England connect with the idea of being British rather than English .
And there are good reasons why liberals are sometimes suspicious of the assertion of English pride .
But closer inspection of the evidence suggests a more complex picture .
Attitudes to English identity vary between and within ethnic minority communities , while there is anecdotal support for the idea that people from third - generation backgrounds are more ready to identify with aspects of English culture and identity .
We should recall too that on some important social issues , including attitudes towards racial mixing and community cohesion , England remains one of the most tolerant developed countries in the world .
Progressive and multicultural English patriotism represents an important means of seizing back the ground that the far right is trying to occupy .
A good start would be for all mainstream political parties to combat the insinuation that Englishness is " forbidden " in our cultural life .
The current world population is estimated to be slightly over 6.8 billion people .
By the year 2040 , the world ’s population is expected to increase by almost one half so as to be approximately 9 billion .
Even more remarkable , in just another ten years , or by 2050 , the world ’s population is projected to be 10.6 billion and by the year 2100 is expected to be 15.9 billion .
What this reflects is the increasingly exponential rate of world population growth , with the world ’s population having increased fourfold in just the last 100 years .
This has been a characteristic of human population since the first homo sapiens , with the human species being unique in the way that it has spread and populated the globe .
As humans have learned to control disease and increase food production , however , so has the human population exploded beginning around the 1400 ’s , or shortly after the Black Plague that previously had killed off much of the population of Europe .
Such an explosion of the human population has occurred despite two world wars and world - wide disease epidemics such as the 1918 flu .
Because of the exponential nature of the explosion of the human population , this creates resource and environmental management problems that are increasingly raising questions as to the earth ’s carrying - capacity to support our human population at current population growth rates and demands that our current society place on the environment ( i.e. human “ foot - print ” impacts ) .
Each day more than 200,000 people are added to the world ’s population and thus demand for food and other natural resources .
Following in the sections below are a discussion of some these global environmental and resource issues caused by the rapidly increasing human population .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Uncategorized
Tags : population , world population , world population growth
Added 3 new hats that can be worn by any class
Towering Pillar of Hats "
Noble Amassment of Hats "
Modest Pile of Hat "
Added Propaganda contest winners ' hats for First Place , First Runner - up , and Second Runner - up
Added " Edit Loadout " button to the class menu
Changed the main menu background to randomly use the Red , Blue , and Soldier / Demo background images
Fixed Snipers being able to shoot enemies through gates
Fixed Linux servers not properly reconnecting to Steam when they lose their connection
Fixed stickies being destructible before they 're stuck to something
Fixed the return progress bar above a dropped flag not animating if the return time on the flag is less than 30 seconds
Fixed the CTF HUD not properly handling flags being disabled / enabled during the round
Fixed player health panels sometimes using the wrong animations for buffed or low health values
Updated the net_showevents convar to be marked as a cheat
Updated the main menu news buttons to direct players to the most recent TF2 update and the TF2 blog
Updated Italian localization strings
Updated the custom TF2 fonts with Polish characters
Updated CP_Gorge
Added more cover outside of the initial BLU spawn area
Added a forward spawn for the BLU team after Cap1 is captured
Added another access point to the upper level from the front of the RED base
Added more cover in the room just before Cap2
Decreased RED team 's respawn time while they own Cap1
Fixed a few areas where players would sometimes become stuck
Added new options for the Invade CTF game mode flag .
Default is 1
0 : No neutral time
1 : Flag goes neutral in 30 seconds ( current behavior )
2 : Flag goes neutral in 1/2 the return time
Added scoring choice for the Invade CTF game mode .
Default is 0
0 : Increment score ( current behavior )
1 : Increment capture count
Added new inputs to item_teamflag
ForceDrop :
Force the flag to be dropped if it 's being carried by a player
ForceReset :
Force the flag to be dropped if it 's being carried by a player , then reset the flag to its original location
SetReturnTime :
Set the length of time ( in seconds ) before a dropped flag returns to base
Added scoring choice for the Invade CTF game mode .
Default is 0
Added new inputs to item_teamflag
Added new output to item_teamflag
OnTouchSameTeam :
Sent when the flag is touched by a player on the same team
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
Gay rights activists welcome President Barack Obama ’s recent remarks calling for an end to the U.S. military ’s “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy .
Obama made the appeal at the end of his first State of the Union speech Wednesday .
“ This year , I will work with Congress and our military to finally repeal that law that denies gay Americans the right to serve the country they love because of who they are , ” said Obama .
“ It ’s the right thing to do . ”
Joe Solmonese , president of the Human Rights Campaign , the country ’s largest gay rights group said Obama ’s remarks are a step in the right direction .
Speaking to Reuters he said , “ Our country simply cannot afford this discriminatory law that hurts military readiness by denying patriotic men and women the opportunity to serve . ”
Most gay rights activists are pleased to know a timeline has finally been issued on the matter .
However more concrete actions and fewer promises , need to be taken , they say .
Obama should have addressed suspending the disheartening number of servicemen and women who have been dismissed for their sexual orientation , said Rea Carey , executive director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force .
“ The time for broad statements is over , ” she told the Washington Post .
“ The time to get down to business is overdue .
We wish we had heard him ( Obama ) speak of concrete steps , ” she said .
Critics say “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” is actively being used to drive gay men and lesbians out of the military .
Reports estimate more than 13,500 have been dismissed from the military since 1994 and an estimated 644 people have been discharged under the law since Obama took office .
According to the Washington Post between 1997 and 2008 , the Defense Department fired more than 10,500 service members for violating the policy .
In a recent editorial the New York Times states , “ The policy of drumming gay men and lesbians out of the military is based on prejudice , not performance . ”
The law , says the Times , singles out a group of Americans for second - class treatment , forcing them to hide who they are and to live in fear of being found out and discharged .
“ The policy hurts the military by depriving it of the service of a large number of loyal and talented Americans . ”
Analysts note Obama is trying to make good on his campaign promise to end the Pentagon policy that began in the early 1990s , especially with his gay and lesbian supporters .
The policy was signed into law in 1993 by then - President Bill Clinton , a Democrat , as a compromise after the military objected to his calls to open doors to the gay and lesbian community .
The measure known as “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” stopped the government from asking recruits or anyone in the military if they were homosexual , provided they did not disclose their sexual orientation .
It ’s time to “ end do n’t ask , do n’t tell , ” critics charge .
Repealing the law however faces resistance from Republicans in Congress , most notably from Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , who said repealing the measure would be a mistake .
McCain argues the policy has been “ successful ” for the last 15 years .
Republicans are pledging to block any legislative push for repeal .
Democrats cite polls indicating 69 percent of voters support allowing gays to openly serve in the U.S. armed forces and are urging the White House to change the law .
In a recent statement House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , said , “ We look forward to working with [ the president ] on this issue of fundamental fairness and supporting the patriotic Americans who serve – and wish to serve – our country in uniform . ”
Defense Secretary Robert Gates is expected to unveil the Pentagon ’s plan to prepare for repealing the policy at a hearing Tuesday .
According to a Pentagon spokesman , Gates along with Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm .
Mike Mullen will not lay out specific legislative proposals to repeal the law , but rather detail some preliminary steps that need to be taken inside the military in advance of formulating a legislative plan .
Gen . John Shalikashvili , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , agrees it ’s time to repeal the controversial law .
“ As a nation built on the principal of equality , we should recognize and welcome change that will build a stronger more cohesive military , ” he said on CNN.com .
Currently there is a bill in the House of Representatives , the Military Readiness Enhancement Act , which calls for undoing the current law .
Rep. Patrick Murphy , an Iraq war veteran and Democrat of Pennsylvania , is leading the effort to get it passed .
The measure has more than 180 co-sponsors .
No similar Senate bill exists .
Meanwhile gay rights activists say some progress has been made by the Obama administration recently , most notably the enactment of the Matthew Shepard Act , which makes hate crimes against gay people federal crimes .
However , they add much more needs to be done , including recognizing same - sex marriage at the national level and passing a federal law protecting gay workers from discrimination on the job .
Repealing “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” would be an important step forward , they say .
Photo : Iraq combat veteran Lt. Dan Choi , shown at a June 30 , 2009 news conference , was discharged from the New York National Guard for violating the military ’s “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy .
Gloria Wright / AP
Share Tweet Share
Per discussion on the pgsql - hackers mailing list this month , the PostgreSQL database really needs a new ( or dramatically improved ) Python driver .
I have been only too aware of this due to the amount of Django work my team is doing lately .
Let me sum up the situation so that you do n’t have to comb all the way through that thread .
Hopefully at least one person reading this will take it as a call to action .
py - bpgsql and pg8000 are pure - Python drivers .
As such , neither can perform well enough for a production environment , and as a result neither is production - quality nor is fully compatible existing popular frameworks and ORMs .
py - postgresql is currently an experimental driver , designed by James Pye to implement a lot of his advanced ideas about drivers .
It ’s also Python3 only .
So while it may be the driver of the future , it is not the driver of the present .
PyGreSQL is our oldest driver , by Darcy Cain .
It ’s got the best licensing ( MIT ) , but is old enough not to be DBAPI2 - compatible .
It also does not support Bytea , COPY , extensions , or all data types .
Psycopg2 is the most popular driver .
However , it ’s under a bizarre hacked - up license , and the website for it has been unmaintained for the last couple years ( even if the driver is still being updated and improved ) .
Further , Psycopg has a number of issues resulting from trying to do too much , such as asynch code problems , transaction control ( at least with Django ) and using its own escaping instead of libpq’s .
( Drivers who do too much and the developers that love them — 10 pm , Lifetime )
How did we get to this ugly pass ?
Well , a lot of people blame the extremely weak DBAPI2 specification for Python , which does not define enough interfaces and methods for a full - featured database driver .
One can argue , as Marko does , that this specification is merely lean rather than being bloated , but the fact is that of the many programming languages which support PostgreSQL , only Python has this driver fragmentation problem that I know of ( although JDBC has issues around over - specification , so one can go too far the other way ) .
Rather than trying to change DBAPI2 , though , the critical issue is to get one really good Python driver out there for PostgreSQL for people to use .
The ideal driver would be :
MIT , BSD , or Apache - licensed
Works on both Python 2.x and 3
Wraps libpq and relies on it as much as possible
Uses C for speed optimizations
Has both Django and SQLAlchemy bindings
Support for COPY and Bytea streaming
Support for extensions , especially data types
Much more detail is available from the Python Driver TODO page which Greg Smith put up .
Also , Jeff Davis has the PostgreSQL Driver development checklist he developed for our Ruby driver .
So , what are you waiting for ?
Help us improve our Python drivers !
Volunteer on the pgsql - hackers mailing list .
Thanks to Greg Smith , Marko Kreen , James Pye , and Kevin for most of the information in this post .
Code editing .
Redefined .
Free .
Built on open source .
Runs everywhere .
Go beyond syntax highlighting and autocomplete with IntelliSense , which provides smart completions based on variable types , function definitions , and imported modules .
Debug code right from the editor .
Launch or attach to your ...
Wieden & Kennedy
COOL IN A CAN
The makers of this ad say it is aimed at men 18 to 34 .
Ubuntu ’s Update Manager is a great utility that keeps all of your software up - to - date .
If you ’re using the default sources , updates have been tested and should work with no problems .
However , one item that you may not want to upgrade is the Linux kernel that powers your computer .
Maybe you ’ve customized your kernel , are annoyed with constantly cleaning up your Grub boot menu , or have had issues with video and audio drivers not working after kernel updates .
The following steps will show you how to hide kernel upgrades in Ubuntu while still allowing you to use Update Manager to get other software updates .
APT ( Advanced Packaging Tool ) is the system that Ubuntu uses to manage all of the software installed on a system .
It allows you to “ pin ” a package to a certain version , so that it wo n’t be updated when you the Update Manager runs .
To pin your kernel packages , first you must determine what version your kernel is .
One way to do this is to open the Synaptic Package Manager in System > Administration .
Type in “ linux - generic ” in the Quick search text field and hit enter .
Make a note of the number listed in the “ Installed Version ” column .
We ’ll use it in the next step .
Next , we need to edit the file / etc / apt / preferences .
Open it by pressing Alt +F2 to bring up the Run Application window and entering in :
gksudo gedit /etc/apt/preferences
This will open up a gedit window .
Most likely the window will be blank , unless you ’ve played around with APT before .
In the window , type in the following , replacing the version number with the version number you found in the Synaptic Package Manager .
Package : linux - generic linux - headers - generic linux - image - generic linux - restricted - modules - generic
Pin : version < insert version here >
Pin-Priority : 1001
Save the file and close gedit .
If you open the Update Manager , you should see that the Linux kernel updates are now hidden !
And that ’s it !
Note :
Make sure that you update your kernel every now and then , as even Linux suffers security issues occasionally .
Some think giving is done to make others happy .
Some think giving is done out of obligation .
Some think giving is done by others .
I first saw Randy Gregg play a game of hockey in the fall of 1975 .
He was among a group of young blueliners auditioning for the University of Alberta Golden Bears , looking to fill the departing skates of several defencemen of the previous season ’s national champions .
He stood out immediately with his lanky 6 ’ 4 " frame and his flaming orange hair which stuck out in all directions under his white helmet .
Something of an awkward skater , he demonstrated poise and hockey intellect right from the start .
Randy was all of 19 that fall , breaking into Canadian college hockey at an age that future teammates like Lee Fogolin and Paul Coffey were breaking into the National Hockey League .
Who could have guessed then that the gangly redhead would wind up not just a 2 - time University Cup champion but a 5 - time Stanley Cup champion , let alone the fact that he would accomplish all of this in his home town of Edmonton ?
There are impossible dreams , and then there are absurd ones .
Randy Gregg may have been new to university hockey that season , but he was n’t new to university life .
Indeed he was in his fourth year medicine , having been accepted as a 16 - year - old whiz kid .
He played midget and juvenile hockey the early years before deciding to try out for the Bears .
It turned into a four - year gig as he continued the onerous trek through medical school .
I was 19 myself that fall , having discovered the Bears the previous spring when they had made that glorious run to the national title , overcoming such opponents as Jim Corsi ( Concordia goalie ) and Tom Watt ( U. of Toronto coach ) along the way .
Clare Drake was the mastermind behind the Bears ’ bench , Ross Barros was the offensive defenceman who drove the bus , while the team ’s leading scorer was one John Horcoff ( Shawn ’s daddy ) .
By that fall those and many other players had graduated .
Even Clare Drake had taken a sabbatical that season to coach the WHA Oilers , although he returned in 1976 to play a key role in the next wave of the U of A dynasty .
I came to check out the newcomers at an early season affair at Varsity Arena ( now known as Clare Drake Arena but essentially unchanged ) .
It ’s a cramped space with very hard wooden benches , but if one knows what dead spots to avoid , allows the spectator to be right on top of the game .
Which at the university level is a very good brand of hockey , still the best - kept secret in town for my money .
My space in those years was on the benches behind the west goal just to the defensive left of the Zamboni hole .
Unlike today , in those days the Bears defended that end two periods out of three , so over the course of the seasons I became intimately familiar with their left defencemen , of which Randy Gregg was one .
Over those four years he grew before my eyes , becoming an ultra-calm and stable defensive presence and master of the transition game with a good first pass and lethal wrist shot .
With Gregg the centrepiece of a squad that also featured future NHLers Don Spring and Dave Hindmarch , the club quickly returned to prominence .
They reached the national championship game in 1977 , before taking the University Cup the next three years running , what remains a unique feat even in the long and dominant history of the Golden Bears .
Randy Gregg was a central player on the first two of those champions , serving as team captain in 1979 while simultaneously copping the CIAU Player of the Year award .
That middle champion was the greatest of all Bears ’ teams , surely the top amateur club in the country .
( I ’m convinced the University Cup champions would take out the Allan and Memorial Cup champs in a hypothetical showdown for amateur supremacy most years and certainly that one . )
Gregg was typically modest of his hockey talent , saying : " There were much better players around , but I think they wanted to say : we appreciate that to play this level of hockey and to go to medical school is a little different , maybe something of an accomplishment . "
Number me among those who marvelled at the med school - hockey double , but who judged Randy strictly by his performance on the ice where , simply put , he was the best player on the best team in the country .
He was also a committed amateur .
After that 1978 - 79 season the New York Rangers came calling , offering a two - year contract for $ 100,000 per with a significant signing bonus .
Randy demurred , instead accepting an invitation from Father David Bauer – a man who intrigued him -- to represent Canada in the 1980 Winter Olympic Games at Lake Placid .
For five months Gregg and his teammates ( including past Golden Bears Hindmarch , Spring , John Devaney , and Kevin Primeau along with Coach Drake , and future Oilers Ken Berry , Glenn Anderson and , for you trivia fans , goalie Bob Dupuis ) barnstormed arenas across Canada and around the hockey world for the princely stipend of $ 4,000 for the winter .
" I tend to be pretty single - minded , " said Randy , " and at that point my ambition was to be part of the Olympic program .
Besides , down the line , I figured the hundred thousand would n't be as important , looking back , as going to Lake Placid -- if I could make the team . "
He not only made the squad , he was named captain .
I took my one opportunity to see one of those tune - up games , an absolute beauty at Varsity Arena against interim coach Billy Moores and the still - powerful Golden Bears , who emerged with a 4 - 3 upset victory .
It was one of those rare games with two home teams ; it was a joy to see the homecoming of the local - kid - made - good , wearing the red maple leaf complete with an extra " C " and playing his usual rock steady game on the blue .
A couple months later Gregg would lead Team Canada to a respectable showing in its first Olympic appearance in 12 long years .
A personal highlight occurred when Randy beat the legendary Soviet goalie Vladislav Tretiak for his lone goal of the tourney .
Unfortunately the Canadians dropped a tight 6 - 4 decision to the powerful Soviets , knocking them out of medal contention .
Randy disappeared from view for a couple years after that as he continued his unconventional career far from the beaten path .
He had visited Japan as a Golden Bear and again with Team Canada , enjoyed himself thoroughly , and made enough connections to snare a job in Tokyo as playing - coach for the Kokudo Bunnies , retaining his amateur status on the ice while working an off - ice job for the team ’s owner .
When the season came to an end Dr. Gregg would fly home to Edmonton and immediately resume his internship at the Royal Alexandra Hospital .
By the spring of ’ 82 he had no fewer than 3 NHL suitors awaiting his return to North America , including the Rangers , the Calgary Flames and the hometown Edmonton Oilers .
Wishing to stay at home Randy turned down a substantially higher offer from the Flames and signed with the Oilers , the original " home town discount " .
Within days he was playing his first NHL game , in the playoffs no less , partnered with Paul Coffey .
Oilers won his first game , 3 - 2 , on an overtime goal by Wayne Gretzky , but lost that first - round series in a major upset to the L.A. Kings .
I was intimately familiar with the big redhead but it seemed odd to see him in the unfamiliar environment of the Coliseum and the unflinching spotlight of the NHL .
I cared about exactly three teams in those days , the Oilers , the Bears , and Team Canada -- same as today , come to that -- and here was a fellow Edmontonian and exact contemporary of mine who was trying to complete the triple , lining up with Gretzky and Kurri , Messier and Anderson .
Straight out of the Asian League !
I worried that he would be overmatched out there against the likes of Marcel Dionne , Dave Taylor , Charlie Simmer , Larry Murphy ; but that turned out to be no concern whatsoever .
Gregg and his perpetually calm demeanour fit in seamlessly , his big body appearing awkward but always seeming to be in the way of whatever the bad guys were trying .
Randy instantly became a mainstay on the team , playing a full 80 games plus four playoff series in each of the next two seasons .
He reached statistical peaks in 1983 - 84 , scoring 13 goals and 40 points with a +40 rating in the regular season , then 10 more points and +16 in 19 playoff games .
In the 99th game of that long season , Gregg and his high - powered teammates achieved the ultimate goal : the Stanley Cup .
In those days I had season tickets in the southwest corner of the Coliseum .
Like today the Oilers defended that end two periods out of three , so I became intimately familiar with their right defencemen , of which Randy Gregg was one .
( He had made the conversion seamlessly at the NHL level in keeping with the needs of the club . )
He was most frequently paired with Don Jackson , an American college - trained rearguard .
In modern terms they would be considered the third pairing behind Huddy - Coffey and Fogolin - Lowe .
But they were a solid duo who received a regular rotation , as Glen Sather was among the very first NHL coaches to go with three pairings on a full - time basis .
It did n’t hurt that Slats had the luxury of depth on the blueline that was the envy of the league .
Randy was not a proactively rugged player , which given his size was guaranteed to drive a segment of the fan base nuts .
For one thing he eschewed fighting entirely , saying " I never fought in hockey because I could n’t stand the thought of anybody , especially my kids , seeing me lose it , seeing me that far out of control ...
My attitude toward fighting was , if you win you ’ve got sore hands , if you lose you ’ve got a sore face ! "
But Gregg used his size to advantage in other ways , positioning himself perfectly , getting in the way of any thrust towards goal , using his reach , a quick stick and his oversized feet to deflect pucks out of the danger area .
He could be exposed on a one - on - one against a fleet opponent , but had a way of forcing them to go way wide into the corner where the strong goaltending tandem of Fuhr and Moog could easily handle bad angle shots .
He possessed a safe and sure first pass , and was n’t beyond jumping into the rush when the situation presented itself , as happened often with Wayne Gretzky ’s Oilers .
Not that often , mind you ; as Gregg himself wryly observed , " I ’ve often said I was a fifty - goal scorer in the NHL , but that it took me nine years to get the fifty . "
As a defence - first type he was exactly what the goal - happy Oilers needed .
He was a consistent plus player , ranking 90th on the all - time list at +164 , in just 474 regular season games ( +0.35 / GP ) .
In the big games of the playoffs he stepped it up another notch , going +71 in 137 post - season contests ( +0.52 / GP ) .
He ranks 3rd on the all - time list of playoff plus , sandwiched between Jari Kurri and Wayne Gretzky .
Randy Gregg could play a little bit .
The local hero celebrated that summer of ‘ 84 by marrying his sweetheart , Kathy Vogt , a long - track speed skater he had met at the Lake Placid Games .
My wife and I got to know Kathy a tiny bit in subsequent years , as it happened our seats were on the same section and row as a number that were reserved for wives and girlfriends .
A teacher ( as is my wife ) , she was the most down - to - earth one there , would n’t avoid eye contact but would always take a moment to smile and say hello and maybe share a word or two .
In the fall of ’ 84 Sather convinced Randy Gregg to represent Canada on the best - on - best stage of the Canada Cup .
One of 8 Oilers on the squad , he fluctuated in and out of the line - up , and became a Canada Cup champion when the hosts won the final game right in Northlands Coliseum , a 6 - 5 victory over Sweden to sweep the best - of - three final series .
It was a rich 13 months for Edmonton hockey fans , with two Stanley Cups and a Canada Cup awarded right before our eyes .
After the second Stanley Cup in ’85 and the shock defeat to Calgary in ’ 86 , Gregg retired , his hockey dream supposedly filled , having proven to himself he could skate with the best .
It turned out to be a crafty negotiating ploy , as Sather sweetened the pot 6 weeks into the new season and convinced the reluctant rearguard to return .
It was a stabilizing point in what had started out an uneven season , and the Oilers gradually gained steam and rolled to the President ’s Trophy before regaining the Stanley Cup in a dramatic 7 - game Final against Philadelphia .
Gregg talked again about retirement before his career took another unique twist .
It was announced that former professional hockey players could be reinstated as amateurs for the Olympics , which were being hosted just down the road in Calgary .
Once again Randy spurned a comfortable six - figure salary to chase the dream , representing Canada in his second Olympics .
After another long winter of barnstorming exhibition games , Dave King ’s squad came up just short in Calgary , finishing fourth , a crushing disappointment to Randy and the whole country for that matter .
Nonetheless
Oiler fans were relieved when Gregg returned to the fold shortly after the games , and his reliable defensive posture helped to deliver a fourth Cup to Edmonton .
Two years later came the fifth , Gretzky - less Cup .
Only 7
Oilers remained from the first triumph six years previously : Glenn Anderson , Jari Kurri , Kevin Lowe , Charlie Huddy , Grant Fuhr , Mark Messier , and Randy Gregg .
The last three of them were full - fledged Edmonton products , but only one of these could lay claim to winning 7 different major championships , all representing this city over a decade and a half .
That fall of 1990 Randy and the Oilers parted company .
As happened far too many times towards the end of the Pocklington years , the departure was a difficult one , handled clumsily .
The circumstances are described by Charles Wilkins in his remarkable book " Breakaway : Hockey and the Years Beyond " ( McLelland & Stewart , 1995 ) , which features a lengthy and fascinating chapter on Randy Gregg ( and to which I attribute any quotes in this article ) .
His comments about Pat Quinn are particularly interesting in light of the Irishman ’s current position with the Oil :
During the summer and autumn of 1990 , when Randy was putting every available hour into FunTeam , the Oilers decided he was expendable and left him unprotected in the league 's annual equalization draft .
" Sather told me he'd faxed every team telling them not to bother drafting me , because I would n't report , " say Randy .
" Vancouver drafted me anyway and offered me an enormous amount of money compared to what Edmonton had been paying me . "
The Canucks were interested in the thirty - five - year - old rearguard partly as a player but more so as a model for their young defencemen .
" And I was interested , " he says .
" But I 'd already committed myself to getting FunTeam going , and I knew that if I left Edmonton at that point it just would n't happen .
So I turned them down . "
By the next summer , however , with FunTeam well established , Randy signed with the Canucks .
It would be his last year in pro hockey , and , to judge by the record book , it could hardly have been especially fulfilling : twenty - one games , one goal , four assists .
" The truth is , " says Randy , it was one of the most rewarding years of my career .
I was supposed to be there to help the young guys , and I ended up learning five times as much as I taught .
And it was almost exclusively because of Pat Quinn .
He 's such a great guy , an amazing man ; I developed so much respect for him . "
Randy praises Quinn as introspective , disciplined , and committed to his players .
" It 's a real rarity in hockey to find a guy who can be a friend to the players , as Pat is , without losing their respect .
Even after all my years in hockey , he showed me things about dignity and relations within the game that I 'd never seen before . "
Those 21 games and the 7 playoff games which followed were all that separated Randy Gregg from being the first career - long Oiler , a feat which still has n’t been accomplished by a meaningful player .
It was a crying shame : the proud Edmontonian may have been lost on a technicality , but there was a deeper issue of respect , and of a broken trust in the manner he was left unprotected .
Somewhat fittingly he played his last game on Coliseum ice , as the Oilers bested his Canucks in a hard - fought six - game series .
I watched him shake hands with what remained of his ex-teammates , feeling certain this really was the end of the line after an injury - plagued season .
Randy lost his last series just as he had lost his first ; in the ten years between times his team 's record in Stanley Cup playoff series was a remarkable 25 - 3 .
In retirement Dr. Gregg remained a proud Edmontonian ; in fact he lives in his home town to this day , having reputedly never changed his home telephone number in his life .
He continues to set a wonderful example , starting with his successful medical practice at the Randy Gregg Sports Medicine Clinic .
The FunTeam Alberta project cited above was his brainchild back in 1990 , an alternative form of hockey and other sports where pressure to win is reduced in favour of self - esteem , skills development , team play , and plain old fun for kids and adults alike .
FunTeam is a going concern today , and Randy Gregg remains the chairman of the board , heavily involved on the personal level ; he walks the walk .
He has produced a number of manuals for hockey drills , and remains heavily involved with volunteerism in the community , especially involving kids .
Randy is still somewhat involved in university hockey , doing an annual gig as a colour commentator at the University Cup .
One of the most coveted awards in university sport is the Randy Gregg Award , recognizing excellence in hockey , academics and community involvement .
I was fortunate to see the man up close and personal for a time in the early 90s when both our sons played in the same Tom Thumb program .
Ice time was frequently doubled up between our two teams ; we " coaches " did n’t know what the heck we were doing , but we knew enough to accept with alacrity when Randy offered to run the practices for both squads .
While I tried not to let on what a huge fan I was – he quite simply did n’t want that kind of attention , wanted to be just another dad – it was a thrill to share the same ice surface a few times .
Randy was reluctant to talk about the old days with the Oilers , though I was able to get him going once when I brought to practice my prize collector ’s item , a game - used Jaroslav Pouzar stick .
He fondly remembered the rock hard Czech , and the conversation carried on merrily for a few minutes before he caught himself and said , " The good old days ... it ’s fun to reminisce occasionally . "
And with that it was over .
But if one asked him a solid hockey - related question , such as what is the key to switching from left to right defence , one would be guaranteed of a thoughtful and detailed answer .
Mostly , though , he was there for the kids , ALL of the kids , including the wheelchair - bound one who was included in every possible way from practice goalie to assistant bench coach .
These days Randy and Kathy ’s own kids are making headlines in speed skating .
21 - year - old Jessica Gregg will soon be emulating both of her parents as she represents Canada in the Vancouver Olympics on the short - track team , while brother Jamie Gregg , 24 , has a strong chance to make the long - track squad at the Canadian trials later this month .
Over the years I have seen Randy and family in passing a few times at Clare Drake Arena , but you ’re not apt to catch him over at Rexall Place .
He was lured into participating in the Heritage Classic at Commonwealth Stadium , which served as something of a 20 - year reunion for the first Stanley Cup team , but his relationship with the Oilers reportedly remains strained at best .
It ’s more than the circumstances surrounding his departure , as his respect for Pocklington , Sather and the organization had steadily eroded long before that .
He deplored the way the organization disrespected some of its stars and spit out its veterans .
" We kept on winning into the late eighties , but it was largely because of the incredible closeness among the players and the leadership and talent of guys like Messier and Gretzky .
Essentially we were playing for one another and for the fans , not for the organization . "
Randy Gregg was a quiet leader in his own right .
It remains a fact that once those winners left the organization , the organization stopped winning .
***
In closing I return to the title of this rambling essay .
There are different measures of greatness , and of heroes .
Certainly there were greater hockey players than Randy Gregg to pass through this town over those years , including the genius Gretzky and the bull moose Messier .
Whether there were greater men is another question entirely .
And whereas the others passed on through and now reside in more southerly climes like Hilton Head or Hollywood , Dr. Randy Gregg remains a proud citizen of the home town , and the country , he represented so well over his stunningly accomplished career .
Some people in New York are wondering whether the presence of police officers toting machine guns through the city ’s subway tunnels is really a necessary response to the subway bombings in Moscow on Monday .
“ I think it ’s ridiculous , ” Torey Deprisest , a tourist from Ohio , told the New York Post .
“ The attack happened in a different country and had nothing to do with Americans .
I ’d be nervous seeing cops with machine guns on the train .
It makes people afraid when they do n’t need to be . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Queens resident Holly Celentang described the police response as excessive .
“ It ’s Easter this week , and you have families with young kids on the subway , and I ’m sure cops with machine guns would scare them , ” she said .
“ I feel there should have been a bit more of a thought process before they did this . ”
“ By the time most people awoke to news of yesterday ’s twin terror blasts that killed dozens , the NYPD had flooded city subways with extra cops , ” the New York Daily News reports .
“ Officers with bomb - sniffing dogs swept train cars , and cops set up tables near turnstiles to do random bag checks . ”
The Post reported :
Bleary - eyed New Yorkers began their work weeks with a morning rush hour that featured city cops in full military gear , including helmets , goggles , body armor , sidearms and M16 assault rifles .
The underground arsenal startled sleepy straphangers , many of whom wondered whether the extra security was overkill .
NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne told the Daily News that the measures are “ simply a precaution , ” and said there was “ no indication that the Moscow bombings were related to anything planned against the New York City subway system . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Russian authorities are preliminarily pinning the blame for the twin suicide bombings in Moscow — which at last count took the lives of 39 people on Monday morning — on the “ Black Widows , ” a militant group composed of the wives , daughters and sisters of Chechens who were killed at the hands of Russian forces during Chechnya ’s long - running war of secession .
Some New Yorkers say they support the added security measures , even if they are a response to something unrelated to New York .
“ Better overkill than under - response , ” Joe Kerick of New Jersey told the Post .
“ If the terrorists see an under - response , they may think we are vulnerable . ”
Awakening of Intelligence
This comprehensive record of Krishnamurti’s teachings is an excellent , wide - ranging introduction to the great philosopher ’s thought .
With among others , Jacob Needleman , Alain Naude , and Swami Venkatasananda , Krishnamurti examines such issues as the role of the teacher and tradition ; the need for awareness of ‘ cosmic consciousness ; the problem of good and evil ; and traditional Vedanta methods of help for different levels of seekers .
Content list
Part 1 , Conversations With Jacob Needleman
Chapter 1 - The Role Of The Teacher - The Awakening of Intelligence Part I Chapter 1 1st Conversation with Jacob Needleman Malibu California 26th March 1971 ' The Role of The Teacher '
Chapter 2 - On Inner Space ; On Tradition And Dependence - The Awakening of Intelligence Part I Chapter 2 2nd Conversation with Jacob Needleman Malibu California 26th March 1971 ' On Inner Space ; on Tradition and Dependence '
Part 2 , New York 1971
Part 5 , Public Talks Madras 1968
Chapter 1 - The Art Of Seeing - The Awakening of Intelligence Part V Chapter 1 1st Public Talk Madras 3rd January 1968 ' The Art of Seeing '
Chapter 2 - Freedom - The Awakening of Intelligence Part V Chapter 2 2nd Public Talk Madras 10th January 1968 ' Freedom '
Chapter 3 - The Sacred - The Awakening of Intelligence Part V Chapter 3 3rd Public Talk Madras 14th January 1968 ' The Sacred '
Part 6 , Public Dialogues Madras 1968
Part 7 , Public Talks Saanen 1971
Part 8 , Public Dialogues Saanen 1971
Part 9 , Brockwood Park 1971
Chapter 1 - The Relationship To Awareness Of Thought And The Image - The Awakening of Intelligence Part IX Chapter 1 1st Public Talk Brockwood Park 4th September 1971 the Relationship to Awareness of Thought and The Image
Part 10 , Brockwood Park 1970
A Discussion With A Small Group - ' Violence And The Me ' - The Awakening of Intelligence Part X a Discussion with A Small Group at Brockwood Park 6th June 1970 ' Violence and The "me " '
Part 11 , Conversation With Professor David Bohm
On Intelligence - The Awakening of Intelligence Part Xi Conversation with Professor David Bohm Brockwood Park 7th October 1972 ' On Intelligence '
Longer , Unedited Versions
Texts and talks of Jiddu Krishnamurti .
Krishnamurti quotes .
Books about
J Krishnamurti .
Philosophy .
New strikes and protests hit Greece on Friday as lawmakers voted on draconian budget cuts and Prime Minister George Papandreou sought crucial support from Germany to combat the national debt crisis .
Thousands of communist protesters demonstrated in front of parliament as a debate on the austerity bill began .
A larger demonstration was to follow with other rallies in Thessaloniki and other cities .
Greece 's two main unions brought traffic to a standstill with a public sector strike intended as a shot across the bows of the Socialist government .
No public transport ran in Athens in the morning , all Greek airports were to close for four hours and giant traffic jams clogged the centre of the capital .
State hospitals ran on skeleton staff , while teachers and journalists also went on strike .
Even the police union called on its members to join protests organised for the day .
Unions called more strikes for next week .
Well , this has been an interesting day .
This morning I got a Tweet giving me the head ’s up that the Vanity Fair article I was in had been posted .
I was running out the door , but clicked and saw the GORGEOUS image by Michael Halsband : ( including @digitalroyalty @AdventureGirl @JuliaRoy @PRSarahEvans @ Pop17 ) and got very excited and posted a link without reading the article .
Well , bad idea .
When I was first approached to do the shoot , I was very excited .
The photography in the magazine has always been the best in the business , and the fact that they were interested in doing a piece about Twitter and New Media gave me hope that a magazine firmly in the “ establishment ” was interested in exploring the subject in a new light .
And then during breakfast I saw some weird Twitter comments go by …and then I read the article …and oh , gosh .
Really ?!
I ca n’t tell you how many hours I had to resist rage Tweeting about this subject .
The use of inane Twitter lingo like “ Twilebrity ” , “ Tweeple ” and “ Twitformation Superhighway ” ( Oh God please stop ) just signaled that the writer obviously was n’t well - researched about the service , or the internet in general , really .
And her condescending jibes like , “ … somehow this fascinates millions of readers . ”
Well , whatever .
We ’re all used to snarkville .
But what really ENRAGED me what the general tone , which artfully made intelligent , articulate women sound vapid and superficial .
Check this part :
For tweeple , e-mail messages are sonnets , Facebook is practically Tolstoy .
“ Facebook is just way too slow , ” says Stefanie Michaels …
“ I can’t deal with that kind of deep engagement . ”
….
“ Sometimes , ” says Julia Roy , a 26 - year - old New York social strategist turned twilebrity , scrunching her face , “ when you ’re Twittering all the time , you even start to think in 140 characters . ”
“ Scrunching her face ? ! ”
Oh gosh , thinking is hard !
Well , despite the overwhelming insinuation , these women ALL of them are self - made , business entrepreneurs .
They are n’t skating by on their good looks , they have businesses .
In some of their cases , with professional sports teams and major brands , they help steer the online presence of empires .
They are a new kind of savvy business person , cutting the middle man out .
Carving and creating new professions .
Most importantly , in this celebrity culture of “ Jersey Shore ” fame , they are n’t just “ famous ” for being “ famous ” as the article implies .
They have influence in an emerging and important arena .
I guess that just was n’t an interesting angle ?
I mean , we ’re practically naked in trench coats , who needs MORE zing ?!
I am especially sad that in the same issue , Vanity Fair featured 7 very young emerging actresses ( most of whom are tied to large corporations like Disney and Nickelodeon ) and treated them with much more respect than they gave us .
I feel like an opportunity was missed to celebrate a new kind of independent and liberated woman .
Yes , I ’m pretty naive , haha .
Luckily , there are many smart women on the internet whose hackles got raised as much or MORE than mine did .
In blog entries at CNET , Geek Week , Mediaite.com , smaller blogs like Geek Girl Diva , and many many comments through Twitter and Facebook , everyone picked up on the condescending tone of the article .
( Too bad VF does n’t have comments enabled on the article , I ’d love to see that thread ! )
Perhaps this will spur more dialogue about old media ’s perception of the internet , and the role of women in new media vs. old ?
I can only hope .
Thus ends my “ glamorous ” experience .
For a few hours during the photo shoot it was like a dream come true .
But their business is about to be gutted by the tablet revolution anyway , so I guess I ’ll cut them some slack . 😉
UPDATE ( 1 - 10 ) : @digitalroyalty , far right in the photo , has a blog entry up on the situation as well , check out her social media perspective .
For a while I ’ve wanted to take notes in the Shavian alphabet on my N900 .
The other night I finally got around to putting in Shavian support .
It was a whole lot easier than I ’d imagined : about ten minutes ’ work , and as so often I ’m rather impressed at how flexible Maemo is .
This post was enormously helpful .
You can switch alphabets using the system menu ; excuse the dreadful antialiasing on the icon I whipped up in a few seconds .
When you ’re typing in Shavian , the Fn ( bluearrow ) key will let you type in the Latin alphabet briefly .
And the notes application ( and Conboy ) do n’t have any problem with the non-BMP codepoints needed .
I would package this , but I ’m not sure it would be useful to anyone but me .
On the other hand , it might be helpful for other people who wanted to know how to do something similar .
Should You Have to Pay a Huge Fee to Pitch an Angel Network 's Investors ?
The controversy over angel investor networks which charge struggling cash - strapped entrepreneurs anywhere from hundreds to thousands of dollars merely for the privilege of presenting their opportunities is finally picking up a head of steam .
And it 's about time .
Many of these networks attempt to charge unconscionable fees while offering no guarantees of any kind .
Basically their propositions make about as much sense as someone telling you to take your last $ 1000 or $ 3000 and put it into lottery tickets .
It really was n't all that long ago when entrepreneurs and investors gathered monthly for presentations and networking .
Normally , the venue was a meeting room booked for free at a university .
At most , attendees might have been asked to pay a $ 5 admission fee to cover the cost of the coffee and donuts .
The system worked because both sides got what they wanted .
The investors who bothered to attend after a full day at the office were business people seriously committed to finding young companies to invest in .
The entrepreneurs in turn knew that they were going to meet people who could help them with either money or good advice , so they came prepared .
Everybody won .
Then with the advent of the dotcom boom a new animal started to rear its ugly head .
This new network charged fees to entrepreneurs .
At first the fees appeared reasonable .
In my neck of the woods , it was around $ 125 to $ 200 , when it was n't free .
But the fees started exploding after the dotcoms turned into smoking craters .
Now you regularly hear complaints from founders about being asked to pay $ 750 to $ 3000 and more just to present a 15 minute pitch .
It really has become outrageous .
Rule # 1 of capital raising : never pay up - front fees to anyone who claims to be able to help you find money .
Stick to this rule and you will avoid the tears .
Now finally this ugly boil looks like it's at the bursting point .
Every day I find more discussions over this practice .
Even Digg 's founder has chosen to discuss angel networks which charge fees .
Advertisements
This week The New York Times ran a draft of the soon to be published official Army history of the war in Afghanistan .
The report complete contradicts the claims of neo-cons that they did not ignore Afghanistan while focusing on Iraq .
The history details how the Bush administration ignored Afghanistan for Iraq .
The Army historians wrote that by late 2003 , “ It should have become increasingly clear to officials at Centcom and D.O.D. that the coalition presence in Afghanistan did not provide enough resources . ”
The historians found that the roots of the problem were in the Bush administration ’s disdain for nation building , “ The single greatest obstacle to conceptualizing OEF in a holistic sense was the ambivalence among senior American political officials about what was often derogatorily referred to as “ nation building , ” the large scale , time - consuming reconstruction and governance building efforts such as those that had characterized American involvement in Bosniaˇ and Kosovo .
When the Bush administration took power in 2001 , Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and other officials thought missions like those in the Balkans were essentially quagmires in which the combat power of the US military had become trapped .
‘ The lack of clear objectives and vague timetables made nation - building efforts , anathema to proponents of a foreign policy that would rely on a military instrument that was highly responsive .
The Rumsfeld DOD instead pushed hard to transform the military into a smaller , more agile force that would react quickly to ’ contingencies and avoid nation building . ”
Advertisements
In this context it is not surprising that the Bush administration directed the military on the ground in Afghanistan to avoid efforts to create long term political , social , and economic stability in Iraq , “ Certainly , at the DOD and CENTCOM levels , the monumental tasks of projecting Coalition power into central Asia and using that power to overthrow the Taliban and destroy al - Qaeda dominated the planners ’ thinking and energy .
But even after the capture of Kabul and Kandahar , the installation of a new interim Afghan Government , and Operation ANACONDA , there was no major planning initiated to create long - term political , social , and economic stability in Afghanistan .
In fact , the message from senior DOD officials in Washington was for the US military to avoid such efforts . ”
Even though many of the Bush administration ’s screw ups in Afghanistan were known or greatly suspected , the official history of the first four years of the conflict should put to rest the claims by people like former vice president Dick Cheney that the administration did not ignore Afghanistan .
The truth is that administration chose to invade Iraq when they knew that more resources were needed in Afghanistan .
This history sheds some light on Obama ’s decision to send more forces to Afghanistan .
Those on the left who disagree with this decision should read this manuscript , and then they will see that Afghanistan is another George W. Bush mess that Obama has to clean up .
Read the full manuscript of A Different Kind of War at The New York Times .
High - Tech Sex ?
Porn Flirts
With the Cutting Edge World 's " first sex robot , " iPod technology , 3D content at adult expo this year .
LAS VEGAS , Jan. 8 , 2010  --
The porn industry peddles a product as old as Adam and Eve , and it 's always found the most cutting edge ways to do it .
It 's no accident that each year as the Consumer Electronics Show winds down in Las Vegas , the Adult Entertainment Expo heats up .
Bespectacled techies cross paths with corseted porn stars selling high - tech sex toys and tools of all shapes and sizes .
Some say technology revolutions like the VHS format , video chatting and the digital delivery of content got a boost from the tech - savvy purveyors and fans of adult fantasy , but the fruits of the tech - adult marriage take a variety of forms .
Every year , scattered between the many booths showcasing porn perennials -- XXX movies , traditional accessories and attire -- are a few vendors that take technology to a whole new , sometimes head - scratching , level .
And there 's no subject or function too taboo or outrageous .
Here are a few examples :
World 's First Sex Robot
Douglas Hines is an electrical engineer and computer scientist who formerly worked on artificial intelligence at AT&T Bell Laboratories .
But you wo n't find him pitching gadgets at CES .
Instead , he 's manning a booth at the AEE where he 's unveiling his latest creation : Roxxxy , the latest " sex robot " from the company Truecompanion.com .
Hines combined his background with the expertise of 18 artists and engineers from three countries to create a robot designed to " deliver the best in robot sex . "
The project cost between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million and took about 2 ½ years to create , Hines said .
" It 's really a labor of love , " said Hines .
He declined to release the robot 's retail price until Saturday , which is the day Roxxxy officially goes on sale .
Customers interested in a Roxxxy companion can ask the company to customize the robot for their personal preferences .
To create a robot that looks and acts like an ideal mate , customers fill out a questionnaire to give engineers clues about the robot 's personality .
Though the prototype robot is modeled after a Caucasian fine arts student and is 5 feet 7 inches tall and 120 pounds , customers can choose hair color , eye color and other features , Hines said .
But even though Roxxxy is " always on , " her attraction is n't supposed to be about only sex .
According to True Companion 's
Web site , she " can carry on a discussion and expresses her love to you and be your loving friend .
She can talk to you , listen to you and feel your touch . "
RealTouch to Make Women Obsolete ?
Another gadget at the AEE is attempting to substitute technology for the real thing .
RealTouch , from AEBN ( Adult Entertainment Broadcast Network ) , is a personal device for men that claims to provide " the authentic sexual experience they desire when a partner , for whatever reason , is n't available . "
Touted by the company as a " Wii for men , " the device syncs up with adult content video on a TV or computer screen to simulate the activities taking place in the movie .
But AEBN says that though the application is adult , its roots are high - tech .
The low - profile engineer behind the gadget ( whom the company says does not like to be named ) used to work in the Human Perception Lab at NASA 's Ames Research Laboratory , according to the company .
RealTouch , which looks like a rectangular box with an orifice in the front , relies on haptic technology developed in the lab .
Two belts inside the device are programmed to give the user tactile feedback that coincides with special videos that are haptically encoded .
The company believes the device could have applications beyond the adult industry .
Scott Rinaldo , a project manager with AEBN , said the company has been in touch with sexologists and doctors who work with veterans and men with various medical conditions to figure out applications that could help them .
" There are a lot of medical problems -- premature ejaculation , guys with prostate problems , handicapped people , " he said .
" I think by the end of the year we may introduce a whole new product line that 's non-porn related , that has a complete medical application .
In the meantime , AEBN is marketing RealTouch with the question : " Will a New Gadget for Men Make Women Obsolete ? "
But in a statement , the company 's CEO Scott Coffman said , " On the other hand , it could be a relationship saver .
If guys like Tiger Woods , Mark Sanford and Eliot Spitzer had a RealTouch , their marriages might not be in such turmoil today . "
OhMiBod Vibrates to the Music
OhMiBod is what happens when a former Apple employee starts an adult company .
Started by Suki Dunham in 2006 , OhMiBod sells music - enabled vibrators that plug into iPods , iPhones and similar players .
" Our tagline is basically where tech and pleasure come together , " said Dunham .
The company 's first device plugs into any iPod , iPhone or smartphone with a 3.5 mm jack .
The new version , which is $ 130 , is wireless and works with iPods and other MP3 players , as well as home speaker systems .
" When I started OhMiBod the whole premise was to bring self pleasure mainstream , I wanted a woman to feel as comfortable pulling an OhMiBod product off the shelf as they would an iPod , " Dunham said .
Porn Goes 3 - D
It 's the buzz word of the year over at CES , so it 's not surprising that a new AEE vendor is unveiling an adult 3 - D package this year .
" Bad Girls in 3D " is a new company selling a 3D entertainment package -- a 60 - inch 3D TV , a micro-computer , proprietary software , glasses and a monthly subscription for adult content .
The price tag : $ 3,999.99 .
" For several decades , the adult entertainment industry has driven adoption of every significant new entertainment delivery system -- the VHS home - video craze in the 1980s , the satellite television mania in the 1990s and the present day Internet , " Lance Johnson of Bad Girls in 3D said in a statement .
" 2010 and beyond will be all about 3D .
Society 's enthusiasm for 3D films is largely responsible for the record $ 10 billion in box office revenues in 2009 . "
The TVs will be a Mitsubishi 3D TV , but the company declined to name the supplier of the 3D glasses .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
02/16/2010
To us , they 're nephews .
To Maggie , they 're potential votes against us .
by Jeremy Hooper
My husband and I have three little nephews in our life , ranging in ages from one to nearly - eight .
All three were in our wedding .
All three are around us on a regular basis .
All three have known us since they were cognizant as being just as much of a couple as anyone else in the family .
But if Maggie Gallagher had her way , she 'd indoctrinate these three little boys into believing that our marriage is a lie .
Because to America 's social conservatives , the only values worth valuing are the ones that devalue gay couples , and the only families that deserve familial treatment are the ones that put gay members in the marriage penalty box .
This from The Mormon Times :
" The most important thing is to speak up , in love , for the truth about marriage , " said Maggie Gallagher , president of the National Organization for Marriage and co-author with Waite on the book , " The Case for Marriage : Why Married People Are Happier , Healthier , and Better Off Financially . "
" Right now , it 's less about which arguments are more or less effective than it is about the attempt to intimidate or embarrass marriage supporters into silence , " Gallagher told the Deseret News , " especially those of us who believe marriage is and should remain in America the union of one man with one woman . "
Gallagher said it 's important to talk to children , siblings , friends and family members about why marriage matters so much .
" We tend to raise kids to be good workers and students , " she said .
" We need to raise them as well to be and to value being good husbands and wives , because children need moms and dads they can count on . "
Marriage leads to better overall health , scholar says [ Mormon Times ]
Uhm , we 're trying to embarrass folks like Maggie into silence ?
Oh that 's cute .
Really .
Because last time we checked , we 're the ones having to beg our neighbors to support basic fairness .
We 're the ones enduring the indignities of having our marriages personally attacked .
We 're the ones hearing elected leaders condemning us in our halls of power .
We 're the ones spending Valentine 's Day protesting rather than planning our overcommercialized night of message hearts and Anne Hathaway rom-coms .
We 're the ones who have to pause our lives to fight against this historical embarrassment !
And again : If Maggie had her way , she 'd turn the peace - loving kids in this writer 's life into adults who'd vote against a marriage that they so easily and lovingly embrace .
That 's not embarrassing :
It 's reprehensible .
And Maggie deserves to be called out for this , the immeasurable harm that she is causing in the name of " family protection ' !
Your thoughts
Our nieces and nephews , who have grown up with us being a couple , are horrified we might not show up at their weddings .
We always tease them a bit and tell them we should n't be there since we can't be married .
Every one of them have yelled , " YOU GUYS HAVE TO BE THERE ! "
Posted by : Gus | Feb 16 , 2010 4:52:25 PM
The Gagger knows that the under 35 crowd is overwhelmingly in support of their LGBT neighbors , and that the only way that her hatemongering can continue into the future is if they start raising a new generation of supremacists now .
It more than likely is way too little , and way too late to ignite the flames on those future crosses , but you 've gotta give her some credit for trying .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Feb 16 , 2010 10:41:37 PM
I totally agree with the last part of Mrs. Srivastav 's statement , " We need to raise them as well to be and to value being good husbands and wives , because children need moms and dads they can count on . "
I 've had this conversation with my brothers and sisters - in - law .
They will raise my nieces and nephews to be good husbands , wives , moms and dads , in whatever forms of relationships develop for each of these individuals .
They will be loved and supported whether they are straight gay , bisexual , transgendered or whatever .
We call this family values , Mrs. Srivastav , get some .
Posted by : sammyseattle | Feb 17 , 2010 4:02:43 AM
So , by the subtitle of her own book , Maggie apparently wants everybody other than heterosexuals to be sadder , sicker , and worse off financially ?
Posted by : Dan T. | Feb 17 , 2010 1:15:00 PM
Dan :
That always gets me , too .
And it 's not just Maggie : Focus on the Family routinely puts out studies about how much better off married people supposedly are ( financially , emotionally , etc ) right next to their pieces attacking LGBT unions .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Feb 17 , 2010 1:20:44 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Herman and Lily 's 100th wedding anniversary is fast approaching .
Thinking the other has completely forgotten about it , both of them withdraw $ 1,000 from their bank account , and both checks bounce .
Still wanting to surprise the other with an amazing gift , Herman and Lily individually acquire part time jobs at the Cleaver Employment Agency .
Working as welders at the Crosby Shipyards , but not recognizing each other on account of the heavy welder 's masks , Herman and Lily start flirting with each other .
Tensions rise as the couple simultaneously discover each others ' secret ' identity .
Long a fixture in comics anthologies , David Heatley 's deceptively crude , wickedly observant drawings have begun showing up on the New York Times op - ed pages and the cover of the New Yorker , introducing him to a vast new audience .
Now , in My Brain Is Hanging Upside Down ( title courtesy of the Ramones song ) , we are treated to the full range of Heatley 's remarkable , wildly unique voice and vision .
My Brain Is Hanging Upside Down is Heatley 's life story told in six different but connected narrative threads .
" Sex History " describes every sexual encounter dating back to kindergarten , with details that would make a therapist blush .
" Black History " is an unflinchingly honest meditation on his own racism .
" Portrait of My Mom " and " Portrait of My Dad " are beautifully paced vignettes , skewering and celebrating his lovably dysfunctional parents .
" Family History " tells the story of his family from his great - great - grandparents ' lives and closes with the birth of his own children .
Woven in and around the larger pieces are " dream comics " that expand on the same themes with a baffling unconscious logic .
Every inch of My Brain
Is Hanging Upside Down is filled with visceral art and emotionally resonant storytelling at once stunning , truthful , and uncomfortably hilarious .
Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends a meeting with Brazil 's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva ( not pictured ) in Jerusalem March 15 , 2010 .
Netanyahu rejected on Monday any curbs on Jewish settlement in and around Jerusalem , defying Washington in Israel 's deepening crisis with U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration .
UPI / Gil Cohen Magen / POOL | License Photo
JERUSALEM , March 17 ( UPI ) --
The brother - in - law of Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu said Wednesday President Barack Obama is no friend to Israel , calling him an anti-Semite .
Hagai Ben-Artzi , discussing the stinging U.S. criticism over Israel 's decision to build housing in east Jerusalem , said Netanyahu should follow his predecessors ' example and tell the United States to butt out , Ynetnews.com reported .
Advertisement
" Once the Americans tried to intervene in anything related to Jerusalem we told them one simple word : ' No , ' " he said during an interview with Israel Army Radio .
" Jerusalem is the Israeli people 's capital and the capital of the state of Israel , and it is whole and united . "
Ben -Artzi said Obama dislikes Netanyahu and the people of Israel because he listened for years to sermons by the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , " who is anti-Semitic , anti-Israeli , and anti-Jewish . "
Netanyahu 's media adviser , Nir Hefez , said the prime minister opposed Ben-Artzi 's comments and deeply appreciated Obama 's commitment to Israel 's security , The Jerusalem Post said .
Obama broke ties in 2009 with Wright , his former pastor , and resigned his membership at Trinity United Church of Christ in Chicago , following widespread news accounts of racist and provocative remarks Wright had made .
" As a politician running for ( the ) presidency he had to hide it , " Ben-Artzi said , " but it comes out every time and I think we just have to say it plainly :
There is an anti-Semitic president in America . "
In a statement , Netanyahu 's office said this " is n't the first time the prime minister totally disagrees with the remarks of Mr. Ben- Artzi . "
( CNN ) -- Now that Conan O'Brien is out as " Tonight Show " host and Jay Leno is back in , Jimmy Fallon may have quietly positioned himself to be next in line to take the behind - the - desk throne .
As host of " Late Night , " still slated for 12:35 a.m. Monday through Friday , Fallon is exactly where O'Brien once was for 16 years : the follow - up to Jay Leno 's " Tonight Show . "
If history repeats itself , Fallon may be poised to take the " Tonight " baton as O'Brien did , though he would probably hope for better results .
The 35 - year - old comedian was brought into NBC 's late - night fold last March to take over O'Brien 's former post on " Late Night . "
Throughout the entire late - night battle at NBC , Fallon remained the silent new kid , keeping quiet even though the proposed negotiations affected his show as well .
NBC originally devised a scheme that would place " The Jay Leno Show " at 11:35 p.m. for a half hour , to be followed by " The Tonight Show " at 12:05 , which would knock Fallon back to 1:05 , a move that could have put a deep gash in the newcomer 's ratings .
" He was wise to stay out of it , and he did n't have much of a choice I do n't think .
He 's a small fish at NBC , " said Slantmagazine.com 's TV editor Sal Cinquemani .
" He 's like a little brother watching his siblings fight with his parents and to keep quiet was the classy thing to do . "
Even as O'Brien rode a ratings wave thanks to the shots he fired at the network , Fallon did n't use the open season on NBC to his advantage .
But , Cinquemani said , Fallon did n't have to .
At the end of the day , O'Brien 's exit is the best thing that could have come out of this mess for Fallon .
" This puts him in a better position than he was before , because he could now potentially be the host that follows on ' The Tonight Show , ' " Cinquemani said .
" It definitely works to his benefit , which is why he probably did n't say anything . "
As NBC tries to recover from the self - inflicted blow to its own brand , the best move for Fallon is to continue to stay quiet and wait and see what happens , said Stuart Levine , assistant managing editor of the entertainment trade publication , Variety .
" One thing in Jimmy 's favor is that he 's more well - known .
When Conan started , no one knew who he was .
People know Jimmy from ' Saturday Night Live , ' but I do n't think he 's turned [ that experience ] into being a talk - show host .
It takes time , " Levine said .
" But there 's no pressure on him at this point .
He should keep his head low , put on a good show and try not to worry about the ratings too much .
NBC wo n't touch late - night ; they need to worry about their prime time . "
Fallon 's in a position right now where the expectations are n't too high , said Kansas City Star television critic Aaron Barnhart , but that does n't mean people wo n't be watching for signs of success .
" He 's not expected to deliver a huge audience at that hour .
But he is expected to deliver a young audience , and that audience will be , in the overall scheme of things , the future audience of ' The Tonight Show , ' " Barnhart said .
" When Fallon graduates to ' Tonight ' -- which he's on a very smooth course to do -- he 'll have that expectation hanging over him . "
But by all accounts , from fans and nonfans alike , Fallon , an improv whiz who'd honed his skills co-anchoring ' SNL's ' " Weekend Update " alongside Tina Fey , still has a lot to prove before he 's ready to sit behind the " Tonight Show " desk .
" He can get there , but that sort of thing takes time .
As we say in our businesses , it 's the time in the rings , " said Judy Carter , founder of Comedy Workshop Productions in Los Angeles , California , and author of " The Comedy Bible . "
Like O'Brien , Fallon has roots in improvisation , she said , which means he 's a bit looser and can stay a step ahead of the joke , unlike Leno , whose comedic timing was honed doing stand - up .
" Fallon 's a very talented guy , " Carter added .
" When he did ' SNL ' and he did his sketches , they were funny and worked for ' SNL , ' but I think his commitment level to his comedy is going to have to be more confident .
[ Right now ] it looks to me like he 's wearing his father 's suits . "
Another issue is that Fallon has the tone and tenor that draws a younger crowd -- something in common with his " Late Night " predecessor , whose irreverence was faulted for failing to attract a more mature audience on " The Tonight Show . "
" If Conan did n't work , who 's to say Jimmy would ? "
Levine asked .
Yet there are some cards Fallon carries in his favor , Barnhart said , ones that O'Brien did n't have the luxury of possessing when he started his hosting gig in 1993 .
" Fallon 's contract is n't being torn up the way O'Brien 's was .
Conan had a really rocky start .
The contract he [ originally ] had was for one year and NBC tore that up about halfway through and subjected him to a series of about 13 - week renewals .
He had to agree to it or he'd be fired , " Barnhart said .
" Jimmy was never in that kind of hole with the network . "
Nonetheless , he added , " three or four years down the line , if he 's still not as compelling a personality as O'Brien , that 's a problem . "
Although Fallon 's positioned to be crowned the next " Tonight Show " host , in the end , it will really come down to how long Jay Leno stays -- for the second time around .
" It 's all about timing , " said Janette Barber , executive producer of " Rosie Radio " on Sirius satellite radio .
" Leno still has a huge effect on it -- if he fails , that tanks the spot itself . "
Barber , who personally adores Fallon -- " he 's charming , he 's adorable , he 's funny ... what 's not to like ? " she said -- thinks he may never even get a chance to helm " Tonight . "
" I think the franchise of ' The Tonight Show ' could be destroyed after this .
If Leno stays for 10 years , I think Fallon does have a chance to grow .
But if Leno only stays for another one or two years , I see them putting someone completely different in the slot , or the franchise goes away entirely , " Barber said .
The Comedy Workshop 's Carter agreed , saying that NBC " has boxed comedy in like royalty , and it 's antithetical to the whole essence of comedy .
I 'm pretty sure that this whole format is going to change because there 's going to be too much competition from cable .
They may do something really radical and go with someone who is n't white and male and in a suit . "
And even if NBC decides to hold on to " Tonight , " Barber said that right now , " Jimmy has the same problem Conan does : they 're innovative , edgy and they play to a younger crowd .
If NBC wants less edgy for ' Tonight , ' then they have a problem . "
Sarah Ferguson , Duchess of York , arrives for the amFAR ( The Foundation for AIDS Research ) annual gala to kick off Fashion Week in New York February 10 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Carlo Allegri
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - Sarah Ferguson , the Duchess of York , announced plans on Friday to deploy an army of mothers worldwide as part of an Internet - based network to connect women in need with people ready to help .
“ I will be the general uniting mothers all over the world , wherever they are , so that they can come and be listened to , ” Ferguson , who is known as Fergie , told reporters at the United Nations headquarters in New York .
“ A bossy general . ”
Ferguson ’s described it as the “ mothers ’ army initiative , ” which she said would be launched in September and based in New York .
She hopes to begin the network ’s work in Chile , which was hit late last month by a massive earthquake .
During an upcoming trip to the Latin American country , she said she plans to meet with mothers to discuss their most pressing needs and name “ lieutenants , ” -- Chilean women who can collect information on behalf of the network .
“ It ’s connecting the dots , ” Ferguson said .
“ But its really connecting already existing organizations to the people that need it , which is the women , and the mothers and the families on the street . ”
“ It ’s a supermarket for philanthropy , ” she said .
The goal of the plan would be to offer information about available services provided by governments , private non-governmental organizations , and U.N. groups , to women , whether they are victims of rape , abuse , poverty or otherwise in need of help .
Ferguson said the network was inspired by the village halls operated by women in the United Kingdom during the Second World War , which were distribution centers for basic necessities , like sugar and butter .
“ A mother in Palestine , right this very second , whose daughter goes missing , where does she call for help ? ” Ferguson said .
“ She can go online to the Mother ’s Army and there will be somebody that will be listening to her . ”
Styles On Trend
It ’s no question that the world is becoming a more casual place .
Here at Astor & Black , we ’re evolving and keeping up with the current style Read More
NBA Pro Hassan Whiteside Does Custom with A&B Fashion is his thing .
The center of the Portland Oregon Trailblazers , Hassan Whiteside chooses custom A&B for all of his style needs .
From jackets , to suits , Read More
Looks for Fall / Winter 2019 !
FALL / WINTER LOOK BOOKS ARE HERE !
It ’s that time of year again .
Cooler temps , leaves are changing and falling , and soon the ground will be covered in Read More
Spring Package Take Advantage Of Package Pricing On 2 Suits and 2 Jackets !
Choose any two suits and jackets from our Italian Private Label Collection and style Read More
Save Now On Loro Piana Packages !
OUR BIGGEST DISCOUNT YET ON LORO PIANA FABRIC BOLTS !
Read More
Spring - Summer 2018 Look Books
Check out the latest styles and fabrics in our SS18 Look Books .
Read More
FALL / WINTER 2017 LOOK BOOKS ARE HERE CLICK HERE TO VIEW Read More
THE SEASON OF LOOKS
Who does n’t love a closet of new clothing for the changing season ?
You know that feeling you get walking into the office Read More
New Fabrics Available Now ! Can You Handle It ?
Bold patterns , bright colors , summer weight fabrics , and as always , the classics .
Our Spring / Summer 2017 Look Books are here !
We invite Read More
TUAW ends this article about laptop batteries with this advice :
Never leave the machine plugged in all the time .
Laptops are meant to be portable .
Using it as a desktop that never runs on the battery will destroy your battery life .
Cycles are your friend .
Never letting the battery complete a cycle will greatly diminish your run-time .
Try to avoid charging the battery unless it ’s drained past 30 % .
Any time the battery drains past 50 % and charges more than 50 % counts as a cycle .
The farther you let it drain before the charge - the better its overall health will remain .
30 cycles in a year is not a good thing . ;)
Let the battery drain completely a few times a week .
Never let it sit for long periods of time without use .
Batteries need to be loved or else they wo n’t love you .
Most * of these tips are incorrect for the lithium - ion ( and , more recently , lithium - polymer ) batteries that are used in nearly every laptop manufactured in the last decade .
The “ memory effect ” , or the need to “ refresh ” or “ deep - cycle ” the battery by completely discharging before recharging , is stale knowledge from the time of NiCad and NiMH batteries .
Lithium -ion batteries do n’t suffer from the memory effect .
It ’s also not bad to leave your laptop plugged in .
In fact , it ’s a good thing to keep it plugged in whenever you do n’t need to be running on battery power .
* Update : Apple recommends that you run it on battery for a while at least once per month .
It ’s pretty difficult to own a laptop and not do this , but it is an edge case that some people achieve .
So I ’ll amend this :
You should n’t technically leave your laptop plugged in all the time , but you certainly do n’t need to deep - cycle it “ a few times a week ” as the TUAW post states .
Furthermore , the recommendation for monthly battery usage is n’t just for capacity preservation : it ’s mostly so the charge indicator can maintain accuracy as the battery ’s capacity decreases naturally over its lifespan .
With that said , here ’s how lithium - ion batteries behave .
Due to their chemistry , their capacity slowly diminishes with age .
Laptop batteries usually lose most of their useful capacity 2 - 3 years after manufacture ( not initial use ) .
The new lithium - polymer batteries in the MacBook Air and unibody MacBooks ( only the non-removable ones ) claim to have improved this , but it ’s too early to tell if these claims have merit .
Assume that most laptop batteries will need to be replaced after a few years .
If you use the laptop on battery power a lot , the battery lifespan will be shortened .
This “ wearing out ” effect is much less severe than with older battery technologies , but is still present .
This is why you should plug it in if it ’s convenient .
When plugged in , the battery is not in use .
The laptop ’s power circuitry bypasses the battery unless it ’s needed .
Depending on how smart the charger is , it may occasionally poll and “ top off ” the battery if its charge decreases to a certain threshold below 100 % , but this is rarely needed in practice .
If the battery is not in use , it will slowly lose its charge due to all rechargeable batteries ’ tendency to slowly self - discharge .
Lithium-ion and lithium - polymer batteries have the lowest self - discharge rates of any common battery technology , estimated at less than 1 % per month and difficult to distinguish from the loss of capacity with age .
In reality , if your laptop is closed , the battery slowly discharges with time because it ’s not really “ off ” .
A small amount of continuous power is needed to preserve the RAM ’s state during sleep .
It ’s not the battery wearing out — it ’s being used , but much more slowly than when the computer ’s in use .
When Apple decides whether a battery is defective or has been worn out normally , the “ special utility ” they run is System Profiler .
You can run it , too .
Check the Power section , and it ’ll tell you your battery ’s cycle count , the intended capacity at manufacture , and how much capacity per cycle remains .
Apple technicians compare the cycle count to the capacity loss .
If your battery has lost a lot of capacity in its first year but has n’t performed enough cycles to reasonably correlate to the capacity loss , they ’ll replace it under warranty .
(* Reynold 's theorem states that there are no set theoretic models of System F * System F can be intepreted in impredicative set .
Thus impredicative set * plus functional extentionality plus Streicher 's axiom K has no set theoretic * models .
This is all well known .
*) Definition T ( x: Set ) : Set := ( x -> bool ) -> bool .
Definition map ( a b: Set ) ( f : a -> b ) ( m : T a ) : T b := fun c => m ( fun x => c ( f x ) ) .
Definition P : Set := forall k: Set , ( T k -> k ) -> k. Definition rho ( A : Set ) ( f : T A -> A ) ( p: P ) : A := p A f. Definition H ( q:T P ) : P := fun k f => f ( map P k ( rho k f ) q ) .
Lemma rho_comm : forall
A f x , f ( map _ _ ( rho A f ) x ) = ( rho A f ) ( H x ) . compute .
reflexivity .
Qed. Definition P ' := {p : P | forall ( A B : Set ) ( a : A -> B ) ( f1 : T A -> A ) ( f2 : T B -> B ) , ( forall x , a ( f1 x ) = f2 ( map A B a x ) ) -> rho B f2 p = a ( rho A f1 p ) }. Require Import FunctionalExtensionality .
Definition J ( x : P' ) : P := let ( y , _ ) := x in y. Definition H' ( q:T P ' ) : P'. intros q. exists ( H ( map P' P J q ) ) .
intros .
assert ( HJ : forall x , ( rho B f2 ( J x ) ) = a ( rho A f1 ( J x ) ) ) .
intros [ x ' Hx ' ] . simpl. apply Hx '. apply H0 . unfold rho at 1 . unfold H at 1 . unfold rho at 2 . unfold H at 1 . rewrite H0 . unfold map . apply f_equal .
extensionality x. apply f_equal .
extensionality y. apply f_equal .
apply HJ .
Defined .
Definition rho ' ( A : Set ) f ( x : P ' ) : A := rho A f ( J x ) .
Definition rho0 ' ( x : P ' ) := rho ' P' H' x.
Lemma rho0 '_comm : forall x , H' ( map P' P' rho0 ' x ) = rho0 ' ( H' x ) .
Proof. reflexivity .
Qed. Lemma ThreeA : forall A ( f : T A -> A ) ( theta : P ' -> A ) , ( forall x , f ( map P ' A theta x ) = theta ( H' x ) ) -> forall z , rho '
A f z = theta ( rho0 ' z ) .
Proof. intros A f theta Hf [ z Hz ] .
simpl in *. unfold rho in Hz. apply Hz. symmetry .
apply Hf. Qed. Lemma ThreeB : forall A ( f : T A -> A ) ( theta : P ' ->
A ) x , f ( map P ' A ( rho ' A f ) x ) = rho ' A f ( H ' x ) .
Proof. reflexivity .
Qed. Lemma rho0 ' _idemp : forall x , rho0 ' ( rho0 ' x ) = rho0 ' x. symmetry .
apply ThreeA. reflexivity .
Qed. Definition P'' := {p | rho0 ' p = p}. Definition Gamma ( x : P' ) : P''. intros x. exists ( rho0 ' x ) . apply rho0 '_idemp .
Defined .
Definition Kappa ( x : P' ' ) : P' := let ( y , _ ) := x in y. Definition H'' ( q:T P'' ) : P'' := Gamma ( H' ( map P '' P' Kappa q ) ) .
Definition rho '' ( A : Set ) f ( x : P ' ' ) : A := rho ' A f ( Kappa x ) .
Lemma KappaGamma : ( fun x => Kappa( Gamma x ) ) = rho0 '.
extensionality x. reflexivity .
Qed. Require Eqdep. Lemma GammaKappa : forall x , Gamma ( Kappa x ) = x. intros [ x Hx ] . simpl in *. unfold Gamma . generalize ( rho0 ' _idemp x ) .
rewrite Hx. intros e. replace e with Hx. reflexivity .
apply Eqdep.EqdepTheory .UIP .
Qed. Lemma F : forall x , Kappa ( H '' x ) = H' ( map P '' P' Kappa x ) .
Proof. intros x. unfold H''. change ( rho0 ' ( H' ( map P '' P' Kappa x ) ) = H' ( map P '' P' Kappa x ) ) .
rewrite <- rho0 '_comm .
rewrite <- KappaGamma .
change ( H' ( map P '' P ' ( fun x0 : P '' => Kappa ( Gamma ( Kappa x0 ) ) ) x ) = H' ( map P '' P' Kappa x ) ) .
replace ( fun x0 : P '' => Kappa ( Gamma ( Kappa x0 ) ) ) with Kappa .
reflexivity .
symmetry .
extensionality y. rewrite GammaKappa. reflexivity .
Qed. Lemma Gish : forall x , Gamma ( H' x ) = H'' ( map P ' P '' Gamma x ) .
Proof. intros x. rewrite <- ( GammaKappa ( Gamma ( H' x ) ) ) .
change ( Kappa ( Gamma ( H' x ) ) ) with ( rho0 ' ( H' x ) ) .
rewrite <- rho0 '_comm .
rewrite <- KappaGamma . change ( map P' P ' ( fun x0 : P ' => Kappa ( Gamma x0 ) ) x ) with ( map _ _ Kappa ( map _ _ Gamma x ) ) .
rewrite <- F. rewrite GammaKappa. reflexivity .
Qed. Lemma D1 : forall A ( f : T A -> A ) ( theta : P '' -> A ) , ( forall x , f ( map P '' A ( fun x => theta x ) x ) = theta ( H '' x ) ) -> forall z , rho ' '
A f z = theta z. Proof. intros A f theta H0 z. unfold rho ''.
rewrite ( ThreeA A f ( fun x => theta ( Gamma x ) ) ) .
rewrite <- KappaGamma. do 2 rewrite GammaKappa . reflexivity .
intros x. change ( map P' A ( fun x0 : P ' => theta ( Gamma x0 ) ) x ) with ( map _ _ ( fun x0 : P '' => theta x0 ) ( map _ _ Gamma x ) ) .
rewrite H0 . apply f_equal .
symmetry .
apply Gish .
Qed. Lemma D2 : forall
A f x , f ( map P '' A ( rho ' ' A f ) x ) = ( rho ' ' A f ( H '' x ) ) .
Proof. intros A f x. unfold rho ''. rewrite F. reflexivity .
Qed. Definition G'' ( x : P' ' ) : T P '' := rho '' ( T P '' ) ( map ( T P ' ' ) P '' H'' ) x .
Lemma TGH : forall x , ( G ' ' ( H '' x ) ) = map _ _ H'' ( map _ _ G '' x ) .
Proof. symmetry .
apply D2 . Qed. Lemma is o1 : forall x , ( H ' ' ( G '' x ) ) = x. intros x. transitivity ( rho ' ' P '' H'' x ) .
symmetry .
change ( H '' ( G '' x ) ) with ( ( fun x => ( H '' ( G '' x ) ) ) x ) .
apply D1. intros y. rewrite TGH .
reflexivity .
change ( rho ' ' P '' H'' x = ( fun x => x ) x ) .
apply D1. intros y. reflexivity .
Qed. Lemma is o2 : forall x , ( G ' ' ( H '' x ) ) = x. Proof. intros x. rewrite TGH .
change ( map _ _ ( fun x => H'' ( G '' x ) ) x = x ) .
replace ( fun x => ( H '' ( G '' x ) ) ) with ( fun x : P ' ' => x ) .
extensionality y. unfold map . apply f_equal .
extensionality z. reflexivity .
extensionality y. symmetry .
apply is o1 . Qed. Record ReynoldsStatement := { A : Set ; f : ( ( A -> bool ) -> bool ) -> A ; g : A -> ( A -> bool ) -> bool ; is oA : forall x , f ( g x ) = x ; is oB : forall x , g ( f x ) = x }. Theorem Reynolds : ReynoldsStatement . exists P'' H'' G ' '. apply is o1. apply is o2 .
Defined .
A Government that was elected in 1997 not least to improve the lot of the poorest in society has failed totally to do any such thing .
It has failed to educate them properly , either to get decent jobs or to be decent parents and citizens .
It has smothered them with welfare that is as expensive as it is destructive .
It has chosen not to eradicate a pernicious drugs problem that is the root of most crime and social breakdown .
It has sustained , almost to the point of celebrating , the non-traditional , dysfunctional family .
A society can never eliminate its savages and barbarians , but it should , when it is so prosperous as ours , be able to make a reasonable fist of reducing their incidence and the damage they do .
In this 12th year of a government pledged to serve the poor , the depravity and the breakdown among our underclass is as rife as it ever was in Dickens ' time .
And that shames the people who rule us .
NEWARK --
The New Jersey Nets would play at the Prudential Center for at least the next two years while the Izod Center in the Meadowlands will get more concert and family show bookings under the deal that is close to being signed , according to a report in The Record .
The report said the deal would include the creation of Jersey Presents LLC between the owners of the Prudential Center and the Izod Center .
Jerry Zaro , Gov. Jon Corzine ’s economic czar , told the newspaper “ You ca n’t have two venues that close together fighting each other and have that be productive for the state .
The governor recognized that this was going to be a festering wound . "
Under the deal , the report said the Prudential Center would become New Jersey 's prime sports venue -- home to Nets pro basketball , New Jersey Devils hockey , Seton Hall University basketball , indoor pro soccer and indoor pro lacrosse .
The city of Newark would reportedly get more than $ 2 million in back rent from the Devils .
• N.J. Nets pack preseason at Newark 's Prudential Center with ticket giveaways , discounts
• NJ Nets warming to the idea of a move to the Prudential Center
• Downtown Newark Interactive Map
• New Jersey Nets page
“ VIOLENT psychopath ” ( 21,700 ) .
“ Psychopathic serial killer ” ( 14,700 ) .
“ Psychopathic murderer ” ( 12,500 ) .
“ Deranged psychopath ” ( 1,050 ) .
We have all heard these phrases before , and the number of Google hits following them in parentheses attests to their currency in popular culture .
Yet as we will soon discover , each phrase embodies a widespread misconception regarding psychopathic personality , often called psychopathy ( pronounced “ sigh - COP - athee ” ) or sociopathy .
Indeed , few disorders are as misunderstood as is psychopathic personality .
In this column , we will do our best to set the record straight and dispel popular myths about this condition .
Charming but Callous
First described systematically by Medical College of Georgia psychiatrist Hervey M. Cleckley in 1941 , psychopathy consists of a specific set of personality traits and behaviors .
Superficially charming , psychopaths tend to make a good first impression on others and often strike observers as remarkably normal .
Yet they are self - centered , dishonest and undependable , and at times they engage in irresponsible behavior for no apparent reason other than the sheer fun of it .
Largely devoid of guilt , empathy and love , they have casual and callous interpersonal and romantic relationships .
Psychopaths routinely offer excuses for their reckless and often outrageous actions , placing blame on others instead .
They rarely learn from their mistakes or benefit from negative feedback , and they have difficulty inhibiting their impulses .
Not surprisingly , psychopaths are overrepresented in prisons ; studies indicate that about 25 percent of inmates meet diagnostic criteria for psychopathy .
Nevertheless , research also suggests that a sizable number of psychopaths may be walking among us in everyday life .
Some investigators have even speculated that “ successful psychopaths ” — those who attain prominent positions in society — may be overrepresented in certain occupations , such as politics , business and entertainment .
Yet the scientific evidence for this intriguing conjecture is preliminary .
Most psychopaths are male , although the reasons for this sex difference are unknown .
Psychopathy seems to be present in both Western and non-Western cultures , including those that have had minimal exposure to media portrayals of the condition .
In a 1976 study anthropologist Jane M. Murphy , then at Harvard University , found that an isolated group of Yupik - speaking Inuits near the Bering Strait had a term ( kunlangeta ) they used to describe “ a man who … repeatedly lies and cheats and steals things and … takes sexual advantage of many women — someone who does not pay attention to reprimands and who is always being brought to the elders for punishment . ”
When Murphy asked an Inuit what the group would typically do with a kunlangeta , he replied , “ Somebody would have pushed him off the ice when nobody else was looking . ”
The best - established measure of psychopathy , the Psychopathy Checklist - Revised ( PCL - R ) , developed by University of British Columbia psychologist Robert D. Hare , requires a standardized interview with subjects and an examination of their file records , such as their criminal and educational histories .
Analyses of the PCL - R reveal that it comprises at least three overlapping , but separable , constellations of traits : interpersonal deficits ( such as grandiosity , arrogance and deceitfulness ) , affective deficits ( lack of guilt and empathy , for instance ) , and impulsive and criminal behaviors ( including sexual promiscuity and stealing ) .
Three Myths
Despite substantial research over the past several decades , popular misperceptions surrounding psychopathy persist .
Here we will consider three of them .
1 . All psychopaths are violent .
Research by psychologists such as Randall T. Salekin , now at the University of Alabama , indicates that psychopathy is a risk factor for future physical and sexual violence .
Moreover , at least some serial killers — for example , Ted Bundy , John Wayne Gacy and Dennis Rader , the infamous “ BTK ” ( Bind , Torture , Kill ) murderer — have manifested numerous psychopathic traits , including superficial charm and a profound absence of guilt and empathy .
Nevertheless , most psychopaths are not violent , and most violent people are not psychopaths .
In the days following the horrific Virginia Tech shootings of April 16 , 2007 , many newspaper commentators described the killer , Seung - Hui Cho , as “ psychopathic . ”
Yet Cho exhibited few traits of psychopathy : those who knew him described him as markedly shy , withdrawn and peculiar .
Regrettably , the current ( fourth , revised ) edition of the American Psychiatric Association ’s Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Text Revision ( DSM - IV - TR ) , published in 2000 , only reinforces the confusion between psychopathy and violence .
It describes a condition termed antisocial personality disorder ( ASPD ) , which is characterized by a longstanding history of criminal and often physically aggressive behavior , referring to it as synonymous with psychopathy .
Yet research demonstrates that measures of psychopathy and ASPD overlap only moderately .
2 . All psychopaths are psychotic .
In contrast to people with psychotic disorders , such as schizophrenia , who often lose contact with reality , psychopaths are almost always rational .
They are well aware that their ill - advised or illegal actions are wrong in the eyes of society but shrug off these concerns with startling nonchalance .
Some notorious serial killers referred to by the media as psychopathic , such as Charles Manson and David Berkowitz , have displayed pronounced features of psychosis rather than psychopathy .
For example , Manson claimed to be the reincarnation of Jesus Christ , and Berkowitz believed he was receiving commands from his neighbor Sam Carr ’s dog ( hence his adopted nickname “ Son of Sam ” ) .
In contrast , psychopaths are rarely psychotic .
3. Psychopathy is untreatable .
In the popular HBO series The Sopranos , the therapist ( Dr. Melfi ) terminated psychotherapy with Tony Soprano because her friend and fellow psychologist persuaded her that Tony , whom Dr. Melfi concluded was a classic psychopath , was untreatable .
Aside from the fact that Tony exhibited several behaviors that are decidedly nonpsychopathic ( such as his loyalty to his family and emotional attachment to a group of ducks that had made his swimming pool their home ) , Dr. Melfi ’s pessimism may have been unwarranted .
Although psychopaths are often unmotivated to seek treatment , research by psychologist Jennifer Skeem of the University of California , Irvine , and her colleagues suggests that psychopaths may benefit as much as nonpsychopaths from psychological treatment .
Even if the core personality traits of psychopaths are exceedingly difficult to change , their criminal behaviors may prove more amenable to treatment .
Psychopathy reminds us that media depictions of mental illness often contain as much fiction as fact .
Moreover , widespread misunderstandings of such ailments can produce unfortunate consequences — as Tony Soprano discovered shortly before the television screen went blank .
Former Canby police Officer Jason D. Deason pleaded guilty Wednesday to illegally possessing anabolic steroids and purchasing the drug while in uniform and on duty .
Deason will be sentenced on Feb. 25 in Clackamas County Circuit Court .
He faces a maximum sentence of three years for unlawful possession of a controlled substance and official misconduct .
Deputy District Attorney Michael
Wu said he will request 120 days in jail as part of plea agreement .
Deason 's attorney , Leonard Kovac Jr. , said he will seek a lesser sentence .
Deason , 39 , resigned from the police department in July 2008 .
One of Deason 's alleged suppliers , Canby resident William J. Traverso , will be tried on theft and unlawful possession of steroids charges on March 30 .
Nick Fry has resigned from the board of Mercedes Grand Prix which is now dominated by directors representing the team 's 45 % shareholder Daimler including its motorsport boss Norbert Haug .
Pitpass ' business editor , Chris Sylt , discovered the changes in company documentation ( pdf file ) which reveals that Fry 's appointment as a director was terminated on 26 January 2010 .
He has not been reappointed .
The documents also show the resignations of the majority of the team 's former management under its guise of Brawn GP .
Ross Brawn remains a director of the team but its lawyer Caroline McGrory has also resigned as a director along with its former finance director Nigel Kerr and two other directors John Marsden and Gordon Blair .
They were replaced by two other Daimler directors , Joachim Schmidt and Thomas Weber , as well as David Forbes and Mohamed Badawy Al Husseiny who represent the Aabar investment fund which owns 30 % of the team .
Despite leaving the board of the company which runs the team Fry is still its chief executive which is an extremely uncommon situation .
Although Mercedes says that " it is not a legal requirement for a CEO to be a statutory director under English Company law , " even the car manufacturer adds that " it is unusual . "
The simple reason for this is that only the directors are able to vote on proposals at board meetings and these are where some of the most important decisions about the team will be made .
As chief executive , Fry should be the most important person in the company 's leadership but he is not even guaranteed a vote at board meetings due to him not holding a board position .
Sylt says he has never come across such a situation in his ten years of covering thousands of companies in areas ranging from sport and leisure to transport and technology .
It remains to be seen whether this arrangement will be the best way for Mercedes to manage its investment in F1 .
The departure of the majority of Brawn 's former management indicates that they no longer hold equity in the team with the remaining 25 % believed to he held by Ross Brawn himself .
Company documents do not yet confirm this however , they do reveal how the shares were split between the management before the team was acquired by Mercedes and Aabar .
According to the documents , Brawn himself held 54 % of the team with 31 % in Fry 's hands , 8 % held by Kerr , 3 % by McGrory , a further 3 % by Marsden and 1 % in Gordon Blair 's name .
If the team was sold for $ 75 m ( £ 47.9 m ) , as has been widely reported , this would have given Brawn a £ 25.9 m payout ( if he fully sold his stake before reinvesting ) with Fry getting £ 14.9 m , Kerr receiving £ 3.8 m , £ 1.4 m going to McGrory , the same to Marsden and £ 470,000 to Blair .
For the past six months , fixing our flawed health care system has consumed our country 's politics .
In the course of the debate ( including the health care summit underway today ) , one of the few things that both sides can agree on is the potential for new technologies to improve the system .
And while technology can never do the job on its own , the money - saving potential is vast .
Here we 've gathered the most promising devices and processes -- ranging from simple tweaks of doctors ' most basic tools to advanced methods for drug production -- that could save our bloated system billions .
How to get a job
Note : to turn off these warnings you need to set the ' safe mode ' to OFF ( on the top right )
A simple spring clean turned into a $ 2.5 million bonus for a Melbourne woman when she found a five - month - old Tattslotto ticket on her desk .
The woman , from suburban Doncaster , bought the ticket for the Superdraw on September 12 last year but thought she had lost it .
" I was just doing some spring cleaning and came across a ticket clipped to some other paperwork by a bulldog clip , " the woman said .
" I knew West Doncaster News and Lotto had sold a division one winner , but I thought I had lost my ticket .
" Then I found it filed away yesterday and thought I 'd call Tatts to see if I 'd won anything .
I really had no idea that it was the actual winning ticket . "
She is one of two division one winners from that draw .
The woman plans to share some of her win with her family and put the rest in a term deposit to give herself time to think about what to do with her unexpected windfall .
" I lead a simple life and I intend to keep it that way , " she said .
In May 2009 , a Melbourne grandmother discovered that a Tattslotto ticket she had been carrying in her handbag for almost five months had won more than $ 1.3 million .
- AAP
BENEFIT NIGHT
Waihopai ( NZ ) Ploughshares
* FOR BRISABANE ( OR CLOSE ) FOLKS :
We are having a benefit night on FRIDAY 26th Feb at BlackStar coffee shop 44 Thomas St West End .
Hope you can make it .
Jim Dowling *******************************************
* LOCAL MUSICIANS * SLAM POETRY * SHORT FILM * GREAT COFFEE , FOOD AVAILABLE * SALE OF JEFF SIMMONDS CD “ LETS SHUT DOWN WAIHOPAI ” * Free admission *
They shall beat their swords into ploughshares , their spears into pruning hooks ; nation shall not lift sword against nation ; and there shall be no more training for war .
Isaiah 2/
4
At 6 am on the morning of 30 April 2008 , three members of a New Zealand Ploughshares group entered the Waihopai spy base and used sickles to deflate one of the two 30 metre domes covering satellite interception dishes .
They then built a shrine and prayed for the victims of the war with no end – the so - called ‘ War on Terror ’ led by the United States government which also controls the NZ taxpayer funded Waihopai base .
The government claimed damages were over a million dollars .
The Waihopi spy base is part of the US ECHELON system and gathers satellite intelligence for US wars of aggression in Iraq and Afghanistan .
On March 8th the three go to trial , and face possible jail sentences .
All money made from this night will go towards expenses of the Waihopai Three trial .
For more information phone : Jim 3425 3003
By Divya Talwar
BBC Asian Network
A growing number of young Muslims in the UK are entering marriages that are not legally recognised , BBC Asian Network has found .
This is because couples are having an Islamic wedding without the civil ceremony needed for the marriage to be recognised under British law .
Ms Khan says unregistered Muslim marriages are on the increase Shaheeda Khan married her fiance in a traditional Islamic religious ceremony , the nikah , at her home in Birmingham .
After the wedding the couple moved to London where they started to build a life and home together but , 13 months into the marriage , Shaheeda realised that her nikah was not legally valid .
'' I had to show a marriage certificate when I was enrolling at university .
It was then I realised I did n't have one and it came as a big shock to me , " she said .
Shaheeda , whose name has been changed to protect her identity , said she asked her husband to register their marriage but he was against the idea .
A few months later she came home and found that the locks to her front door had been changed and that she had been thrown out of her home .
" I was homeless .
I took legal action but I got nothing , " explained Shaheeda .
" I had been paying the mortgage on our home but the house was not in my name so I lost everything . ''
Eventually , Shaheeda moved back home with her family .
'' It was as though the marriage had never happened .
It was the worst time of my life , '' she added .
Widespread Family lawyer Aina Khan says that she is dealing with an increasing number of cases like Shaheeda's .
" It 's a rising trend for Muslim couples to have marriages that are not legally recognised , " explained Ms Khan .
'' The problem is extremely widespread and it's an increasing timebomb because it 's affecting mostly young Muslims , who are under 30 or in their early 30s . ''
Ms Khan says that the individuals have no legal marital rights if the marriage ends or if a partner dies .
I know of cases where men have taken on several wives because they have just had the nikah with each partner
Dr Ghayasuddin Siddiqui
She said : '' My colleagues and I are having to deal with hundreds of cases where things have gone wrong because the wedding has not been registered .
" Because the couples only have co-habitant rights , it is extremely expensive and complicated to use the law to get the individuals any justice once the marriage ends . ''
Dr Ghayasuddin Siddiqui , the head of Britain 's Muslim Parliament , says the lives of many Muslim women are being ruined because their Islamic marriages are not legally recognised .
'' It is a major problem in the community , " insisted Dr Siddiqui .
" But it is very difficult to put an exact figure on the scale of this because there are no statistics .
It could be in its hundreds if not thousands . "
Shaista Gohir is the head of the UK's Muslim Women 's Network .
She says the problem arises , in some cases , out of ignorance as many young Muslims believe that the nikah is legally binding .
'' If a couple has a nikah in a Muslim country then the marriage is recognised under UK law .
But many do not realise that this is not the case if the nikah is conducted in this country , '' she explained .
However , Ms Gohir said , some couples preferred to wait and " test out " the marriage before they had their civil ceremony .
Exploited This was something Leicester couple Saila and Riaz Choudary , both 25 , wanted to do .
They had their Nikah before waiting more than a year until their civil marriage .
'' I wanted to be sure before I committed to the civil ceremony , '' said Saila .
'' A divorce costs a lot of money and I wanted to avoid all that hassle if the marriage did n't end up working . ''
Ms Gohir says many couples say they will register their marriage later , but later never comes .
Dr Siddiqiui added that he believed some Muslim women were being exploited as their partners promised them a civil wedding after the nikah only to refuse to go ahead with it .
'' This allows Muslim men to control their wives because they can threaten to leave them and end the Islamic marriage by just saying the words ' divorce , divorce divorce ' to her , '' he said .
Riaz and Saila both agreed to wait to get a civil ceremony '' It also enables some men to commit polygamy .
I know of cases where men have taken on several wives because they have just had the nikah with each partner . ''
He wants Muslim women to protect themselves by always having a civil ceremony before the nikah and is also calling for all mosques to become registered to conduct civil marriages .
This would then allow the couple to have the nikah and registry at the same time under one roof .
'' The problem is that only a handful of mosques across the country are registering themselves , " said Dr Siddiqiui .
'' I do n't know why this is the case because it is very simple to do - all they need to do is fill out a form .
'' Religious leaders must take a bigger responsibility to protect many Muslim women who are unnecessarily suffering . ''
You can hear more at 1230 and 1800 GMT on the BBC's Asian Network Reports radio show or via the BBC iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Click
Here to see more FREE pics from Lusted I 've always been a big fan of sites that offer you exclusive pictures and videos of fresh faces instead of the professional models you can find on a lot of other sites out there .
Other people prefer the pornstar types .
Lusted is the first site I 've been to that offers both .
They use some of the cutest young pornstars while still getting many fresh faces that I 've never seen before .
Check out their site , I think you 'll like what you see .
The presidential debate commission says it will soon adopt changes to its format to avoid a repeat of the disjointed first meeting between President Donald Trump and Democrat Joe Biden .
9 hours ago
In another blow to Google ’s plan to create a giant digital library and bookstore , the Justice Department on Thursday said that a class - action settlement between the company and groups representing authors and publishers had significant legal problems , even after recent revisions .
In a 31 - page filing that could influence a federal judge ’s ruling on the settlement , the department said the new agreement was much improved from an earlier version .
But it said the changes were not enough to placate concerns that the deal would grant Google a monopoly over millions of orphan works , meaning books whose right holders are unknown or cannot be found .
The department also indicated that the revised agreement , like its predecessor , appeared to run afoul of authors ’ copyrights and was too broad in scope .
The revised agreement “ suffers from the same core problem as the original agreement : it is an attempt to use the class - action mechanism to implement forward - looking business arrangements that go far beyond the dispute before the court in this litigation , ” the department wrote .
Nintendo was on a Gamecube Wii - make spree last year with their slate of New Play Control games .
Things have since slowed down , but maybe Eternal Darkness will get a second chance on the market .
If you missed it , Eternal Darkness was a survival horror game from Silicon Knights that covered Ancient Rome to present day .
When Alexandra read the Eternal Darkness book she relived the life of others that picked up the book .
Eternal Darkness ’ most memorable feature was the sanity system , which made blood drip from the screen and broke the fourth wall by pretending to delete your save file .
The rights to the term Eternal Darkness lapsed , but Nintendo re-registered the game ’s name in North America on February 10 , 2010 .
This may be Nintendo simply protecting the term or perhaps Eternal Darkness is about to make a comeback either in sequel form or as a New Play Control Wii-make .
Application provides golfers all the information about a golf course and how to get there .
An extensive collection of over 22,000 golf courses across North America provides golfers with all the necessary information about a particular golf course
Application provides golfers all the information about a golf course and how to get there .
An extensive collection of over 22,000 golf courses across North America provides golfers with all the necessary information about a particular golf course
Payquiqr provides a novel way to make contactless mobile payments without new hardware while bringing customers together with their favorite merchants .
App does n’t use RFID or Bluetooth scanners which makes Payquiqr available for all types of commerce where a mobile user has an internet connection .
Payquiqr provides a novel way to make contactless mobile payments without new hardware while bringing customers together with their favorite merchants .
App does n’t use RFID or Bluetooth scanners which makes Payquiqr available for all types of commerce where a mobile user has an internet connection .
Application allows the user to manage , control and administer a single or multiple Amazon Web Services accounts .
The user is able to launch / terminate / modify any existing EC2 instances in a selectable region , and do the same for AWS ’s RDS , ELB , EIP , S3 , SDS and EBS products .
The app also provides graphical charts and snapshots of any instances that have AWS CloudWatch enabled .
Application allows the user to manage , control and administer a single or multiple Amazon Web Services accounts .
The user is able to launch / terminate / modify any existing EC2 instances in a selectable region , and do the same for AWS ’s RDS , ELB , EIP , S3 , SDS and EBS products .
The app also provides graphical charts and snapshots of any instances that have AWS CloudWatch enabled .
Application is the best tool to use to compliment your home or apartment hunting experience .
The app ’s main purpose is to help you select the home that meets your needs .
The app is best suited for when you are going to open houses , touring apartments , etc .
Application is the best tool to use to compliment your home or apartment hunting experience .
The app ’s main purpose is to help you select the home that meets your needs .
The app is best suited for when you are going to open houses , touring apartments , etc .
Inspire your life with Goal Achiever , a life changing application .
Keep track of your goals and the ability to remind yourself anywhere and anytime of what you want to do in life and when you want to do it .
Start a business , travel Europe , learn the guitar , get fit , buy a house , a sports car or even fall in love .
Inspire your life with Goal Achiever , a life changing application .
Keep track of your goals and the ability to remind yourself anywhere and anytime of what you want to do in life and when you want to do it .
Start a business , travel Europe , learn the guitar , get fit , buy a house , a sports car or even fall in love .
Horse Exercises is a great informational starting point for all horse owners .
In this app you will learn to stretch your horse from the ground and also on his back to warm him up .
There are several great pattern exercises that you can do to improve your riding skills .
Horse Exercises is a great informational starting point for all horse owners .
In this app you will learn to stretch your horse from the ground and also on his back to warm him up .
There are several great pattern exercises that you can do to improve your riding skills .
PrepMunch has been designed to deliver SAT video - based learning to your mobile device .
You can take SAT practice tests , watch SAT learning - videos or review SAT flashcards on your iPhone .
Everything that you can do online can also be done on your mobile device .
PrepMunch has been designed to deliver SAT video - based learning to your mobile device .
You can take SAT practice tests , watch SAT learning - videos or review SAT flashcards on your iPhone .
Everything that you can do online can also be done on your mobile device .
With over 300 apps already completed and delivered , we feel confident in calling ourselves an awe - inspiring iPhone application development company .
Please take a moment and share your idea with us and we will get you an exquisite app made - to - order specially for you .
Our iPhone app development wing is supremely talented and will assist you right from brainstorming your idea to the day we publish your app on iTunes App Store .
Our Services include :
At $ 2.99 – a single app does n’t generate much revenue .
But when you times that by the number of people who visit the App Store daily , you could be pulling in hundreds of thousands from a simple entertainment app .
i Phone users enjoy their revolutionary device for a few key reasons : it ’s modern , sophisticated , and exciting .
That ’s why we enjoy making high quality apps which have real uses and functions .
Whether its for entertainment , business , or just for fun – our theory is to make it smart , clever , and relevant .
Apple has extremely strict guidelines as to which apps will be accepted for listing in the App Store , and which wo n’t .
To give you an idea of our skills , 100 % of the iPhone apps designed by our team have been accepted for sale in the app store – first time round .
Unsure how much users might be willing to pay for your app ?
Our market research allows us to offer you an indicative price to maximise profit .
Talk to us about our App Store pricing strategy today .
Want do develop an iPhone apps ?
Talk to us !
If you are an iPhone apps enthusiast , a person driven by iPhone apps and you have a potential idea which you think can be turned into an app and can do wonders .
But you do n’t know what is the exact process required for iPhone apps development .
No problem , we can help you .
If you ’re a business owner and you ’re looking for a software solution that can help you manage your business using your iPhone or you feel that an iPhone app would prove to be a very useful medium to offer your services and increase your customer base .
Again , we can help you .
Elan Emerging Technologies has a proven team backing development process .
The iPhone app developers in the team are very talented to develop an iPhone application for any popular categories like business , travel , entertainment , education , geo-location , lifestyle , shopping apps on iOS Platforms .
With experienced leaders guiding the development team , we can churn out glistering apps which uses the brilliant aesthetics and the popular retina display of the iPhone up - to its fullest .
We have successfully delivered hundreds of apps for our clients worldwide .
We assist our clients with every aspect of iPhone application development process starting with initiating strategy and necessary brainstorming till the submission of the app on App Store .
Our main development process include steps like drafting a functional specifications document , blueprinting / wire - framing the app ’s interface , designing a suitable UI / UX & developing a prototype version .
Apart from that we also provide app marketing and its SEO marketing related services to help you maximize the reach of your app .
Apart from that we can also create something for Enterprise , Small Businesses and individuals .
Once the app is published and is live on App Store , we provide a warranty service period where we assist the clients if they face any difficulties regarding the app .
Once the warranty period is over we continue providing the support based on a retainer fee as mutually agreed upon with the client .
So , you ’ve got something in your mind , talk to us .
We ’d be glad to hear from you and discuss your requirements .
In an interview in late December with American Urban Radio Networks , a group of black - owned stations , Mr. Obama conceded that there was “ grumbling ” among African - Americans , especially about his jobs policies .
But he rejected the idea that he should pay special attention to them  an argument that Earl Ofari Hutchinson , a black author and political analyst , called “ disingenuous at best , and an insult at worst . ”
Mr. Obama framed it this way : “ I ca n’t pass laws that say I ’m just helping black folks .
I ’m the president of the United States .
What I can do is make sure that I am passing laws that help all people , particularly those who are most vulnerable and most in need .
That in turn is going to help lift up the African - American community . ”
Until now , black leaders have tended to tread lightly in criticizing Mr. Obama , and some find it painful .
Black Americans remain overwhelmingly supportive of Mr. Obama ; a recent ABC News poll found that 96 percent approve of his job performance .
But Elinor Tatum , the editor and publisher of the black - owned Amsterdam News , says that if blacks were asked “ Is he doing a good job for African - Americans ? ” his numbers would be lower .
Image President Obama delivered remarks on Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. during services at the Vermont Avenue Baptist Church in Washington last month .
Credit ... Luke Sharrett / The New York Times
“ Every time someone brings up an issue that affects blacks , he says that ’s an issue that affects all of America , ” Ms. Tatum said .
“ But at the same time , if he were of a different race or ethnicity , he would be playing to the black community .
So there ’s a double standard there .
Should we be the victims in that ? ”
The conventional wisdom about Mr. Obama is that he tries to duck the issue of race , but close advisers say he is acutely aware of his role as the first African - American president and is trying to heighten racial sensitivity in constructive ways .
You do n't think twice about buying a chocolate bar , gum or soft drink from a vending machine .
But clothing ?
Canadian retailer Mark's Work Wearhouse is quietly experimenting with vending machines at two sites .
If successful , the clothier intends to roll out more in locations around the country .
The machines were installed in December , in the GO Transit bus terminal next to Union Station and the William Osler Health Centre in Brampton .
And while many consumers are n't sure yet what to make of them , Robin Lynas , vice - president of corporate development for Mark's , says both have chalked up some sales .
" I 'd love to have 100 of them , " says Lynas .
The placements are meant , in part , to raise awareness of the Mark 's brand but also to generate sales in new locations .
" The theory is to be in more places , and places consumers may not have expected to see us , " Lynas said .
While it 's not unusual in Japan , or even India , to see everything from iPods to diamond rings sold this way , Mark 's believes it 's the first retailer in Canada to sell clothing through vending machines .
" In fact , we know there are very few concepts like this in the world , " Lynas said .
The hospital machine dispenses everything from nurse 's scrubs to loungewear , while the Union Station machine has toques , umbrellas and mittens .
Lynas sees future applications in arenas offering items like gloves and hockey tape .
The prices for Mark 's merchandise are the same as in its stores or online .
The machines accept debit and credit cards but not cash , partly to deter looting , Lynas explained .
The project was two years in the making , with Mark 's partnering with IBM Canada to develop special dispensers to handle its merchandise .
The machines are equipped with sensors that send a wireless alert when the shelves need restocking .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The design of the vending machines does need tweaking , Lynas said , to make it more apparent to passersby what 's on offer .
The Mark 's deal with IBM restricts how and when the concept can be marketed to other retailers .
HB FRANKFURT / MAIN .
Im Streit über den Ankauf von Steuersünder - Daten kommt aus der Schweiz nun die Drohung , bislang geheime Konten von deutschen Politikern und Amtsträgern zu veröffentlichen .
„ Falls Deutschland gestohlene Bankdaten kauft , werden wir auf eine Gesetzesänderung hinarbeiten , dass sämtliche Schweizer Konten von deutschen Personen , die öffentliche Ämter bekleiden , offengelegt werden “ , wird der schweizerische Nationalrat Alfred Heer von der „ Bild “ - Zeitung zitiert .
Heer ,
Chef der einflussreichen konservativen SVP im Kanton Zürich und Präsident des Bundes der Steuerzahler Schweiz , erklärte dem Bericht zufolge , es gebe Hinweise , dass zahlreiche deutsche Politiker und Richter in Liechtenstein und der Schweiz Konten oder Stiftungen unterhielten .
„ Die ersten Informationen darüber werden uns schon angeboten “ , wird Heer zitiert .
Nach Nordrhein - Westfalen will auch Baden - Württemberg eine Steuer - CD mit Daten potenzieller Steuersünder kaufen , wie Bundesfinanzminister Wolfgang Schäuble in der „ Frankfurter Rundschau “ ankündigte .
Es liege eine Anfrage des Landes beim Bund vor , die sein Haus wie in den anderen Fällen unterstützen werde , sagte der CDU - Politiker .
Niemand habe ein „ gutes Gefühl “ dabei , auch er selbst nicht : „ Aber wir haben auch die Verpflichtung , im Interesse der Gerechtigkeit und des Vertrauens der Menschen in die Fairness unseres Sozialstaates , die Gesetzmäßigkeit der Besteuerung auch im Verwaltungsvollzug durchzusetzen “ , sagte Schäuble .
Bundesaußenminister Guido Westerwelle will zur Entschärfung des Streits zwischen Deutschland und der Schweiz beitragen .
Er wolle seinen Einfluss geltend machen , „ dass gerade befreundete Staaten wie Deutschland und die Schweiz hier enger kooperieren als bisher “ , kündigte der FDP - Chef laut „ Rheinpfalz am Sonntag “ an .
Es gelte , Steuerstraftaten und Datendiebstahl gemeinsam einen Riegel vorzuschieben .
Zugleich äußerte sich der Vizekanzler kritisch zum umstrittenen Ankauf der Dateien .
Steuerhinterziehung und Datendiebstahl seien beides Rechtsbruch und beides gehöre bestraft .
Unter anderem wegen Angeboten zur Steuerhinterziehung hat ein deutscher Unternehmer unterdessen die Schweizer Bank UBS angezeigt , berichtete die „ Frankfurter Rundschau “ .
Die Hauptvorwürfe der Strafanzeige seien Betrug , Untreue und versuchte Nötigung .
Die Offerte zur Steuerhinterziehung habe den Unternehmer , der seinen Namen nicht nennen wolle , nach einem Umzug zurück nach Deutschland erreicht .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Some of Indian independence leader Mahatma Gandhi's ashes , kept for decades by a family friend , have been scattered off the South African coast .
The ashes were sprinkled on to the Indian Ocean in a Hindu ceremony attended by about 200 people to mark the 62nd anniversary of Gandhi 's death .
They were handed over to the family last year after the family friend died .
After Gandhi's assassination , his body was cremated and the ashes distributed among family , friends and followers .
According to Hindu custom , ashes are scattered over a body of water shortly after cremation .
Correspondents say it is difficult to estimate how many people received a portion of Gandhi 's ashes .
Flowers in the sea Boats carrying about 200 family members and friends were joined by South African navy vessels in the sea near Durban for the ceremony .
Ms Gandhi is an activist in South Africa " Before the immersion took place , the Hindu priest recited hymns , " an AFP news agency photographer said .
" Gandhi 's great grandson poured the ashes into the sea and afterwards people threw flowers as a sign of their final goodbyes . "
Gandhi's 69 - year - old granddaughter , Ela Gandhi , who is a respected activist in South Africa , attended the ceremony and addressed those present about the late leader 's legacy .
" I think one of the important messages of his death is the intolerance that goes on in this world , the intolerance of people for other people on the basis of religion , on the basis of race , on the basis of ethnicity , of class and of caste and so on , " she said .
" All these intolerances end up in violence , end up in wars and so on . "
Silver container
The family friend , Vilas Mehta , decided to keep some of Gandhi 's ashes as a memento , not realising that according to Hindu custom they should be immersed , Ms Gandhi told the BBC earlier .
Gandhi fought for the rights of Indians in South Africa
She handed over a " little silver container " to her daughter - in - law on her death bed and told her to " keep it very safe " .
" The daughter - in - law thought the family should have the ashes and she brought it to us last year , said Ms Gandhi .
" We started thinking - what shall we do with it ?
We had a couple of options .
But then our broader family said , the ashes must be immersed . "
In 2008 , some of Gandhi 's ashes , kept for years by an estranged son , were donated to a museum in Mumbai which arranged a ceremony to scatter them in the Arabian sea .
Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated by a Hindu fanatic on 30 January 1948 .
Gandhi made South Africa his home for 21 years , working as a lawyer and activist .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( Natural News ) Cancer rates among Hispanics rise following migration to the United States , according to a study conducted by researchers from the University of Miami .
" This study is [ reminiscent ] of studies from the late 1960s that looked at immigrants from China and Japan to the United States , " said Otis Brawley of the American Cancer Society .
" They raise risk of cancer by immigrating and raise rates for second generation Americans even more so .
" The researchers used data from the Florida cancer registry , International Agency for Research on Cancer , and 2000 U.S. census to compare the rates of various cancers among Hispanics of different national origins both in the United States and in their home countries , as well as rates among non-Hispanics in the United States , between 1999 and 2001 .
They found that cancer rates among Hispanics living in the United States are approximately 40 percent higher than rates in Latin America , although the specifics vary by national origin and cancer type .
For example , rates of colorectal cancer practically double among Puerto Ricans moving to the mainland , while roughly tripling among Mexican and Cuban migrants .
Mexican immigrants had the lowest cancer rates overall , although rates of cancers associated with minorities , such as cervical , stomach and liver cancer , were high .
" New Latinos , " which includes Hispanics from Central or South America , the Dominican Republic or Spain , also had high rates of " minority " cancers , as well as high rates of thyroid cancer and low rates of lung cancer .
The researchers attributed the rise in cancer rates among immigrants to the adoption of unhealthy lifestyle patterns prevalent in the United States , particularly dietary changes including a higher consumption of red meat .
Lower levels of physical activity and higher tobacco and alcohol consumption are also likely culprits .
" For Hispanic populations , there are beneficial lifestyles associated with their origin that probably should be kept , " said lead author Paulo Pinheiro .
" There are lifestyles that may be more prevalent in the United States that probably should be avoided .
" Sources for this story include : abcnews.go.com .
ISLAMABAD : Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani on Tuesday offered to enhance cooperation with India in the field of intelligence to avert attacks like the Pune blast that could " further the agenda of terrorists " who were holding the bilateral ties " hostage " .
Gilani made the remarks during a meeting with visiting US Senator John Kerry , the chairman of the powerful Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
He also expressed Pakistan 's " strong commitment to resolve all core issues between the two countries through peaceful means and composite dialogue . "
" The Prime Minister condoled the loss of lives in the recent terrorist incident in Pune and expressed his government 's readiness to enhance cooperation in intelligence fields with India to ward the possibility of any such untoward incident which could only further the agenda of terrorists , " said a statement issued by the Prime Minister 's Office .
The February 13 blast in a Pune bakery , the first major terror strike in India since the 2008 Mumbai attacks , had left 10 people dead and 57 injured .
" Pakistan had made progress in bringing the perpetrators of the Mumbai incident to justice and was determined not to allow use of its soil for any terrorist activity against any of its neighbours , " Gilani said .
He said Pakistan stood by the joint declaration issued after his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at Sherm el - Sheikh in July last year .
Pakistan has " all along been calling for the resumption of dialogue but unfortunately it was the Indian side which had not found it feasible , " the statement quoted Gilani as saying .
Gilani said the Indian government " should realise that continuing ( to be ) impassive in negotiations between the two countries would only benefit the militants and terrorists who were holding the bilateral relations between the two countries hostage . "
Kerry and Gilani held wide - ranging discussions on various issues , including the war on terror and the new US policy for Afghanistan .
Kerry , who was in New Delhi on Monday , welcomed the upcoming foreign secretary - level talks between India and Pakistan and said there is " tremendous potential for utilising this opportunity for the good of the people of the two countries . "
He expressed the US government 's willingness for facilitating the resumption of the Indo - Pak dialogue process in which " all the core issues , including Kashmir and water dispute , can be discussed and resolved by both sides peacefully , " according to the statement .
Was the Pune blast an intelligence failure ?
Will diplomacy ever work between India and Pakistan ?
‘ The End ’ of Warner Bros .
This is the first page in a series dedicated to the ‘ The End ’ title screen .
To show the evolution in their designs I decided to dedicate one single page to a studio .
More pages will follow .
Unlike other studios Warner Bros. managed to maintain consistency in their designs .
Their logo , which has n’t changed much since the early 1930s , is present in every design they ’ve done .
The images displayed here are from movies made from 1924 ( Beau Brummel ) to 1967 ( Cool hand Luke and Wait until dark ) .
Earlier films – Warner Bros. made their first film in 1918 – are either lost or not yet available on dvd .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Retired British spy catcher Tony Sale rebuilt Colossus , the world 's first recognisably programmable computer .
Colossus was instrumental in the work of code cracking operations at Bletchley Park in Buckinghamshire during World War II .
It deciphered messages sent by German over the Lorenz Cipher .
Colossus was kept as a state secret until the end of the 1990s .
by
A scary headline for a Saturday morning , and the rest of the story is n’t much better :
ARCTIC emissions of a powerful greenhouse gas jumped 30 per cent in recent years in a worrying hint that global warming might unlock vast stores frozen in permafrost , scientists say .
“ It ’s too early to call it a trend but if it continues this way there will be serious implications , ” said Paul Palmer , a scientist at Edinburgh University in Scotland who was among authors of the study of methane emissions from wetlands .
The 30.6 per cent rise in emissions from the Arctic from 2003 - 2007 , to about 4.2 million tonnes , was the biggest percentage gain for any region of the world ’s wetlands in the study in the journal Science with colleagues in Scotland and the Netherlands .
Arctic wetlands account for only two per cent of global emissions from wetlands , most of which are in the tropics .
But many experts have pointed to risks that climate change could melt permafrost stores of billions of tonnes of methane , a more potent greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide .
“ It ’s a warning the scientists have been giving for a while now – what we are seeing are signs of global warming , ” Mr Palmer said .
( source )
Mr Palmer ’s pretty certain – this is “ global warming ” at work .
But even the news story has to concede that only 2 % of methane emissions actually originate in Arctic regions , but in any case I thought I ’d pay the $ 15 and download the full paper from Science : Large - Scale Controls of Methanogenesis Inferred from Methane and Gravity Spaceborne Data , and see if the headline and the alarmism was really justified .
So I started off with the abstract :
Wetlands are the largest individual source of methane ( CH4 ) , but the magnitude and distribution of this source are poorly understood on continental scales .
We isolated the wetland and rice paddy contributions to spaceborne CH4 measurements over 2003 –2005 using satellite observations of gravity anomalies , a proxy for water - table depth , and surface temperature analyses T s .
We find that tropical and higher - latitude CH4 variations are largely described by and T s variations , respectively .
Our work suggests that tropical wetlands contribute 52 to 58 % of global emissions , with the remainder coming from the extra-tropics , 2 % of which is from Arctic latitudes .
We estimate a 7 % rise in wetland CH4 emissions over 2003 –2007 , due to warming of mid-latitude and Arctic wetland regions , which we find is consistent with recent changes in atmospheric CH4 .
The paper uses a model to estimate the global distribution of methane emissions according to changes in temperature and water - table depth .
The temperature data originates from the NCEP / NCAR database .
The total emissions of methane from global wetlands is claimed as 227 Tg / year ( 1 Tg = 1 million metric tonnes ) , from the IPCC AR4 report .
By analysing the temperature and water table distribution , the paper claims that arctic emissions have increased by 30.6 % from 2003 – 2007 .
Since total emissions from the Arctic is only about 4.2 Tg / year in 2007 ( about 2 % ) , this means that in the period covered by the paper , those emissions have risen by about 1 Tg / year , which is less than 0.5 % of total methane emissions .
So whilst it is correct that the increase is 30 % , this arises from the fact that it is calculated by reference to a tiny number as a percentage of a slightly tinier number .
To put this into perspective , here is the graphic from the paper showing the changes in emissions of methane from different sources between 2003 and 2007 :
It is obvious that the areas where methane emissions are rising most rapidly are the tropics and the midlatitudes .
And although the percentage change in the Arctic is large , the absolute change is very small .
I have n’t even bothered to go into the temperature sources – but considering global temperatures as measured by satellite have been pretty steady since about 2001 , there would have to be arguments that the contribution arising from the melting of permafrost should be negligible in this period .
But I would assume that the NCEP / NCAR figures , since they are based on NOAA data , would show an increase .
The only mention of climate change in the paper is in the very last paragraph :
There is substantial potential for wetland emissions to feed back positively to changes in climate and therefore it is critical that we understand the extent of overlap between wetlands and regions that are most sensitive to projected future warming .
We anticipate that the new constraints developed here will ultimately improve model predictions of this feedback .
“ Substantial potential ” – no evidence , just a hunch .
Yet out of that one paragraph , a string of scary news stories has been generated , thanks to an author who has the preset “ global warming ” bias .
The media spin cycle on full blast .
CARACAS -- Venezuela , a country with vast reserves of oil and natural gas , as well as massive rushing waterways that cut through its immense rain forests , strangely finds itself teetering on the verge of an energy crisis .
Venezuela 's seemingly endless resources have allowed the government for decades to just about give away its gasoline -- a full tank of gas in Caracas costs about the same as a can of soda .
But ...
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - NATO must boost security cooperation with Russia and streamline operations to face new challenges -- both military and civilian -- in coming years , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Monday .
Clinton said new partnerships , including with Cold War foe Russia , will help NATO to take on growing transnational threats including nuclear proliferation , terrorism , piracy and cyber security .
“ While Russia faces challenges to its security , NATO is not among them , ” Clinton told a Washington think tank , stressing that a new U.S. plan for European missile defense was no threat to Moscow .
“ Just as Russia is an important partner in efforts to prevent nuclear proliferation , so should it be in missile defense , ” she said .
“ And we invite Russia to join NATO in developing a missile defense system that can protect all citizens of Europe and Russia . ”
Clinton ’s speech to the Atlantic Council was the latest effort by the Obama administration to reassure European allies that Washington will hold tight to transatlantic ties despite growing preoccupation with China , Iran and other hotspots .
It was also a fresh gesture to Moscow , which has grown increasingly nervous over new U.S. plans for European missile defense as well as plans to continue expanding NATO membership .
NATO is now undertaking a major review to assess its structure and goals for coming decades , and Clinton said it was crucial that member states take the opportunity to re-imagine the alliance as a broader , more flexible organization .
“ You do n’t win by fighting the last war , ” she said .
RUSSIA AS PARTNER
She said that NATO must guard against both terrorism and outright military threats , including nuclear proliferation and missile development in countries such as North Korea and Iran .
And she said Russia -- for so long the focus of NATO ’s fears -- could emerge as a partner , including on missile defense .
President Barack Obama announced last year he was shelving Bush - era plans to install a land - based missile shield to guard against long - range missile threats from Iran -- a move which pleased Moscow , which had opposed the shield idea .
But Moscow has expressed doubts about the new U.S. strategy , which centers on sea - based interceptors and a second - phase of land - based systems that U.S. officials say will be better able to counter short - and medium - range missiles , which they now deem the chief threat from Iran and elsewhere .
Clinton said that while the United States had “ real differences ” with Russia in several areas , it was also committed to working with Moscow to advance common interests .
“ We want a cooperative NATO - Russia relationship that produces concrete results , ” she said .
She said the idea of partnership should be central to a new streamlined NATO , which needs a more powerful secretary general to achieve its goals .
The United States , which in the past has been ambivalent about suggestions that NATO work more closely with the European Union , was also now fully behind deeper cooperation between the two organizations .
“ We do not see the EU as a competitor of NATO -- we see a strong Europe as an essential partner , ” she said .
And she said NATO ’s new challenges would increasingly include civilian aid and construction -- as seen in Afghanistan , where civilian assistance efforts are being implemented in parallel with the growing U.S. - led war against the Taliban .
“ For too long , our Alliance has been hamstrung by those who argue that NATO is an exclusively military organization and oppose attempts to develop -- or even discuss -- the Alliance ’s capacity to take on civilian tasks , ” she said .
“ Our common experience in Afghanistan has shown that the Alliance cannot accomplish its missions using purely military tools . “
Gideon Rachman of the FT is reporting that Dick Cheney may have had the intention of going to war with Russia over their invasion of the Republic of Georgia in 2008 .
Rachman is citing Ron Asmus ' new book on the South Ossetia War , which he quotes as saying that Cheney considered , " the possibility of bombardment and the sealing of the Roki Tunnel as well as other surgical strikes to reduce Russian military pressure . "
Rachman also describes an argument cited in the book where Cheney fights with then NSC adviser Steve Hadley over Russia 's intentions .
Cheney claimed that they were bigger than just war with Georgia , Hadley disagreed .
In December 2008 , Jenifer Dennis could n’t believe that her family ’s battle had been dragging on for a year .
At the time , she ’d expected it to be resolved by Christmas .
Now another Christmas has passed and the case that began when her son came home from school with the mark of a cross burned into his arm seems no closer to a resolution .
Meanwhile , the Mount Vernon School District is a divided community in this rural section of south - central Ohio .
And John Freshwater , the 8th - grade science teacher who admitted to using an electrostatic device known as a Tesla coil on Zachary Dennis ’ arm , remains a polarizing figure at the center of the fray .
Despite the case ’s layered subtexts much of the debate is over evolution .
Interestingly , one of the reasons for the divisiveness is that there appears to be no established version of events between the two sides .
Depending on whom you talk to , this is either about a student being branded … or it ’s about a Bible on a desk .
The story began in December 2007 , after Zachary came home with a burn mark on his arm .
Jenifer Dennis and her husband Steve complained to the school district after Zachary told them that Freshwater had asked him to volunteer to be part of a science experiment .
The Dennises said the burn , which in photos [ above , right ] show an 8 - by - 4 - inch mark on their son ’s forearm , raised blisters , kept their son awake that night , and lasted for several weeks .
At first glance , they saw the mark as a religious emblem .
But their first concern was less about religion and more about what they considered to be a case of a teacher injuring their son .
In response , the Dennises filed a federal lawsuit against Freshwater and the Mount Vernon School District , which is still three months away .
However , in August , the school district , which had been named in the suit , settled with the family .
After the Dennises complained to the district , the school launched a lengthy independent investigation in which Freshwater , other teachers , students , and administrators were all interviewed .
The consultant concluded in a report that Freshwater had been teaching students that evolution is a lie for at least 11 years .
The report said that Freshwater had witnessed to students , at one point telling them that there could n’t possibly be a genetic link to homosexuality because the Bible says it is a sin .
The report also said that he handed out Bibles to members of the Fellowship of Christian Athletes and led them in prayers during school hours .
It also said Freshwater had misused the Tesla coil during the science experiment .
Citing the findings , the district tried to fire Freshwater in July 2008 .
Alleging religious persecution , Freshwater fought back , filing a request with the Ohio Board of Education for a pre-termination hearing .
Due to lengthy ongoing delays by Freshwater ’s attorney , the teacher has not yet finished presenting his case before the state - appointed referee .
The hearing has continued for more than a year and has cost the district more than a half million dollars .
He remains suspended without pay .
Brand v. Bible
Attacks against the teaching of evolution are not uncommon in small towns across America .
But the grisly accusations and the extremism of some of Freshwater ’s supporters have recently caught the attention of both the New York Times and the Guardian UK , both of which sent reporters to Mount Vernon recently .
The Times piece highlighted the divide in the school district , which is flanked by two liberal arts schools , Kenyon College and Mount Vernon Nazarene University .
One of Freshwater ’s move vocal supporters , Dave Daubenmire , is the creator of the town ’s Minute Men United , a militant organization that endorses Christian theocracy .
Two years ago , according to the Columbus Dispatch , Minutemen led protests at religious services of two local churches that embraced the gay community .
Until the branding incident , Freshwater had been an active participant at Minutemen anti-abortion events .
Daubenmire has characterized the Freshwater case as a war and has accused the district superintendent Steve Short of doing the devil ‘s bidding .
In a recent interview , Daubenmire said there has been a lot of misinformation in the news media about the case .
“ Everything you read is not true , ” he told me .
His primary objection to the New York Times article was that it said Freshwater admitted to burning Zachary Dennis .
The Times wrote :
Mr. Freshwater , who declined to be interviewed , has said he did not mean to burn a cross on any student ’s arm .
Instead , he said he intended to leave a temporary X on the skin using a device called a Tesla coil during a science demonstration .
He says he had done that , with no complaints , hundreds of times in his 21 years as a teacher at Mount Vernon Middle School .
Daubenmire said that Freshwater had admitted using the Tesla coil on Zachary Dennis , as he has done to students for 20 years , but he denies that he burned him .
“ There is no proof that is his arm in the photo , ” he said .
However , during the school district hearing last year , a mole on the arm in the photo was shown to match up to the mole on Zachary ’s arm .
Also , other students testified for both the defense and on behalf of the school district that Freshwater had put similar marks on their arms .
When I spoke to Freshwater a year ago for an article I wrote for RD , he also said he had used the Tesla coil on Zachary , but said he did n’t know whether it had left a mark at the time .
Still , Daubenmire maintains that Freshwater did not burn Zachary .
“ That is not the arm of Zachary Dennis , or if it is , it was not a mark left by John Freshwater , ” Daubenmire said .
When asked to clarify , Daubenmire at first denied he was accusing the Dennis family of lying .
Then he accused them of being in it for money .
In August , the family reached a settlement with the school district .
The board ’s insurance company paid $ 115,500 toward the plaintiffs ’ legal fees and $ 5,502 to the plaintiffs .
The $ 5,500 was placed into a formal trust in Zachary ’s name .
His parents each received $ 1 .
“ This has never been about the money for us , ” Jeni Dennis said .
“ That ’s why we did n’t feel taking a lot of money from the school was appropriate . ”
When asked whether it might be more plausible that Freshwater had inadvertently left a more serious burn on the student than he had intended , Daubenmire accused me of being biased and wanted to know whether I am a Christian .
He said if the burn was as bad as alleged , school officials should have contacted Children and Youth Services .
“ And they took no action on it , ” he said .
“ Six months later , they bring up the Bible on the desk . ”
“ This goes far deeper than the Tesla coil , ” he said .
“ This is about viewpoint discrimination . ”
Critical Analysis
Nowhere in the Dennis ’ initial complaint is a Bible on the desk mentioned .
“ This was never about a Bible on his desk , ” Dennis ’ attorney Doug Mansfield said last week .
“ The beef the Dennises had was that their kid came home from school with a cross burned in his arm .
They go to the school , they continue to talk to the school district , they found out more and more what Mr. Freshwater was doing in the classroom . ”
According to the independent investigatory report , Freshwater at first denied the incident .
Later he admitted to the experiment , admitting he marked Zachary with an X .
However , students interviewed for the investigation all described it as a cross .
The link to the full report is here .
Before the district moved to fire him , Freshwater was first told to remove all religious items from his room , including a poster of the Ten Commandments hanging on the wall , stickers with scripture on them , extra Bibles he kept in the back of the classroom , and the Bible that he kept on his desk .
Freshwater , fearing disciplinary action , took his side of the story public .
But he never mentioned the branding incident .
Instead , he raised accusations of religious persecution .
At a press conference , he said that the district told him to remove the Bible he kept on his desk .
Because he refused , he told the crowd , administrators wanted to fire him .
Students organized a rally for him , bringing their Bibles to school in support .
Several public rallies have been held in support as well .
Supporters also say the district is retaliating against Freshwater because he advocated for “ critical analysis ” of evolution in 2003 .
“ They ’ve marked me as a religious — I do n’t know if I want to use this phrase about myself — but as a religious fanatic , ” Freshwater said to me a year ago .
Dick Hoppe , who lives in the community and has been covering the hearings for the science blog Panda ’s Thumb , said Freshwater and his supporters have done an effective job at focusing the debate on the Bible , rather than the brand .
For many in the community , not only do they oppose the concept of separation of church , they ’re not even aware of it .
Lori Miller , a fellow teacher in the middle school , testified at the administrative hearing in March on Freshwater ’s behalf .
Hoppe wrote the following account of her testimony :
Asked if she had encouraged students at school to embrace Christianity before the Freshwater affair began last year , she readily responded that she had done so .
She gave examples in an excited voice .
She had prayed over students in the halls and lunchroom , had counseled them to seek Christ , and so on .
She said , “ I honestly did n’t think that was wrong . ”
She was very enthusiastic in voice and manner about her proselytizing in the public schools .
Religious People
Tired of the comments made to their sons in school by students and being singled out by one teacher , the Dennis family put their house up for sale and moved to another district .
Today , Zach is a sophomore and plays hockey .
“ I just have to have the attitude that it ’s never going to end , ” Jenifer Dennis said .
“ Otherwise , it can drive you nuts . ”
The lawsuit is an Establishment Clause case , arguing Freshwater violated Zachary ’s First Amendment rights by proselytizing religion and teaching creationism in the classroom .
But it also raises the separate issue of battery because of the cross burn , which , Mansfield notes , feeds back into the Establishment Clause issues .
Freshwater has filed a counterclaim against the Dennis family , as well as a separate lawsuit against the district , alleging religious discrimination , defamation , conspiracy , and breach of contract .
One of the truly weird things about out this case was that in the Dennis ’ lawsuit , they felt the need to stress that they are n’t anti-religious — as if somehow their objection of a cross branded on their kid might be perceived that way .
“ We are religious people , ” they said in a statement after they filed suit in June .
“ But we were offended when Mr. Freshwater burned a cross onto the arm of our child .
This was done in science class in December 2007 , where an electric shock machine was used to burn our child . ”
Dennis sighs on the phone when she thinks back on the past two years .
“ It ’s changed our lives , ” she said .
“ But I think we just had to do what ’s right for our son .
He was wronged . ”
The title of brightest LED flashlight is a moving target as LED technology advances and new products regularly come along to take the crown .
However , below I have made a stab at compiling a current list of brightest LED flashlights at the risk of it going out of date momentarily .
Still , at the very least it is a list of some very bright LED flashlights .
Also you will note that contenders for brightest LED flashlight use both multiple bulbs and newer super bright LEDs .
Obviously you will prefer the latter if you want compactness , but if you do n’t care , then the more LEDs , the better until the unit becomes unwieldy .
Technically , the TerraLUX MiniStar310 M- EX 1000 Lumen LED Upgrade Kit for Maglite 4 - 6 D Cell Lights – Multi - mode is n’t a flashlight .
It is a $ 57.95 street price replacement “ bulb ” for 4 to 6 cell Maglites that converts them into a whopping 1000 lumen LED flashlight .
Of course , the Ministar actually uses three of the latest super bright LEDs to make this possible .
It is electronically regulated for constant light output and has multi-mode function , ( high / medium / low ) which is configurable to single mode via a switch on the side of module .
TerraLUX makes a line of similar LED upgrades for most Maglite models .
Guide Gear sells some brighter flashlights than the Guide Gear 800 Lumen Light but I like it for the traditional flashlight form factor .
It uses 3 D batteries ( not included ) and is 13 1/4 ″ long and weighs 1 1/2 lbs .
It is also dimmable from 100 % to 0 % and has a high - tension tail cap for solid connections .
The bulb is a 10W Cree XML T6 LED and the body is impact - resistant , high - grade anodized aluminum and it is weather resistant with compression resistant O-rings .
Street price is approx .
$ 80.00 .
The Fenix TK41 - U2 860 Lumens Cree XM - L ( U2 ) LED Flashlight uses a single Cree XM - L ( U2 ) LED with a max of 860 Lumens output .
The TK41 uses eight 1.5V AA batteries ( Alkaline or Ni-MH rechargeables ) and has multiple modes : 4 types of primary output : Turbo Mode : 860 lumens ->
Low : 15 lumens ->
Mid : 120 lumens ->
High : 365 lumens plus 2 flashing functions including an SOS mode all selected via neck mounted dual switch system .
Other features that you get for the $ 129.95 street price are a deep reflector for a powerful focused light with longer throw ; constant brightness with efficient digitally regulated output circuitry and reverse polarity battery protection ; durable Type III hard - anodized anti-abrasive finish on the aircraft aluminum ( 1.55 ″ diameter , 2.5 ″ head diameter , 8.4 ” long ) body ; waterproof to IPX - 8 Standard ; and toughened ultra-clear glass lens with anti-reflective coating .
The TK41 is also capable of standing up securely on a flat surface to serve as a candle .
The included accessories are a shoulder strap , lanyard , rubber switch boot and two spare o-rings .
The Mflare 40421 Ultra Bright Tactical Luxeon LED Aluminum Flashlight Torch Baton features 7 precision focus Luxeon Rebel 90 LEDs with a maximum output to 1000 Lumens .
The heavy - weight anodized aluminum Housing is 17 inches long with a width of 3.5 ″ at the widest part so it is reasonably compact despite all the bulbs and the fact that is uses 6 1.5V D Size alkaline or rechargeable batteries .
The current Amazon price is only $ 99 which seems quite reasonable .
Other features include a 1 x to 4x Focus Control to adjust the beam throw and a Low > Off > High Twist Neck for with no button to turn it on accidentially .
The Life Gear LG454 Highland Tactical LED Flashlight with Red Tail Emergency Flasher , 1000 Lumens uses 5 Cree LEDs for 1000 lumens output .
The LG454 uses 6 C Size Batteries to provide the 3 main light modes ( High , Low , and Strobe ) and 2 CR2032 button cell batteries ( included ) for the Emergency Red Flasher and Glow modes in the tail .
It is 17.75 ″ long and 2.7 ″ in diamater at the widest part and very sturdily constructed of heavyweight aluminum with a shatterproof lens and is waterproof to the IP44 Standard .
The street price should be less than $ 160 but they seem to be in short supply and hard to find .
Advertisement
I went out this morning and fired up my truck , which had been sitting idle for a few days .
When it started , it released a large , noxious cloud of diesel exhaust , which gently floated off over the surrounding desert , on its way to its eventual atmospheric dispersal .
Watching it drift away , I had no problem believing our activities are causing carbon dioxide in our planet ’s atmosphere to rise .
I mean , how many millions of similar clouds were being emitted at that moment ?
I also have no problem thinking that the fallout from the now infamous story that came out this past November about climate scientists in Britain skewing some data in order to make a stronger and less ambiguous case for human - caused climate change is going to be damaging to a degree that will be difficult to overestimate .
In other words , that story has been an absolute godsend to those who are now being referred to as “ denialists . ”
As one denialist scientist said about the hacked email caper , “ This is not a smoking gun , it ’s a mushroom cloud . ”
Who knows how many millions will hop off the fence and head back to the denialist camp because of this one episode ?
In a recent survey of 3,146 scientists , 90 percent said yes , the planet has warmed , and 82 percent agreed with the statement that this warming is mainly human - caused .
So when I opine that I think human - caused climate change is real , I ’m saying so not because I ’m “ a liberal ” and this is the position that liberals are supposed to take , or because I ’m a zombie disciple of Al Gore , or any of that other dismissive pap .
I ’m saying so because ( 1 ) I ’m willing to side with scientists , academics , and intellectuals , who are generally smarter and more informed than I am , and who are weighing in on this issue in numbers that are not just in the majority , but are indeed completely lopsided , and ( 2 ) I honestly do n’t think that these scientists have some kind of environmental agenda because they ’re a bunch of commie European radical greens fixing intelligence around policy , but that they are , for the most part , doing the proper opposite , which is fixing policy around intelligence .
( By the way , by comparison , 58 percent of the general public thinks climate change is mainly human - caused . )
After watching the squabbles that took place in Copenhagen , and seeing the weak - ass little non-binding nothing of an agreement that came out of that conference , I ’m now more convinced than ever that humanity will tackle the problem of climate change with the same zeal and gusto with which it has tackled the problem of population growth .
Translation :
Any large scale regulating and adjusting that ’s truly needed in the future will very probably be left up to the planet itself .
Because , as the bumper sticker on my carbon - barfing truck says , “ Nature Bats Last . ”
" A Concusses Will Be Taken To Represent The True Desires Of North Carolina 4th U.S. Congress District Voters . "
" Continued Support For The NRA National Rifle Association Will Be Maintained . "
Still , David Dow is in Texas , drowning in the death penalty .
As he explains : “ I understand the death penalty supporters .
I used to be one .
I can relate to the retributive impulse .
I know people I want to kill . ”
But he devotes his life to fighting for his clients — many of whom he dislikes enormously , and all but seven of whom he believes to be guilty — because he ’s certain that what Justice Harry A. Blackmun called the American “ machinery of death ” is broken .
Cops fudge the truth .
They coerce false testimony .
Court - appointed lawyers sleep through trials .
They miss deadlines .
They fail to put on exculpatory evidence .
Juries believe every word uttered by “ expert ” witnesses who opine on defendants they have never met .
Jurors evade responsibility by hiding behind the other jurors .
Judges evade responsibility by hiding behind jury verdicts , and appeals courts hide behind the trial courts .
The Supreme Court can hide from a case by refusing to take it .
Elected judges , particularly in Texas , must deliver convictions .
Federal judges named to the federal bench because they are pals with a senator overlook deeply flawed trials .
And by the time Dow comes into a case , the law will sometimes not permit him to help his client .
As he explains : “ Prosecutors and judges kowtow to family members of murder victims who demand an eye for an eye , and the lonely lawyer declaiming about proper procedures is a shouting lunatic in the asylum . ”
Image Louisiana State Penitentiary , 2005 .
Credit ...
Photograph © Richard Ross
Dow is a far cry from a shouting lunatic , and the farthest thing from a bleeding - heart abolitionist .
He has a pickup truck , a taste for bourbon and a dog .
“ I do not want my clients to be killed , and I ca n’t stand them , ” he writes .
You ’ll find Dow at least three stops past the Clint Eastwood mile marker on the Flinty Guy Highway .
He is so bare - bones he wo n’t even use quotation marks .
Throughout the book , Dow toggles back and forth between his capital cases and life with his wife and 6 - year - old son in Houston .
They have certain expectations of him : SpongeBob , T - ball practice , trick - or - treating .
Sometimes he misses these things to witness another execution .
Then he launders his clothes ( always in a wash of their own ) and joins the family for dinner .
Readers who do n’t care about his son ’s T - ball practices or his wife ’s dance classes may find this background distracting , but for Dow his family is a lifeline back from the death chamber .
It ca n’t be a coincidence that in a book about the brutal reality of capital punishment there is — in addition to the bourbon and cigars — a piece of steak , a rare hamburger , a piece of grass - fed sirloin or a roasted chicken on just about every other page .
Dow is n’t doing high constitutional theory here ; this is pure red meat .
What Dow exposes in this dark , raw memoir is not just a dispassionate machinery of death that cannot be slowed , reversed or mediated by truth , logic or fact .
He also exposes the inner life of a man who , in the face of all that , can not give up the fight .
Nobody but Dow could have told Dow ’s story .
The problem is , he can not fully tell it either .
As he explains in an author ’s note at the start of the book , the demands of ­attorney - client confidentiality have forced him to use pseudonyms , attribute procedural details of certain cases to other cases , and alter the timing of some events , though he insists that the “ basic chronology ” is correct — and that he never changed the facts of the crimes .
His publisher appends a letter explaining why this was done and a memorandum from an ethics professor explaining the legal basis for this choice .
Whatever the legal issues , the result is a book that is less an autobiography of an execution than a powerful collage of the life of a death penalty lawyer .
In describing the fraught relationship between law and truth , Dow laments the fact that when it comes to the law , “ the facts matter , but the story matters more . ”
But having created a brilliant , heart - rending book that ca n’t be properly fact - checked , Dow almost seems to have joined the ranks of people who will privilege emotion over detail , and narrative over precision .
As Data Scientists we are regularly asked about interesting trends taking place on LinkedIn .
One of the biggest trends in the professional space last year was the economic collapse .
Reports from numerous sources all tell a similar story -- the economic downturn has affected thousands of companies with millions of workers laid off .
At LinkedIn we have a unique view into the ebbs and flows of labor markets and one trend we noticed was there were beneficiaries of these large - scale upheavals .
In particular , we saw substantial spikes in user activity for the following 5 companies during major financial events :
Barclays
Credit Suisse
Citigroup
Bank Of America
JP Morgan Chase
Each of these firms saw an increase in the Linked In activity of their employees , measured by member registrations or updates to the individual 's company title on Linked In .
This activity coincided with key corporate announcements such as the acquisition of Merrill Lynch by Bank Of America , or the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy announcement .
[ caption id =" attachment_3889 " align=" aligncenter " width = " 503 " caption =
" Talent flow during the financial collapse ( Source : Linked In Data ) " ] [ / caption ]
Where did all these employees go ?
One hypothesis is that many of the employees left the financial industry .
According to the LinkedIn data set , that just is n't true .
There are a handful of people that did transition to other industries and start new careers , but most stayed in the financial space .
To be specific , other than two acquiring companies ( Bank of America acquired Merrill Lynch and Nomura acquired Lehman Brothers ' franchise in the Asia Pacific region ) , Barclays was by far the biggest beneficiary , scooping up 10 % of the laid off talent , followed by Credit Suisse at 1.5 % and Citigroup at 1.1 % .
Have you noticed an interesting trend ?
Do you have a trend or data question you 'd like us to answer ?
Please post them here and we 'll feature them in a future blog post .
EINDHOVEN , The Netherlands -- Production at DAF
Trucks NV here has dropped by more than half in the past year , but the truck maker has kept nearly 80 % of its full - time staff with state help .
" It beats being unemployed , " says 57 - year - old Theo Witkamp , who operates computer - controlled cutting machines at DAF Trucks , a unit of Bellevue , Wash . - based Paccar Inc. PCAR - 1.01 %
Although his hours have been cut , he is making 85 % of his regular wages through a combination of state and company contributions .
The Netherlands , Germany and Austria have all relied heavily on so - called short - work programs to keep people in their jobs in the wake of the financial crisis .
All three have managed to keep unemployment from soaring , but the Dutch have been particularly effective .
At 3.7 % in October , according to the European Union statistics office , the country 's jobless rate is one of the lowest among the world 's wealthy nations .
Workers on the assembly line at the DAF Trucks plant in Eindhoven , the Netherlands .
Adam Cohen / The Wall Street Journal
" A lot of countries are using measures to support employment , but the Dutch might be the most successful , " says Stefano Scarpetta , head of the employment - policy division at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris .
Norway , which has a lower jobless rate than the Netherlands , has used its oil wealth to bolster employment .
In the U.S. , persistently high unemployment rates and the reluctance of employers to hire even though the economy is growing again has sparked interest , particularly on the left , on fashioning government subsidies like those common in Europe to discourage layoffs and encourage hiring .
Paul Krugman , the Princeton University Nobel Prize - winning economist , has written , " These measures did n't prevent a nasty recession , but Germany got through the recession with remarkably few job losses . "
The Netherlands has poured roughly € 2 billion ( $ 2.9 billion ) into its jobs programs over the past year .
But some say the country 's low unemployment owes more to conservative practices before the financial crisis than to the programs put in place later .
And they worry that the spending strain on the country 's budget -- expected to swing to a deficit of 4.7 % of gross domestic product this year from a 0.7 % surplus in 2008 -- undercuts a strength that has helped it weather the downturn .
Short - work measures were written into Dutch law during the Nazi occupation and retained after World War II , but have been used only sparingly .
The Dutch avoided subsidizing employment when the economy was expanding .
Temporary work -- hiring workers on limited contracts -- was encouraged , increasing firms ' ability to hire and fire .
Germany and France -- countries that have resisted temporary work contracts and have used short - hours programs regularly -- have never managed to rival the Netherlands ' low unemployment rates even during economic upswings .
In Germany , the frequent use of short work , or kurzarbeit , in the 1990s also did n't prevent companies from eventually laying off workers they could n't afford , Mr. Scarpetta says .
In recent years , the Netherlands weaned people from unemployment benefits with sometimes controversial measures such as tougher screening that cut disability claims to 20,000 last year -- a fifth of what they were in 2002 .
Before the downturn , the Dutch jobless rate was around 2.7 % , and companies brought in workers from Eastern Europe to fill vacancies .
After the crisis hit , the Dutch government , labor unions and employers quickly reached an agreement to begin payroll subsidies .
Some likened the cooperation to the " polder model " that some historians say has origins in the Middle Ages , when people from rival Dutch cities and different social classes banded together to shore up dikes when floods threatened .
Piet Hein Donner , Dutch Minister for Social Affairs and Employment , says the jobs measures aimed to prevent companies from having an " overreaction " to the financial crisis , laying off skilled workers they would have to rehire when the economy picked up .
Some critics slam the short - work measures .
Rick Van der Ploeg , an economics professor at Oxford University and a former Dutch politician , calls them a form of " creeping communism . "
He adds , " This is sharing poverty , pure and simple . "
Even some who backed the programs have doubts .
Dutch Finance Minister Wouter
Bos worries about the effect of state aid .
" It makes it harder for the market to determine which companies should survive and which should be allowed to fail , " he says .
But it is worth the risk if the program keeps employees in jobs long enough for a recovery to take hold , Mr. Bos says .
" You put in some extra money at an early stage , but then you save some money later because people do n't have to go for unemployment [ benefits ] , " he says .
To qualify for the first short - work program that started last November , a company had to show a 30 % drop in revenue over a two - month period .
The government paid workers all the wages they lost due to the reduction of their hours .
More than 2,000 companies applied , and the state paid for more than 2.4 million hours of work at a cost of around € 200 million .
The subsidy , limited to a six - month period , was available until the end of April .
At the same time , the government set up a network of advisers to work with companies .
The companies , from large corporations to family - owned businesses , get help deciding whether to use state - funded programs to avoid job cuts .
When layoffs can't be avoided , the team helps workers find new jobs .
In late April , another program known as " part - time unemployment " kicked in , which did n't require companies to show a big revenue drop .
Under this € 1 billion plan , employers can reduce workers ' hours and salaries by as much as half , and the state makes up 70 % of the lost wages .
At first this second phase was perhaps too attractive :
After some companies began using it for all their workers , sending the state a hefty bill for wage subsidies , Mr. Donner this summer put stricter limits on the number of working hours it covers and the duration of the aid .
More than 1,500 companies are enrolled in the program , which runs from nine to 15 months .
At DAF Trucks , companies and unions agreed to provide more pay than the government required .
Eindhoven - based ASML Holding NV , which makes photolithography devices for the semiconductor industry , used the short - work option for 1,100 workers until it expired in mid-June .
The company 's orders picked up in the second half of the year , and it did n't seek further state support .
" We now have enough work to keep our people going , " says company spokeswoman Jojanneke Strijbos .
Write to Adam Cohen at adam.cohen@dowjones.com
Gemcutter recently added a sweet search call to its API .
With gemcutter ’s API and boson , we ’ll see how to search gems , get a gem ’s information and compare multiple gems on the commandline .
Also , I ’ll explain how some of this was done so you ’re able to make commands for any API .
If you ’re more interested in how this library is built , skip to here .
To use this boson library :
$ gem install boson boson - more $ echo " require ' boson / more ' " >>
~/.bosonrc $ boson install https://github.com/cldwalker/irbfiles/raw/master/boson/commands/public/site/gemcutter.rb
Usage
This gemcutter CLI comes with three commands .
The first command is gem_search :
# basic search bash > boson gem_search command +---------------------+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
| name | downloads | info | authors |
+---------------------+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
| rubyforge | 70823 | A script which automates a limited set of rubyforge operations .
* Run ' rubyforg ... | Ryan Davis , Eric Hodel , Ara T Howard , Tom Copeland | | gemcutter | 69607 | Adds several commands to RubyGems for managing gems and more on Gemcutter.org .
| Nick Quaranto | | hoe | 68058 | Hoe is a rake / rubygems helper for project Rakefiles .
It helps you
manage and main ... | Ryan Davis | | capistrano | 55740 | Capistrano is a utility and framework for executing commands in parallel on multip ... | Jamis Buck , Lee Hambley | # ... 30 rows in set #
Let 's go the second page of the previous query bash > boson gem_search command - p2 +--------------+-----------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| name | downloads | info | authors |
+--------------+-----------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| vlad | 2173 | Vlad the Deployer is pragmatic application deployment automation ,
without mercy .
Muc ... | Ryan Davis , Eric Hodel , Wilson Bilkovich | | sys-uname | 2161 |
The sys - uname library provides an interface for gathering information
about ... | Daniel J. Berger | | cmdparse | 1943 | cmdparse provides classes for parsing commands on the command line ; command line opti ... | Thomas Leitner | | backup | 1862 |
Backup is a Ruby Gem written for Unix and Rails environ ... | Michael van Rooijen | # ... 30 rows in set # multi word search bash > boson gem_search rails plugin +--------------------------------+-----------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| name | downloads | info | authors |
+--------------------------------+-----------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| will_paginate | 42886 |
The will_paginate library provides a simple , yet powerful and extensible AP ... | Mislav Marohnić , PJ Hyett | | aasm | 7638 | AASM is a continuation of the acts as state machine rails plugin , built for ... | Scott Barron , Scott Petersen , Travis Tilley | | after_commit | 7016 |
A Ruby on Rails plugin to add an after_commit callback .
This can be u ... | Nick Muerdter , David Yip , Pat Allan | | rails_datamapper | 2124 | Rails Plugin for DataMapper | Tom Malone | # ... 30 rows in set # with no search term , defaults to all - time top - downloaded gems # no surprises here bash > boson gem_search +-----------------+-----------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| name | downloads | info | authors |
+-----------------+-----------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| activesupport | 319341 | Utility library which carries commonly used classes and goodies from the Rails fram ... | David Heinemeier Hansson | | activerecord | 293266 | Implements the ActiveRecord pattern ( Fowler , PoEAA ) for ORM .
It ties database table ... | David Heinemeier Hansson | | actionpack | 287332 | Eases web - request routing , handling , and response as a half - way front , half - way pag ... | David Heinemeier Hansson | | rails | 287005 | Rails is a framework for building web - application using CGI , FCGI , mod_ruby , or ... | David Heinemeier Hansson | | rack | 285612 | Rack provides minimal , modular and adaptable interface for developing
web applicat ... | Christian Neukirchen | # ... 30 rows in set
If you ’re not familiar with boson , you may be surprised with how many options are available by default to control how and what you see :
# Only see the name and info fields bash > boson gem_search tag - f=n , i # or -- fields=name , info +---------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| name | info |
+---------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| haml | Haml ( HTML Abstraction Markup Language ) is a layer on top of XHTML or XML
that 's designed to express the str ... | | libxml - ruby | The Libxml - Ruby project provides Ruby language bindings for the GNOME Libxml2 XML toolkit .
It is free software , released ... | | win32 - api | The Win32::API library is meant as a replacement for the Win32API
library that ships as part of the standard ... | | haml - edge | Haml ( HTML Abstraction Markup Language ) is a layer on top of XHTML or XML
that 's designed to express the str ... | # ... 30 rows in set #
Sort by authors bash > boson gem_search tag - s=a # or -- sort=authors +---------------------+-----------+--------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| name | downloads | info | authors |
+---------------------+-----------+--------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| calais | 489 | A Ruby interface to the Calais Web Service | Abhay Kumar | | stage | 506 | Code template generator for Rails and Merb that DRY ... | Andrew Stone | | tagz | 779 | tagz.rb is generates html , xml , or any sgml ... | Ara T. Howard | | dm-tags | 1985 | This package brings tagging to DataMapper .
It is i ... | Bobby Calderwood | | libxml - ruby | 21789 | The Libxml - Ruby project provides Ruby language bind ... | Charlie Savage | | win32 - api | 14810 | The Win32::API library is meant as a replacem ... | Daniel J. Berger , Park Heesob | # ... 30 rows in set #
Show all fields , displaying a paged vertical table bash > boson gem_search tag - f= * -V *************************
1 . row ************************* authors : Nathan Weizenbaum , Hampton Catlin dependencies : { " development " = >[ { " name " = > " maruku " , " requirements " = > " >= 0.5.9 " } , { " name " => " yard " , " requirements " = > " >= 0.4.0 " } ] , " runtime " = > [ ] } downloads : 85590 gem_uri : http://gemcutter.org/gems/haml-2.2.17.gem info : Haml ( HTML Abstraction Markup Language ) is a layer on top of XHTML or XML that 's designed to express the structure of XHTML or XML documents in a non-repetitive , elegant , easy way , using indentation rather than closing tags and allowing Ruby to be embedded with ease .
It was originally envisioned as a plugin for Ruby on Rails , but it can function as a stand - alone templating engine .
name : haml project_uri : http://gemcutter.org/gems/haml version : 2.2.17 version_downloads : 25104 *************************
2 . row ************************* #
Remaining records are paged ... #
To get more help on this command bash > boson gem_search - hv # ...
The second command we ’ll look at is cut , which displays gemcutter ’s information on a gem :
bash > boson cut rails
+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| field | value |
+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+ | name | " rails " | | downloads | 287086 | | info | " Rails is a framework for building web - application using CGI , FCGI , mod_ruby , or WEBrick
on top of either MySQL , P... | | version | " 2.3.5 " | | project_uri | " http://gemcutter.org/gems/rails " | | gem_uri | " http://gemcutter.org/gems/rails-2.3.5.gem " | | version_downloads | 189219 | | authors | " David Heinemeier Hansson " | | dependencies | { " development " = > [ ] , " runtime " = > [ { " name " =>" activeresource " , " requirements " = > " = 2.3.5 " } , { " name " =>" actionmailer " , " requiremen ... |
+-------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
9 rows in set
The third command is cuts , which lists multiple gems .
This command is perfect for comparing gems i.e. mocking gems :
bash > boson cuts rr mocha flexmock facon Fetching gem ' rr '
Fetching gem ' mocha ' Fetching gem ' flexmock '
Fetching gem ' facon ' +----------+-----------+------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| name | downloads | project_uri | info |
+----------+-----------+------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+ | rr | 4973 | http://gemcutter.org/gems/rr | RR ( Double Ruby ) is a double framework that features a rich selection of double techniques and a terse syntax .
http://xunitpatterns.com/Test%2... | | mocha | 19703 | http://gemcutter.org/gems/mocha
| Mocking and stubbing library with JMock / SchMock syntax , which allows mocking and stubbing of methods on real ( non-mock ) classes .
| | flexmock | 4527 | http://gemcutter.org/gems/flexmock |
FlexMock is a extremely simple mock object class compatible with the Test :: Unit framework .
Although the FlexMock 's interface is simple , it i ... | | facon | 291 | http://gemcutter.org/gems/facon |
A mocking library in the spirit of the Bacon spec library .
Small , compact , and works with Bacon .
| +----------+-----------+------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
4 rows in set
Now , if you want to use these commands but with shorter command names or different default fields displayed , you should read up on boson .
So how hard was it to create this CLI ?
Not hard at all …
To understand this console interface to gemcutter , let ’s look at creating the gem_search command .
First , as gemcutter ’s api docs explain , a search request looks like / api/v1 / search .( json|xml ) ?query = [ QUERY ] .
Let ’s consider what we ’ll do with this api call :
1 . Make a get request to get back a string .
2. Convert the string into a ruby object by parsing the format ( xml or json ) .
3 . Display the ruby object in a well - formatted , useful way .
Step 1 can be done with the standard library net / http i.e. Net:: HTTP.get ( URI.parse( url ) ) .
We ’ll just use boson ’s get ( ) command which wraps around this .
For step 2 , we ’ll parse json using JSON .
parse .
If you ’re on 1.9 , you should already have the json library .
Otherwise , sudo gem install json should set you up .
For step 3 , we ’ll use hirb ’s handy tables which integrate nicely with boson .
Taking the first two steps , the boson command looks like this :
require ' json ' module Gemcutter def gem_search ( query ) JSON .
parse get ( " http://gemcutter.org/api/v1/search.json?query=
#{ query } " ) end end
Pretty straightforward .
To try this command , drop it in a local Bosonfile and …
# Knowing nothing about the returned data structure , boson attempts to format it bash > boson gem_search tag +---------------------------+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+---------------------------+-----------+-------------------+
| authors | dependencies | downloads | gem_uri | info | name | project_uri | version | version_downloads |
+---------------------------+---------------------------+-----------+---------------------------+---------------------------+---------------------+---------------------------+-----------+-------------------+ | Nathan Weizenbaum , Ham ... | developmentnamemarukur ... | 85521 | http://gemcutter.org/g... | Haml ( HTML Abstr ... | haml | http://gemcutter.org/g... | 2.2.17 | 25048 | | Charlie Savage | developmentruntime | 21769 | http://gemcutter.org/g... | The Libxml - Ruby projec ... | libxml - ruby | http://gemcutter.org/g... | 1.1.3 | 18167 | | Daniel J. Berger , Park ... | developmentnametest - un ... | 14794 | http://gemcutter.org/g... | The Win32:: API l... | win32 - api | http://gemcutter.org/g... | 1.4.5 | 3973 | # ... #
It 's a mess .
#
Knowing that we 're supposed to be getting back an array of gems # let 's inspect one of the results bash > boson -e " p gem_search ( ' tag ' ) [ 0 ] " { " name " => " haml " , " downloads " = > 85525 , " info " = > " Haml ( HTML Abstraction Markup Language ) is a layer on top of XHTML or XML
that 's designed to express the structure of XHTML or XML documents
in a non-repetitive , elegant , easy way ,
using indentation rather than closing tags
and allowing Ruby to be embedded with ease .
It was originally envisioned as a plugin for Ruby on Rails ,
but it can function as a stand - alone templating engine .
" , " version " = >" 2.2.17 " , " project_uri " = > " http://gemcutter.org/gems/haml " , " gem_uri " = > " http://gemcutter.org/gems/haml-2.2.17.gem " , " version_downloads " = > 25052 , " authors " = >" Nathan Weizenbaum , Hampton Catlin " , " dependencies " = >{ " development " = >[ { " name " = > " maruku " , " requirements " = > " >= 0.5.9 " } , { " name " => " yard " , " requirements " = > " >= 0.4.0 " } ] , " runtime " = > [
] }} # Ok , a gem is a hash .
But with what fields ?
bash > boson -e " p gem_search ( ' tag ' ) [ 0 ] .keys " [ " name " , " downloads " , " info " , " version " , " project_uri " , " gem_uri " , " version_downloads " , " authors " , " dependencies " ]
Now for the third step .
Let ’s configure the table fields rendered for our api call with render_options ( ) .
In keeping with boson ’s philosophy , we ’ll write it in commented form :
require ' json ' module Gemcutter # @render_options : fields= >{: default= >% w{name downloads info authors} , # : values= >% w{name authors version_downloads info project_uri gem_uri version downloads dependencies} } , # : filters= >{: default= >{' dependencies '=>: inspect}} #
Search gemcutter def gem_search ( query ) JSON .
parse get ( " http://gemcutter.org/api/v1/search.json?query=
#{ query } " ) end end
Note that we passed two keys to render_options : : fields and : filters .
For : fields we pass : default to specify default fields and : values to specify all values for : fields .
Now let ’s give this command a test drive :
bash > boson gem_search tagging +---------------------------------+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------+
| name | downloads | info | authors |
+---------------------------------+-----------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------+
| dm-tags | 1989 | This package brings tagging to DataMapper .
It is inspired by Ac ... | Bobby Calderwood | | sup | 1840 | Sup is a console - based email client for people with a lot of ema ... | William Morgan | | tagomatic | 634 | = tagomatic
Simple command - line mp3 tagger based on mp3info g... | Daniel Lukic | | CachedSupermodel | 610 | Based on cached_model by < a href = " http://dev.robotcoop.c... | adocca Entertainment AB | # ... 30 rows in set #
Having specified available fields above , we can use aliased versions of fields # when referring to them .
#
Let 's only see the numerical fields bash > boson gem_search tag - f=n , do , version_d , v # or -- fields=name , downloads,version_downloads,version +---------------------+-----------+-------------------+-----------+
| name | downloads | version_downloads | version | +---------------------+-----------+-------------------+-----------+
| haml | 85579 | 25097 | 2.2.17 | | libxml- ruby | 21784 | 18180 | 1.1.3 | | win32 - api | 14809 | 3978 | 1.4.5 | | haml - edge | 11241 | 3555 | 2.3.100 | # ... 30 rows in set
Success !
How about the pagination option and multi- word search we saw above ?
Source code says it all .
Wrap Up
As we ’ve seen with the gemcutter API , boson makes it dead easy to interface to an API from the commandline .
If you ’re interested in more boson - wrapped APIs , I ’d recommend github or anything under here .
And if you do n’t already know , we can use any of these api commands in irb thanks to boson ’s shell / irb duality .
The Toronto Maple Leafs may not be going to the playoffs this season , but they did score a moral victory on Tuesday against their provincial rivals from Ottawa .
Toronto kept the Senators in their post -Olympic funk , taking down Ottawa 4 - 1 at Scotiabank Place .
The Leafs capped the Battle of Ontario for the year with their fourth straight win against the Sens , going 4 - 2 - 0 to win the season series .
Phil Kessel scored in the first period , with John Mitchell and Mikhail Grabovski adding to the tally for the Leafs 19 seconds apart in the second .
Rickard Wallin added an empty - netter in the last minute of the game , as 12 Leafs notched a point .
" Since we 're not in the playoff picture , we really have not got a lot to lose , " Mitchell said .
" We 're a different team [ these days ] and we did n't want to lose two games in a row the rest of the year — that 's something we said . "
But the story of the game was in the Leaf net , as Jonas Gustavsson played possibly his best game in a Toronto uniform .
The Swedish rookie was terrific for the Leafs in only his fifth start in the last 14 games , bailing out a Toronto defence that was guilty of turning the puck over all night and making 30 stops .
" When we scored a couple of goals , I could play relaxed , " Gustavsson said .
" It 's a different atmosphere when we play against them and I like it .
Those are the kind of games you want to play . "
His best save came when he sprawled to stop Milan Michalek on a shorthanded breakaway nine minutes into the third period with the Leafs up by two .
Michalek had two breakaways during the game and was stopped by Gustavsson both times .
Offensive woes
He was the main reason why Ottawa ( 37 - 28 - 5 ) stayed in its offensive slump since the Olympics ended , which is Exhibit A when it comes to analyzing the Sens ' current woes .
Ottawa has gone 1 - 5 - 1 since the Olympics and has been held to one goal or less in all six losses .
" You 've got to give Toronto credit , they pushed us hard , " said Senators coach Cory Clouston .
" But to me , the biggest concern is in the offensive zone .
We 've just got to start burying our chances . "
Though Buffalo , which leads the Northwest Division , remains three points ahead of Ottawa , losing 4 - 3 in Atlanta , Montreal is charging hard .
The Canadiens beat the New York Rangers 3 - 1 Tuesday and are now one point behind the Sens for second in the division and fifth in the Eastern Conference .
" Obviously , we 've got our work cut out for us here , " Sens captain Daniel Alfredsson said .
" We 've got to correct some stuff and figure it out . "
The Sabres have gone 3 - 4 - 1 since the Olympic break , and hold two games in hand on Ottawa and three on Montreal .
In Ottawa 's crease , Brian Elliot made 26 saves .
Andy Sutton scored the Sens ' goal late in the second period .
The Sens were missing a big sparkplug Tuesday as Mike Fisher was out of the lineup with an upper body injury .
Amid all the pre-game hype , Toronto 's Colton Orr and Ottawa 's Matt Carkner did n't tussle for a fifth time this season .
But there was still plenty of rough stuff as the game saw seven roughing minors and a fight between the Sens ' Chris Neil and the Leafs ' Garnet Exelby .
" It was just a good game , " Orr said .
" A good battle both ways and we came in and did what we had to do .
We won . "
Ottawa visits Atlanta on Thursday , while the Leafs ( 24-34 - 12 ) host New Jersey .
Lobbyists for healthcare , energy and financial interests had a banner year in 2009 , with the average payout for each reaching as high as $ 177,000 .
Despite his push to rein in special interests , President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaIt 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting ' MORE sparked a boom on K Street with major new proposals on healthcare , climate change and financial policies .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The magnitude of the work done in the three fields is just huge , ” said Michael Levy , of Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck ’s Washington office .
New lobbying restrictions led to a decline in the number of registered lobbyists working for clients in each of the three industries , according to data from the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics .
The combination of more work for fewer lobbyists meant record payouts per lobbyist .
Lobbyists working in each of the three industries took home the most on average that they have in a decade , even when adjusted for inflation , according to analysis of the data by The Hill .
Many lobbyists work for clients in several policy areas , so the average payout by industry does n’t necessarily equal the average overall compensation those lobbyists received .
Spending was up in all three broad areas of healthcare , energy and financial - services reforms .
Healthcare clients spent the most overall on lobbying at $ 544 million , which was roughly $ 60 million more than in 2008 .
But there were more lobbyists ( 3,405 ) on healthcare issues than on either energy ( 2,311 ) or financial legislation ( 2,654 ) .
Lobbyists earned an average of $ 160,000 for healthcare - related work .
Energy clients paid $ 409 million for an average of $ 177,000 per lobbyist .
Lobbyists for energy clients beat out financial lobbyists for top billing .
Energy has long been a significant source of lobbying spending .
But as a generator of revenue for K Street , the sector really took off after 2007 when the Democrats , now in control of Congress , began pushing sweeping climate change legislation .
A number of new clean - energy companies have hired lobbyists for the first time in the past two years .
Financial firms also have increased their spending on lobbying .
The sector spent $ 465 million lobbying in Washington in 2009 , which was about $ 8 million more than in 2008 .
But there were 167 fewer lobbyists registered for financial , insurance and real estate clients .
Obama drove huge interest on K Street with a major push for new financial regulations following the worst crisis since the Great Depression .
The House Financial Services Committee spent the bulk of 2009 debating major new policies to rein in Wall Street and prevent future taxpayer - funded bailouts .
The House passed legislation in December , a little more than a year after Congress approved a $ 700 billion bailout for the financial industry .
“ Wall Street was bailed out and benefited from taxpayer largesse , and now K Street is benefiting from it , ” said Carmen Balber , head of the Washington office at Consumer Watchdog .
“ We all know the health insurance lobby has been such a massive undertaking and people have spent so much money in supporting or opposing it , but still , on the financial side with fewer firms and fewer lobbyists , the numbers are so much higher .
That ’s a picture of the stakes on Wall Street , ” Balber said .
Levy of Brownstein said the growth in financial services lobbying was an indication more of the crisis the industry faced last year than of specific proposals on Capitol Hill .
“ Financial services is really less what the president ’s agenda was and just the massive collapse of the sector , ” Levy said .
“ A lot of it is reactive to events rather than reactive to the president ’s agenda . ”
Lobbying revenue across the three industries has not always been on the rise .
Revenue adjusted for inflation dipped in all three sectors in 2002 from 2001 .
And lobbying revenue for financial clients dipped each year between 2003 and 2006 .
Since 2007 , however , lobbying revenue has been on an upswing across the three industries .
The biggest swing has been in the energy field , with energy clients spending $ 387 million in 2008 compared with $ 273 million in 2007 .
You 're looking at a mosquito who got taken down mid-flight by a " Death Star " laser gun designed by Nathan Myhrvold .
The malaria - carrying pest never saw it coming , but you can watch everything happen over and over again in this video .
Advertisement
The idea behind the " Death Star " laser is that it could be used to control mosquito populations in developing countries in hopes of reducing the number of deaths due to malaria , a disease frequently carried by the flying insects .
The device was shown off during the TED 2010 conference and does in fact appear to be capable of tracking and killing mosquitoes .
Oh , and it was built out of parts found on eBay .
[ Wired ]
The Scientology Handbook
Scientology fundamentals for daily use in every part of life .
Encompassing 19 separate bodies of technology , here is the most comprehensive manual ever published on the basics of life .
Touch Assist
The Touch Assist is the most widely used and probably best known assist .
It was first developed in the early 1950s and has been in use ever since .
The application of Touch Assists is not limited to injuries .
They are not just for the banged hand or the burned wrist .
They can be done on a dull pain in the back , a constant earache , an infected boil , an upset stomach .
In fact , the number of things this simple but powerful process can be applied to is unlimited !
Theory
The purpose of a Touch Assist is to reestablish communication with injured or ill body parts .
It brings the person ’s attention to the injured or affected body areas .
This is done by repetitively touching the ill or injured person ’s body and putting him into communication with the injury .
His communication with it brings about recovery .
The technique is based on the principle that the way to heal anything or remedy anything is to put somebody into communication with it .
Every single physical illness stems from a failure of the being to communicate with the thing or area that is ill .
Prolongation of a chronic injury occurs in the absence of physical communication with the affected area or with the location of the spot of injury in the physical universe .
When attention is withdrawn from injured or ill body areas , so are circulation , nerve flows and energy .
This limits nutrition to the area and prevents the drain of waste products .
Some ancient healers attributed remarkable flows and qualities to the “ laying on of hands . ”
Probably the workable element in this was simply heightening awareness of the affected area and restoring the physical communication factors .
For example , if you do a Touch Assist on somebody who has a sprained wrist , you are putting him back into communication with that wrist as completely as possible .
A Touch Assist helps handle the factors of time and location when a person has been injured .
Part of his attention is stuck in the past moment and place of the impact .
The assist restores the person to the present and thus permits healing to occur .
In addition to control and direction of the person ’s attention , a Touch Assist also handles the factors of location and time .
If a person has been injured , his attention avoids the injured or affected part but at the same time is stuck in it .
He is also avoiding the location of the injury , and the person himself and the injured body part are stuck in the time of the impact .
A Touch Assist permits healing to occur by restoring the person to the present and his whereabouts to some degree .
Procedure
0 . Administer any first aid that may be needed before you begin the assist .
For example , if the person has a bleeding wound it should be dressed as the first action .
1 . Have the person sit down or lie down - whatever position will be more comfortable for him .
2 . Tell him that you are going to be doing a Touch Assist and explain briefly the procedure .
Tell the person the command you will be using and ensure he understands it .
The command used is “ Feel my finger . ”
Tell the person that he should let you know when he has done the command .
3 . Give the command “ Feel my finger , ” then touch a point , using moderate finger pressure .
Do not touch and then give the command ; that would be backwards .
Touch with only one finger .
If you used two fingers the person could be confused about which he was supposed to feel .
4 . Acknowledge the person by saying “ Thank you ” or “ Okay ” or “ Good , ” etc .
5 . Continue giving the command , touching and acknowledging when the person has indicated he has done the command .
When doing a Touch Assist on a particular injured or affected area , you approach the area on a gradient and recede from it on a gradient .
You approach the injury or affected area , go away from it , approach it , go away from it , approach it closer , go away from it further , approach to a point where you are actually touching the injured or affected part and go away further .
You try to follow the nerve channels of the body , which include the spine , the limbs and the various relay points like the elbows , the wrists , the back sides of the knees and the fingertips .
These are the points you head for .
These are all points in which the shock wave can get locked up .
What you are trying to do is get a communication wave flowing again through the body , because the shock of injury stopped it .
No matter what part of the body is being helped , the areas touched should include the extremities ( hands and feet ) and the spine .
The touching must be balanced to both left and right sides of the body .
When you have touched the person ’s right big toe , you next touch the left big toe ; when you have touched a point a few inches to one side of the person ’s spine , you next touch the spot the same distance from the spine on the opposite side .
This is important because the brain and the body ’s communication system interlock .
You can find that a pain in the left hand runs out ( dissipates ) when you touch the right hand , because the right hand has got it locked up .
In addition to handling the left and right sides of the body , the body ’s back and front sides must also be addressed .
In other words , if attention has been given to the front of the body , attention must also be given to the back .
The same principle applies in handling a particular body part .
For instance , you might be handling an injury on the front of the right leg .
Your Touch Assist would include the front of the right leg , the front of the left leg , the back of the right leg and the back of the left leg , in addition to the usual actions of handling the extremities and spine .
6. Continue the assist until the person feels better .
You will notice an improvement in the person from what he says or how he looks .
These are called indicators .
Indicators are conditions or circumstances arising during an assist which indicate whether it is running well or badly .
When a bad condition , such as an injured hand , improves , that is a good indicator .
If the pain in his hand lessened , that would be a good indicator .
A Touch Assist is continued until the person being helped has good indicators , meaning he feels better , the pain has diminished , he is happier about it , etc .
He will also have a cognition .
7 . When this occurs , tell the person , “ End of assist . ”
You may have to give Touch Assists day after day to achieve a result .
On first doing a Touch Assist you might only get a small improvement .
Giving another Touch Assist on the following day , you could expect a bit more improvement .
Next day you may get a somatic blowing off completely .
It might take many more days than this , with a Touch Assist given each day , before such a result is achieved ; the point is that the number of Touch Assists you can do on the same thing is unlimited .
Uses
Use on Injuries
Never do a Touch Assist as the first action on an injured person when you can do a Contact Assist .
If the exact location where the injury occurred is available , do a Contact Assist .
The Contact Assist can then be followed by a Touch Assist or any other assist action .
Communication with the body lessens when one is ill or injured .
A Touch Assist helps restore a person ’s ability to communicate fully with an ill or injured body part .
Tell the person , “ Feel my finger , ” and touch a spot on his body .
Acknowledge him when he does so .
Follow the nerve channels of the body .
The touching must be balanced to both sides of the body .
A Touch Assist must include the extremities and the spine .
A correctly done Touch Assist can speed the thetan ’s ability to heal or repair a condition with his body .
Use on Animals
Touch Assists can be used to good results on animals .
In doing a Touch Assist on a sick or injured dog or cat , you should wear thick gloves , as they may snap and scratch .
Persons on Drugs
A Touch Assist can be done on a person who has been given painkillers or other drugs .
This is n’t optimum but it is sometimes necessary under emergency conditions .
Where a person has been injured , your objective should be to get to him and give him a Touch Assist before anyone gives him a painkiller .
If the body has been very badly damaged , the person may still be in agony after your assist , but you will have gotten some of the shock off .
At this point a medical doctor could administer a painkiller and repair the physical damage .
Of course , if the person needs immediate treatment for excessive pain , you would not prevent it from being administered and would then deliver the Touch Assist when the person was more comfortable .
Headaches
Do not do a Touch Assist on a person who has a headache .
Research has shown that headaches are often the result of mental phenomena that a Touch Assist would be the incorrect handling for .
Head Injuries
If a person has received an actual injury to the head such as being poked in the eye or hit on the head with a bat , he can be given a Touch Assist .
The same applies to injuries to the teeth or painful dental work .
The Touch Assist is easy to learn and can get quite remarkable results .
It has the advantage of being easy to teach others .
So use it well to help those around you , and teach them to help others in turn .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Jamie Oliver has won a Technology , Entertainment , Design ( TED ) prize for his healthy eating campaigning .
His prize comes as America 's First Lady , Michelle Obama , launches a campaign to improve the way families eat .
The BBC's Peter Bowes spoke to the celebrity chef about his US television show and a possible trip to the White House to meet with Mrs Obama .
Using SurfaceSound technology , the new Tunebug Vibe ( $ 65 ) lets you take a speaker with you basically anywhere you go .
The Tunebug sports a stylish , triangular brushed metal body , an illuminated power button , and a standard 3.5 mm input for compatibility with a wide range of audio sources , but the real magic is in the NXT - powered SurfaceSound Speaker , which turns nearly any surface — although hollow ones work best — into a makeshift speaker .
Until recently , The Room was just another unsuccessful indie film flop -- a drama , independently financed for around $ 7 million by writer - director - producer - actor Tommy Wiseau and released in a few theaters with no support from studios , that was panned by the few critics who saw it and went nowhere .
Except that , thanks to years of relentless midnight screenings at a Los Angeles movie theater and the film 's poster ( at left ) plastered on a Highland Avenue billboard for nearly five years ( at a cost of $ 5 k / month ) , it became the movie that would n't die , and a cult following has grown up around it not unlike that of The Rocky Horror Picture Show .
Against all odds , seven years after its inauspicious release , The Room has become a kind of so - bad - it 's - hilarious hit , selling out shows and bestowing upon its creator a modicum of notoriety / fame .
It is , according to one professor of film studies , " the Citizen Kane of bad movies . "
Wiseau is now saying that the film was made to be intentionally funny , a claim disputed by his actors ( and almost anyone who 's seen the film ) .
This is a kind of bad - ness you just can't fake ; a kind of cinema magic that comes along maybe once a generation .
Let 's start off with the trailer , and go from there .
Just watch this ...
But the magic of the film can't really be captured in a cut - to - pieces trailer -- it plays out in the bizarre pacing of the scenes and the off - kilter line readings that have made it a favorite among Hollywood comedians like Paul Rudd and Jonah Hill .
An EW article reveals how on the set of Role Models , " to Room " came into use as a verb --
' When we do a take , and it seems bad , a comment about The Room is often made , '' says Joe Lo Truglio , who played the jolly knight in Role Models , and is yet another fan of The Room .
''' Dude , your heart was in the right place , but the acting was n't .
You Roomed it !'''
So let 's get down to the nitty - gritty and watch some scenes .
This little montage of three scenes captures one of the hallmarks of the film -- weeeiiiiird pacing .
This scene feels like the script supervisor lost a page of dialogue or something ; abrupt emotional transitions are another thing that make The Room such a strange viewing experience .
The most famous line from the film , akin to Brando yelling " STELLA ! "
In this scene , Wiseau gets so angry at Lisa that he goes all Bruce Banner tears apart a room ( the room ? ) , throwing a TV out the window .
But his rage is so strange and slow , so awkward -- like he 's just swallowed a fistful of Xanax .
In this scene , Wiseau orders a hot chocolate at a coffee shop .
For some reason , the orders of all the customers in line before him are recorded in meticulous detail .
Finally , it 's worth mentioning that football plays a special role in the film -- an attempt by its Austrian director to make the movie seem more " American " ? -- and the characters are forever awkwardly throwing one around .
Another notorious scene features a group of guys playing football in tuxes .
So why do audiences love this movie so much ?
I do n't know , but they do -- watch these audience reactions after a screening .
Some of them have seen it fifteen times !
Apparently , screenings of the film are filled with audience participation -- people laughing , shouting at the screen , reciting lines along with the characters -- and whenever a spoon shows up in the film ( there are framed pictures of them that appear now and then ) , this is what happens :
SPOON !!!!
Single Player – Tyler Treat
BioShock 2 is a tough game to review .
It ’s fighting an uphill battle against an absolutely stunning game .
It ’s got big shoes to fill , shoes , many argue , did n’t need filling at all .
With that in mind , it ’s difficult to review without comparing it to the greatness of its predecessor .
BioShock 2 retains many of the gameplay elements that made the first title so enjoyable , but it ultimately falls short of greatness thanks to weak characters and even weaker storytelling .
The game takes place 10 years after the events of BioShock .
Andrew Ryan is dead , Rapture is in shambles , and the Splicers are still running amuck .
Sadly , the awe of Rapture – the magic of it – is gone .
The opening sequence in the original game was very inspiring , but now it ’s more or less of a “ been there , done that ” moment .
There ’s a nice underwater vista you ’ll come across , but it just does n’t pack the same punch .
Nonetheless , BioShock 2 has a very compelling opening that introduces us to the game ’s antagonist , Sofia Lamb .
Unfortunately , that ’s about as compelling as the story gets .
In BioShock 2 , players assume the role of Subject Delta , an early Big Daddy prototype and the first to be successfully bonded to a Little Sister .
Delta has unexplainably gained free will .
Your goal is to track down and find your Little Sister , who is n’t so little anymore .
Sofia Lamb , a former Rapture psychiatrist , has risen to power , and her political views starkly contrast Andrew Ryan’s .
As Rapture ’s new benefactor , Lamb controls its psychotic denizens , collectively known as “ The Family . ”
Although Ryan is gone , his ideals can still be seen throughout the city , and his legacy , a chilling reminder of a failed utopia .
The plot itself shows strong potential , but it ’s dismally undermined by mediocre writing .
One of the reasons BioShock had such a fantastic narrative was because of its multiple plot twists , something that BioShock 2 lacks entirely .
However , the lack of plot twists is n’t what tarnishes the game ’s story .
What really ruins it are the characters .
BioShock 2 ’s characters are painfully one - dimensional .
The audio diaries , which make a welcomed return , provide insight into Rapture ’s fascinating back story , but they do n’t do much in terms of fleshing out the characters you meet in the game .
BioShock had some really enticing characters , such as the crazed artist Sander Cohen .
The ones you meet in BioShock 2 serve little purpose other than to hinder your progress , and they contribute very little to the game ’s narrative .
There ’s not much character development , and there ’s no attachment whatsoever .
For most of the characters , players are left with the choice of sparing them or blowing their brains out , a decision that actually has very little impact on the game ’s outcome , aside from its tone .
The moral choices , such as the decisions to kill / spare NPCs and harvest / save Little Sisters , are clear but uncompelling and ultimately feel superfluous .
Tenenbaum makes a brief appearance , strong emphasis on “ brief . ”
She appears for one scene towards the beginning and then disappears from the rest of the game , her fate completely unknown .
Her cameo is so insignificant , in fact , it ’s as if the writers brought her back just for the sake of bringing her back .
Her role in the game is utterly pointless , which is unfortunate because she ’s one of the few interesting characters .
You expect to see her later in the game , but it seems as though the scriptwriters just forgot about her .
Accompanying you on your adventure in a way similar to Atlas from BioShock , is Augustus Sinclair , and by “ accompanying , ” I mean hiding in a train telling you what to do .
Sinclair ’s true motives are unclear , nor are they ever revealed .
Although his purpose was questionable from the start , Sinclair ’s character arc ends in an incredibly dissatisfying fashion .
I also felt that the game in general ended on a disappointing note .
One thing I did like quite a bit was the sequence where the player takes control of a Little Sister .
It was interesting to see the world from their perspective and how it changed .
This was very well - executed , as were the brief flashbacks players confronted throughout the game .
I felt that the “ creepiness factor ” was turned noticeably down in BioShock 2 .
The game ’s scare tactics are much more blatant than that of its predecessor .
Gone are the subtleties that literally stood my hair on end in BioShock .
Also , encounters with the game ’s characters are much less menacing than , say , your first encounter with Sander Cohen .
That ’s not to say the game does n’t have its moments .
It certainly does , and it begins to pick up towards the end .
It ’s just not as engaging as the first .
As far as gameplay goes , BioShock 2 does just about everything right .
The addition of dual - wielding , which allows players to use both plasmids and weapons simultaneously , is brilliant .
The adopting of Little Sisters was an intriguing concept at first , but gathering Adam quickly became a chore , which is why I ditched it altogether halfway through the game .
That decision did n’t deter me from completing the game in any real way , which could n’t have taken more than eight hours on the “ Hard ” difficulty , I might add .
The general method for taking down a Big Daddy in BioShock was to simply unload all your weapons on it , and if you died , you respawned at a Vita - Chamber .
Rinse , repeat .
2 K Marin said it would be addressing this “ cheap ” strategy by having Little Sisters heal their Big Daddies , but it ’s so minimal that the strategy is effectively left unchanged .
BioShock 2 introduces two new enemies , Brute Splicers and Big Sisters .
The former act as mini-bosses , while the latter , in conjunction with Big Daddies , provide the real boss battles .
When asked if the game would have a boss battle along the lines of BioShock ’s , 2 K ’s answer was that it was taking a “ very different approach . ”
Different approach indeed , as there ’s no final boss at all .
Playing as a Big Daddy , players obviously get access to the massive drill , something I was particularly looking forward to .
That ’s why I was a bit disappointed to find that it ’s much less awesome than I expected it to be .
I was hoping to be able to impale Splicers with it or pin them against a wall .
Instead , it ’s just a matter of pointing it in their general direction and poking them with it .
You do gain the ability to drill charge , which , to be perfectly honest , I only used once ( where it was required to progress in the game ) .
That said , it ’s actually a pretty useful tactic for charging into a group of Splicers as it usually results in one - shotting at least one of them .
Regardless , I think some scripted drill sequences could have gone a long way .
Another thing the developers seemed to be really excited about was the fact that players get to explore the ocean floor around Rapture and see the city from the outside .
A promising idea , but I ’m afraid 2 K over - talked this aspect .
There ’s no exploration .
The underwater bits are merely designed as transition sequences , forcing players to go from point A to point B .
It was n’t a problem , and indeed it was cool to walk around underwater , but it was just something that seemed over - promised and under - delivered .
I was happy to see that the in - game hacking mini - game had been drastically changed .
It now fits fluidly into the gameplay and is much less of a burden .
There ’s also a hack tool that allows for remote and auto hacking .
The research system has been revamped as well .
Rather than taking photos , players film enemies , gaining bonuses for taking them down in unique ways .
A bunch of new tonics have been added , and the new plasmids and plasmid upgrades are great .
Chain lightning is totally kickass .
Lastly , as with BioShock , all weapons can be upgraded , including the drill .
Aesthetically , BioShock 2 pleases but surprisingly does n’t look as impressive as the original .
The graphics are good , but textures are n’t very detailed and there ’s the occasional texture pop-in .
The sound effects , music and strong voice acting go a long ways towards reinforcing the game ’s eerie atmosphere .
Multiplayer – James Pikover
Multiplayer for BioShock 2 is unusual compared to most titles .
Instead of the same developer working on the whole game throughout , Digital Extremes , who ported BioShock to the PS3 was brought in because they did such a good job .
And they managed to still succeed even with 2 K keeping DE ’s hands tied behind their backs .
BioShock 2 ’s multiplayer is a rarity .
Gameplay is simply enjoyable : all the elements of the single player return , slightly tweaked for added performance .
That alone makes online play worthwhile , though the various gametypes do n’t help .
Standard deathmatch and a form of capture the flag where teams must collect Little Sisters do n’t bring anything new to the game .
One complaint we ’ve received reports of , and have experienced ourselves , is lag .
On both the PC and Xbox 360 versions , users have complained of lag issues , where games were OK to completely unplayable .
Tyler intentionally left the multiplayer to me because he simply could n’t get a game going that did n’t lag him to seizure on PC .
Some fun things are thrown into the mix , like becoming a Big Daddy during matches and gaining their full powers , though there simply is n’t enough to go around .
Running is also completely missing , which according to the QA testers I spoke with at CES earlier this year , was because 2 K forced Digital Extremes to not put a run function in , instead replacing it with a useless iron - sights aiming function .
So if you end up wondering why things go slow so often , that ’s why .
Even as a splicer hopped up on more drugs than your local pharmacy supplies , it ’s still like driving a mech : slow and lumbering .
That said , I found that forcing a slow pace to gameplay rather enjoyable , mainly because it allows all players to be on equal ground .
Much like the appeal of Mechassault , there simply is n’t the complexity in movement , which in today ’s FPS - and Call of Duty - driven online gaming , is a relief .
For console gamers , you ’ll find the controls are tight and responsive , whereas PC gamers may not like all of the keyboard controls or the lack a controller available .
Still , while BioShock 2 will never be the multiplayer phenomenon of Modern Warfare or Halo 3 , it fits right in with Mechassault and Shattered Horizon : well - paced , simple , and with reasonable stress curves that wo n’t leave you exhausted after a few short matches .
The Lowdown
8.5
Final Thoughts
how we score
If it sounds like this review is overtly negative , it ’s because it is .
I really want to love BioShock 2 , but its weak script gets in the way .
BioShock set the bar higher than any sequel could ever reach .
If , however , we put things into perspective , if we forgot for a moment that the original ever existed , we ’re left with a good game – not great – but good .
BioShock 2 is an enjoyable experience and worth a playthrough .
It preserves the essence of Rapture and keeps in what made BioShock fun .
It ’s still very much worth a buy .
The Indian - born writer 's reputation is being reassessed , both in the UK and India
By Andrew Walker
Today programme
Plans for a museum in Rudyard Kipling 's Mumbai home commemorating the writer have been shelved following concerns that a memorial to the renowned imperialist and chronicler of the British Raj would be politically unpalatable .
But is it time for Indians to reappraise him ?
Nearly 75 years after his death , the poet and author Rudyard Kipling remains as celebrated and controversial as ever .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The man who created the popular image - or myth - of the British Raj , has gone through somewhat of a renaissance in modern Britain .
His poem
If - for so long virtually ignored by poetry experts and anthologies alike - topped a BBC poll as the greatest poem of all in 1995 .
And in 2002 , when his works came out of copyright , a flurry of cheap editions of Kipling 's poetry and novels proved a popular attraction .
But , for Indians , the man praised by George Orwell as " a good bad poet " remains a divisive figure .
And now , plans to turn the house in Mumbai where he was born in 1865 into a museum have been abandoned in the face of a huge political row .
Kipling 's birthplace is instead set to showcase paintings by local artists .
Mukund Gorashkar , who is leading the renovation project for the JSW Foundation , says " if we tried to convert it into a Kipling museum simply because Kipling was born there , that would ruffle quite a few feathers .
" In the political storm , you may find that the conservation effort would be set aside . "
Kipling 's works were celebrated by the Royal Mail in 2002 Kipling was born in the Dean 's bungalow which nestles in the grounds of the JJ School of Art , one of the many jewels of what was then Victorian Bombay .
And his childhood experiences in the city inspired one of Kipling 's best - known and loved characters , the boy spy Kim .
Mr Gorashkar said that municipal government officials with whom he had spoken had strongly discouraged him from referring to the building as " Kipling 's House " , insisting that it should be called by its original name , " Dean 's House " .
Some of Kipling 's work , including lines like " And a woman is only a woman ; but a good cigar is a Smoke ' ' , jar with critics today .
But the debate surrounding their actual meaning remains active and vigorous .
For instance , one of his most famous poems , which begins : " Take up the White Man 's Burden / Send forth the best ye breed " does not refer to British Imperialism at all but celebrates the US occupation of Cuba and the Philippines after the 1898 Spanish - American War. ' Wellspring '
It may well be that , as the columnist Geoffrey Wheatcroft once put it : " to his detractors , Kipling 's real sin is n't that he is politically incorrect so much as that he is so readable " .
Even so , it is hard to put any sort of revisionist spin on aphorisms like " a man should , whatever happens , keep to his own caste , race , and breed . "
Andrew Lycett , Kipling 's biographer and whose latest work , Kipling Abroad , has just hit the bookshops , believes that India has a love - hate relationship with the writer .
" It was the wellspring of his imagination .
But I can well understand why Indians look askance at him in this day and age .
He was an imperialist .
He was not a supporter of Indian nationalism .
" On the other hand , he was the first great Indian writer in the English language .
He was of English stock .
" The British are still trying to make up their mind about Kipling . "
Aravind Adiga : ' Deep ambivalence to Kipling 's work in India ' The Indian - born novelist Aravind Adiga , whose debut work The White Tiger garnered a Man Booker prize , is a long - time Kipling devotee .
Indeed , he researched him while studying at Oxford .
He believes that " it 's odd how little of his work is known in India .
" There has been such an explosion of Indian writing in English that Kipling is not read very much any more , " he says , adding that Indian readers today prefer writers like Jeffrey Archer .
" People who study Indian literature at universities whether in India or abroad are very political , " he added .
" But the people who actually buy books and read them in India do n't really care .
" There has always been a deep ambivalence to Kipling because of his dislike of Indians who read and speak in English .
His deep antipathy towards people in Calcutta who are university - educated means that he's in trouble because it 's those people who now read in English in India . "
But Mr Adiga said that Kipling had a " deep love " of India 's forests and that his jungle tales presented a picture of " a part of India that is now quickly vanishing " .
As Orwell pointed out in an oft - quoted essay , Kipling was not just a writer but someone who added phrases to the English language .
But could it be that , for the man who wrote " what do they know of England who only England know ? " ; " the female of the species is more deadly than the male " and " you 'll be a man , my son " , a more lasting theme may be " East is East , and West is West , and never the twain shall meet " ?
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Advertisements
Things have swung into full panic mode over health care on Fox News .
Today a supposed lawyer , Megyn Kelly , freaked out on the air today and said , “ What is happening ?
No one gets it … I do n’t understand anything they are talking about when it comes to this potential law . ”
Maybe Kelly could understand it if Fox News would stop lying and confusing their viewers about deeming .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Kelly said , “ Does anyone out here understand this ?
What is happening ?
No one gets it .
My eyes glaze over , Carl .
I am not Capitol Hill expert , but I did practice law for nine years .
I went to law school .
I do n’t understand anything they are talking about when it comes to this potential law .
Back and forth between the House and the Senate , who can follow this ?
What average normal American can even possibly get their arms around what is happening on Capitol Hill ? ”
Maybe it would be easier to understand if Fox News would stop distorting the deeming process to their viewers .
Here is Jon Scott misleading viewers on deeming :
Here is Bret Baier doing the same thing :
It is disingenuous of Kelly to freak out about confusion over deeming when she and her own network are the parties responsible for spreading the confusion .
She ca n’t possibly be that stupid .
She knows what deeming is .
She is simply following orders and playing dumb .
This is nothing more than Fox News trying to whip up conservative outrage in order to help Republicans .
They are not beneath making themselves look completely mentally challenged if they believe that it will help the GOP in November .
Yesterday EA had its Q3 FY10 earnings call , during which ( as I understand ) they let shareholders know how the company is doing and where it is going .
That means that we get a sneak peak at what they ’re planning to publish in the coming year .
Regarding Star Wars :
The Old Republic they made statements which seem to suggest that ( unsurprisingly ) the game wo n’t be released before March 31 , 2011 .
As VG247 reports :
EA ’s confirmed that BioWare ’s Star Wars MMO , The Old Republic , wo n’t make the publisher ’s next financial year .
Speaking in EA ’s Q3 earnings call last night , CFO Eric Brown said the game wo n’t ship in the 12 months ending March 31 , 2011 .
“ We are not assuming that we bring a major new MMO to market in fiscal ‘ 11 .
We will continue to increase significant development cost as we prepare this title for launch , ” he said .
Both EA and Lucas has previously said the game is aiming for a “ spring 2011 ″ release , putting the launch in either April or May 2011 .
As CEO John Riccitiello added , the costs involved here are gigantic , so do n’t be hugely shocked if this trundles off into the back half of next year .
“ It ’s a significant cost , ” said the exec .
“ MMOs can cost as much as two to six , seven times as much as a front - line title , if they ’re done right .
“ It is a major investment for us . ”
Brown eased through analyst questions in the call last night by assuring the mega - costs involved in developing the game will be repaid in full .
“ I think the important point here is you ask that title goes live , and we ’re not giving any specific date , we ’ll move from a net OpEx investment mode to a highly profitable op - income contributor , ” he said .
“ So it ’s a pretty important step change , when you compare a year with the MMO active versus the development stage that we ’re currently in this fiscal year . ”
Get the rest of the news from EA ’s Q3 release here .
As I said , not really surprising since they already said that their target date is Spring 2011 .
anyone know how this was done ?
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
A short film decrying the IDF blockade of Gaza released on the Internet Wednesday by Yoni Goodman , the animation director of , was immediately blasted by media expert Yariv Ben-Eliezer as " an ugly , disgusting piece of work . "
Goodman 's 90 - second movie combines animation with a background of real footage to depict the hardships of Gazans , with large hands relentlessly blocking the path of a boy as he pursues a flying blue bird , symbolizing freedom .
" I 'm very much against the Israeli blockade policy , and the last war was just a mistake , " Goodman told .
" Anti-Semitism is up , Israel is seen as the aggressor around the world , and at the end of the day we did n't achieve anything .
" Ben-Eliezer , director of media studies at IDC Herzliya , lashed out at Goodman after being informed of the clip by the .
" This is an ugly , disgusting piece of work ... and it will be surely be used as a tool against Israel , " Ben-Eliezer said .
" You have to be equally sensitive to the kids in the South of Israel being bombed every day by Hamas .
He should get an award from [ Iranian President Mahmoud ] Ahmadinejad for this work . "
In the film , Kassam rockets fly over the boy 's head , exploding in a city on the horizon .
Then there are retaliatory bombardments .
The films shows the boy frantically trying to flee , but the hands along Gaza 's borders fence him in .
He is knocked over and has nowhere to run .
The boy tries to row out to sea , but a hand turns him back .
He then approaches the Rafah border crossing with Egypt , but is stopped by two hands wearing flag cuffs , one Egyptian , the other Israeli .
In the final scene , the bird is caged by the hands .
The Gisha Legal Center for Freedom of Movement , an Israeli nonprofit organization , commissioned the film , called , and worked with Goodman on it for five months .
They reworked its emphasis after Operation Cast Lead concluded in January .
Goodman stressed his unwavering support for Israel , despite his disagreement with its military policy .
" I hate Hamas .
They 're out to kill us .
Of course they are my enemies , " he said .
" I feel sorry for the Palestinian citizens who want to live their lives . "
But , he went on , there should be a solution that does n't involve violence or the sacrifice of innocent people .
" People do n't like to hear that Palestinians are real people .
People prefer to think of them as evil , that they 're all Hamas , " Goodman said .
" It 's easier to say , ' let 's punish them , let 's kill them all . '
It 's a lot harder to regard them as ordinary people who want peace . "
In a statement Gisha released regarding the film , it saidwas intended to arouse empathy for Gaza 's residents , " human beings prevented from pursuing their aspirations because of restrictions on their movement . "
Sealing off Gaza was a clear violation of Gaza residents ' freedom of movement - a basic precondition for their ability to exercise other basic rights - " illegal in terms of international law , " contended Sari Bashi , director of Gisha .
According to Bashi , the character 's commonness is highlighted by the animation , " to help viewers understand who the real victims of the closure policy are - 1.5 million people who just want to live their lives .
" Though it is animated , the closure is all too real .
Animation is not an obvious choice , but is a way to talk about a serious issue like Gaza , and is a way of circumventing stereotypes , " said Bashi .
As a key part of Gisha 's ongoing campaign for Palestinian freedom of movement , is to be used as both an educational tool and a conversation - starter .
Its larger purpose , according to Bashi , is setting the baseline for an in - depth report due to be published later this month delineating the accountability of all parties enclosing Gaza , including Israel , Egypt , Hamas , the Palestinian Authority and the greater international community .
Gisha , which means " access " in Hebrew , seeks to secure the Palestinians ' right to life , access to medical care , education , livelihood , family unity and freedom of religion , which it carries out through legal assistance and public advocacy .
Gisha is working toward opening Gaza 's borders , allowing for the flow of essential supplies into the Strip , and formal respect for the right of freedom of movement , none of which can take place without " the absolute precondition of recognition that Gaza residents are human beings , " said Bashi . followed a soldier struggling to recall suppressed memories of his involvement in the 1982 Lebanon War .
The film won Golden Globe and Cesar awards and was nominated for an Oscar for best foreign film .was released on the Internet at closedzone.com and on YouTube .
The Pentagon 's science fringe has been trying to lord over the natural elements for years now .
They 've talked about planet hacking and screwing with enemy climates , and they still want to harness the power of lightning .
This year , military science has more of an " all - encompassing " goal for global mastery .
As part of its budget for the upcoming fiscal year , Pentagon extreme research agency Darpa is launching the " Transparent Earth " project .
They 'll invest $ 4 million into the creation of real - time , 3 - D maps that display " the physical , chemical and dynamic properties of the earth down to 5 kilometer depth . "
At first , the idea does n't sound all that impressive .
The earth is more than 3,500 miles deep , from crust to core , so Darpa 's plan would literally just scratch at the surface .
But geologists and geophysicists still know very little about the day - to - day goings - on underground , even at a depth as shallow as 5 km ( that 's 3.1 miles ) .
The deepest drilling of the planet was a Soviet hole on the Kola Peninsula , which took 19 years and made it around 7.5 miles into the crust , and even NASA still uses land - based GPS signals to predict volcanic eruptions .
Rather than a mega - drill , Darpa wants to harness innovations in sensor technology to develop a constantly - updating model of planetary activity .
They 'll use sensors to detect " natural indicators of subsurface activity , " and then take advantage of mathematical algorithms designed to estimate various natural earthly phenomena , including geophysical turbulence and shifting tectonic plates .
Algorithms are already used in planetary mapping and predictive science , but adding high - tech sensors would provide a constant stream of new data .
And that kind of accuracy could have serious planetary implications : Changes in the earth 's crust can explain and predict volcanic eruptions , earthquakes and even the formation of mountain ranges .
After they successfully combine sensors and mathematics , Darpa 's end goal would put even NASA 's satellite footage to shame :
A global three - dimensional picture of the earth 's subsurface with variable spatial , temporal , and information resolution , allowing changes at local scales to propagate through both physical models and proximity rules to update the global picture .
So maybe Darpa wants to protect civilian populations from the ravages of natural disasters .
But those same tools could be used for military purposes against enemies , suspects one unnamed geoscientist .
" All of my ' science is good ! ' tree - hugging comments aside , what this program is probably really about is detecting , targeting , and destroying hard and buried underground facility ( UGF ) targets , " he said .
Whatever Darpa 's intention , they want their transparent earth sooner rather than later :
The agency anticipates that the new 3 - D models will be available to the Army , Air Force , special operations and intelligence agencies by 2015 .
Photo : NASA
ALSO :
Iran 's telecommunications agency announced what it described as a permanent suspension of Google Inc. 's email services , saying a national email service for Iranian citizens would soon be rolled out .
It was n't clear late Wednesday what effect the order had on Gmail services in Iran , or even if Iran had implemented its new policy .
Iranian officials have claimed technological advances in the past that they have n't been able to execute .
A ...
By By Gemma Fox Feb 28 , 2010 in Crime Dubai -
The Hamas leader who was found dead in his hotel room last month was drugged and then suffocated to death say police in Dubai .
The drug believed to have been used in this case is succinylcholine .
It is a drug widely used by doctors as a muscle relaxant and is popular because it is fast acting .
" The killers used the drug succinylcholine to sedate Mahmoud al Mabhouh before they suffocated him .
The assassins used this method so that it would seem that his death was natural , there were no signs of resistance shown by the victim . "
Major General Khamis Mattar al - Mazeina , the deputy commander of Dubai police said in a statement .
The case was
It is widely suspected that the Israeli intelligence unit Mossad is behind the assassination of Mahmoud al Mabhouh but Israel has so far failed to confirm or deny this .
Mahmoud al Mabhouh was found dead in his hotel room on January 20 this year .
The drug believed to have been used in this case is succinylcholine .
It is a drug widely used by doctors as a muscle relaxant and is popular because it is fast acting .
" The killers used the drug succinylcholine to sedate Mahmoud al Mabhouh before they suffocated him .
The assassins used this method so that it would seem that his death was natural , there were no signs of resistance shown by the victim . "
Major General Khamis Mattar al - Mazeina , the deputy commander of Dubai police said in a statement .
The case was highlighted earlier after Dubai authorities identified 12 UK passports were used by the assassins .
In all the Dubai police have 26 suspects .
It is widely suspected that the Israeli intelligence unit Mossad is behind the assassination of Mahmoud al Mabhouh but Israel has so far failed to confirm or deny this .
More about Hamas , Israel , Mossad , Dubai More news from hamas israel mossad dubai
A man with cerebral palsy who claims he was repeatedly kicked and assaulted outside a downtown bar is suing the Raleigh Police Department and several police officers .
Charles Payne , 34 , says in the complaint filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court that an off - duty police officer and bouncer at The Pourch / The Bassment thought he was drunk and threw him to the ground and started kicking him when he tried to explain his disability .
According to the complaint , the officer was trying to place handcuffs on Payne but was unable to cuff one of his arms because of his limited mobility .
At some point , two other police officers who were on duty joined in the alleged assault , the complaint says , and those officers later threw Payne into a police car and tied his legs together with rope .
At one point , the complaint says , Payne heard one of the officers say , " We have to get our stories straight because he is a drunk autistic kid . "
" Anybody with any sense at all could tell that he suffers from a debilitating disease , " Payne 's attorney , Woody Webb , said Wednesday .
Payne says he had been at the bar on the night of Aug. 8 , 2008 , looking for a friend but had not been drinking .
" He had n't had anything to drink whatsoever , " Webb said .
" Later blood - alcohol tests confirmed that he had no alcohol in his system whatsover . "
Payne was arrested and charged with second - degree trespassing and resisting arrest .
The charges were later dismissed .
Webb said an internal affairs investigation is under way within the police department but that his client has waited long enough for relief .
" It had severe consequences for him , both physically and emotionally . "
The city of Raleigh and the bar are also named in the lawsuit .
None of the parties had any comment Wednesday .
Two of the officers are listed in the complaint as John Doe .
The third officer , Peter T. Morrison , 36 , has been with the police department since January 2000 and is a senior officer with the Special Operations Division , police spokesman Jim Sughrue said .
Clausewitz defined war as an ‘ an act of violence designed to compel our opponent to fulfil our will . ’
From that definition he derived his theory that war tends to extremes as each side tries to crush his opponent .
I agree with much that has been written in the openDemocracy debate about conflict transformation and liberal peace but it seems that underlying the debate is an implicit assumption that war or armed conflict is indeed a contest of wills .
I want to suggest an alternative definition .
War is ‘ an act of violence involving at least two organised groups framed in political terms . ’
Defined in this way , war can either be a contest of wills or a mutual enterprise .
If it is the latter , wars are likely not to be extreme but to be long and difficult to end .
Generating insecurity
A mutual enterprise could be political or it could be economic or it could be both .
Violence is a way in which groups win political power not through defeating the enemy but through mobilising support on the basis of fear .
Such groups construct ideologies to explain deep - seated social frustrations – poverty , insecurity , lack of opportunity – and to place the blame on the ‘ other ’ .
They turn themselves into protectors by generating the insecurity from which people need to be protected .
Defeating the enemy is the justification not the goal of war .
Indeed the warring parties share a mutual need for justification and consequently , they may actually reinforce each other .
Through war and violence , the armed actors transform themselves from marginal extremists into mainstream power - brokers .
By producing fear and hatred , they construct exclusive ethnic or religious ideologies that underpin their power .
Understood in this way , war is not about genuine grievances or ‘ root causes ’- it is about manipulating and instrumentalising grievance .
This interpretation can be applied to sectarian conflicts between , say , Serbs and Croats in the former Yugoslavia or Shi’ia and Sunnis in Iraq .
The different parties are trying to carve out separate areas that they control politically rather than destroy each other .
Indeed the existence of the other is necessary to justify their behaviour .
They very rarely have battles .
Violence is directed against civilians , not the so - called enemy .
The main aim is to frighten , kill or expel those who disagree or who have a different ethnicity or nationality .
In Bosnia Herzegovina , ordinary people understood the difference between ‘ Chetniks ’ ( militant Serb nationalists ) and Serbs or between Ushtashe ( militant Croat nationalists ) and Croats .
In Baghdad , Sunni and Shi’ite groups did not actually attack each other .
Sunni suicide bombers would enter a Sh’ite area and this would justify Shi’ite death squads who would kill ordinary civilians and take over Sunni parts of Baghdad .
Or take for example , Israeli attacks on Hamas .
Israel cannot actually eliminate Hamas any more than Hamas can defeat Israel .
Attacks on Hamas ( that mainly kill Palestinian civilians including children ) will not achieve security for Israel , only a permanent conflict that benefits the Israeli right and the defence industry .
And vice versa , terrorist attacks on Israeli civilians do not bring a Palestinian state any nearer ; they merely provoke further Israeli attacks that strengthen extremism .
By attacking Hamas , Israeli governments are seen to be doing something and vice versa .
A profitable mutual enterprise ?
Some of the mutual benefits may be economic .
Contemporary conflicts are financed from a variety of means – loot , pillage , kidnapping , setting up check points , criminal activities like drug smuggling or human trafficking , ‘ taxing ’ humanitarian assistance or mobilising remittances from the Diaspora .
It is often not clear whether these activities are about financing the war or whether war provides a cover for carrying on these activities .
Is the war in Afghanistan really a contest of wills between the Karzai government and the Taliban ?
Or are the warlords in the government colluding with the Taliban in a profitable mutual enterprise based on drugs ?
Of course most wars are probably a mixture of both .
And the parties to the conflict probably believe they are engaged in a contest of wills ; they certainly claim that is what they are doing .
The point of redefining war in this way is that it offers quite different recipes for conflict transformation and peace - building .
Because the so - called international community tend to think of war as a contest of wills they focus on reconciling the extremists rather than bringing together ordinary people .
Indeed they hardly ever talk to ordinary people , partly because of their colonial mentality so vividly described by Oliver Richmond , and partly because they think that the extremists are the power brokers , which , in turn , reinforces their preset view of the war as a contest of wills .
The paradox is that by so doing they legitimise the people with guns and disenfranchise everyone else .
If we think of war as a mutual enterprise , then a different strategy is required aimed at marginalising the extremists .
It has to involve lifting the pall of fear so that ordinary people can discuss their needs and their future and can base their strategies on the everyday needs rather than cumbersome unworkable compromises among extremists , which is the typical outcome of this kind of approach .
Dayton and Oslo are good examples .
Diana Francis offers us moving examples of what happens when young people from Bosnia Herzegovina or from Georgia and Abkhazia come together in situations where they are not afraid .
Both Diana Francis and Paula Green suggest that the problem in Kosovo is Kosovisation ; the idea that the international community has favoured the Albanian majority and neglected the Serb minority .
My view is that the problem is almost the opposite .
The international community have been obsessed with ethnic relations , power - sharing and the issue of status and have totally neglected everyday needs .
After ten years of international rule , Kosovo still does not have 24 hour electricity and water ; unemployment is 70 % ; and there are no proper arrangements for garbage collection .
Moreover , ethnic polarisation is even more entrenched .
As Albin Kurti , the firebrand student leader , put it , UNMIK was obsessed with multi-ethnicity rather than people :
‘ There are no people in Kosovo .
There are only different ethnicities .
Multi-ethnicity is the concept with which the lenses of the international community are built .
What in modernity were ‘ tribes ’ , in post - modernity are ‘ ethnicities ’ .
Since the year 1999 onwards , the approach as well as the starting point was ethnic .
UNMIK identified , like in a terra nullus : Albanians , Serbs , Roma , Turks , Egyptians , Bosniaks , and Ashkalis .
Therefore , it started from ethnic belonging , not from what is common , what is universal among people – not from their need for freedom , dignity , jobs , qualitative education , healthcare and social insurance . ’
Fashionable solutions
It is now fashionable to argue that instead of imposing international norms , the international community should help to strengthen local structures .
I agree with Shahrbanou on this issue .
Very often what the international community regards as traditional structures are new institutions established by the warring parties .
Both Kosovo and Afghanistan have been transformed by war and conflict and what was tradition has often been totally uprooted and reinvented in ways that may often be even more oppressive and violent especially to women and minorities than in the past .
Kosovars , for example , ended blood feuds during the period of non-violent resistance ; now blood feuds have been reinvented .
Of course , there do have to be hybrid structures - people have to design their own institutions - but , in my experience , many ordinary people in conflict zones do not necessarily want to return to the past and welcome international support if it is about meeting needs and respecting human dignity and if it enables people to deliberate without fear .
This analysis also has implications for dealing with the greed element of contemporary conflict .
Establishing a legitimate economy is often the key to ending violence .
The Kimberly process for diamond certification was a hugely important factor in ending the wars in West Africa .
What about the legalisation of drugs as a way to undercut the war in Afghanistan ?
Actually violence is the opposite of conflict , as the French sociologist Michel Wievorka argues , “ Violence shuts down conflict and makes it more difficult to address genuine grievances and ‘ root causes ’ ” .
I agree , of course , with all those who say we have to eliminate war .
But a way to start is to reconceptualise the nature of war .
Quoted in ‘ Transitional Justice in Kosovo ’ , 28 May 2008 .
www. Newkosovareport.com
" An angry Uribe then shouted : ' Be a man !
These issues are meant to be discussed in these venues .
You 're brave speaking at a distance , but a coward when it comes to talking face to face ' , " the diplomat said .
Raikkonen would have finished in the top 10 but for an opening - day crash Former Formula 1 world champion Kimi Raikkonen was encouraged by his World Rally Championship debut for Citroen despite finishing 30th in Sweden .
The Finn recovered from hitting a snow bank on stage six to finish 37 minutes off winner Mikko Hirvonen .
Raikkonen , 30 , said : " It was a really encouraging event , which allowed me to learn so much . "
Ford 's Hirvonen was 42.3 seconds ahead of Raikkonen 's team - mate Sebastien Loeb while Jari-Matti Latvala was third .
Citroen boss Olivier Quesnel was quick to praise Raikkonen 's efforts after a difficult weekend .
606 : DEBATE
I think he is going to improve a lot ; but maybe , he is going to be a little bit " Jari - Matti " ( spectacular speed and spectacular crashes )
laFrau
" We can not ask too much of Kimi at this stage , " he said .
" Sweden I think is the most difficult rally to start with , and everybody is looking at him and waiting for - I do n't know what - but he could n't give more than he has .
" Kimi did not do a bad job here .
He told me he made too many mistakes but it 's obvious he has to make mistakes - he 's learning . "
Raikkonen set several top 10 stage times , including a sixth - fastest time on Saturday , meaning he would have comfortably scored points had he not lost 26 minutes when he hit the bank on Friday .
The 2007 F1 champion reflected : " It was a really encouraging event , which allowed me to learn so much .
" From the start to the finish I felt I was improving all the time .
Sure , we still have a lot to learn because the whole feeling is so different to what I had in Formula 1 .
" But I 'm getting a good idea of how to use the pace notes now and I understand the car a bit better as well .
" Now I 'm looking forward to driving gravel on the next rally in Mexico ; it should be a bit easier for me . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Matthew Weiner is infamous for his attention to detail on the set of Mad Men , but here ’s one thing that we never noticed before : the male leads all tend to fold their pocket squares in different ways .
( In fact , the show made the pocket square so popular again that by January of last year , Esquire declared them officially over .
Again . )
After noticing this , Sydney - based graphic designer Christina Perry has created a series of posters celebrating the unique looks sported by Don Draper , Roger Sterling , and Bert Cooper .
Peep images from the show , folding how - to ’s , and of course Perry ’s illustrations , after the jump .
Don Draper
The Presidential fold :
Fold the pocket square in half to create a triangle .
Fold one corner in and create a fold with the palm of your hand .
Repeat on the opposite side .
Roger Sterling
The Three - Corner Up fold :
Fold the pocket square in half across the center to make two overlapping triangles .
Fold one side up next to the two tips .
Fold the opposite side over to create flat base .
Bertram Cooper
The Four Point Crown fold : Lay your pocket square flat with one corner facing up and one corner facing down .
Fold the bottom corner up to meet the top corner .
Fold the bottom corner up to the top just to the left of the top corner .
Fold the left side towards the right , and up to the right of the middle point of the crown .
Turn the pocket square around and adjust the points of the crown .
What do you think Perry should do to graphically represent the women of Mad Men ?
The only thing that we can think of is to play with their preferred silhouettes .
Betty is such a cupcake girl , while Joan is an hourglass , and Peggy , more buttoned - up .
Any other ideas ?
Teams
Q&A for Work
Stack Overflow for Teams is a private , secure spot for you and your coworkers to find and share information .
The Environmental Defense Fund , a national environmental group , recently issued its own report saying that just 1 percent of all buildings in the city  about 9,000 large commercial , residential and institutional structures  create 87 percent of the soot pollution arising from heating oil .
( The group has posted a list at www.edf.org/dirtybuildings so New Yorkers can see which kind of oil their buildings burn . )
If those buildings were to burn cleaner oil , the fund ’s report said , the amount of airborne pollutants they release would decline by as much as 65 percent to 95 percent .
The numbers by which heating oil is classified are based on boiling temperature , composition and other factors .
No. 2 heating oil , which is cleaner but more expensive than No. 6 or No. 4 , accounts for an estimated 73 percent of the heating oil burned in the city , the environmental group found .
Evan
Thies , a spokesman for the group , said users of the most polluting fuels tended to be larger buildings that could accommodate huge boilers that generate the heat necessary to burn heavy oil .
The dirtiest oils can cost about 60 cents less a gallon , which has been another disincentive for buildings to upgrade their boilers .
But in its report , the Environmental Defense Fund said that cleaner fuels improve the efficiency of burners and reduce operating costs , compensating for the up - front costs and the higher price of No. 2 oil .
The group , using records from the city ’s Department of Environmental Protection , which approves boiler permits , points out in its report that heavy oil heats buildings in some of the wealthiest ZIP codes in the city , most of them in Manhattan .
The pollution is aggravated by diesel fuel emissions from heavy car and truck traffic in some areas .
But Stuart M. Saft , chairman of the Council of New York Cooperatives and Condominiums , says the assumption that only the rich live in the buildings at issue ignores the reality that even at wealthy addresses , “ there are people living on fixed incomes or on Social Security who bought their apartments 40 years ago . ”
Discovered by Czech researchers , the Chuck Norris botnet has been spreading by taking advantage of poorly configured routers and DSL modems .
The malware got the Chuck Norris moniker from a programmer ’s Italian comment in its source code : ‘ in nome di Chuck Norris ’ , which means ‘ in the name of Chuck Norris ’ .
Chuck Norris is unusual in that it infects DSL modems and routers rather than PCs .
It installs itself on routers and modems by guessing default administrative passwords and taking advantage of the fact that many devices are configured to allow remote access .
They ’re behind the times , though .
It should ’ve been the Epic Beard Man Botnet .
Move over , Chuck .
CARACAS -- Venezuela , a country with vast reserves of oil and natural gas , as well as massive rushing waterways that cut through its immense rain forests , strangely finds itself teetering on the verge of an energy crisis .
Venezuela 's seemingly endless resources have allowed the government for decades to just about give away its gasoline -- a full tank of gas in Caracas costs about the same as a can of soda .
But due in part to the assumption by many Venezuelans that energy in all its forms would always be cheap and plentiful , the country is suddenly starved for electrical power , and officials are warning of a possible calamity .
President Hugo Chávez , who won the presidency 11 years ago , in 2007 fully nationalized what was then an already heavily regulated and mostly state - run electricity sector .
Over the years , the sector suffered from a dearth of investment despite sharply rising demand that was fueled by government subsidies that make electricity cheap .
That has left Venezuela , which like most South American countries depends heavily on hydropower , vulnerable .
Last year the country was beset by a drought .
Water levels at the Guri Dam , which is one of the world 's largest hydroelectric dams and supplies Venezuela with 73 % of its electricity , have receded quickly .
As a result , the government can't generate enough power to meet demand .
Mr. Chávez 's electricity minister , Angel Rodriguez , this week said the country is facing an " emergency situation . "
London , England ( CNN ) --
A hovering Toblerone and a silky - white residue join near - misses and strange lights in the British government 's latest release of its files on UFO sightings .
Made public
Thursday , the files are the fifth collection of records about unidentified flying objects to be released by the Ministry of Defence and The National Archives as part of a project to open the files up to a wider audience .
Thursday 's release is the largest so far , totaling more than 6,000 pages of material from 1994 to 2000 .
The files include a sighting by a man in Birmingham , England , in March 1997 .
He said he came home from work at 4 a .m. to see a large blue triangle - shaped craft hovering over his back garden .
It was silent but caused dogs in the neighborhood to bark , the report said .
It " shot off and disappeared " after about three minutes , the report said , leaving behind a " silky - white substance " on the treetops , some of which he saved in a jar .
It was not clear what happened to the jar and its contents .
Another document , from January 1997 , is about a man driving home through south Wales one night when he saw " a ' tube of light ' coming down from the sky , " which at first seemed like a " massive star " coming toward him .
The man 's mobile phone and car radio failed , the report said , and the man got out of his car and was able to walk through the light .
It said he got back in his car but started feeling sick , and he soon developed a skin condition for which he had to see a doctor .
His car was left covered in dirt and dust , the report said .
Other reports are about sightings by groups of people , including one from August 1997 in which five members of a fishing trawler in the North Sea reported seeing a round , flat , shiny object hovering in the sky .
They saw it both with the naked eye and through binoculars , with the report noting , " witness very skeptical of UFOs . "
They tracked the object on their radar for several seconds before it vanished , the report said .
Police officers in Boston , England , and Skegness -- both on England 's east coast , caught a UFO on video at the same time that the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) detected an " unidentified blip " on their radar , the files show .
It happened in October 1996 , when the officers saw " strange rotating red , blue , green and white flashing lights in the sky , " the report said .
A ship in The Wash , a bay near Boston , also saw the lights , and at the same time RAF air defense radars picked up the blip over Boston , the report said .
Press coverage of the incident led the RAF to look into the lights , later identifying some as stars and bright planets , and attributing the radar blip to a " permanent echo " created by a nearby church spire .
The release highlights how the reported shapes of UFOs have changed during the past half - century , the National Archives said .
Many of the reports in the latest file describe UFOs as big , black and triangular , whereas reports from the 1940s and ' 50s tended to be about saucers or disc - shaped objects , they said .
" In the 1950s the next big leap in technology was thought to be a round craft that took off vertically , and it 's intriguing to note that this is the same period when people began to report seeing ' flying saucers ' in the sky , " said David Clarke , author of a book called The UFO Files and a journalism lecturer at Sheffield Hallam University .
He pointed out that in the years covered by the latest file release , triangle - shaped U.S. stealth bombers and Aurora spy planes featured heavily on TV shows like " The X - Files " and movies like Independence Day .
" It 's impossible to prove a direct link between what people are reading and watching and what they report as UFOs , but one interpretation could be that the latest advances in technology may be influencing what people see in the sky , " he said .
A craving for chocolate may have influenced another sighting , that of a " Toblerone - shaped " UFO hovering over Annandale , Scotland , in July 1994 .
The Toblerone is a triangular - shaped Swiss chocolate candy bar .
The files include a sketch of the object , which showed it as 35 - 40 feet long and about 20 feet wide .
It hovered silently about 10 feet above a field with no lights and was " observed for at least 40 minutes , " the report said .
The release also contains several incidents involving UFOs and aircraft , such as a near - miss that happened in January 1995 when a British Airways Boeing 737 was approaching Manchester airport .
The captain and a crew member saw the object , but an investigation by the Civil Aviation Authority failed to identify it , the report said .
An airliner near Glasgow Airport saw white and red flashing lights in December 1996 , but the report simply concluded there was no RAF activity in the area at the time .
By Imogen Foulkes
BBC News , Zurich
Supporters say Switzerland 's animal welfare laws are not being enforced Swiss voters will go to the polls on Sunday to decide on a proposal to appoint state - funded lawyers across the country to represent animals in court .
Supporters of the initiative say such lawyers would help deter cases of animal cruelty and neglect , by making sure that those who did abuse or neglect animals would be properly punished .
Opponents however claim that Switzerland , which already has strict animal protection laws , does not need any more legislation .
The canton of Zurich has in fact had its own animal lawyer for a number of years ; the current incumbent , Antoine Goetschel , is the only state - funded lawyer in Switzerland who goes to court to speak on behalf of animals .
Four - legged clients
His clients include dogs and cats , guinea pigs , cows , horses and sheep , even , recently , a large pike , fished from Lake Zurich .
Under Antoine Goetschel , prosecutions for animal cruelty have increased " It took 10 minutes of struggle to reel the pike in before killing it , " Mr Goetschel explained .
" The fisherman was reported by a long - standing animal rights organisation . "
In fact , Mr Goetschel lost that particular case , but that has not deterred him .
He believes appointing lawyers to speak for those who cannot speak for themselves is the essence of justice .
" People accused of animal cruelty very often hire lawyers to defend themselves , " he pointed out .
" Why should n't someone speak for the animal as well ? "
Zurich success Supporters of a nationwide system of animal lawyers in Switzerland point to the sharp increase of prosecutions for animal cruelty in Zurich since Mr Goetschel started work .
While he can average over a hundred successful cases a year , other cantons rarely have more than one or two .
We see it as unnecessary bureaucracy , a kind of academic exercise
Hans Staub
Dairy farmer
In neighbouring canton Aargau , Marlies Widmer manages a home for neglected animals .
For her , animal lawyers cannot come soon enough .
At the moment Marlies has more than 40 dogs in her care , as well as 30 cats , and several rabbits and guinea pigs .
" These were brought in as three - week old puppies , " she said , pointing to four lively young dogs .
" They were completely emaciated , they had been kept in an underground garage , in the dark . "
Marlies believes Switzerland 's strict animal welfare laws , among them mandatory animal care courses for dog owners , and a prohibition on budgerigars being kept alone in cages , are simply not being enforced .
" At the moment even if there are court cases the fines are tiny , laughably small , " she said .
" They do n't deter people at all , we really want people who have behaved in such a brutal manner towards animals to be properly punished . "
Farmers doubts
But there is one rather powerful lobby in Switzerland with big doubts about yet another layer of animal protection legislation .
Swiss farmers are already struggling with reduced subsidies and falling milk prices , and many fear the introduction of animal lawyers could lead to long , costly , and unnecessary court cases .
The Swiss government is recommending a " no " vote Hans Staub , who has a dairy farm in the town of Waedenswil , is in full compliance with all the many existing laws governing the keeping of cattle .
His cows , each named after a different city from Delhi to Rimini to Granada , are clean and well fed .
In the winter they spend their time mostly in the stall , but , following the rules , Hans lets them out into the fields two or three times a week .
" You know as a farmer I have always thought of an animal 's welfare and dignity as an integral part of my job , " he said .
" But animal lawyers , no , farmers wo n't vote for that .
We see it as unnecessary bureaucracy , a kind of academic exercise . "
What 's more , Hans and his farming colleagues are very suspicious of what they believe is a hidden agenda among those pushing for stricter animal welfare laws .
" Some of these groups actually question the ethics of keeping animals at all , " he pointed out .
" It should be possible for us to do our jobs , all the while respecting our animals , but we are farmers and we want to stay farmers . "
Costly legal fees Antoine Goetschel believes the farmers ' fears are groundless .
" If they keep their animals properly and obey the law , they have absolutely nothing to fear from me , " he insisted .
" But , " he continued , " perhaps the problem is that lots of people just do n't like lawyers ; after all , one in two people nowadays may have a costly divorce behind them . "
In fact , the cost of appointing animal lawyers nationwide may be the proposal 's downfall .
In the past , Swiss voters have been very supportive of tough animal welfare legislation , but this time the government is recommending a " no " vote .
One reason could be that animals who need their day in court will not , of course , be paying the lawyers ' fees - that will be left to the Swiss tax payer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LOS ANGELES , CA ( February 2 , 2010 ) – Announcing one of the widest ranges of highly articulated 8 - inch retro - style action figures in years .
In cooperation with EMCE Toys , Bif Bang Pow ! ™ is proud to bring the original " ’70s style " of play to a brand - new line of articulated action figures based on some of the world 's most popular properties .
Reproductions reminiscent of the best - selling action figures of the 1970s and early 1980s , these
highly articulated figures will feature body designs by EMCE Toys .
Each 8 - inch scale figure will
include real cloth clothing and plastic accessories where appropriate .
Over 40 licensed action figures are planned for 2010 .
The first are targeted for an early summer arrival and Comic - Con International : San Diego 2010 , with others to follow later in the year .
Included are much - demanded characters from :
The Venture Bros.™ ( Cartoon Network )
Dexter™ ( Showtime Networks )
Lost™ ( ABC Disney )
The Big Lebowski™ ( NBC Universal )
The Twilight Zone™ ( CBS )
Flash Gordon™ ( King Features )
Scott Ian ( Anthrax )
The Venture Bros. ™ creator Jackson Publick , who has been working closely with Bif Bang Pow ! to bring these to market , noted that the upcoming figures are “ very impressive and extremely faithful to the characters , while also finding a very comfortable middle ground between 2 - D and 3 - D design .
Bif Bang Pow ! has deftly solved a number of design problems I thought anyone attempting a 3 - D interpretation would get thrown off by .
Brock , especially , is going to make the fanboys crap themselves .
Let 's show these to the world already ! ”
" We 're very excited about launching this new range of action figures .
For the first time in Bif Bang Pow !
history , all of our licenses will be living in the same universe .
So if you 've always wanted Dr. Girlfriend to seduce Dexter Morgan , or for Ming™ the Merciless to fight The Dude , now's your chance ! " , said Jason Lenzi , CEO of Bif Bang Pow ! "
And the exceptional articulation makes the posing possibilities virtually limitless , which comes in handy for animated characters ! "
The 8 - inch format has n't seen this breadth of licenses since its peak during the Mego days , " said Joe Sena , President of SphereWerx , corporate parent of the EMCE Toys brand .
EMCE partner Paul " Dr. Mego " Clarke added , " It is exactly this intention to mix a variety of characters into imaginative play that started my journey to bring this format back ten years ago .
We 're honored that Jason and his team sought us out to ' Mego - ize ' the licenses he holds . " , " said , President of SphereWerx , corporate parent of the EMCE Toys brand .
EMCE partneradded , " . "
Retailers and press can see the first prototypes at New York Toy Fair , February 14 - 17 , 2010 , at the EMCE Toys booth # 4944 .
For sales and to schedule an appointment while attending New York Toy Fair , please contact your EE Distribution account representative or Jenna Banks , Sales Manager , at 818-255-0090 x128 / sales@eedistribution.com in advance .
About Bif Bang Pow !
Bif Bang Pow !™ (
Bif Bang Pow !™ ( bifbangpow.com ) produces first - rate collectibles for such popular properties as Dexter™ , Lost™ , Californication™ , The Venture Bros.™ , The Twilight Zone™ , The Big Lebowski™ , and Flash Gordon™ .
Founder Jason Lenzi is a seasoned television producer and the ultimate fan of cultish pop culture .
So when he created his company in 2005 , he took the fan 's perspective .
His idea was to bring items to the marketplace that he himself would want to own .
Cultivated from TV , movies , books , comics , music , and more , Bif Bang Pow ! ’s mission is to provide high - quality action figures , toys , and collectibles to the massive cult audience ( and kids of all ages ) that wishes these toys were already in their collection .
Bif Bang Pow ! is a unit of JLA Direct , LLC .
The
Inspired by the original action figure company , Mego Corp. , we strive to craft quality , durable action figures , playsets , and collectibles that recreate the sense of fun that toys were originally made for .
Our launch lines are either licensed reproductions of original Mego toys and packaging , or original creations modeled after the classic lines of the 1970s and early 1980s .
EMCE is proud to have the active input and cooperation of Marty Abrams , founder of Mego and father of the modern action figure .
We hope to continue to honor his legacy with our work .
We have also been honored to incorporate the talents of veteran artist Harold Shull , original illustrator of Mego 's classic and distinctive packaging from the 1970s .
As we continue to extend this kind of inclusion of the original Mego teams , we get closer to our goal of bringing Mego back as a viable toy company in all but name .
EMCE was created by veteran pop culture entrepreneur Joe Sena , President of SphereWerx , LLC , and craftsman Paul " Dr. Mego " Clarke .
About EMCE ToysThe EMCE
Toys brand ( pronounced " em- see " ) was founded to bring playability back to toys .
Inspired by the original action figure company , Mego Corp. , we strive to craft quality , durable action figures , playsets , and collectibles that recreate the sense of fun that toys were originally made for .
Our launch lines are either licensed reproductions of original Mego toys and packaging , or original creations modeled after the classic lines of the 1970s and early 1980s .
EMCE is proud to have the active input and cooperation of Marty Abrams , founder of Mego and father of the modern action figure .
We hope to continue to honor his legacy with our work .
We have also been honored to incorporate the talents of veteran artist Harold Shull , original illustrator of Mego 's classic and distinctive packaging from the 1970s .
As we continue to extend this kind of inclusion of the original Mego teams , we get closer to our goal of bringing Mego back as a viable toy company in all but name .
EMCE was created by veteran pop culture entrepreneur Joe Sena , President of SphereWerx , LLC , and craftsman Paul " Dr. Mego " Clarke .
( Many , many heartfelt thanks to our friends at Bif Bang Pow ! for giving the Mego Museum the opportunity to break this news to the world ! )
Discuss this on the Mego Museum Forums
Labels : bifbangpow , EMCE , flash gordon , Remego , Twilight Zone , Venture Brothers
So , a while back , Google started providing location services .
This seemed pretty cool , but I kind of ignored it until recently when I was playing with my Android ’s location API .
With the GPS off , and no cell towers visible ( my basement gets terrible cell service ) , my phone knew within about 500 feet of where it actually was .
All I was connected to was my wifi .
Bottom line : it seems that Google , among other methods , is likely wardriving while photographing for Street View .
They are now able to pinpoint wifi access points if they happened to see it while driving through your city .
I ’m really rather astonished that no one is freaking out about this ; I ’m a bit unnerved .
I implemented the location - of - your - wifi API quickly , so I could terrify myself further .
You can do lookups via my location website too , if you want .
UPDATE : yeah , it would seem to be crowd - sourced wifi and cell tower triangulation data .
I should say “ Google is WarCrowding ” .
© 2010 , Kees Cook .
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike 4.0 License .
Once again we had a successful kickoff , this time in Berlin .
It was a great experience and I learned a lot about the history – its a pity that they ’ve cleaned out most of it but luckily some sensible persons stopped them so theres still some scars left for the next generations to see .
I understand though that they wanted to get rid of it , they wanted to start with blank sheets and who are we to decide that they should be a gigantic museum .
Our hotel was located near Alexander Platz , a grim area with concrete and enormous roads but deeper into the city centre we found the cozy buildings , the ones that I imagine thinking of Germany .
We walked a lot , took the trams , trains , subs and buses – I think we were everywhere .
I took a lot of pictures but I think this is my favourite .
Hundreds of snowmen near the Dom :
Heres from an area where they have n’t removed all scars , the wall , the tower and the fusebox is still there .
Lots of people tried to pass this area but failed .
Here is one of the Stasi buildings , this is were the new arrests were taken in and interrogated .
An artist once asked people in Berlin what they would like to know about the building – the artist printed their questions onto these signs on the building .
We also visited the ghost stations , Checkpoint Charlie and all the other sites .
We had a great guide who could tell us all the details .
One of the things that surprised me was that so many of the citizens were members of Stasi , some says each 6th were on Stasi ’s payroll – no wonder people got psyked out .
They could n’t trust their neighbor .
Else there were lots of great buildings to see , here is the Berlin Cathedral ( Berlin Dom ) seen from the DDR Museum , I stitched it together from many shots :
Have you seen a bigger gate than this ?
This is what the communist leaders would see when they came to Berlin for a visit :
They wanted to tear this down too but so many people live there now so they were denied .
Here is the known TV tower in Berlin , I tried to catch the “ God ’s Vengeance ” but a bit difficult from this angle .
Der geplante Ägyptenurlaub einer Familie aus Stuttgart ist gründlich in die Hose gegangen : Aus Witz behauptete der 42 - jährige Familienvater am Flughafen , er habe Sprengstoff in seiner Unterwäsche versteckt – ein teurer Scherz , denn selbst Frau und Kind durften die Reise daraufhin nicht antreten .
The ever insightful William Black sits down with PBS ' Paul Solman to note that most of the too big to fail banks are currently insolvent , that mortgage fraud is pervasive and lender complicit , and that unlike in previous systemic crashes , not only person has been indicted for the trillions in mortgage fraud perpetrated .
" At this stage we have zero convictions , we have zero indictments . "
But the most damning indictment from Black : that Congress managed to extort FASB to change their rules just so that the big banks would continue to appear healthy and solvent , even as unworthy execs made tens of billions in bonuses .
PAUL SOLMAN : What would you have us do about the major financial institutions as they currently exist ?
WILLIAM BLACK : First , stop them from getting bigger .
The 19 largest institutions are what we call systemically dangerous institutions .
Many of them are already insolvent on any real market value basis .
PAUL SOLMAN : What do you mean insolvent ?
I mean , they 're reporting large enough profits , that they can give bonuses to their employees .
WILLIAM BLACK :
They were able to get Congress to extort FASB , which is the Accounting Standards Board , to change the rules , so that you no longer have to recognize losses on your bad loans , unless and until you actually sell them .
PAUL SOLMAN : Extort FASB ?
Why would it be extorting FASB ?
WILLIAM BLACK :
They said , you will change the rules , and you will change the rules such that banks no longer have to recognize their losses , or we will remove your authority over the accounting rules , which is the whole reason for existence for FASB , right ?
So , that 's extortion in anybody 's language .
And for all those who still do n't get just why the big banks do n't care if they get even bigger and even more systematically riskier ( and why the Fed is dying to regulate them , just so that ever more problems can be swept under the rug until it is too late ) .
PAUL SOLMAN : You see no arguments that keeping the system as it is , is a legitimate political objective ?
WILLIAM BLACK : Well , then you are going to have recurrent crises that get bigger and are disastrous .
The financial firms get this burst of short - term profits .
They max out their personal bonuses of their executives .
It 's great for them , but it 's terrible for the world .
Full interview :
h/t Ian
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Gordon Brown has pledged to secure the economic recovery and make government more accountable , as he unveiled his five election pledges .
He hailed Labour as the " people 's party " in a speech to activists .
He pledged to raise living standards , protect frontline services , strengthen fairness and build a hi-tech economy .
Tory leader David Cameron said Mr Brown should not " dither " and must call an election , while Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg called the pledges " vacuous " .
In a rallying speech to Labour Party members in Nottingham , Mr Brown said : " We are fighting for Britain 's future - and we intend to win . "
We are the people 's party and we are pledged to serve the people
Gordon Brown Election pledges on the cards for Brown
He said he knew people were sceptical about politicians ' pledges but said these were " not general pledges without details , without tests , without scrutiny " .
He promised new ways of measuring progress against the pledges online , and said cabinet ministers would have to sign up to public , annual contracts outlining what they were expected to deliver .
Their positions would be subject to delivery - " just as it would be in a business or any other organisation " , he said .
He also said the head of the civil service , Cabinet Secretary Sir Gus O'Donnell , would be asked to " performance manage " departments ' top civil servants against their delivery of the pledges .
Web founder Sir Tim Berners - Lee was working on creating " maximum possible information available to the public at all times " , he said .
' British people first '
" This rapid extension of transparency will show in real time how government are delivering against our pledges . "
Mr Brown added : " We will put the British people first , before personal interests , before our party interests , before any vested interests .
" We are the people 's party and we are pledged to serve the people . "
But in his own speech to activists , Mr Cameron said he had thought Mr Brown might have " finally summoned up the courage " to call the election but said instead he was taking people for " fools " .
" He says in future he 's going to have a contract for each cabinet minister , detailing what you expect them to do .
What a great idea .
Labour has defended the pledges against criticisms of " vagueness " " Just imagine if this contract had been written for the Parliament we have just had - that the contract with Alistair Darling was to double the national debt and give us record youth unemployment ...
What a complete nonsense .
" Once again the prime minister taking people for fools , not deserving re-election , and that is what we are going to stop . "
He said there was a " big choice " at the general election : " This election is going to take place , we have at most before May 6 , 40 days and 40 nights to make our case and to bring change to this country .
" That is the time that we 've got left to win this great argument - do you want to stick with what you know or do you want change with the Conservatives ? "
He added : " We are ready to fight it whenever he is ready to call it . "
' Empty promises ' Mr Clegg said : " It is astonishing that after 13 years in charge , the best Labour can come up with is a list of vacuous pledges wrapped up in management speak .
" Between them Labour and the Conservatives have failed to come up with a single specific positive reason to vote for them .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" This is the old politics and the old politics is simply not good enough anymore . "
Plaid Cymru 's leader at Westminster , Elfyn Llwyd , called the pledges " vague and meaningless , " adding it was " quite simply an insult to the intelligence of voters that they now expect people to believe they 'll actually do all this " .
Mr Brown later addressed Scottish Labour 's spring conference in Glasgow , where he reiterated the party 's election pledges .
But the Scottish National Party 's leader at Westminster , Angus Robertson , said no - one believed Labour 's " empty promises " .
" Labour remain in denial over their disastrous economic mismanagement which has taken the UK to the brink of bankruptcy and led to the highest level of UK debt ever , " Mr Robertson said .
Earlier Mr Brown told the Guardian he would keep Alistair Darling as Chancellor if Labour wins - there has been much speculation he would be replaced by Ed Balls .
The PM also said victims of anti-social behaviour would be allowed to use public funds from their local authority to take out civil injunctions , if police were too slow to act .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Aquarium
Alternate Formats : HTML | TXT | EPUB | MOBI | PRC | PDF | FB2 | LIT | LRF | PDB | PMLZ | RB
ART BY JOHN DAVID BROWN
READ BY MIRACLE JONES
MUSIC BY GOODMAN CARTER
*** Read " The Aquarium " as a crowd - sorted digital cut - up here !***
There was an octopus on Lily Mackie 's front porch when she arrived home from work , keys jingling in her hand and hair slipping from the sloppy bun it was pinned in ten hours earlier .
The thing was dead , sprawled across the warm concrete in a small , shriveled slump of arms .
Its head was flat , gluey , and slick like a placental sack stinking in the late afternoon sun .
Setting down her purse and jacket beside the heels of her red pumps , Lily crouched beside it with her breath held and a cautious hand .
She brushed her index and middle fingers across the sloping crest above the animal 's eye , now a wad of yellow jelly in a round socket , crowned by a swarm of greedy flies .
She scrunched her face at the wet , soft sound it made when pressure was applied , and then touched it again .
It was nothing , Lily decided aloud .
Surely it ended up here by way of some practical joke by the neighbor 's children , or even a bird , scooping the creature up from the bay and dropping it while flying to its nest .
Perhaps it was from some unstable vagrant , drifting through the neighborhood breaking into homes , or hurling things at peoples ' houses .
Like the ones her mother was always going on about , wringing her thin hands while watching the six o'clock news .
Crime was everywhere , after all .
Lily was often reminded of this on Sunday afternoons spent with her mother after church .
Since moving to the city that was all Lily ever heard about from her mother , the crime rates and tabloid television .
It was depressing sometimes , but Lily never complained .
Whatever it was that brought the octopus to her doorstep , it stared up at Lily with cloudy eyes , wet and dead .
For a moment , sitting on sore knees with creases of dirt forming in her black pencil skirt , Lily stared back .*** Lily was seven - years - old when she saw an octopus for the first time .
It was a family trip , just Lily , her mother , and her father .
One of the trips they used to take before he left them for the promise of another wife in another town with two children that Lily would never meet , packing a suitcase three nights before Lily 's ninth birthday .
They went to the Aquarium on this trip , where Lily held onto her mother 's hand , sporting a small , toothy smile and wearing a green patterned dress .
Lily had only ever known octopuses as caricatures in children 's cartoons , with brightly colored faces and soft fat bodies with curly - q 's for arms .
Octopuses were supposed to smile with blocky white teeth and blue eyes and sing songs about sharing .
Instead the octopus at the Gladewater Aquarium stared at Lily , eyes dead through the deep glass plate of its invisible cage like something from Mars .
It did not smile .
Lily did not know if she wanted it to , even if it could .
Its face lacked the playful mouth and blocky teeth , and all of the other loveable features of its Saturday morning counterpart .
The eyes were yellow starbursts , like fireworks , giant glass marbles beneath exaggerated brows -- ageless and unkind .
Molasses - slow , the octopus moved like an unfurling umbrella of bumpy , pigment - dotted flesh , an alien in black water , drifting in unreal time .
Squeezing her mother 's thin hand , Lily thought it was beautiful .
For her ninth birthday she would ask for an octopus to keep in a tank on her dresser .
Her mother simply laughed at the time .
After her father left , the laughter stopped altogether .
When Lily was thirteen she would discover boys .
Then high school , college , broken hearts ; things wanted and things left behind .
She would never think of octopuses again .*** Lily put the shriveled body of the octopus in two white plastic grocery bags and set it in the trash can on the curb .
This had seemed undignified .
She knew she had a hand shovel sitting on the floor of the kitchen pantry by the dustpan , and a small spot in the garden by the driveway .
But Lily did not know if she could explain to Mrs .
Hume across the street , sitting on her front porch with her daily crosswords and reading glasses , why she was burying an octopus in the flower garden .
Instead she threw it atop two empty boxes of Cheerios and some used AA batteries .
It was another piece of trash , Lily assured herself , closing her front door and switching on the porch light .
She made pasta for one , watched television alone , and went to bed .
The shadows on the wall above the headboard curled like tentacles in slow - motion over her cold sheets , but Lily paid them no mind .*** On Monday , Lily took lunch fifteen minutes early .
Mr. Berkley could not say no , after all , waving her off with a nod and the beginnings of a smile .
Not after the nights spent at her desk when everyone else had gone home , and the holidays she had worked because Sally and Rachael already had plans .
It kept her from having to spend them in an empty house , but Lily never mentioned that .
Instead of the cafe on 5th and Chambers , where Lily usually picked up the Monday tuna - on - rye special , she parked outside the Gladewater Aquarium .
She stared up at the unassuming brick face building with her hands tight on the rubber steering wheel cover .
The tiny square windows dotting the building 's exterior in lined rows were now a tired green under the television - colored midday sky -- not at all like the ocean blue of her memory .
Lily swallowed tightly , and thought of her octopus .
Her childhood octopus was long dead and Lily knew that .
It had either been tossed out in the trash , or left to rot on the floor of its tank until picked clean by fish .
There was something fragile about the thought as Lily walked through the corridors of tanks , inexplicably nervous .
Her stomach knotted , tight with a slick , strange fear that she could not name , her red pumps clicking against cold tile .
Octopuses lived brief and solitary existences , living long enough only to produce their young in clutches of perfect eggs , then dying .
There was something noble in that , she thought ; the kind of tragic beauty that came with living up to one 's purpose .
Lily could admire that .
Animals swam by in a shimmer of scales and Technicolor .
Sharks roamed the tanks in circles like trained dogs , following tropical fish with angular faces and gaping mouths that moved in a slow rainbow of eyes .
Lily stared at the inky black water lit by man-made light , and felt somehow worse for it .
" Are you waiting for something ?
" Lily looked up and saw the woman standing a yard from her left elbow in a layered black outfit , covered in buttons and straps .
Dark hair framed her round features in a sharp , heavy fringe , cut like an inverted crescent above her brow line .
The rest of the choppy strands were pulled up into loose buns on either side of her head , held in place by sections of red ribbon .
Her eyes were light and spotted ( like fireworks ) , her mouth pulled into a curious smile at one corner , lit up by the fake blue glow of the tank lights .
Then again , the smile could have been a trick of Lily 's imagination .
" Oh . "
Lily flinched , swallowed , and smiled weakly .
" No , not really , " she half - lied , and shuffled slightly in her red pumps .
" Just felt like watching the fish for a bit .
It 's supposed to be calming ... I could use some calming today , I think . " " Oh , " the woman mimicked , although in a lower affectation .
Her eyes did not leave Lily 's face .
" I guess we all could , these days .
" There was a pause between them that settled between their bodies and the fish swimming around them in their manmade sea .
" You just looked like you were looking for somebody , " the other woman said , disregarding the silence .
It made Lily 's fingers tighten around the strap of her shoulder purse .
" Maybe a friend .
" Lily only smiled .
" No . " Looking at the glimmer of passing blue scales , Lily said nothing about the octopus .
" Not today . " *** Lily did not speak of shadows , nor dead octopuses , to anyone .
She took her tuna - on - rye at her desk and did not ask Mr. Berkley for any more favors .
She did not contemplate strangers at aquariums , nor rotting flesh at the bottom of the sea , nor what was in her trash can .
There was nothing to explain , nor nothing to tell .
Sometimes on the street Lily passed a woman with fireworks in her eyes , but said nothing of that either .
It would be three days before Lily saw the shadows again , curling from behind the bedroom door in broad black arms .
She paid them no mind at first .
Blamed it on an overactive imagination or bad late - night television and willed herself to sleep , face buried in her pillowcase with a determined sigh .
Instead of finding sleep behind closed eyes , Lily 's mind conjured visions of black water and firework starbursts .
The creak of the bedroom door – old hinges , she assured herself – gave her goose - flesh and she sucked in a breath between her teeth .
She blamed that on the television , too .
Perhaps she should be more like her mother and only watch the news .
Her mother would like that .
Tendrils crept around her bedroom walls .
With the slow , sticky sound of wet flesh the octopus arms wound down her bedposts in languid stop - motion to drop , drip , winding out across the floor beneath her bed - frame and slipping beneath her sheets .
They curled to touch her toes , greedy suction cups biting into the bottoms of her feet , curling around her ankles as they slithered up her calves , wet and cold and alive .
Each arm had its own mind , slow , determined , like the touch of the lover she did not have .
Lily gasped .
Something tight and dreadful knotted in her belly as she felt the limbs move around her , holding her .
Cradling , molding their lengths to the curves of her thighs and hips .
A single limb curled around her belly in a slow caress , slipping inside the waistband of her sleep - pants to the elastic of her panties .
It pulled them down ; dipping passed the cotton to catch its teeth on the skin of her pubic bone and in the soft thatch of hair there .
Lily had meant to scream .
She wanted to , but no sound came , sucked back into her chest by a dry sob .
With shaking hands
Lily reached down to where her sheets writhed , pulling back the covers and finding nothing there , save two legs and tousled bedclothes .*** For days Lily drove passed the exit ramp to the Gladewater Aquarium on her way to work , staring at the highway sign as though it held some small parcel of knowledge .
Some answer .
She knew better than that .
Palms damp with nervous sweat on the steering wheel cover , Lily bit her lip and watched the sign speed by in a blur of green metal .
Afterward , she felt nothing , only a hollow pit in the core of her belly ; just as there had been when her father left .
On the third day there was note sitting on her cubicle desk , yellow notebook paper folded twice over .
Words in a short , feminine hand , scribbled in black ink .
" What are you waiting for ? "
Lily stared at the slip of paper , and thought of the jelly eyes of the dead octopus .
She tucked the note inside her purse and told no one , waiting for five o'clock to come .
Across town it was already near dark by the time Lily arrived at Gladewater Aquarium , just as the doors were being locked for the night .
She put her car in park and sat there , hands on the steering wheel and her hair already slipping free of its haphazard bun .
She did not know what she was waiting for , what had brought her here at all , or if it would bring her some peace .
Her childhood octopus was long dead , and what did any of it matter ?
There were no answers for the shadows on her walls , the octopus on her stoop , or the letter left on her desk .
Blinking , she caught sight of plastic and straps from under the stoplight across the street .
The woman walked towards her car with black - gloved arms , her heavy boots carrying her dark - swathed frame .
Instead of shrinking back , starting the car , and driving away , Lily held her breath .
Smiling curiously , the woman lightly rapped on her passenger door with a single thin finger .
" You got my letter .
" Swallowing , Lily did not hesitate to unlock the door .
They did not speak , creeping through the congestion of uptown traffic after dark .
The woman in Lily 's passenger seat wore black lipstick and looked like she fell out of some exotic fashion magazine , all flowing black and pristine .
Perhaps one of the Japanese or Italian journals Lily had often seen while in line at book stores , but which she never picked up .
Lily did her best to watch the traffic ahead of them and not be mesmerized by the play of jaundiced streetlight across the woman 's smooth features .
" You were waiting for me . "
Lily 's voice was barely above a whisper .
" Why are you doing this ? " " What am I doing ? " " You 're ... "
Something tightened in the pit of her chest .
Feeling her eyes dampen Lily bit her bottom lip and felt vulnerable .
" You 're frightening me . " " I 'm sorry . "
The yellow and gold seemed to change colors in the woman 's eyes .
" That 's not my intention . " " Then what is your intention ? "
Lily asked , knowing better .
The mimic canted her head , features smoothing of all emotion .
" To care for you , " she said , imitating Lily 's dry murmur , her black lips catching the glint from the lamps outside .
Gloved fingers reached up to curl around the curve of Lily 's chin .
For a moment Lily did not notice the tears swelling in the corners of her own eyes as they slid wetly down her cheeks .*** Lily did not ask the woman 's name as they walked up the steps to her house , silent save the hitch of her own breath and the click - clack of her red heels on concrete .
Neither did she ask her name as she took her by her hand and led her to the bedroom .
They were beyond the point of questions when the strange woman 's fingers threaded through Lily 's fingers .
The woman 's mouth tasted like salt water when Lily kissed it as she slid her fingers into her black hair .
Hands found Lily 's hips and waist ; her back and her breasts , plucking her blouse open gingerly , her gloved digits sliding inside and pushing it from her shoulders .
Black lips kissed Lily 's cheek , chin , and collarbone , and her thighs felt weak beneath the fall of her pencil skirt .
Her fingers struggled with buttons and snaps , layers of fabric and texture , as Lily brought a free hand to the other 's hair and tugged , wanting to pull her somehow closer until their flesh and clothing melted together .
When she finally removed the woman 's outer layer , strange hands came to her chest and pushed .
Lily let out a cry as she fell back , sprawling across the bed behind them .
Without a pause , the woman 's mouth was on hers again , her slender black body stretching over Lily 's and her fingers slipping beneath her skirt .
Lily moaned , an unnatural sound , the tips of her well - manicured fingers pulling at the last stays on the other 's shirt and tossing it aside .
The skin beneath was cold to the touch , pulled tight over a thin framework of bones .
Lily gasped , pulling away and looking over the woman 's chest -- thin , frail , her breasts smooth of anything resembling human nipples .
It was then that Lily noticed the spots of rough skin dotting the nearly translucent expanse of the woman 's long torso .
The change in pigmentation travelled from the crook of her arms in a leathery hide down to her extended fingertips in textured flesh once hidden by gloves .
Touching it now , Lily thought of the dead octopus and shivered .
Her hand , still tangled in the other 's black hair , became slick , caught by the toothy suction cups of tentacles hiding between the strands .
The tentacles curled around Lily 's fingers , up her wrist and along her arms in a half - dozen spindly limbs , keeping her there as though she would wrench away in rejection .
Another arm curled around her chin , others still between her thighs and around her hips : wet , sticky and unreal .
It was then that Lily realized the tentacles ' origins , the boots and bottoms of the octopus lying on the bed in a heap of fabric .
Eight tendrils , thick and winding , sprouted from her waist where her legs should have been , writhing around Lily of their own will .
Each limb was wide and fat like the length of an eel , black and leathery to the touch , all musculature and no bone , pulling , holding .
Like a writhing mass of flesh , engulfing Lily in her small cold bed , all touch and caress .
" Is this what you wanted ? " the octopus asked .
Her voice was a loving murmur , low and heavy and pulled from the depths of the sea itself .
A single tentacle pushed stray hair from Lily 's brow -- wet and cold .
She melted away into the creature 's embrace .
" Yes , " she whispered , if only to hear herself say it .
Read more stories !
Be afraid !
Be very afraid !
Those evil particle physicists are at it again with their massive high - energy colliders , and if they 're not closely monitored , their high - falutin ' " experiments " might put an end to the universe as we know it .
This could be doomsday , people , the ultimate Apocalypse !
At least that 's what an average citizen might think if they happened to stumble on this little item on Slashdot , which Jen-Luc Piquant found courtesy of the mystery blogger behind Angry Physics .
It resurrects the rumor of universe - destroying mini- black holes that could be created once CERN's Large Hadron Collider goes online in -- is it 2008 ?
I have n't been keeping up with the official start date .
I 'm sure it 's just a coincidence that the item appeared on the five - year anniversary of those infamous terrorist attacks on NYC and DC .
Nonetheless , the smell of fear -- or at least of fear - mongering -- was still lingering in the air as various members of the Bush administration capped off a pre-election week of stumping across the nation , telling us why we should still be absolutely terrified of innocent - seeming items like bottled water and shampoo , which MIGHT EXPLODE ANY MINUTE .
However , in fairness to the White House , concerns over continuing terrorist threats are much , much more valid than the worry that the LHC will end Life As We Know It On Earth -- almost infinitely so .
Terrorist attacks have actually happened , and our country is still a major target of extremist groups , so a certain degree of caution should appropriately be exercised .
( I still say the whole liquids and gels ban on flights is ludicrous , however . )
Even in physics , one should n't dismiss a potential risk outright , particularly since the LHC will achieve unprecedented energies that will hopefully lead to exciting new physics .
" New physics " implies that scientists could find something surprising , or revolutionary , which could in turn be potentially dangerous .
After all , Wilhelm Roentgen never dreamed in 1898 that his newly discovered x-rays could be fatal in large doses -- the proverbial double - edged sword .
But in case people have forgotten , this is n't the first time we 've heard about mini - black holes being produced in colliders .
Brookhaven 's Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC ) generated all kinds of world - ending rumors when it fired up in 1999 , prompting the Sunday Times of London to print an hysterical article with the headline , " Big Bang Machine Could Destroy Earth ! "
Congress called for special hearings , and legend has it that one reporter called Brookhaven to ask whether RHIC had already created a black hole that swallowed the plane of John F. Kennedy Jr. as it flew past Long Island .
( I would like to think this story is apocryphal , but alas , it probably is n't . )
Most of the RHIC hysteria centered not on mini - black holes , but on strangelets : an object formed should strange quarks stick around long enough after a high - energy collision to combine with up and down quarks .
If a resulting strangelet had a negative charge -- an even more unlikely prospect than a strangelet forming in the first place -- it would gobble up all normal matter it encountered , until the entire universe was converted into strangelets .
Aiee !
Fortunately , the probability of this happening is , at best , on a par with winning the lottery not just once , but more than 10 times in a row .
And that 's an optimistic estimate .
My favorite quote at the time was by MIT physicist Robert Jaffe , who told New York Newsday that , with regard to the formation of strangelets , it was more likely that " a spaceship is going to land in the middle of Texas , and that aliens are going to come out and tell us that the New York Yankees are all aliens . "
My point is that both of these prospects have been carefully studied , in depth , by a panel of top - notch experts in the field , a mere 7 years ago , and found to be , well , fairly preposterous .
Mini black holes might be a wee bit more likely than the formation of strangelets , but even if they are produced , they would n't pose a threat .
Why is that ?
You might well ask .
Two words : Hawking radiation .
Back in the 1990s , Stephen Hawking showed that black holes can emit tiny particles of radiation , which cause them to lose mass over time , gradually winking out of existence .
It 's the result of virtual particle pairs popping out of the quantum vacuum near a black hole .
Normally they would collide and annihilate into energy , but sometimes one of the pair gets sucked into the black hole , resulting in an apparent violation of energy conservation .
The mass of the black hole must decrease slightly as a result to counter this effect and ensure that energy is still conserved .
How fast it evaporates depends on the black hole 's size : the smaller it is , the faster it evaporates .
Ergo , even in the event the LHC produced mini black holes , they would be roughly the size of an electron , and would evaporate in mere fractions of a second .
Ultimately , the best argument against the latest " mini black holes " doomsday scenario is the same as for RHIC and its hypothetical strangelets : it has n't happened yet in the earth 's atmosphere , which is routinely bombarded by cosmic rays , and has been for billions of years , yet no evidence for strangelets or mini - black holes has been detected .
Ditto for the high - energy collisions at RHIC , which has been operating for several years now .
Okay , that last bit is not quite accurate : there 's some debate among particle theorists about whether RHIC has produced a fireball with properties strikingly similar to a black hole .
But as predicted theoretically , whatever it was proved too short - lived to pose a catastrophic risk ; it was n't even around long enough to collect much data beyond the mess of squiggly lines pictured at right .
Neither the RHIC nor the LHC doomsday scenarios are unique in modern physics history .
During the years of the Manhattan Project in the 1940s , there were concerns that a nuclear explosion would set the Earth 's atmosphere .
( Gratuitous Morpheus quote from The Matrix : " It was we who scorched the sky . " )
SLAC 's B factory caused ripples of doomsday concerns when it came online , and there were fears in the 1990s that Fermilab 's Tevatron might create a supernova instead of ( or in addition to ) discovering the top quark .
All proved to be unfounded .
So why does this kind of irrational panic keep happening every time a major physics experiment is slated to begin ?
For starters , human fear is n't logical , and we 're living in an age of unprecedented scientific progress , in which the public is both fascinated by , and fearful of , what science has wrought , and what it might produce in the future .
It 's also an era where the knowledge gap between scientists and the average person on the street could more appropriately be termed a yawning chasm .
The panic stems from ignorance of the actual physics at work .
Normally this would be our cue to decry , once again , the sad state of scientific literacy ( or lack thereof ) in this country .
And we are , indeed , still concerned about this .
But in fairness to the public , sometimes physicists forget what it was like not to have a PhD in the field .
Consider all the science stuff people need to know just to make sense of it all .
Thanks to popular authors like Hawking and the seeping of the notion into popular culture ( Futurama played with black hole physics in one memorable episode ) , the average citizen probably has a rudimentary grasp of black holes and the effects of extreme gravity .
But they do n't necessarily know about Hawking radiation , which requires a solid grasp of concepts like matter and antimatter , virtual particles , energy conservation , and energy / mass conversions , just for starters .
And they do n't have a good grasp of relative size scales , so a " mini black hole " might call to mind something the size of a donut , rather than a teensy subatomic particle .
Nor will they appreciate the associated physical differences related to size -- like the strength of the object 's gravitational pull , for instance , or the amount of energy required to produce a top quark .
( The energy to make a top quark is impressive when expressed in GeVs , but extrapolate that to the macroscale , and it amounts to roughly the energy required for an adult male to perform a single pushup . )
Matters are n't much better when it comes to the inner workings of the actual facilities .
The public knows ( at least one hopes they do ) that physicists are smashing atoms inside giant colliders , but they do n't understand that producing a mini black hole -- or a top quark , Higgs boson , or hypothetical graviton , for that matter -- requires concentrating sufficient mass into very tiny spaces to reach the literally astronomical high energies needed to recreate early cosmic conditions in the lab .
And even then , it would probably require that string theory be correct in its assumption that gravity is n't as weak as it seems to be , because it can seep into extra dimensions -- meaning it would be much stronger at the Planck scales at which such dimensions might exist .
So now we 're asking them to be conversant in basic string theory and extra- dimensional concepts as well , not to mention the notion of a Planck scale .
Given the fact that there are members of the public with active brain cells who can't even remember that the earth orbits the sun , not vice versa , and it seems a lot to ask of the average nonscientist , especially if they 're distracted by the season premiere of Grey 's Anatomy .
I wish I had a solution to the problem , other than to echo everyone else in calling for a redoubling of our education and outreach efforts .
But sometimes it seems to be a losing battle , does n't it ?
Granted , it 's discouraging at times , but I still say it 's a war worth waging .
Otherwise , think of what a less - than - scientifically - literate layperson might make of last month 's breaking news about graphene : " Black Hole in a Pencil , " the Science magazine headline read .
Pencils ?
Black holes ?
What could possibly be the connection ?
That headline gave me pause , and I 'm reasonably scientifically literate .
I even know a little bit about graphene , thanks to my regular attendance at certain physics conferences .
( I 'm hoping to write a more extensive post on the subject at some point , but I 'm still muddling through the technical details . )
In essence , graphene is the two - dimensional version of graphite , the stuff of pencil lead .
There was some doubt as to whether this was even possible -- for it to be truly 2D it would have to be a mere atom thick , making it also highly unstable -- but Andre Geim and cohorts at the University of Manchester in the UK succeeded in creating sheets of graphene in 2004 , and have been investigating this new substance further ever since .
It 's pretty exciting stuff .
Much has been made of the material 's potential for creating ultrafast molecular - scale transistors , especially the fact that the electrons in graphene zip along at the speed of light , as if they had no mass -- contrary to special relativity , which says no object with even the tiniest bit of mass can ever exactly reach the speed of light .
Geim 's latest results suggest that graphene can also shoot electrons through other materials as if they were invisible , making it possible to test the so - called Klein paradox in a tabletop experiment .
( You can see nifty movies of the effect here . )
It 's related to quantum tunneling , in which electrons can tunnel through supposedly insurmountable energy barriers .
The likelihood for tunneling decreases the higher or thicker the energy barriers that are raised , and infinitely high walls should reduce those chances to zero .
Oskar Klein , however , said that if particles were moving fast enough ( i.e. , at the speed of light ) , they could pass through even infinitely high barriers .
It 's the kind of bizarre behavior that would normally require superheavy atoms or -- ta-da ! -- black holes .
Um ...
That 's it ?
That 's the " connection " between pencils and black holes ?
I understand if you feel a bit cheated , since the connection seems pretty tenuous at best .
Sure , Science was attempting to find a creative , fun little angle to liven up a potentially dry topic , but in this case , it 's highly misleading .
They let their own cleverness impede effective communication of the essential concepts .
I guarantee the average non-scientist reader would just hear " black hole " and " pencil , " and react accordingly .
( On the upside Jen -Luc points out that hardly anyone outside the scientific community is likely to read Science . )
Blame the editors if one day , in the near future , some poor kid taking the SATs starts worrying that his Number 2 pencil could make like a black hole at any moment , and quite possibly destroy the universe .
