What Did I Do to Deserve This , My Lord !?
2 is the latest real - time strategy / god game following its first predecessor exclusively for download through the Playstation Store .
Gamers step into the role of the God of Destruction and servant of the Overlord Badman , who is trying to conquer the world .
The basic objectives of the game are to build dungeons and create a monster army through the use of a natural food chain to defend the Overlord Badman from human heroes that try to seek out and slay him .
The game world is made up of nine areas that contain a certain amount of waves of heroes to defeat in order to gain control of the region .
Once you choose which region you would like to attack , the dungeon screen is brought up showing the surface and the underground where there are soil blocks that players dig with the cursor in a shape of a pickaxe in order to carve out a confusing labyrinth to thwart the inevitable attack of the heroes on the surface .
However , you are given a limited amount of dig power , so players need to find a balance between creating an economical and effective dungeon and creating a strong monster army .
Once you ’ve created a nice balance of confusing mazes and strong monsters , heroes begin their descent into the dungeon .
After you ’ve defeated each wave of heroes , you are able to upgrade your monster ’s attack and defense attributes .
Once you defeated all the heroes in that area , the region becomes a part of Badman ’s dominion and a section of the Overlord ’s castle begins to surface in the middle of the ocean from the depths of the netherworld .
The concepts of monster creation in WDIDDTML2 !? are somewhat complex .
Beginning with the soil blocks , they are rated at different levels containing a certain amount of nutrients and mana , which are necessary to create your monster army .
For instance , the level 1 soil block is the most basic , which creates the soilmoss , who are nutrient carriers .
In order to get the wheels moving in your monster ecosystem , you need to create these nutrient carriers in order to spread nutrients to other soil blocks in order to enrich those other blocks to create new and more powerful monsters .
Knowing how to balance the food chain can take a couple playthroughs .
The food chain process can be better explained in the game ’s extensive tutorial as there are so many different combinations to create monsters .
Once players become familiar with the basics of the gameplay , the game becomes highly addictive because each playthrough allows for players to try different ways to create new , unique monsters providing for a new gaming experience .
Also , as you discover new creatures and heroes , their information becomes compiled in the monster almanac , which allows you to see their unique attributes so that you can plan and emphasize on a much more efficient fighting machine .
Overall , What Did I Do to Deserve This , My Lord !?
2 provides an entertaining and satisfying gaming experience as it contains a good combination of in - depth gameplay in the form of the monster ecosystem , and a straightforward goal .
The graphics are pretty basic at best , but represents the genre well since it is mainly a dungeon labyrinth game with creature creation not requiring a lot of graphical depth .
In addition to the main story , the tutorial also contains an expanded experience by including an abundance of addicting challenges that will occupy you for hours .
This game will be great for puzzle lovers and casual gamers alike .
Getting injured as result of getting involved in a car accident may well change your life around .
It might have demoralizing influence on a person ’s life .
Usually , the accidents create physical or mental injuries .
As a result , you may no longer have active life and it is very hard for you to go different places .
At this point , you may want assistant from the other people .
After the accident you may well go through a legal process and you may well want to go to the court to obtain the compensation .
You may think that you may well manage things yourself .
If you consider the whole situation , you will realize that contacting a personal injury lawyer might help you a lot .
If you get involved into an accident you should identify your rights .
You must comprehend what benefits are there for the injured person .
You may think that you have knowledge of your rights and benefits you may avail after being injured , but personal injury laws are difficult .
Personal Injury lawyers are the one who are expert in the perusal injury law .
They have the knowledge of proceeding with the personal injury case .
They know about the key factors to present as the key evidence .
They will guide you in gathering the essential information to organize a sound case .
The information may be about the accident itself , state of vehicle involved in the accident and its robustness .
They will also guide you in dealing with the insurance company .
Sometimes , an injured has immediate right to benefits .
Generally , in case of car accident there are no - fault benefits that are given regardless of fault .
Even if you are at fault , Under Ontario ’s system of automobile insurance ; you are entitled to some compensation .
These benefits are described as Accident Benefits .
It may be very beneficial to speak to a personal injury lawyer shortly after the accident .
The personal injury lawyer might play major role in getting you the Accident Benefits .
Your financial state may get worse subsequent to the accident as you may well not go to job .
These benefits can help your daily expenses .
On the contrary , the accident may well bring about financial disaster if you are not able to go back to work immediately .
You may be forced to go back to work before recovery to support your expenses .
Personal Injury Lawyers may well also aid you to get the physiotherapy assistance .
They have the complete knowledge of the best specialists and services .
They know where you can get the best physiotherapy assistance , and ensure that you get it .
A professional Personal Injury Lawyer will send you to the best specialists that will help you to swift recovery .
You may receive information from a personal injury lawyer that you might discuss further with your physician .
There is a time limit that applies to the accident cases .
You have to file the claim within a certain period of time .
You will not be able to file the personal injury case against other party if you miss this period .
If you know this upfront , you can plan your case and present it in a best possible way .
In short , conferring with a lawyer can be extremely useful for an injured victim .
There is nothing to lose for you , as mostly , they offer free consultation and accept your case on no win no fee basis .
A personal Injury lawyer might help you prepare your case and present it to get the maximum benefits .
Many of us are not even informed that there are benefits awarded even if it is our fault .
Personal Injury laws change and only personal Injury Lawyers have the most updated knowledge about the personal Injury Laws .
A personal Injury lawyer may work you through this complicated process effortlessly , and may get you the maximum benefits and even advise you if you opt for suing the other party .
Peacetime role : 24th Air Force personnel recently set up satellite communications in Haiti as part of the earthquake relief effort
Patrick Jackson
BBC News
The US is in the process of creating a unified cyber command , to fight the wars of the future .
The Pentagon has no doubt that the next conventional war will include a cyber element .
Looking out of a window in London 's Canary Wharf , Daniel Kuehl gestures randomly towards a high - rise .
A season of reports exploring the extraordinary power of the internet , including : Digital giants - top thinkers in the business on the future of the web Mapping the internet - a visual representation of the spread of the web over the last 20 years Global Voices - the BBC links up with an online community of bloggers around the world
What is SuperPower ?
" Let 's just assume that somewhere in that building there are a bunch of cyber systems , networks , routers , that are militarily important to take out , " he said .
" Which would you think would be the better way of doing it in terms of this neighbourhood ?
To make it stop working through a bunch of key strokes or to put a laser - guided , 1,000 - lb weapon through the third floor and blow it to shreds ?
" We 're really good at that second operation - but there might be some advantages to doing it the first way . "
The Pentagon is creating its first fully fledged cyber command - USCybercom - to improve its ability to wage war with key strokes .
' Precision disruption '
There will be " one guy in charge of cyber defence and offense " , says Mr Kuehl , who helped plan the air campaign for the first Gulf War before becoming the professor of information operations at the National Defense University in Washington .
Amit Yoran , a former cyber security director at the Department of Homeland Security , and now head of Netwitness Corp , defines cyber war as " the use of information technologies for the purposes of conducting warfare " .
There is a lot of concern in [ China and Russia ] that the US is seeking to achieve in cyberspace the same dominance it is perceived to have in the realms of conventional and nuclear weapons , and space
Nigel Inkster
International Institute for Strategic Studies
" That could be using a computer network or a cyber attack to take systems out and make them inoperable and deny access to the legitimate users of those systems at a critical point in time , " he says .
" It could also be cyber system exploitation which I would define as compromising systems , accessing data and using that information but in a more covert way , not necessarily tipping off what you have access to and how you are using it , perhaps for later attack purposes . "
Dr Kuehl , in London recently for the Cyber Warfare 2010 conference , believes the day may come when Pentagon computer experts will enjoy the same kind of combat status as jet pilots or frigate commanders .
Their weapon of " precision disruption " has the potential to be more efficient , more effective , less damaging , less life - threatening than a kinetic weapon , " he says .
But as with pilots and warship commanders , as US cyber warriors get stronger , so may their potential adversaries .
Hitting banks Summer of 2008 , Beijing Olympics .
As the world settles down to watch the Games , war erupts deep in the Caucasus Mountains .
Georgian rockets fly , Russian tanks roll - and Russian hackers storm Georgian websites .
Some experts regard this as the first cyber war .
[ Setting up USCybercom ] not simple and it's not done unless there are perceived to be very , very pressing reasons for doing so
Daniel Kuehl
US National Defense University
" We saw a military mobilisation by Moscow into South Ossetia accompanied by clearly orchestrated cyber attacks against the Georgian government 's communication systems and the banking system , " says Nigel Inkster , director of transnational threats and political risk at London think tank The International Institute for Strategic Studies ( IISS ) .
The planners in Moscow were quite careful , he says , calibrating the " proportionality and focus " of the cyber attack to remain " broadly in line with the law of armed conflict ( LOAC ) " .
The law does not permit attacks on civilians or civilian infrastructure that does not directly contribute to the state 's ability to prosecute the conflict , and while the attacks on the banking system arguably target civilians unduly , Mr Inkster says , " in a country which still predominantly operates a cash economy that would be debatable " .
While the exact level of Russia 's cyber military organisation is not clear , and China does not have a formal cyber arm , the creation of USCybercom is clearly a response to the two countries ' " greatly increased activity in this arena " , says Mr Inkster , a former deputy head of the British foreign intelligence agency MI6 .
So , are we witnessing the first steps in a new arms race ?
" There is a lot of concern in both countries [ China and Russia ] that the US is seeking to achieve in cyberspace the same dominance it is perceived to have in the realms of conventional and nuclear weapons , and space , " says Mr Inkster .
USCybercom will cover all four armed services , each of which recently gathered its cyber components into one unit : 24th Air Force , 10th Fleet , Army Forces Cyber Command and Marine Corps Cyber Command .
The oldest of these , 24th Air Force , describes itself as an " operational warfighting organization that establishes , operates , maintains and defends [ US Air Force ] networks and exploits and attacks threat networks " .
Headquartered in Texas , it comprises 3,339 military , 2,975 civilian and 1,364 contractor personnel and one of its key units , 67th Network Warfare Group , prides itself on having a presence " on every continent except Antarctica " , which is a demilitarised zone .
' Significant target ' Brig Gen Charles
Shugg , vice - commander of the 24th , explains that the very nature of the air force requires strong cyber defences .
" We have become dependent on our information networks to accomplish our mission , and while those information systems have greatly improved our capabilities , they have become a significant target for our adversaries , " he says .
Some sense of its area of operations was given in February , when it announced awards for five of its " cyber warriors " .
One was honoured for leading and anti-virus script initiative " that reduced risk to personal computers by 85 % " and " crafting 17 courses of action in response to adversary tactics , which countered a major threat " .
Another " secured 425 gateways , 650,000 personal computers and 300,000 users and identified a flaw in the policy governing use of USB drives in the force , thus " protecting the network from a viable threat " .
Not everyone is convinced of USCybercom 's military value .
One US official at the London conference said that if cyber warfare was a WMD it was only a weapon of " mass disruption , not destruction " .
But the US Senate is expected to confirm Lt Gen Keith Alexander , who also heads the US National Security Agency ( NSA ) , as head of USCybercom in the near future .
If this happens , he will rise to the rank of a four - star general , and his new command will get its badge and take its place in the military .
" Believe me , creating an organisation led by an officer of that rank is not easy , " says Daniel Kuehl .
" It 's not simple and it's not done unless there are perceived to be very , very pressing reasons for doing so .
We are deadly serious about this . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Media regulator Ofcom has received almost 1,500 complaints about Adam Boulton 's on - screen clash with Alastair Campbell and Kay Burley 's interview with electoral reformist David Babbs .
As of this morning Ofcom has received a total of 1,418 complaints from members about the two incidents involving Sky News presenters .
Burley 's interview with Babbs , of electoral reform campaigning group 38 Degrees , attracted 722 complaints .
The complainants accused Burley of bias and aggressive behaviour in the interview .
The interview resulted in the presenter being heckled by protesters saying " sack Kay Burley " and a Twitter campaign .
Ofcom has also received 696 complaints about Sky News political editor Adam Boulton 's on - screen row with former Labour spin doctor Alastair Campbell .
Most of the complainants are understood to have objected to what they viewed as unprofessional behaviour by Boulton , who appeared to lose his temper after Campbell accused him of being " upset that David Cameron is not prime minister " .
Ofcom is still assessing 700 complaints that Boulton allegedly " heckled " Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg about his expenses in the second leaders ' debate .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
In what sounds like a case of life imitating an improv workshop , the fun-loving anthropomorphic can of Foster 's known as Russell Crowe recently told GQ that Michael Jackson used to crank call him .
According to Crowe , the two became close not long after L.A. Confidential elevated him to that weird stratum of celebrity where Australian tough guys regularly mingle with developmentally arrested pop singers and talk about their childhoods , and discovered that the two shared a similar sense of humor .
Crowe says Jackson used to call and try to convince him he was “ in trouble , ” saying , “ A gruff voice would say something was wrong , then this tiny little voice said , ‘ Do n't worry .
This is Michael . ’”
Having long ago established his uneasy relationship with the telephone , Crowe went on to admit that he was no stranger to prank calls himself , having spent some time calling up L.A. Confidential author James Ellroy to leave voice mail messages such as , “ Woof - woof , hear the demon dog bark .
He 's got a 12 - inch wanger and it glows in the dark , " which we ’re going to say eventually became lyrics to a 30 Odd Foot Of Grunts song despite the fact that we ’ve never listened to that band .
Anyway , we ’re optioning this scenario right now for an off - Broadway play in the vein of Picasso At The Lapin Agile , so everybody can just back the fuck off .
[ HT to Vulture ]
It is very common for me to look at a customer ’s database and notice a lot of overhead from checking whether a database connection is active before sending a query to it .
This comes from the following design pattern , written in pseudo - code :
function query_database ( connection , sql ) if !connection.is_alive ( ) and !connection.reconnect ( ) then throw exception end return connection.execute ( sql ) end 1 2 3 4 5 6 function query_database ( connection , sql ) if !
connection .is_alive ( ) and !
connection .reconnect ( ) then throw exception end return connection .execute ( sql )
end
Many of the popular development platforms do something similar to this .
Two things are wrong with this code : 1 ) it does n’t actually work and 2 ) it has a large performance overhead .
It Does Not Work
This code does n’t work because of a race condition .
If the connection is alive when checked , there ’s no guarantee that it is still alive by the time connection.execute ( sql ) is called .
And if it ’s not alive and gets reconnected , there ’s still no guarantee .
It ’s useless to check and then execute .
Instead , the code should be rewritten something like this :
function query_database ( connection , sql , retries =1 ) while true try result=connection.execute ( sql ) return result catch InactiveConnectionException e if retries > 0 then retries = retries - 1 connection.reconnect ( ) else throw e end end end end 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 function query_database ( connection , sql , retries = 1 ) while true try result = connection .execute ( sql ) return result catch InactiveConnectionException e if retries >
0 then retries = retries - 1 connection .reconnect ( ) else throw e end end end end
Notice that I completely removed the call to is_active ( ) .
If the connection is active , the query will succeed ; if not , it ’ll fail , reconnect , and retry .
This code also has the nice property that it also allows you to retry things like lock wait timeouts and deadlocks , if you so desire .
These are areas where many applications can benefit a lot , in my experience .
Most applications should simply retry these conditions , but instead they do n’t handle them at all .
Performance Overhead
Checking whether the connection is active typically involves a call to the ‘ ping ’ or ‘ statistics ’ command at the MySQL protocol level , which will increment Com_admin_commands in SHOW GLOBAL STATUS , or a trivial query such as ‘ SELECT 1 ’ which is usually harder to diagnose .
This has a very high cost in many applications .
There are two costs : the cost to the application of the network round - trip plus the query execution time , and the added load on the database server .
The added load on the database server can be very high .
A few days ago I saw a Ruby on Rails app where the ‘ Administrator command : statistics ’ command was taking over 40 % of the server ’s total query time .
Eliminating the useless connection checks could have nearly halved the load on this database server .
That ’s not unusual !
When the application ’s queries are long , the extra query is lost in the noise .
But high - traffic apps put tremendous effort into getting query times down , and some highly tuned apps are worried when their queries take longer than a millisecond or so .
When you ’re running 20 k queries per second against your database server , an extra 20 k queries per second to check whether the connection is alive matters a lot .
Those ‘ statistics ’ or ‘ ping ’ queries are nearly as expensive as the actual queries the application wants to run !
And that ’s just the load on the database server .
On the application side , you essentially see doubled query latency .
Every time you want to run a query , your app framework is doing a network round - trip to the database to check the connection , then another network round - trip to run the query .
Again , this matters a lot .
The problem is that the bad pseudo - code I showed above penalizes the common case in favor of the uncommon case .
Connections are usually alive and do n’t need to be pinged and reconnected .
A better approach is to use the same code that fixes the race condition .
Again , if the connection is down , you ’ll find out when you try to run the query .
Until then , assume everything is OK and just run the queries .
I hope that the upstream maintainers of the offending libraries can find and solve these issues , because it ’d be a big help to apps when they grow .
It ’s one of those things that works fine in the lab , and even in the field , until performance really starts to matter — and then it sticks out like a sore thumb .
( Edit )
Here ’s another example of the impact of these silly queries :
# Rank Query ID Response time Calls R/ Call Item # ==== ==================
================
====== ========
===============
# 1 0x5E796D5A4A7D1CA9 10651.0708 73.1 % 120487 0.0884 ADMIN STATISTICS # 2 0x85FFF5AA78E5FF6A 1090.0772 7.5 % 23621 0.0461 BEGIN # 3 0x6E85B9A9C9 FF813E 868.0335 6.0 % 6923 0.1254 UPDATE scores # 4 0xA3A0423749EC0E37 851.0152 5.8 % 6020 0.1414 UPDATE user_datas # 5 0x813031B8BBC3B329 822.0041 5.6 % 23299 0.0353 COMMIT
# 6 0xA873BBC4583C4C85 278.4533 1.9 % 6985 0.0399 SELECT users user_devices 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 # Rank Query ID Response time Calls R/ Call Item # ==== ==================
================
====== ========
===============
# 1 0x5E796D5A4A7D1CA9 10651.0708 73.1 % 120487 0.0884 ADMIN STATISTICS # 2 0x85FFF5AA78E5FF6A 1090.0772 7.5 % 23621 0.0461 BEGIN # 3 0x6E85B9A9C9 FF813E 868.0335 6.0 % 6923 0.1254 UPDATE scores # 4 0xA3A0423749EC0E37 851.0152 5.8 % 6020 0.1414 UPDATE user_datas # 5 0x813031B8BBC3B329 822.0041 5.6 % 23299 0.0353 COMMIT
# 6 0xA873BBC4583C4C85 278.4533 1.9 % 6985 0.0399 SELECT users user_devices
That ’s right , 73 % of the server ’s load is consumed by checking to see if the connection is still alive 🙂
This was my final project in my Computer Science class .
I decided to do something nobody ( in my knowledge ) in the world has done .
Write a working animated ASCII game in Windows Console with Java .
Using Josh , this is a complete game engine with sound , graphics , physics , collision , etc .
There is only a test level , because I ’m not a level designer and I ran out of time , I hope someone can take this engine and make a complete game or something .
Temporary fix for “ invalid memory access ” errors
Until I have time to fix it , here ’s a temporary fix .
Download DLLs .
Choose the DLL file that corresponds to your Windows version .
Rename that DLL to “ JoshCore.dll ”
Move that file to your temp folder ( Type : % temp % in the address bar )
Changes
2010-05 -28 :
Screenshots
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Some of the largest U.S. health insurers are changing their accounting practices to book administration costs as medical costs in an attempt to circumvent new industry reforms , according to a U.S. Senate panel ’s report released on Thursday .
A monitor in the control room displays data a hospital in a file photo .
REUTERS / Lee Celano
Under the healthcare law passed in March , insurers must adjust their spending habits to meet new requirements .
For example , large group plans must spend at least 85 cents of every premium dollar paid to them on actual medical care as opposed to administrative costs , while individual and small group plans must spend 80 cents .
Wall Street closely watches such spending levels , known as medical - loss ratios , or MLRs , as a sign of potential profits .
Major health insurance stock indexes fell after the report .
“ The insurance industry is beginning to consider the financial impact of the new federally required ( medical ) loss ratio requirements , including questionable changes in their accounting practices , ” the Democratic - led Senate Committee on Commerce , Science and Transportation said in a statement .
For example , WellPoint Inc “ has already ‘ reclassified ’ more than half a billion dollars of administrative expenses as medical expenses , ” it said .
WellPoint spokeswoman Kristin Binns said the company would work with regulators to implement the MLR requirement , but did not comment on whether it had shifted any costs or changed its accounting practices .
A review of companies ' expenses for 2009 shows that in some markets , insurers are spending 74 cents per dollar on care on average , according to the report , which was released on the committee 's website at link.reuters.com/bas87 j .
Cigna spokesman Chris Curran said it was too early to say how the new MLR rules would affect the insurer , and that methods of calculating costs were still being developed ahead of the new rules .
Other insurers did not respond to requests for comment .
2011 DEADLINE
Although the MLR rule does not kick in until January 1 , insurers so far are “ still far below ” what the law will require , said Senator John Rockefeller , the committee ’s chairman .
“ This new data makes clear that too many health insurance companies are still putting profits before people , ” Rockefeller said , “ and they have a lot of work to do to meet the consumer protection requirements of the health care reform law by the end of this year . ”
Regulators at the Department of Health and Human Services , charged with implementing much of the new health reform law , are pushing to apply the MLR changes quickly .
Earlier this week , the agency called on a major health insurance organization -- the National Association of Insurance Commissioners -- to give its recommendations for specific MLR ratio regulations by June 1 , six months earlier than the law ’s December 31 deadline .
“ ( The agency ) is seeking to publish regulations as soon as possible to allow sufficient time for health insurance issuers to incorporate these changes , ” U.S. Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius wrote in a letter the group .
The S&P Managed Health Care Index closed down 0.9 percent on Thursday .
The Morgan Stanley Healthcare Payor Index , which also fell after the report was released and was largely in negative territory all day , closed up 0.4 percent .
April 's unemployment numbers are out today , and it's the story of good news that wo n't come fast enough .
Employment is up , by almost 300,000 jobs -- the best month since 2006 .
Unemployment is also up , to 9.9 % from 9.7 % .
How is that possible ?
Remember , the unemployment rate is a ratio of unemployed to the entire labor force , adjusted for seasonality .
So job growth must outpace labor force growth to bring down the ratio .
That 's not happening yet , because the labor market grew by 800,000 people .
That 's largely good news .
That more Americans are getting back into the job market probably means they see more opportunities .
Dan Indiviglio has the full rundown , replete with graphs and statistical nuggets .
To make the joblessness hit home , let 's translate the job situation into state population figures .
For example , 15.2 million Americans are officially out of work .
That is the population of Illinois plus New Mexico .
Continuing with the rest of the unemployment report .
1. Population of Texas is Broadly Unemployed ; New Jersey Forced to Work Part - Time
Broader unemployment rose to 17.1 -- or about 26 million people .
The official unemployment rate -- known as U3 -- includes only those without jobs .
The broader unemployment rate -- known as U6 -- includes people without jobs , people who have stopped looking for jobs , and people who are working part - time but want to work more .
Twenty - six million Americans is basically the population of Texas .
Submitted by Vedran Vuk of Casey Research
Every generation scolds the next one down the line and blames society ’s ills on the guy up at bat .
Considering past policy decisions , this common perspective does n’t make much sense .
Just look at the Great Depression generation , both known for its great character as well as the worst policies of the century .
Clearly , older generations did not always make the best decisions .
One of those bad decisions , Social Security , still haunts America today like the grim reaper waiting to take his harvest .
It ’s strange to think the same men who courageously stormed the beaches of Normandy did n’t have the political courage to dismantle this ticking time bomb .
If it was n’t for WWII veterans , many believe that this article would be written in German .
That might be true .
But due to an exploding national debt and that generation ’s failure with Social Security , we ’ll be speaking Chinese sooner than German .
The lack of political will is n’t surprising since most past retirees were net gainers from Social Security while new retirees are net losers .
Older folks love bemoaning runaway spending , welfare queens , and handouts .
But often they do n’t consider their own gains from the welfare state .
As Social Security taxes increased over time , so did the benefits .
Essentially , previous generations paid into the system when taxes were low and retired when the benefits were high .
A retiree ’s maximum tax loss from Social Security in 1940 was $ 923 in today ’s dollars .
Compare this to the current maximum of $ 13,243 .
To find the dividing line between net gainers and losers , we created a projection assuming an individual with a salary equaling the top taxable Social Security limit for 45 years ( to get an idea of this amount , consider the limit was $ 3,000 dollars in 1940 and $ 106,800 in 2010 – both nice salaries ) .
Our test dummy paid the maximum Social Security taxes every year .
On the other hand , upon retirement , he would receive maximum benefits .
According to the Social Security Administration , maximum taxation is a prerequisite to maximum payouts .
Next , we added Social Security benefits received over 13 years ( derived from the average U.S. life expectancy of about 78 ) .
Finally , we calculated the difference between taxes paid over 45 years and the payouts received for 13 .
The results were shocking .
Before 2007 , our projected retirees were net gainers from Social Security .
2007 retirees were the first net losers at - $ 411 .
By 2011 , retirees will be - $ 40,403 in the red .
In the ‘ 80s , a Greatest Generation survivor retiring at 66 in 1985 received a net gain over his expected lifespan of $ 113,350 in 2010 dollars .
Just a decade down the road , a 1995 retiree still profited by $ 67,982 .
While welfare is often equated with public housing residents , perhaps nursing home residents should be considered too .
These Social Security payments outweigh many welfare handouts .
For example , California ’s maximum TANF ( welfare ) payments for a family of three were $ 9,373 a year in 2005 , inflation - adjusted for today .
It takes over 12 years of welfare to equal the 1985 retirement net gain .
( To be fair , if housing subsidies , food stamps , and other benefits were included , the number of years would be lower . )
So , are pre-2007 retired generations complete bums ?
Well , not exactly .
It depends on how the money would have been spent otherwise .
Suppose that instead of paying Social Security , the same amounts had been placed into an account earning five percent a year .
After 45 years starting in 1940 and ending in 1984 , this account would have been worth over $ 297,000 in 2010 dollars .
This is $ 44,000 more than 13 years of Social Security benefits starting in 1985 .
Hence , older retirees are bums on a case - by - case basis .
An investment - savvy penny - pincher would have lost from Social Security .
Without the program , he could have invested privately .
But spendthrift retirees benefitted enormously .
The responsible saver is punished and the careless spender rewarded – the same old story of welfare retold for an older generation .
[ And this note as an afterthought :
How Much Do You Really Pay for Social Security ?
The government has pulled a fast one on most people .
You pay half the Social Security tax and your employer pays the second half , right ?
No , wrong .
You actually pay both .
Let ’s go through this example to understand the point .
Let ’s say that a person earns $ 100,000 a year and pays $ 6,000 in Social Security taxes and the employer pays $ 6,000 .
In the eyes of the employer , the person ’s services are worth $ 106,000 ( $ 100,000 salary + $ 6,000 in Social Security taxes ) , that ’s how much he costs the employer .
Now , imagine what would happen if Social Security taxes disappeared overnight .
For a little while , the employer would profit by paying $ 100,000 for an employee worth $ 106,000 .
However , in a free market , prices move toward levels equaling the underlining value .
Just like good underpriced stocks will eventually move up , so does the price for good undervalued employees – although , both may not be immediately appreciated .
Eventually , the person ’s wages would be bid up in the market from $ 100,000 to $ 106,000 .
Because of this , the employer ’s half is actually your half too .
Without Social Security , your wages would be close to your value to the employer , in this case , $ 106,000 .
So , in reality , the person pays $ 6,000 in taxes and makes $ 6,000 less than he would in a completely free market , meaning that the real loss is $ 12,000 per year .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
New Prime Minister David Cameron has said his " historic " Conservative - led coalition government will be united and provide " strong and stable " leadership .
In a good - humoured press conference with Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg , who is now deputy PM , he said they would " take Britain in a historic new direction " .
Their agenda was to cut the deficit , support troops , clean up politics and build a " stronger society " .
Mr Clegg acknowledged " big risks " but pledged a " bold , reforming government " .
He is among five Liberal Democrats appointed to Cabinet posts , something Mr Cameron said showed " the strength and depth of the coalition and our sincere determination to work together constructively " .
The coalition is the first time the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats have had a power - sharing deal at Westminster and the first coalition in the UK since the Second World War .
Youngest PM
Mr Cameron 's arrival in Downing Street marks the end of 13 years of Labour rule .
The Conservative leader , who is six months younger than Tony Blair was when he won power in 1997 , is the youngest prime minister since 1812 and the first Old Etonian to hold the office since the early 1960s .
The Conservatives won the most seats in last week 's general election , but not enough to secure an overall Commons majority , resulting in a hung Parliament .
After days of talks with the Lib Dems - the UK's third biggest party - a deal was reached on Tuesday that resulted in Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown resigning .
In a joint press conference in the Downing Street garden , Mr Cameron said the coalition government could mark a " historic and seismic shift " in British politics .
He said they had discussed having a minority Conservative government , supported by the Lib Dems on key votes but had concluded that was " uninspiring " .
Instead the two parties had decided to go for a full coalition to be " an administration united behind three key principles - freedom , fairness and responsibility .
" And it will be an administration united behind one key purpose and that is to give our country the strong and stable and determined leadership that we need for the long - term . "
He said the government would " take Britain in a historic new direction , a direction of hope and unity , conviction and common purpose " .
' Great uncertainty '
Rising unemployment figures were another sign " of the economic mistakes of the past decade " and said no government in modern times had been left with " such a terrible economic inheritance " .
Mr Clegg admitted both party leaders were taking " big risks " but said it would be a " new politics " : " It 's a new kind of government , a radical , reforming government where it needs to be and a source of reassurance and stability at a time of great uncertainty in our country too . "
Both laughed off differences between the parties and animosity in the past - Mr Cameron apologising after a past description of Mr Clegg as a joke was brought up by a reporter .
He said they wanted to make it work adding : " If it means swallowing some humble pie , and it means eating some of your words , I can't think of a more excellent diet . "
Mr Cameron has now completed appointing his first cabinet , with Lib Dem Vince Cable becoming Business Secretary , George Osborne Chancellor , William Hague Foreign Secretary and Theresa May Home Secretary .
Other appointments include Ken Clarke as Lord Chancellor and Justice Secretary , Liam Fox as Defence Secretary and Andrew Lansley as Health Secretary .
Mr Clegg 's chief of staff , Danny Alexander , who was part of the party 's negotiating team , is to be Scottish Secretary .
Lib Dem David Laws will be Chief Secretary to the Treasury .
There are expected to be about 20 Lib Dems - more than a third of their MPs - in government jobs in total .
Meanwhile , details of the policy agreement between the parties have been published , including :
Trident : Lib Dems will drop opposition to replacing nuclear missile system but will be able to " make the case for alternatives " and funding will be scrutinised
Heathrow : Plans for third runway , opposed by both parties , will be scrapped
Nuclear : Lib Dem spokesman will be able to speak in opposition to new power stations - and Lib Dem MPs will abstain from vote
Higher education funding : Lib Dems allowed to abstain on votes - reflecting party 's promise to abolish tuition fees in the long term
Spending cuts :
Tory plans for £ 6bn cuts this financial year will go ahead
Tax : Tories sign up to Lib Dem plan to raise income tax threshold to £ 10,000 in the long term , which will " take priority " over Conservative inheritance tax cuts .
There will also be a " substantial increase " in personal tax allowances for lower and middle - income people from April 2011 - rather than the Conservative plan to raise employees '
NI thresholds
But a plan to raise NI thresholds for employers will go ahead
Voting system : Bill will be brought forward for referendum on changing to AV but parties will be able to campaign on opposite sides of argument
Marriage / civil partnership tax breaks : Lib Dems will be allowed to abstain from votes
Europe : Both sides agreed there would be no transfer of powers to the EU over the course of the Parliament and Britain would not join the Euro during that period
Immigration cap : Lib Dems accept
Tory plan for limit on non-EU economic migrants
House of Lords : Both parties to back plans for wholly / mainly elected chamber elected by proportional representation .
MPs will not be able to throw out the government unless 55 % vote to do so - a higher threshold than currently
' Pupil premium ' :
More funding for poorer children from outside schools budget , as demanded by Lib Dems
The Lib Dem parliamentary party and its federal executive endorsed the coalition agreement by the required three - quarters majority shortly after midnight .
Mr Clegg acknowledged some Lib Dem voters would have doubts but told them : " I would n't have entered into this agreement unless I was genuinely convinced that it offers a unique opportunity to deliver the kind of changes you and I believe in . "
Mr Hague told BBC Radio 4 's
Today programme a five - year fixed - term parliament had been introduced to help guarantee stability .
The only way to remove a government before the five years was up would be in a vote of confidence backed by 55 % of MPs .
Current rules are that the votes of 50 % of MPs , plus one , can remove a government .
The Conservatives currently have 47 % of MPs .
US President Barack Obama was the first foreign leader to congratulate Mr Cameron in a brief telephone call .
Others include German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Indian PM Manmohan Singh , Australian PM Kevin Rudd , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and Chinese premier Wen Jiabao .
After it became clear Labour could not reach an agreement with the Lib Dems that would have allowed them to remain in power , Mr Brown tendered his resignation , saying it had been a privilege to serve " this country I love " .
He stepped down as Labour leader with immediate effect - deputy leader Harriet Harman will take over until a leadership contest is held .
Former home secretary Alan Johnson has already ruled himself out in favour of former foreign secretary David Miliband , who has announced he will be a leadership candidate .
GRAND PRAIRIE , Tex .
On Thursday , I came here outside Dallas for a Tea Party rally .
At first I thought , “ Wow !
This is much more diverse than the rallies I ’ve seen on television . ”
Then I realized that I was looking at stadium workers .
I should have figured as much when I approached the gate .
The greeter had asked , “ Are you working tonight ? ”
I sat in the front row .
But when the emcee asked , “ Do we have any infiltrators ? ” and I almost raised my hand , I realized that sitting there might not be such a good idea .
I had specifically come to this rally because it was supposed to be especially diverse .
And , on the stage at least , it was .
The speakers included a black doctor who bashed Democrats for crying racism , a Hispanic immigrant who said that she had never received a single government entitlement and a Vietnamese immigrant who said that the Tea Party leader was God .
It felt like a bizarre spoof of a 1980s Benetton ad .
Yang and Xue are feeling their way forward .
One evening when I visited their house , smoke billowed out of the kitchen , filling the room with an acrid blast of chili paste .
Yang , in a blue chef ’s apron , stuck his head out of the kitchen .
Tears streamed from his hangdog eyes , but he had a grin on his face .
“ Huiguo rou ! ” he said — he was making the “ twice - cooked pork ” that is a Sichuanese specialty .
Xue smiled up from her chair , holding a box of insoles she had embroidered to make Yang ’s shoes more durable and comfortable on his long days driving .
Her mother and brother were visiting , and Yang relished the chance to cook for a family again .
A few minutes later , he emerged from the kitchen with a parade of dishes : chicken feet , cold sesame noodles , beef and potato stew and twice - cooked pork , all to be washed down with rice liquor .
Yang called his new family to the table and , with a flash of yellow teeth , declared , “ Let ’s eat ! ”
Hey , you just sneaked off , where are you now ? ”
The last text message from Luo Xuemei , Yang ’s first wife , sent hours before the earthquake , stared back at him from his cellphone .
Yang left their home in Beichuan early that morning not wanting to disturb his sleeping wife and son .
He was headed for Piankou , his home village , to buy mushrooms and honey for his trading business .
Now , four days after the quake , the text message was all he had left .
It had taken him two days to hike the 40 miles across mountains gashed by landslides to get back to Beichuan .
He searched hospitals , stadiums and refugee camps , hoping to find his wife and son alive .
He lifted the covers off dozens of swollen corpses pulled out of his son ’s collapsed school .
“ It was too much to take , ” Yang told me .
He threw himself down on the rubble and wailed , “ God , you are too cruel ! ”
More than a thousand people were crawling across the wreckage the day Yang arrived , all sobbing and shouting out the names of loved ones .
Xue was there , too .
An acquaintance of Yang ’s wife — she sold clothing downtown , too , after a stint in a tile factory — Xue was looking for her 35 - year - old fiancé in the rubble .
Now she wondered if the dead were n’t better off than the living .
It was her fourth day wandering through the wasteland , clawing at the debris with bare hands .
Her parents and brother were nowhere to be found ( they turned up alive on the fifth day ) , and she knew , deep down , that her fiancé could not have survived the landslide that buried his home under a hundred feet of earth and cement .
Xue stopped digging .
Her lover was dead , and so , too , were their dreams of starting a family together .
Beichuan was declared a mass grave , leaving thousands of unrecovered bodies under the ruins .
For the next few months , Xue lived alone in a government - issue tent outside a local stadium , eating crackers and instant noodles , unable to sleep without seeing images of corpses appearing with her fiancé ’s face .
Yang returned to his parents ’ home in Piankou and retreated into a suicidal stupor .
He lost more than 30 pounds .
He slept very little .
As soon as he closed his eyes , he would see his wife and son staggering among the ruins , waiting for him to come save them .
Yang spoke to nobody about the tragedy .
“ I could n’t dump all this on my parents or in - laws , ” he said .
“ They had suffered great losses , too .
So I kept it all inside , wondering why life should be lived anymore . ”
Image REBUILDING LIVES
Liu
Yinhu says he spent a month persuading a grief - stricken Zhao Yonglan to marry him .
Credit ...
Wang Gang for The New York Times
The only way to pull Yang back from the brink , his family decided , was for him to remarry as quickly as possible .
“ My parents , my older sister , my younger sister : they all pressured me to move on , ” Yang recalled .
“ My wife ’s older brother recruited my friends to look for a new wife for me .
Even my mother - in - law , one month after the earthquake , urged me to get married again . ”
Yang also got a call from the Communist Party ’s local propaganda department .
The deputy director of the department , a 33 - year - old man named Feng Xiang , lost his young son in the same Qushan Primary School collapse in which Yang ’s son died , and subsequently committed suicide .
Feng ’s colleagues encouraged Yang to start a new life — and offered to do anything they could to help .
The blast blew the bus to pieces Maoist rebels have attacked a bus in central India and killed at least 20 people , including civilians and police officers , according to officials .
The rebels apparently detonated a mine under the bus in Chhattisgarh state 's Dantewada district .
Some reports put the death toll at much higher than 20 .
Dantewada was the scene of the rebels ' deadliest attack last month , when 76 people were killed .
Thousands of people have died in their decades - long fight against the state .
Civilian recruits
In the latest attack , the rebels are said to have destroyed the front of the bus with a landmine .
INDIA'S MAOIST INSURGENCY Violent rebellion began in 1967 in West Bengal village of Naxalbari and spread over rural areas of central and eastern India Led by elusive military commander Kishenji , supported by between 10,000 and 20,000 fighters
More than 6,000 killed since rebellion began Worst attacks include 76 killed in April 2010 ambushes in Dantewada ; 55 killed in attack on police outpost in 2007
Profile : Maoist rebels
" About 40 people were travelling on the bus and at least 20 police personnel and a couple of civilians have been killed in a landmine blast , " local official SR Kalluri told the AFP news agency .
He said the officers were special police officers , who are recruited from the civilian population to act as pro-government militias , helping security forces in anti-Maoist operations Local TV stations reported that as many as 50 people may have died in the attack .
The BBC's Chris Morris in Delhi says questions will be asked about why members of the security forces were travelling on a civilian bus in such a dangerous area .
He says officials will also want to know how the rebels managed to find out about it so quickly and mount an attack .
Earlier on Monday , the bodies of six villagers were found with their throats slit in the forests of Chhattisgarh .
Maoist rebels had kidnapped the six on the weekend , accusing them of spying for the government .
India 's ' biggest threat '
Chhattisgarh has seen several attacks recently , and Dantewada is one of the areas hardest hit by the insurgency .
Last month , the district was the scene of the worst attack the rebels have yet carried out with the killing of 76 people , including soldiers and police officers .
The Maoists , also known as Naxalites , say they are fighting for the rights of rural poor who have been neglected by the government for decades .
But correspondents say support has been slipping away from the rebels , particularly after last month 's attack .
The Maoist insurgency has been described by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as the country 's biggest internal security threat .
Last October , the government announced a " massive anti-Maoist offensive " and deployed 50,000 troops in several states , including Chhattisgarh .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I am going to buy a fleshlight but want it held at a fedex location near my house .
What is the way to do that ?
Do I enter their address for the shipping address then just put my name and everything ?
Thanks
Sarah Palin appeared with John McCain on Friday for the first time since the pair lost the 2008 presidential election , telling a Tucson , Ariz . , rally that the Republican senator deserved the support of conservatives in his hotly contested bid for reelection .
Palin gave McCain a fiery introduction , emphasizing his opposition to the recently passed healthcare overhaul .
“ I want to clear the air right now , ” she said , referring to conservative “ tea party ” activism as “ a beautiful movement . ”
“ Everybody here today supporting John McCain , we ’re all part of that tea party movement . ”
McCain applauded and predicted that the healthcare overhaul would be overturned by the courts .
“ Repeal and replace , ” he said , using what has become the GOP rallying cry for the midterm election .
“ When it comes to Obamacare , ” Palin joked , “ I see Fidel Castro likes Obamacare and we do n’t .
Does n’t that tell you something ? ”
The joint appearance was a role reversal for the pair .
McCain plucked Palin from political obscurity to be his running mate , and now the former Alaska governor has the star power .
In her book “ Going Rogue , ” Palin acknowledged tensions between her advisors and McCain ’s during the presidential campaign .
But the two have had kind words for each other in public .
McCain faces a tough primary fight with former congressman and radio talk show host J.D. Hayworth , who says the incumbent is not conservative enough , especially when it comes to immigration reform .
Hayworth supporters outside the rally were unimpressed , and said Palin was helping McCain because he launched her national career .
“ It ’s disappointing , but a lot of us understand it ’s just political payback , ” said Jennifer Leslie , 41 , of Oro Valley , Ariz .
McCain is “ calling in his favors . ”
Leslie carried a sign that said “ Sarah supporter for J.D. Hayworth . ”
michael.muskal@ latimes.com
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
This lead paragraph from the New York Times is just priceless :
Imagine popular children 's fables retold by Times reporter Elisabeth Rosenthal : Anguished weavers gathered to ponder the sudden shift in fashion by subjects who only recently thought the emperor was wearing a splendid suit of clothes .
If the boy still says there is a wolf , why have so many farmers turned away from the idea that the sheep are in danger ?
Rosenthal ...
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Carbon dioxide emissions that contribute to global warming are also turning the oceans more acidic at the fastest pace in hundreds of thousands of years , the National Research Council reported on Thursday .
Clouds move over a resort island at the Male Atoll December 8 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Reinhard Krause
“ The chemistry of the ocean is changing at an unprecedented rate and magnitude due to anthropogenic carbon dioxide emissions , ” the council said .
“ The rate of change exceeds any known to have occurred for at least the past hundreds of thousands of years . ”
Ocean acidification eats away at coral reefs , interferes with some fish species ’ ability to find their homes and can hurt commercial shellfish like mussels and oysters and keep them from forming their protective shells .
Corrosion happens when carbon dioxide is stored in the oceans and reacts with sea water to form carbonic acid .
Unless carbon dioxide emissions are curbed , oceans will grow more acidic , the report said .
Oceans absorb about one - third of all human - generated carbon dioxide emissions , including those from burning fossil fuels , cement production and deforestation , the report said .
The increase in acidity is 0.1 points on the 14 - point pH scale , which means this indicator has changed more since the start of the Industrial Revolution than at any time in the last 800,000 years , according to the report .
The council ’s report recommended setting up an observing network to monitor the oceans over the long term .
“ A global network of robust and sustained chemical and biological observations will be necessary to establish a baseline and to detect and predict changes attributable to acidification , ” the report said .
ACID OCEANS AND ‘AVATAR ’
Scientists have been studying this growing phenomenon for years , but ocean acidification is generally a low priority at international and U.S. discussions of climate change .
A new compromise U.S. Senate bill targeting carbon dioxide emissions is expected to be unveiled on April 26 .
Ocean acidification was center stage at a congressional hearing on Thursday , the 40th anniversary of Earth Day in the United States .
“ This increase in ( ocean ) acidity threatens to decimate entire species , including those that are at the foundation of the marine food chain , ” Democratic Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey told a Commerce Committee panel .
“ If that occurs , the consequences are devastating . ”
Lautenberg said that in New Jersey , Atlantic coast businesses generate $ 50 billion a year and account for one of every six jobs in the state .
Sigourney Weaver , a star of the environmental - themed film “ Avatar ” and narrator of the documentary “ Acid Test ” about ocean acidification , testified about its dangers .
She said people seem more aware of the problem now than they did six months ago .
“ I think that the science is so indisputable and easy to understand and ... we ’ve already run out of time to discuss this , ” Weaver said by telephone after her testimony .
“ Now we have to take action . ”
The Sony Corporation will announce Thursday that it has signed a deal to bring Major League Baseball ’s live streaming service to PlayStation3 video game consoles .
By the end of the week , PlayStation owners will be able to sign up with MLB .
TV to watch out - of - market baseball games transmitted over the Internet .
It is the latest in a series of digital distribution deals recently announced by sports franchises .
Sony said the baseball deal signified its repositioning of the PlayStation console as a hub for digital entertainment .
Peter Dille , the senior vice president for the PlayStation Network at Sony Computer Entertainment America , said in an interview on Wednesday , “ This is more than just a game console .
This is a device that is redefining how content is being delivered to the living room . ”
Microsoft portrays its Xbox 360 console in a similar way .
The PlayStation deal is MLB ’s first with a video game maker , giving Sony a leg up for the time being .
Users of the PlayStation Network online service will be able to gain access to the existing MLB .
TV package , which includes hundreds of baseball games — excluding local team games and others that are broadcast on TV — for an annual fee .
There is a revenue split associated with the deal , but Sony would not specify the terms .
Ron Paul : Constituents changed my mind on ' do n't ask , do n't tell '
So why did Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Tex . ) , after supporting " do n't ask , do n't tell " since its introduction in 1993 , vote to begin the process to repeal it ?
" I have received several calls and visits from constituents who , in spite of the heavy investment in their training , have been forced out of the military simply because they were discovered to be homosexual , " Paul said Friday .
" To me , this seems like an awful waste .
Personal behavior that is disruptive should be subject to military discipline regardless of whether the individual is heterosexual or homosexual .
But to discharge an otherwise well - trained , professional , and highly skilled member of the military for these reasons is unfortunate and makes no financial sense . "
Paul 's vote was the lone surprise among the five Republicans who bucked their party to vote for the amendment sponsored by Rep. Patrick Murphy ( D - Penn . ) .
We 're always looking for the best facials we can get .
I 've spent hundreds ( I hope , at this point ) on things like this , but this kind of takes it to an extreme .
Smearing your visage with nightingale excrement sounds about as fun as , well , getting pooped on by a flock of seagulls .
The aptly named Uguisu no fun , a Japanese powder made from songbird poop , was used by 18th century geishas and kabuki actors to wipe the heavy white makeup off their faces .
Do n't pooh - pooh the doo - doo just yet , however .
Rich in the amino acid guanine , the rarified droppings are said to impart a soft , porcelain - white mien , but it 'll cost you .
At Shizuka New York Day Spa , for instance , a 50 - minute facial will run you $ 180 .
We do n't suggest you try this at home , since the droppings have to be sterilized to remove toxins and then ground into a fine powder .
So back away from Polly and shop online instead .
But apparently this " bathroom facial " is not a new trend and it looks like it's one that 's here to stay , introducing the .
It 's pretty self explanatory and honestly I do n't even want to talk about it .
Do these pictures show :
A. a yeti on vacation .
B. a visualization of that “ roll a fat girl in flour ” sex joke
C. Beyonce and her nipple in Hawaii .
This was n’t some kind of quiz by the way .
I genuinely do n’t know wtf is going on in these pictures .
But I ’m scared / erect , and I ’d love to know why .
( source = splash news online )
' Why I burnt my Nigerian friend 's house down '
D - Boy ( left ) has now forgiven Vincent
By Caroline Duffield
BBC News , Jos
The first night of the January riots in the Nigerian city of Jos took Umar D'Adam by surprise and , as the gunfire and burning began , the 20 - year - old - known as " D - Boy " - fled .
It was the beginning of a spiral of brutality in central Nigeria that has left hundreds dead .
My mum , she cooked for him .
He used to come here to sleep , my mum would give him a key
Umar D'Adam or " D - Boy " As he sheltered in the army barracks , someone handed D - Boy a phone .
It was his close friend , Vincent Alaibe , a Christian .
" I just heard his voice telling me , it 's my house , that he 's burned it , " remembers D - Boy .
" He was shouting .
He showed other people my house , and they burned it , including him .
" He thought I was dead .
I told him : ' I am alive . ' "
Months later , the family home in the Anglo - Jos district is still in ruins :
A blackened fridge , the melted remains of a TV , and once - treasured belongings crunch underfoot .
Christian men attacked the area with guns , cutlasses and petrol - bombs
" My mum , she cooked for him .
He used to come here to sleep , my mum would give him a key , " D - Boy says softly .
He has been in contact with Vincent , and offers to take us to meet him .
They know he is my friend .
That is why they forced me to do it
Vincent Alaibe
The cycle of killing and revenge has changed the identity of whole neighbourhoods in Jos and arranging a simple meeting is not easy .
The young friends can only meet outside the neighbourhood ; there is difficulty talking .
Slight and fresh faced , barely out of their teens , they sit awkwardly , eyes to the ground .
" If I do n't do it , they are going to kill me , " says Vincent , slowly .
' Forgiveness '
He describes how a gang of ethnic Berom Christian men were attacking the area , armed with guns , cutlasses and petrol - bombs .
Vincent - one of few Christian residents - was singled out , and made to go with them , to point out D - Boy 's house .
" They know he is my friend .
That is why they forced me to do it .
They knew that I am a Christian , and he is a Muslim .
" I am looking for forgiveness , " he chokes .
D- Boy stares straight ahead , listening .
" Do n't do it again , " he bursts out .
" If this thing happens again , do n't put your hand in it .
I know you are a good person . "
D - Boy 's parents have forgiven Vincent , and would like to see him again at the family home .
But violent threats of revenge , and fear of arrest , have forced him to move away .
" If I enter the area , they will kill me , " he says .
Broken pacts
North of the city , people in the tiny Christian enclave of Chwelnyap , in Congo - Russia district , were also taken aback by the riots .
" There was an agreement , " insists Chief Ibrahim Choji -Dusu .
His community is surrounded by four almost exclusively ethnic Hausa Muslim neighbourhoods .
Our people are being killed any time they pass in that area
Chief Ibrahim Choji-Dusu
The day before , he sat down with his Muslim neighbours to discuss the hostile mood .
" The agreement was , there should never be anybody from any of the communities that should attack anybody , " Chief Choji - Dusu says , again and again .
But on morning of 17 January , 170 homes in Chwelnyap were torched .
Chief Chiji - Dusu and others recognised those they had spoken with the previous day among the attackers .
" We spoke : ' Ah ! You !
We made an agreement yesterday .
Why do you attack us now ? ' "
" They said : ' No matter how used you are to your chicken , it will not stop you slaughtering it . '
" That is the slogan they use , " he says .
The BBC contacted community leaders in those neighbouring areas .
Some said they had never attended the peace meeting on 16 January .
Others claimed that residents of Chwelnyap attacked first , breaking the agreement .
Others admitted that they had lost control of their own youths , as rioting spread elsewhere in the city .
Five people from Chwelnyap were killed - a number Chief Choji - Dusu considers a lucky escape .
' Silent killings '
Three months later , he says the people of Chwelnyap are ready to forgive .
But the atmosphere has changed , and there has been virtually no exchange about what happened .
Because of the crisis , the Christians dare not come , and the Muslims are playing poker by themselves
Youth worker Emmanuel Nanle " Our problem is , how do we come and sit together ? " he asks .
" We can't go there .
Our people are being killed any time they pass in that area .
" Once you go , you never come back .
You will be a missing person . "
The police and military continue to recover corpses dumped inside the city limits and in rural villages outside .
Victims of the so - called " silent killings " - both Berom Christians and Hausa Muslims - are being discovered every week .
" Rather than coming together , people are moving apart , " observes Emmanuel Nanle , a Christian youth worker .
Beer parlours and Bible sellers Jos - once a balmy holiday retreat enjoyed by British colonials - is being carved up into exclusive neighbourhoods .
Armoured military vehicles squat on the interfaces .
On the Christian side , beer parlours and Bible - sellers jostle for space .
JOS , PLATEAU STATE
Deadly riots in 2001 , 2008 and 2010 City divided into Christian and Muslim areas Divisions accentuated by system of classifying people as indigenes and settlers Hausa - speaking Muslims living in Jos for decades are still classified as settlers Settlers find it difficult to stand for election Communities divided along party lines : Christians mostly back the ruling PDP ; Muslims generally supporting the opposition ANPP
No end to Nigeria cycle of violence Q&A : Jos violence Women in brightly coloured hijabs and the ornate woven caps common in the north mark out the Hausa Muslim side .
" The whole of this street - Ajayi Street - used to be a poker street , " explains Mr Nanle , smiling .
" You would find Christians and Muslims playing poker together , whiling away time after work .
" But now , because of the crisis , the Christians dare not come , and the Muslims are playing poker by themselves . "
Areas of Jos that were once ethnically and religiously mixed - Dogon Dutse , Genta Adamu and Nassarawa Gwom - are now becoming exclusive .
Chief Choji-Dusu believes the shifts in geography are barring local discussion of what has happened .
" The truth is , we need to rub minds , and reason , " he says .
" We , the Christians , we do n't want to fight .
But if we are destabilised in Plateau State , it will affect the country .
It will shake the country . ' "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Here 's the story : I 'm in love with the Wacom Intuos4 Wireless tablet .
Free from cables , it 's the best graphics tablet experience I 've ever had .
Advertisement
Smoother Than the Smoothest Thing
The Wacom Intuos4 was quite a leap from the Intuos3 .
It doubled the pressure sensitive levels , and it added multifunction Touch Ring trackpad , on - screen radial menus , and eight user - definable buttons with OLED tags — called ExpressKeys — in a thin , ultralight 2.2 - pound package .
The Wacom Intuos4 Wireless has all those characteristics , and they work equally as well over the Bluetooth connection .
Advertisement
With a sightly smaller working surface than the Medium model — 8 x 5 inches versus the 8.8 x 5.5 inches of the cable - bound model — the wireless tablet is a pure joy to use .
The 2048 levels of pressure sensitiveness , requiring only 1 gram of pressure to start painting vs the 10 grams of the previous version , offer the best real drawing simulation of any of the tablets I 've ever tried .
It feels like the real thing , with the slightest touch transferred to the screen as if it was real media .
The brushstrokes are as smooth and precise as the real thing , and the tablet never misses a single beat , no matter how fast I try to move its very comfortable stylus — which comes with different tips for different surface feedback .
This performance is not only good for digital painting .
It is perfect to retouch in Photoshop , allowing you to mask or clone with absolute precision , down to the last pixel , without having to vary the size of the brush .
It makes everyday brush tasks so easy it makes me giddy when I 'm using it .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Screw the Keyboard
But plenty of other tablet features also help dramatically in the daily workflow , allowing you to circumvent the keyboard almost completely .
Advertisement
Take the multifunction Touch Ring , a circular trackpad that allows you to perform four different , user - definable functions , like zoom : Circling my finger in one direction would zoom in .
Doing so in the opposite direction will zoom out .
The second function will cycle through layers , the third will change the brush size — although sadly this does n't work in Photoshop — and the fourth rotates the canvas to face the physical orientation of your tablet .
To switch to the next function , you click in the middle button .
An LED will change and your monitor will display an elegant transparent dialog that fades in and out briefly , but long enough to identify the new trackpad function .
Advertisement
The eight user - definable ExpressKeys are located in a perfect position : Four above and four below the Touch Ring .
Each is labeled with a completely customizable OLED display , much like the Optimus Maximum keyboard , but presented in a starkly contrasting black and white .
( The display looks so good that , at first glance , you 're sure the buttons are permanent , backlit cutouts . )
Like the Touch Ring , you can define the functions for these buttons using the Wacom control panel .
The labels will change according to your preference .
Advertisement
Another favorite feature of mine — which I 've been jonesing for since I stopped using Alias PowerAnimator and Maya — are the radial menus .
These are just software - based and can also be found on the Cintiq line , but they are great timesavers .
Pop - up radial menus are easier to use than regular pop-up list menus ( both for mouse and tablet operation ) .
They are also user - defined , and give you eight functions at a time , which can also be sub-menus .
However , the best thing is that all these features can be application dependent , something that was possible with previous Wacom tablets , but not with this level of detail and finesse .
In Photoshop , for example , my radial menus are tailored to fit my most used program features .
The result is that I touch the keyboard very rarely , if at all .
Advertisement
Perfect Wireless Performance
All these cool features and exceptional performance , however , are shared with the existing , cheaper , cabled Intuos4 .
The question here is : How good is the performance of the Intuos4 Wireless over the Bluetooth connection ?
And what about the battery life ?
Advertisement
Response is just as fast and just as good .
The Wacom Intuos4 Wireless works just like the USB - based Intuos4 .
Advertisement
As for the lithium ion battery , it charges quickly via USB .
The tablet puts itself to sleep when it detects no signal and , as a result , you can use the tablet for a day , heavily , without recharging it at all .
( Or just keep it around without worrying about losing power . )
The advantage of USB recharging is that you can be using it while connected to the computer , with the cable itself as the connection ( the Bluetooth goes off when the tablet is connected physically ) .
My only little gripe with the wireless component of the tablet is that , on occasion , it will take a few seconds to reconnect when you turn it on .
This happened when the computer wakes up first , so I suspect is an issue with Bluetooth getting silly after the Mac wakes up .
99 % of the times is instantaneous , however .
Advertisement
A Joy to Use
If you have a Wacom Intuos4 you can probably skip this upgrade .
That is , unless you are itching to have the freedom of movement of the Bluetooth connection .
That 's the joy of this tablet :
You can move around freely with it .
It adapts to your position , not the other way around .
You do n't depend on your table .
You can lay back on your chair , and lose yourself in hours of photo retouching or illustration .
Advertisement
Given the nature of its custom menus , any user can take advantage of the Intuos4 for every program .
You can be using it constantly , instead of a mouse .
If you just want to use it for graphic applications , however , another advantage is that you can put it away easily , without having to disconnect it or struggle with cables .
This tablet could only be bettered if they made it into a wireless display .
Like the iPad , but connected to the computer so I can use Photoshop on my bed , the sofa or outside on the terrace ( the Bluetooth signal gets there , I tried ) .
Like the Cintiq 12 I tried , but with the same response , weight , and form factor .
Advertisement
Wacom Cintiq 12WX LCD Pen Tablet Video Review ( Verdict : Simply Amazing ) UPDATED
Click to viewHere 's the video review for the new Wacom Cintiq 12WX , a tablet that allows you to …
Read more
If you have an Intuos 3 or any other display - less Wacom tablet , get the Intuos4 Wireless .
Even though it does n't come with a mouse — like the regular Intuos4 Medium — it 's absolutely worth its $ 399 price tag ( just $ 30 more than the USB - based Intuos4 's list price ) .
Advertisement
Amazing performance with 2048 levels of pressure and only 1 gram of minimum pressure
Advertisement
Touch Ring and ExpressKeys customizable controls avoids touching the keyboard
Advertisement
Slightly pricier than Intuos4 Medium , and it does n't come with the mouse
Advertisement
A couple of times it took the Intuos4 a few seconds to reconnect after being asleep , although this is probably related to the computer coming out of sleep as well
U.S. President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama leave the State Dining Room of the White House after signing the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act , which improve health care services for veterans and expand caregiver benefits and training in Washington on May 5 , 2010 .
UPI / Olivier Douliery / Pool | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama signs the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services
Act , which improve health care services for veterans and expand caregiver benefits and training , in the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington on May 5 , 2010 .
UPI / Olivier Douliery / Pool | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama greet guests as they leave after signing the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act , which improve health care services for veterans and expand caregiver benefits and training , in the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington on May 5 , 2010 .
UPI / Olivier Douliery / Pool | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama hugs Sarah Wade , wife of Ted Wade , after signing the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act , which improve health care services for veterans and expand caregiver benefits and training , in the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington on May 5 , 2010 .
UPI / Olivier Douliery / Pool | License Photo
Pens that U.S. President Barack Obama ' will use to sign the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services
Act are seen before the signing ceremony in the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington on May 5 , 2010 .
The bill will improve health care services for veterans and expand caregiver benefits and training .
UPI / Olivier Douliery / Pool | License Photo
U.S. President Barack Obama signs the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act in the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington on May 5 , 2010 .
The bill will improve health care services for veterans and expand caregiver benefits and training .
UPI / Olivier Douliery / Pool | License Photo
WASHINGTON , May 5 ( UPI ) -- U.S. President Obama will sign a bill that would expand healthcare services for veterans and expand caregiver benefits and training , the White House said .
Joining Obama for the signing ceremony of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act Wednesday will be first lady Michelle Obama ; Jill Biden , wife of Vice President Joe Biden ; and Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki , the daily schedule said .
Advertisement
Obama also planned to meet separately with Republican Sens. Jon Kyl of Arizona and Orrin Hatch of Utah , the White House said .
In the evening , Obama was scheduled to speak at a Cinco de Mayo reception in the Rose Garden .
This is the funniest thing I have read all day .
On last night ’s Late Night with Conan O'Brien , when asked if he regrets any of the 150 films he has acted in over the years , acclaimed actor Dennis Hopper had this to say :
I made a picture called Super Mario Bros. , and my six - year - old son at the time -- he 's now 18 -- he said , ' Dad , I think you 're probably a pretty good actor , but why did you play that terrible guy King Koopa in Super Mario Bros . ? ' and I said , ' Well Henry , I did that so you could have shoes , ' and he said , ' Dad , I do n't need shoes that badly . '
Best story ever !
So , I guess Dennis Hopper made official what we all pretty much knew all along : he took the role of King Koopa for money .
Man , where the heck did I put that surprise face ?!
What do you think ?
Do you love Dennis Hopper even more now ?
How much do you love / hate Super Mario Bros. ( the movie , of course ) ?
And , can someone please explain to me ...
WHY THE HECK IS KING KOOPA A HUMAN IN THAT MOVIE ?!
[ Via 1UP ]
These amazing folded paper art by Simon Schubert , created by making some folds in sheets of paper .
Cool !
He said : “ The first attempt was not really so successful , took quite a white to get the technique perfect . ”
- Via Likecool
American Honda is now going to support the Green Music Challenge .
This is a traditional call for the American Honda .
The Honda Insight hybrid would also be awarded to the Grand Prize in the photo challenge .
This is going to be a completely web based photo competition .
Honda would be joining the Green Music Group along with the prizes to be sponsored with the initial Green Music Group Challenge round .
This sponsorship would bring new insights in the way Honda would be giving the 2010 Grand Prize for the winner after the 18 week web - based contest .
The Honda Insight hybrid is one coveted prize that would go to the winner after this ecology centered contest .
Honda has always worked onto support environmental initiatives and activities , maintaining a high decorum of environmental consciousness and growth in their business deals .
There are many ways through which this initiative is going to raise further awareness for people .
The Green Music Group Challenge is thus going to be an opening door for many to participate in their own ways to make for environmental growth and the arousal of awareness .
This will also encourage music fans to come across and make small changes in their own ways .
There are going to be massive compacts made to the environment that will start showing up as altering changes overall .
The national advertising has already got a huge response from the crowd .
Beware to not choose Windows when ordering .
Officially certified by Canonical .
Also checkout https://bartongeorge.io/
Need to check country specific website
From France to Worldwide
US to ?
US to US ( call for international options )
CoreBoot open bios on some laptops , open hardware on Thelio desktop
From US to multiple countries AND from UK to multiple countries
Yes
Yes
No
Alain Ehrenberg , sociologue , directeur de recherche au Centre national de la recherche scientifique ( CNRS ) , est spécialiste des questions mentales et observateur de l'individualisme contemporain .
Auteur , notamment , de La Fatigue d'être soi .
Dépression et société ( 1998 ) , il vient de publier La Société du malaise ( Odile Jacob , 439 pages , 23,90 euros ) .
Il y éclaire en quoi l'expression du malaise social est une spécificité de la société française .
Pour lui , le pays est confronté à une " crise de l'égalité " avec " une difficulté française à fournir une réponse pratique et crédible au profond renouvellement des inégalités " .
Pour dépasser cette situation et redonner du sens au mot solidarité , il préconise une " politique centrée sur la capacité d'agir des personnes et sur leur pouvoir de faire des choix personnels " .
Dans un récent entretien au Monde , le médiateur de la République , Jean - Paul Delevoye , qualifiait la société française de " psychiquement fatiguée " .
Partagez - vous ce diagnostic ?
On reconnaît là une manière très française de se représenter les problèmes sociaux , dans un vocabulaire psychologique .
Les problèmes de santé mentale et de souffrance psychique sont des préoccupations sociales fortes de tous les pays développés .
Mais le malaise dans la société singularise la France , il constitue une représentation collective que la société se donne d'elle - même .
Parlez à n'importe qui , dans la rue , du délitement du lien social , de la perte du vivre ensemble , etc .
Les gens voient de quoi il s'agit .
En Suède , en Grande - Bretagne , aux Etats - Unis , ce n'est nullement une croyance que tout un peuple partage .
Pourquoi le thème du malaise social s'est - il durablement installé en France ?
Le " malaise " se résume dans une double idée : le lien social s'affaiblit tandis qu'en contrepartie l'individu est surchargé de responsabilités et d'épreuves qu'il ne connaissait pas auparavant .
C'est ce que les sociologues français appellent un phénomène de désinstitutionalisation .
La preuve de ce malaise se trouve dans les pathologies sociales qui se développent dans notre monde moderne ( dépression , pathologies narcissiques ... ) et qui se présentent comme des pathologies de l'autonomie .
Pendant les " trente glorieuses " , l'aspiration à l'autonomie renvoyait à l'idée d'indépendance ( la liberté de choisir sa vie , etc. ) .
A partir des années 1980 , l'autonomie est devenue également une autonomie de compétition .
Or c'est la compétition qui divise la société française , car elle équivaut pour nous à l'abandon des individus aux forces du marché .
C'est pourquoi elle semble en contradiction avec nos principes de solidarité .
Aujourd 'hui , nous avons de nouveaux parcours de vie , où il faut s'engager personnellement dans des situations extrêmement nombreuses et hétérogènes .
La capacité à agir de soi-même tout en contrôlant ses affects est devenue une nécessité forte de la socialisation .
Y a-t - il une crise du modèle républicain ?
Je crois plutôt que nous sommes entrés dans une crise de l'égalité à la française .
C'est la part de vérité du malaise : il y a une difficulté française à fournir une réponse pratique et crédible au profond renouvellement des inégalités qui résulte des transformations de nos modes de vie .
Notre système de protection est désormais incapable d'empêcher les plus défavorisés de subir les conséquences des transformations économiques et sociales : les femmes issues des milieux populaires , par exemple , sont les principales victimes de cette situation .
Les inégalités concernent toujours les mêmes populations qu'auparavant mais avec une différence notable : alors qu'elles étaient vécues auparavant comme un destin collectif , elles sont désormais endossées comme un échec personnel .
Elles ont aussi changé de nature : face aux exigences du marché du travail , les capacités relationnelles et cognitives sont inégalement distribuées entre individus .
D'où la souffrance psychique ( sentiment de ne pas ê tre à la hauteur , perte de l'estime de soi ) .
Que préconisez - vous ?
La seule protection à l'égard des risques ne suffit plus , il faut faire évoluer l'idée en plaçant l'accent sur le concept de capacité : il s'agit d'aider les gens à s'aider eux-mêmes , les rendre capables de saisir des opportunités en les aidant à entrer dans la compétition .
Je plaide pour une politique de l'autonomie , c'est - à- dire une politique centrée sur la capacité d'agir des personnes et sur leur pouvoir de faire des choix personnels .
Aujourd 'hui , on peut marier efficacité et égalité .
Mais à condition que cette politique n'implique pas l'abandon des individus à eux-mêmes .
Il s'agit au contraire d'instaurer une responsabilité collective de lutte contre l'inégale distribution des capacités personnelles .
De donner du corps à l'idée de solidarité qui , actuellement , tourne à vide .
Capacité , opportunité , compétition , ce sont les mots du libéralisme ...
C'est un apparent paradoxe : il faut dépasser la magie des mots parce qu'elle nous empêche de penser .
On fait dans le concept - slogan au lieu d'analyser la réalité .
C'est pourtant à partir de ces mots qu'on peut donner du contenu et de la substance à la solidarité à l'égard des plus faibles , qu'on peut bâtir un renouveau de l'Etat - providence , actuellement à bout de souffle .
Il ne s'agit pas d'aimer le monde de la compétition ; il s'agit de faire avec .
Les Français ne sont pas condamnés au culte des grands souvenirs .
Comment cette politique de l'autonomie pourrait - elle se traduire ?
Par exemple dans une politique forte de la petite enfance .
La lutte contre les inégalités à partir de l'école est insuffisante , d'autant plus que le système scolaire français est très reproductif des inégalités .
Pour être efficace , elle doit commencer beaucoup plus tôt : c'est tout le sens d'une politique d'investissement dans l'accueil collectif des 0 - 3 ans , qui est un moyen très efficace de lutte contre les inégalités sociales , comme l'ont montré de nombreux travaux .
Les activités d'éveil et de stimulation développent les capacités intellectuelles et relationnelles , favorisent la santé mentale et l'équilibre émotionnel , qui sont des atouts décisifs dans le type de société dans lequel nous vivons .
Cela permet en outre aux mères des milieux populaires de travailler , donc de favoriser l'emploi et de réduire les inégalités entre hommes et femmes .
Actuellement , il y a un projet de réforme des crèches , mais quel homme politique parle de ces problèmes ?
Il n'y a aucun débat pour éclairer l'opinion .
Ces choses très simples à comprendre , et dont le retour sur investissement est excellent , restent à la marge du débat politique .
Voilà pourtant ce qui donne de la substance au mot " solidarité " , au lieu de le prononcer de façon incantatoire .
Que pensez - vous de la société du " care " telle que l'a prônée Martine Aubry , la première secrétaire du Parti socialiste ?
Que le " care " est une éthique ou une morale , mais qu'on ne voit pas quelle politique on va pouvoir en tirer .
C'est le ton de la compassion et ce n'est pas avec cette référence qu'on parle de la réalité et qu'on ouvre des perspectives d'avenir crédibles .
Il y a effectivement une difficulté à formuler un discours politique , à gauche surtout , mais je ne vois aucune impossibilité de faire évoluer les esprits .
Si vous parlez aux gens un langage nuancé et crédible , comme Barack Obama a su le faire aux Etats - Unis , c'est possible .
Moi , je plaide plutôt pour un " Yes , we can " à la française .
Propos recueillis par Cécile Prieur
( h/t Mugsy )
Fox News Sunday apparently decided that the top news stories of the day were Newt Gingrich 's and Laura Bush 's new books ( in that order , too ) .
What oil spill ?
What battles in Iraq and Afghanistan ?
What economy ?
What Supreme Court nominee ?
What immigration reform battle ?
Nah , none of those are important ... what Fox News viewers need to learn about is the literary efforts of " super - relevant " Republicans like the disgraced former Speaker of the House and the former First Lady of the least popular president in US history .
But eagle - eyed C&Ler Mugsy noticed something in the Bush home , where Chris Wallace interviewed Laura Bush , that should make the hairs on Glenn Beck 's neck stand up on end :
LAURA BUSH IS A MAOIST SCHOLAR !
Look at the bookshelf behind Chris Wallace .
Right behind his shoulder appears to be this book .
Interestingly , most of the Amazon reviews describe the book as somewhat " sympathetic " to Mao .
Wait a second ... you do n't suppose that it 's not actually Pickles who read the book , do you ?
That would mean that it belongs to former President George W. " I read three Shakespeares " Bush .
Does Glenn
Beck know ?????
After a great deal of early promise , resveratrol has been on the ropes for a while , most prominently as a result of studies questioning whether it can directly activate sirtuins — this against a backdrop of growing skepticism that sirtuin activation can extend mammalian lifespan in any case .
Now , another ( possible ) black eye : GlaxoSmithKline ( the company that purchased Sirtris , a pharmaceutical company co-founded by sirtuin / resveratrol pioneer David Sinclair ) has suspended a trial of a resveratrol formulation , SRT501 in multiple myeloma patients , because several of the study ’s subjects developed kidney failure .
GSK emphasizes that the trial has not been cancelled , but they are observing a moratorium on recruiting new patients until they determine whether the resveratrol was responsible for the subjects ’ kidney problems .
Nephropathy is a frequent complication in myeloma ; one hypothesis being entertained is that the very high doses of resveratrol used in the trial caused vomiting , which in turn resulted in dehydration and tipped the balance in kidneys already close to failure due to the underlying cancer .
More elsewhere :
Microsoft has announced that it intends to phase out its support newsgroups .
The company currently has more than 2,000 public newsgroups used for tech support and developer dicussion , but in recent years has been migrating to a more commonplace , Web - based discussion forum platform .
On top of these newsgroups , there are a further 2,200 private newsgroups used for beta discussion , MVP communities , and other closed communities .
The closure of the newsgroups will begin next month and will start with the least trafficked newsgroups , with users redirected to the relevant support forums .
The rationale that Microsoft gives is that the NNTP newsgroup platform is old and unsupported .
Though the newsgroups did include official Microsoft representatives , they were unmoderated , and frequent victims of spam and virus attacks .
Further , Microsoft 's own newsgroup servers only had a 90 - day retention policy , meaning that valuable answers ended up being purged .
The forums , in contrast , are a platform that Microsoft actively develops .
They are more accessible , especially since they show up in Web search results , and they offer additional functionality like answer acceptance and voting .
These features , Microsoft believes , make them a better solution for online support .
The company says that newsgroup usage has dropped by half in the last year , while the online forums are seeing sizeable growth .
This makes the decision to end the newsgroups unsurprising .
Nonetheless , as an occasional user of the newsgroups since their introduction in 1996 , and a fan of their old - fashioned , plain - text , threaded interface , I 'm a little sad to see their demise .
Join us and rediscover your music !
Version 2.3.1
Changes
Improved responsiveness when expanding / collapsing items in the collection browser when using single - click mode .
The Collection scanner now runs with idle priority when invoked by Amarok .
Batch scan users can invoke it with the -- idlepriority flag .
Bugfixes
File browser : fixed sorting files by date .
( BR 226941 )
Fixed issue with file browser bookmarks not working when the file browser was showing " places " .
Fixed crash when right clicking in file browser while it is showing " Places " .
( BR 237562 )
Fixed strange selection behaviour in the music sources pane ( BR 222760 ) .
Fixed factor used when filtering lengths in collection browser .
Fixed wrong value used when filtering comments in collection browser .
Do n't truncate the " Label : " label in the TagDialog .
( BR 235957 )
Display extended characters properly in names of Last . fm streams .
( BR 222930 )
Cover fetcher : prevent automatic fetcher from setting album 's cover if it is done manually during the download .
( BR 236839 )
File browser : show folders first , files afterwards .
Patch by < dystopticus@gmx.net >.
( BR 226599 )
Queued track 's contextual menu entry about dequeueing was written wrong and misleading .
( BR 235047 )
Custom color setting in the On Screen Display was only applied after restart .
Patch by Frank Steinmetzger < Warp_7@gmx.de >.
Track Rating was not always displayed correctly in the On Screen Display .
Patch by Frank Steinmetzger < Warp_7@gmx.de >.
Improved layout for applet setting dialogs .
Patch by Felix Geyer < debfx-kde@fobos.de >.
Made icons in applets react correctly in double - click environments .
Thanks to Felix Geyer < debfx-kde@fobos.de >.
Several bug fixes for the bundled LyricWiki script .
Patch by Oleg G < verdrehung@gmail.com >.
( BR 233605 )
Better fix for pausing SHOUTcast streams , without advancing to the next track after resume .
( BR 192878 )
Version 2.3.1- Beta 1
Features
Persistant Queue Saving :
The playlist queue is now saved when Amarok is closed and restored upon startup .
( BR 215057 )
Automated Playlist Generator : allows smart creation of playlists that match user - specified constraints .
Combines the features of " Smart Playlists " in Amarok 1.4 with the Bias system of Amarok 2.0 .
It 's now possible to mark all episodes in a channel as old or new at once .
New " Upcoming Events " applet , displays future concerts for the artist of the currently playing track .
The event info is fetched from Last.fm .
New " Similar Artists " applet , displays a list of artists which are similar to the one currently played .
The list is fetched from Last.fm .
The scripting system now offers a new function for detecting that a track has finished .
Patch by Michael MacDonald < mars@antlersoft.com >.
( BR 227312 )
Support for the new System Tray technology from KDE SC 4.4 .
This adds nice animations and a better looking popup menu to the System Tray .
Thanks to Aurelien Gateau < agateau@kde.org > for the patch .
Allow playlist layouts to group tracks by directory .
( BR 230594 )
Cover fetcher : The UI was improved .
Now an icon view is used to display results , with an informational sidebar that may show interesting bits about an image .
Cover fetcher : Added ability to enter custom queries via Yahoo ! , Google , or Discogs ( in addition to Lasf . Fm ) .
Note the source for automatic cover fetching is still Last . fm only .
Changes
Allow changing the number of recently added albums in the albums applet .
Magnatune.com store : Added " Home " link to all artist and album pages leading to the Magnatune.com front page .
Magnatune.com store : Improved Magnatune.com front page .
Magnatune.com store : Completely remove option to purhcase single albums as this is no longer supported by Magnatune.com and the API for doing so will be disabled in the future .
The new file browser now supports " places " .
Added " up " and " home " buttons to the new filebrowser .
Items in the breadcrumb navigation bar are now hidden if there is not enough room to show all of them ( similar to how it works in Dolphin ) ( BR 231497 )
Improved performance ( dramatic in some cases ) when filtering the Playlist ( 231185 ) .
Remove information that is already displayed elsewhere in the playlist from the playlist tooltips .
Make showing the playlist tooltips a per playlist layout option .
When bookmarking a view in the local collection , also store ( and restore ) the setings for " Show Cover Art " and " Show Years " .
( BR 230562 )
Allow moodbar files witout the leading '.' ( both .< trackfilename >.mood and < trackfilename >.mood now work )
Change example SQL command for setting up an external database to remove ( sometimes incorrect ) host name and possibly fix some random regression in some MySQL versions .
( BR 225052 )
Bugfixes
We are happy to announce the release of Amarok 2.3.1 .
This release brings with it some exciting new features like the Automated Playlist Generator which helps you create playlists based on criteria like song length or file size .
This is the start of bringing back the smart playlist feature of Amarok 1 and more .
We have also added two new applets for the Context View .
The Upcoming Events applet shows concerts and events that the currently playing artist is participating in and the Similar Artists applet uses the Last . fm database to show similar artist and makes the ones in your collection directly playable .
Cover fetching has seen a lot of improvements and we added support for the new system tray protocol .
The 2.3.1 release also fixes many bugs , both major and minor , and brings with it many other small improvements that overall help to make the Amarok experience even more enjoyable !
Some of the coding on Amarok 2.3.1 was done in the beautiful town of Randa in Switzerland and on the way to and from there .
We 've had a very enjoyable sprint together with the KDE Edu team there .
Check out the wiki page for links to blog entries and pictures .
We 're also happy to have a booth again at Linuxtag taking place from 9 . to 12 .
June in Berlin , Germany .
We have 15 free tickets to give away for all 4 days !
If you want one of them let us know in the comments and do n't forget to leave your email address .
If you 'll be there do n't forget to drop by and say hello at the booth ! :)
The changes since the last release include :
The fundamental root of the housing bubble -- the collusion of the Central State and banks to extend home ownership to millions of citizens who did not qualify for that burden -- remains firmly in place .
The Federal government continues to pour tens of billions of dollars into this " home ownership should be for everyone " project via subsidies to Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and FHA .
Mortgage lenders have been delighted to write mortgages in our completely nationalized market in which the government backs literally 99 % of all mortgages and the Federal Reserve bought $ 1.2 trillion in mortgages that no sane private investor would touch .
Fannie Mae seeks $ 8.4 billion from government after loss : Fannie Mae , the largest U.S. residential mortgage funds provider , on Monday asked the government for an additional $ 8.4 billion after the company lost $ 13.1 billion in the first quarter .
Because of current trends in housing and financial markets , Fannie Mae expects to continue having a net worth deficit in future periods and to need to tap more funding from the Treasury .
" Promoting sustainable homeownership and maintaining ready access to liquidity are our guiding principles in serving the residential markets , " said Michael Williams , the firm 's chief executive .
The government has relied heavily on both companies , which buy mortgages from lenders to stimulate more lending , to stabilize the housing market .
In other words , the housing market would collapse without this massive Federal support , and there is no end to the losses this subsidy will require .
Propping up the nation 's fundamnetally insolvent housing market is truly a financial black hole .
Meanwhile , the default rate on low - down - payment FHA loans is a staggering 20 % on loans written in 2008 -- after the housing bust had already unfolded and the risk was undeniable : F.H.A. Problems Raising Concern of Policy Makers :
F.H.A. commissioner , David H. Stevens , acknowledged that some 20 percent of F.H.A. loans insured last year — and as many as 24 percent of those from 2007 — faced serious problems including foreclosure .
The Federal government has thus shown that it is so committed to propping up an unsustainable policy and housing market that it is ready to write off 1 in every 4 mortgages within a year of origination .
The problem with that willingness to absorb risk for the sake of incentivizing borrowing for home ownership is that next year another 20 % will default , and then the following year another 20 % will default , and by year Five the vast majority of those loans backed by FHA will be in default .
FHA Facing " Cataclysmic " Default Rates :
The Federal Housing Administration ( FHA ) has guaranteed about 25 % of all new U.S. mortgages written in 2009 , up from just 2 % in 2005 .
The key phrase here is " borrowing , " not " home ownership . "
The key feature of State support of housing is not legitimate " home ownership , " it is the enabling of massive new sources of income and transactional churn for lenders and Wall Street loan and derivatives packagers .
Home " ownership " when there is no equity in the purchase and no equity being built via principal payments is a simulacrum of ownership .
If a buyer puts almost no money into the purchase -- even now , FHA and VA loans can be had with a mere 3 % down payment -- and the loan is of the interest - only or adustable - rate ( ARM ) variety favored during the housing bubble 's heyday , then there is no principal payment being made and thus no equity being built .
These " buyers " do n't " own " anything ; all they 're doing is renting the money in the hopes that rising home prices will create equity for them out of thin air .
What they " own " is essentially an option on a property which they " rent " monthly .
If the government manages to reinflate the housing bubble ( it wo n't , but hope and greed spring eternal ) , then the option will pay off handsomely .
The " owner " put no money into the speculative bet , but they can then sell their option for a huge profit .
If housing plummets , then the " bet " was lost .
But since " renting " the mortgage did n't cost much more than renting a real house , and there was no capital at risk , then the downside is modest indeed .
In other words , heavily subsidized mortgages at low rates with little money down incentivizes not home " ownership " but speculation in credit - based bubbles .
In the " old days " ( circa 1994 ) , the expectation was that equity would be built by paying off the mortgage principal over time .
Equity was a result of reducing the mortgage due , not the result of speculative gambling on future asset bubbles .
The FDIC foresaw the risks of the subprime mortgage gambit to extend " ownership " of a mortgage back in 2006 , when they issued this chart .
As I noted in Housing and the Collapse of Upward Mobility ( April 16 , 2010 ) , according to the Census Bureau , the U.S. has 51,487,282 housing units with a mortgage and 23,875,803 Housing units without a mortgage as of 2008 .
As I go on to document in that entry , massive equity extraction and credit - based speculative purchases of homes has had a disastrous consequence to home equity : there is only about $ 1 trillion - - a mere 1.85 % of the nation 's total net worth -- of equity left in the 51 million homes with mortgages .
So much for the progressive - sounding goal of extending home ownership to all : the pernicious consequence is that equity has been all but wiped out for mortgage holders .
Let 's ask cui bono of this " home ownerhsip should be for everyone " policy : who benefitted ?
Certainly not the " owners , " most of whom have either been wiped out ( some 25 % of " owners " have negative equity , and this probably understates reality ) , or who are left with shreds of equity which wo n't survive the next downturn in housing prices .
Who benefitted ?
The mortgage lenders , banks and Wall Street debt packagers .
While undoubtedly some do - gooders in Washington were convinced that home ownership was the key feature of middle class wealth , events have proven their belief to be tragically in error .
The key feature of middle class wealth is thrift , not massive leveraged debt .
What Washington and its financial Power Elite partners presented as " the road to middle class wealth " was in fact a mere chimera , a simulacrum of the road to middle class wealth .
That road is fiscal prudence and thrift .
Immigrants have prospered in the U.S. for generations because they were thrifty and sacrificed for their children by sweating blood to save money for college educations and for 20 % down payments on homes .
They did not prosper by snagging Central State supported mortgages with no down payment on homes they could not afford under any prudent calculation of risk .
From this point of view , the entire " home ownership is for everyone " policy was a gigantic fraud , a con job sold to an American public greedy for a short - cut to middle class wealth .
The bankers and the Central State government both profited immensely , as the bankers and Wall Street minted tens of billions in profits off the mortgage machine and its derivative spin-offs , and the government ( at all levels , Federal , state and local ) gorged on billions of dollars in transfer fees , capital gains taxes and the sales taxes on all the gewgaws home " owners " bought to fill up their new McMansions .
Back in 2006 ( when I 'd already been covering the coming housing bust for almost two years ) , the FDIC reckoned 5 % of home " owners " were at risk of default .
5 % of 75 million is 3.75 million .
As near as I can calculate from these media accounts , ( Homes in foreclosure rose 79 % in ' 07 , Record 3 million households hit with foreclosure in 2009 ) , about 4 million mortgages have already been foreclosed .
So the " at risk " " buyers " are gone .
Their " bet " on future housing appreciation has been lost .
But 14 % of all mortgages are still in default , ( about 7 million ) which suggests that rather than being drained , the foreclosure pipeline is full to bursting .
I addressed this more fully in The Foreclosure Pipeline Is Full .
The basic problem which cannot be solved is that the entire housing policy was founded on two presumptions which are both failing : prosperity ( jobs ) will grow forever , and housing values will rise forever .
The policy did not consider the possibility that household income and wealth would actually decline , and that housing valuations would decine by substantial amounts , year after year .
The housing subsidy policy was in effect a speculative scheme in which a simulacrum of " ownership " was extended on the faith that rising income and house prices would make good that bet .
Now that assumption has been revealed as false ; incomes and house prices are both in structural declines , yet the Federal government is insisting on issuing hundreds of billions of dollars in new " options " ( simulacra of ownership ) in the vain , absurd hope that issuing enough speculative bets will actually re-inflate the housing bubble and thus bail out the banks , Wall Street , Federal revenues and the hapless marks who bought into the con .
But issuing leveraged options is not the same as creating capital or equity .
Thus the government 's plan of reflating the housing bubble will fail .
Let 's take a look at home ownership rates over the past century .
As we can see , prior to the Federal government 's massive subsidy of housing via 3 % down payments and guaranteed mortgages , ownership hovered at around 45 % of households .
Clearly , home ownership ( the real thing , not a simulacrum ) was not for everyone for the simple reason less than half the populace could afford to buy a home when a substantial down payment and private lending were required .
I know this sounds " impossible " ( just like it was " impossible " for stocks and housing to crash ) but what if the government is forced to repudiate its housing policy and ownership falls from 67 % to 47 % ?
According to the Census Bureau ( home ownership rates ) , there are 111 million occupied dwellings , 19 million vacant dwellings ( of which only 6 - 7 million are truly vacation / second homes ) , and 75 million owner - occupied homes .
Even after 4 million foreclosures , that puts home ownership at 67 % .
If the entire edifice of mortgage subsidies ( which result in 20 % default rates ) collapses under its own weight , and home ownership ( the real thing ) declines to 47 % of households , that would leave about 52 million owners and 59 million renters .
Since 24 million home owners already own their houses fee and clear ( without mortgages ) , then that implies that mortgage holders would decline from 51 million to 28 million .
Would that really be such a terrible thing for the nation ?
How beneficial is the current simulacrum of home " ownership " anyway , when a pathetic 1.8 % of the nation 's wealth is spread amongst 51 million home " owners " staggering under unprecedented debt ?
Can that even be called " ownership " ?
What exactly is " owned " other than a call option on future bubbles ?
What is owned is the debt -- by banks and " investors , " all backed by Federal guarantees .
Who would suffer from the end of this perverse subsidy of a false " ownership " is Wall Street and the big mortgage lenders , who would see the pool of mortgage money diminish to what the private debt market would support .
All those fat transaction fees , the re-financing fees , the plump profits from home equity lines of credit , the enormous profits booked from packaging mortgages and writing derivatives against them - - all gone .
As I wrote in Survival + , always start by asking cui bono : to whose benefit ?
Here are a few of the dozens of entries I 've written over the past 5 years on the housing bubble / bust :
Housing Wealth Effect Shifts Into Reverse ( May 2 , 2006 )
Will Delinquencies Trigger a New American Revolution ?
( April 7 , 2008 )
Can 4 % of Homeowners Sink the Entire Market ?
( February 21 , 2007 )
Housing and the Paradox of Credit Bubbles , Equity and Demand ( March 29 , 2010 )
DailyJava.net is now open for aggregating our collective intelligence .
Order Survival+ : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation and / or Survival +
The Primer from your local bookseller or from amazon.com or in ebook and Kindle formats .
A 20 % discount is available from the publisher .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
In his May 28th interview with Bloomberg 's Mark Crumpton and Lori Rothman , Matt Simmons of energy investment bank Simmons & Company , provides some stunning revelations on what is really occurring in the Gulf of Mexico , and proposes that the only effective way to contain the leak is to relieve BP , bring in the military , and do what the Russians have done on comparable occasions , namely explode nuclear weapons within the wellbore .
Simmons knows what he is talking about .
As Jim Bianco points out : " Matt Simmons gained fame with his book 2005 Twilight in the Desert where he claimed that the Saudis were overstating their oil output because they hit “ peak oil . ”
Right or wrong Simmons claimed the price of oil was going to skyrocket and three years after the book ’s release the crude oil hit $ 147 / Barrel .
In January 2009 the WSJ called Simmons one of the five most important voices in the oil industry .
Simmons has been wrong in the past and his views are non-conventional and often correct .
Simmons is also highly connected within the oil industry so he knows who to talk to verify his claims . "
In addition to his radical solution , Simmons also points out that " Top Kill " is a sideshow and the real problem is 5 to 7 miles away , where a second fissure is " releasing a plume the size of Delaware and Maryland combined . "
If Simmons is indeed right , and the only recourse left to Obama is to nuke the seabed , the repercussions for his already shaky political situation will be tremendous .
h/t Jim Bianco and The Intel Hub
( CNN ) -- Dennis
Hopper , the one - time Hollywood enfant terrible who portrayed such indelible characters as " Easy Rider 's " biker Billy and " Blue Velvet 's " huffing villain Frank Booth , died of prostate cancer Saturday morning at his home in Venice , California , his wife said .
He was 74 .
Hopper , who was diagnosed with prostate cancer last October , was surrounded by his children when he died , his wife , Victoria Hopper , told CNN .
Funeral arrangements have not been decided , but Hopper 's wish was to be buried in Taos , New Mexico , " his heart home , " Victoria Hopper said .
The American film icon made his last public appearance on March 26 , 2010 , when his star was dedicated on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame .
Over almost six decades as a performer and director , his career spanned a range of Hollywood trends : TV's live " Golden Age , " films about disillusioned teenagers , a variety of Westerns , anti-establishment dramas , offbeat indie films , action blockbusters and edgy cable series .
He often played villains , occasionally lost souls , almost all with a force and empathy .
Share your tributes , memories of Dennis Hopper
There was Dennis Hopper before " Easy Rider , " generally known as a clean - cut , if rebellious , character actor who had built a career of supporting roles in Westerns , youth - oriented films and TV shows .
There was Dennis Hopper after " Easy Rider , " for years one of Hollywood 's wild men , an actor with a penchant for alcohol , drugs and outlandish behavior , and later a go - to performer to play villains and commanding misfits .
And then there was " Easy Rider , " the 1969 film that he directed and co-wrote , and in which he played a dissolute , countercultural biker named Billy .
Thanks to the film , Hopper helped blaze a trail for the young , aggressive filmmakers who would take Hollywood by storm in the 1970s .
Dennis Lee Hopper was born in Dodge City , Kansas , on May 17 , 1936 .
He grew up in San Diego , California , and established an early reputation for stage work .
Making his way to Hollywood while still in his teens , he quickly earned roles in TV shows and films , including " Rebel Without a Cause " ( 1955 ) , in which he met James Dean , who became a friend and lifelong model , Hopper once said .
Dean was " a guerrilla artist who attacked all restrictions on his sensibility .
... I imitated his style in art and in life .
It got me in a lot of trouble , " Hopper recalled .
Hopper also appeared in " Giant " with Dean , who died in a car accident in September 1955 .
" He 's the greatest actor that I ever saw .
I never saw anyone that could even touch him , " he told CNN 's Larry King in 2005 .
" He moved better than any actor .
He 's like an expressionist to me .
He not only filled himself with emotion , but he , like -- he did things that were so unbelievably physical . "
Hopper maintained a somewhat uneven career through the mid-'60s , appearing in such films as the John Wayne vehicle " The Sons of Katie Elder " ( 1965 ) and the Paul Newman classic " Cool Hand Luke " ( 1967 ) as well as several TV shows -- often Westerns .
But it was 1967 's psychedelic " The Trip , " directed by " King of the B's " Roger Corman , that exposed the actor to an anti-establishment audience and two of his " Easy Rider " colleagues , actor Peter Fonda and " Trip " writer Jack Nicholson .
In early 1968 , Hopper led the group through his own low - budget film , a biker road movie about two disenchanted riders who -- thanks to some drug money -- travel from Los Angeles to New Orleans .
" A man went looking for America and could n't find it anywhere , " went the words of its famous tagline .
" Easy Rider " was finally released in the summer of 1969 , and became a sensation -- after 1967's " Bonnie and Clyde " and " The Graduate , " the breakthrough that set free the Baby Boomer generation on Hollywood .
( Ironically , another of Hopper 's 1969 films was " True Grit , " an old - fashioned Western that earned John Wayne an Oscar . )
The film , made on the fly by Hopper and co-star Fonda for less than $ 500,000 , became one of the highest - grossing movies of its time and helped make a star of Nicholson , who played an ill - fated , alcoholic lawyer .
" It was just a very special time when the lunatics really got to take over the asylum for a minute , " Hopper told Reuters in 2008 .
" For a brief moment there , there really seemed to be an independent film movement .
Then it was over . "
i Reporter captures Walk of Fame ceremony
But even at the height of " Rider 's " success , Hopper was developing a reputation as a difficult artist , using drugs and drinking heavily .
He and Fonda -- best friends in the movie -- were n't that way in real life , he told People in 2002 .
" Peter and I were n't friends .
By the time we started the film , Peter tried to have me fired .
He considered me out of control , and I was , " Hopper said .
" We made a good film , but it was n't made out of love . "
Given carte blanche to direct his next movie , Hopper made " The Last Movie " ( 1971 ) an indulgent failure that made the list of the Medved brothers ' " 50 Worst Films of All Time " in their 1978 book of that name .
Hopper descended into drug and alcohol abuse in the '70s .
A marriage to Mamas and Papas singer Michelle Phillips famously lasted eight days in 1970 , and he barely sustained his career as an actor , though he gave a notable turn as the crazed photographer in Francis Ford Coppola 's " Apocalypse Now " ( 1979 ) .
" The alcohol was awful .
I was a terrible alcoholic , " Hopper told CBS ' Charlie Rose .
" I mean , people used to ask how much drugs I did .
I said , ' I only do drugs so I can drink more . '
I was doing the coke so I could drink more .
I mean , I do n't know any other reason .
I 'd start drinking in the morning .
I 'd drink all day long . "
After hitting bottom -- he had a breakdown in a Latin American jungle -- Hopper entered rehab in the early ' 80s , and his career began a renaissance .
He was determined to do 1986's " Blue Velvet , " about the sordid underbelly of a small town , reportedly telling writer and director David Lynch , " I 've got to play this part , David , because I AM Frank . "
Frank Booth -- fond of profanity , Roy Orbison and inhaling a mysterious gas -- earned Hopper wide acclaim .
He received a best supporting actor Oscar nomination for his next film , " Hoosiers " ( 1986 ) , in which he played the drunken father of a high school basketball player .
Hopper never strayed far from the A - list after that , giving notable turns in " Speed " ( 1994 ) , " " Basquiat " ( 1996 ) , " Jesus ' Son " ( 1999 ) and the TV show " Crash . "
i Report : Hopper became honorary mayor in 2009
In recent years , Hopper was as well known for his political views -- he self - identified as a Republican in liberal Hollywood -- as his work .
( He did play a Democratic presidential candidate in 2008 's " Swing Vote , " however . )
Among his recent roles were a villain in the TV series " 24 " and an officer in the short - lived TV show " E - Ring . "
He was starring in the TV version of the Oscar - winning film " Crash " at his death , playing a conniving record producer .
He was named a chevalier of France 's Order of Arts and Letters in 2008 .
Hopper was married five times and had four children , ranging in age from 47 to 6 .
His personal life continued its ups and downs to the end .
In January , while Hopper was suffering from prostate cancer , he filed for divorce from his fifth wife , Victoria .
Hopper 's lawyer argued in the divorce case that his estranged wife 's presence was hampering his fight with cancer , but the judge allowed her to continue living in the family 's Venice compound with their daughter .
But it 's his films for which he 'll be remembered -- and there was something for everybody , he told People in 2002 .
" I can be in the 24 - hour grocery store at midnight , and suddenly someone come up and says , ' Man , you know I loved you in ' Chainsaw Massacre 2 , ' " Hopper said with a laugh .
" Well , ' Chainsaw Massacre 2 ' is not my favorite film to be remembered for .
Then there was ' Hoosiers , ' which was a very likable , inspirational sports film .
Kids will come up asking for the coach 's autograph .
" Somewhere in my strange career , someone has liked something . "
CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .
A 26 - year - old Muslim convert was walking through the store in Trignac , near Nantes , in the western Loire - Atlantique region , when she overhead the woman lawyer making " snide remarks about her black burka " .
A police officer close to the case said : " The lawyer said she was not happy seeing a fellow shopper wearing a veil and wanted the ban introduced as soon as possible . "
For two years there have been stories that the Rudd Government would call an early election .
Most of these stories have been easy to dismiss , first because they seemed to originate from the Opposition rather than the Government , and second because they ignored that the Government was constitutionally prevented from calling an early election .
Now as the pointy end of the electoral cycle approaches , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd faces a decision on whether to call a normal election where half of the Senate faces the people , or to roll the dice and call a double dissolution .
In my view the Prime Minister is most likely to call a double dissolution election for August or early September .
There are issues to weigh up on timing and possible Senate results , but the compelling reason why the Prime Minister will call a double dissolution election is that it is the only way he can bring an immediate end to the blocking power in the Senate of the Coalition and Family First 's Steve Fielding .
The timing problems of a double dissolution go back to the 1890s and the origins of the Constitution .
The double dissolution power contained in Section 57 of the Constitution is not just an excuse for an early election .
Section 57 is one of the key provisions that made federation possible .
The 1890s constitutional conventions agreed on creating a variable - term House of Representatives where states were represented according to their population , and a fixed - term Senate with staggered terms in which the states would have equal representation .
But having given the small states so much power in the Senate , the larger states only agreed to federation if a government responsible to the popularly elected House of Representatives was given a mechanism to overcome an obstructionist Senate .
The mechanism produced was the double dissolution , a provision with no parallel elsewhere in the world .
This piece of 19th - century history about states ' rights may sound irrelevant today , but it is critical to understanding the timing issues the Rudd Government faces with this year 's election .
First is the problem of the Senate 's fixed term .
Writs for a half - Senate election cannot be issued until one year before the end of the Senate term .
The retiring half - Senate was elected in 2004 and its term expires on June 30 , 2011 .
So the Government cannot issue a writ until July 1 , 2010 , meaning the first possible date for a House and half - Senate election is August 7 , 2010 .
Of the 36 state senate seats facing election , 19 are held by the Coalition .
The 2010 election will undo the 2004 election when the Howard government gained a Senate majority .
Whether the Rudd Government calls a half - Senate election or a double dissolution , undoing the 2004 result will cost the Coalition seats and deliver the balance of power to the Greens .
The problem for the Rudd Government in a half - Senate election is that the 36 new Senators will not take their seats until July 1 , 2011 .
Calling a normal election would mean no change to the Coalition 's grip on the Senate until a year into the Rudd Government 's second term .
I find it unlikely that the Rudd Government would be prepared to fritter away a third of its second term in office when it has the option to clear the Senate with a double dissolution .
Double dissolutions were designed for deadlocks , not as an alternative to a normal election .
For that reason a double dissolution of the Parliament cannot take place in the last six months of a term .
Again there are timing issues in this .
Parliamentary terms begin on the date of the first parliamentary sitting , not on the date of the last election .
The current Parliament first sat on February 11 , 2008 , so it expires on February 10 , 2011 and a dissolution of both houses can take place as late as August 10 this year .
The Government already has its ETS scheme and changes to the private health insurance rebate as double dissolution triggers .
The Prime Minister can visit the Governor - General at any time before August 10 and use these bills as the trigger for a double dissolution .
It is unlikely Prime Minister would do this before the end of May at the earliest as to hold a double dissolution election before July 1 would cut a year off the Government 's second term .
This is because double dissolutions reset Senate terms .
After a double dissolution , all Senate terms are backdated to July 1 before polling day .
If the Government called a double dissolution election for a date before July 1 this year , Senate terms would be backdated to July 1 , 2009 , meaning another half - Senate election would have to be held in the first half of 2012 .
A double dissolution before July 1 would effectively deliver the Government only a two - year second term .
After July 1 , the Government would get close to its full three - year term , the next election due in the first half of 2013 .
Given the constitutional and electoral act restrictions , and the holding of a normal five - week campaign , the Government can hold a double dissolution election between July 3 and September 18 2010 without losing a year from its second term .
If the Government wants to go beyond the normal five - week campaign , the election date can be pushed out as late as October 16 , as long as the dissolution occurs by August 10 .
The key window for the election is the seven weekends between August 7 and September 18 , a period when the Government can choose whether it wants to hold a normal House and half - Senate election , or to hold a double dissolution .
A double dissolution elects 12 Senators per state instead of six , reducing the quota for election from 14.3 per cent to 7.7 per cent .
That makes it easier for minor parties to win election , and gives the Greens a chance of winning two seats in some states .
The corralling of preferences to elect micro political parties , as occurred with the election of Family First 's Steve Fielding in 2004 , would be easier with the lower double dissolution quota .
However , assuming the Rudd Government is re-elected , this lower quota is more likely to cause the Coalition to lose seats to micro-parties rather than Labor .
There are some electoral disadvantages for Labor with a double dissolution .
At a half - Senate election , a party wins three of the six seats in each state with 42.9 per cent of the vote .
Winning six out of 12 seats at a double dissolution requires a higher 46.2 per cent .
That 's why Labor would do slightly better out of a half - Senate election than a double dissolution .
Under either option , Labor plus the Greens have a majority , but Labor would do better compared to the Greens at a half - Senate election .
Either way , the Greens finish with the balance of power .
Labor might do better out of a half - Senate election , but it would not remove the Senate 's Coalition block , nor give access to a joint sitting to pass the blocked legislation .
One final advantage of a double dissolution is the allocation of six and three - year terms to the new Senators .
If Labor wins , they are more likely to finish with three six - year Senate terms in most states , and only two or three three - year Senators .
The Coalition is more likely to win more of the 3 - year Senate terms , giving the Labor Party a slight advantage at the 2013 election .
The Government has its constitutional triggers for a double dissolution , but it may not want these to be the key political justification .
The ETS legislation has become more controversial since the collapse of the UN climate change talks last December , and the private health insurance changes are a breech of a 2007 election promise .
If the Government calls a double dissolution , it needs to turn the focus from its constitutional justification to its political justification , which is breaking the ability of Senator Fielding and the Coalition to block and delay legislation .
Already the Government is ramping up its rhetoric about Senate obstructionism .
Some final timing issues are redistributions and state election timetables .
Draft electoral boundaries are due to be released for Victoria at the end of July .
Issue of writs for a double dissolution will cancel the redistribution process .
Writs for a Victorian election will be issued on November 2 , effectively setting October as the last realistic month for a Federal election .
The New South Wales Electoral Commission wants to start rolling out its new automatic enrolment procedures , and an election held too late this year will create confusion with the new New South Wales procedures .
The Rudd Government can hold off until April 16 , 2011 if it wants , but that means fighting on new Victorian electoral boundaries , creating confusion with the New South Wales enrolment laws and holding an election at the same time as the doomed New South Wales Labor Government .
That wo n't happen .
Political logic points to a double dissolution after July 1 , most probably in August or early September .
The Government has constitutional justification for a double dissolution , and is building up its political justification based on Senate obstructionism .
It has the timing opportunity of holding a double dissolution without losing a year from its term and polls that give it a chance to remake the Senate .
All the logic points to the Rudd government taking its chance .
Antony Green is the ABC 's election analyst .
More on possible election dates and Senate results at Antony Green 's blog .
LOS ANGELES — The NBC action - comedy Chuck , familiar to millions of viewers from its long - running promo bumpers , does not actually exist , network executives admitted Friday .
" We had a very successful , very expensive promotional campaign , but to be honest , we never actually bothered making a pilot , " NBC spokesperson Grant Twombly said .
" I guess everybody just assumes everybody else is watching it , because advertisers have jumped on board , and DVD sales are somehow doing great . "
A ratings analyst reached for comment confirmed that " people can't get enough of that Chuck . "
Advertisement
Thanks to Johannes Bruder of Hamburg University for sending me this intriguing chart :
I suspect that the pattern would continue were you to include non-European countries as well ; what ’s interesting to me is the way in which there ’s much more variation among eurozone countries than there is at the bottom of the scale , between Germany and countries like the UK and Switzerland which set their own interest rates .
As for trades , I wonder whether the chart might be pointing to a long - Ireland , short - Italy relative - value trade here .
That trade has a positive carry , and if the two countries even so much as converge , you end up making a nice profit .
Ireland has already shown that it ’s politically grown - up enough to be able to implement tough fiscal austerity .
I do n’t think anybody really believes that of Italy .
Correction to this article
SUMMER begins on May 7th , at least according to Hollywood 's calendar .
On that day “ Iron Man 2 ” is due to be released in American and Asian cinemas ( it appeared a week earlier in Europe , to take advantage of the May Day holiday ) .
Like many modern blockbusters , the film trades on nostalgia .
It is based on a comic - book series that began in the 1960s and even features a Russian baddie .
This is appropriate , given the state of the film business .
Technological progress and changes in tastes mean that Hollywood depends more and more on the old - fashioned practice of showing films in cinemas .
Film exhibition was until recently a humdrum business .
The formula for success was simple : sell lots of tickets at the same price , then funnel punters past salty popcorn and fizzy drinks .
Cinemas keep about half the price of a ticket and up to 90 % of the money spent at concession stands .
For film - makers , showing movies in cinemas was important not so much in its own right but as a means of drawing attention to a product , the most profitable incarnations of which would appear later .
The real money was in home entertainment , especially sales of DVDs .
But now the pendulum is swinging back towards the box office .
In 2009 global box - office revenues increased by 7.6 % , but total revenue for the biggest Hollywood studios fell by 4.3 % , “ due to the collapse of consumer spending on DVDs ” , according to Bernstein , a research firm .
Since 2005 North American box - office receipts have risen by 20 % ( see chart ) .
Ticket sales grew strongly during the recession , as people sought a cheapish night out , and have not slowed .
Box Office Mojo , which tracks films , estimates that box - office receipts this year are running at 6 % above last year 's level .
Elsewhere cinema is healthier still .
Ticket sales outside America and Canada have risen by 35 % since 2005 and are now worth about two - thirds of the global total .
A boom in multiplexes — that is , cinemas with at least eight screens — is unlocking latent demand .
In 2006 Russians made a total of 89.5 m visits to the cinema .
Last year they made 132.3 m .
This is especially surprising in a country where the number of young people is falling .
Meanwhile revenues from DVDs , Blu-ray discs and digital copies of films together have fallen by 8 % in America since 2005 , according to the Digital Entertainment Group .
That figure , which includes rentals and sales of such things as exercise videos , flatters Hollywood .
Stephen Prough of Salem Partners , an investment bank , says DVD sales of new films fell by 17 % between 2008 and 2009 alone .
The main culprit , he says , is the emergence of cheap , convenient rental services such as Netflix and Redbox .
Although the drop has been less steep elsewhere , people in other countries never bought many DVDs .
What is driving the cinema boom ?
The most obvious answer , for consumers , is the rise of three - dimensional films .
Audiences have flocked to films like “ Avatar ” , a vaguely ecological fantasy , and “ Alice in Wonderland ” .
In North America 3 - D films drove almost all the growth in box - office receipts last year .
Although the premium that cinemas charge for 3 - D films has risen steeply from as little as $ 1 per ticket to $ 3 or more , consumers have not balked .
“ We still do n't know how much they are willing to pay , ” says David Passman , chief executive of Carmike , a cinema chain .
More important , though less visible , is the digitisation of cinema .
The number of screens served by digital projectors worldwide rose from about 3,000 to 16,400 between 2006 and 2009 , according to Screen Digest , a research firm .
That primed the explosion in 3 - D films : it is hard , though not impossible , to project a 3 - D image using old - fashioned film .
Digitisation has made it easier for multiplex owners to shuffle films around screens to cope with surges in demand .
And satellite distribution is making it easier and cheaper for films to open simultaneously around the world .
Digitisation is a particular boon to IMAX , a Canadian firm that makes bigger , taller screens .
Once associated with films of fish in natural - history museums , IMAX now offers its products to multiplexes ( the first few rows of seats are sometimes removed to accommodate the bigger screens ) .
For the past 18 months it has been converting two to three screens a week .
This would have been almost impossible without digitisation .
Its larger film size means it costs about $ 25,000 to make a single print of an IMAX film .
The need to recoup such costs necessitated long film runs .
Now that IMAX films can be delivered digitally for a few hundred dollars , they can be programmed more like ordinary films .
Cinemas tend to charge 30 - 40 % above the ordinary ticket price .
Name your price
Cinema - owners have long suspected that , by charging the same amount to see a $ 2 m independent film and a $ 200 m blockbuster , they were leaving money on the table .
The response to 3 - D films and IMAX proves that they were .
Cinema is evolving from a commodity into a business that sells differentiated products at varied prices .
The example of India suggests that there is room for further differentiation .
Multiplexes are rising in many Indian cities : Mumbai alone has added more than 75 screens in the past five years , says Anil Arjun , chief executive of Reliance MediaWorks .
They appeal to , and are priced for , India 's aspirant middle class .
Fame , a cinema chain , charges an average of 141 rupees ( $ 3.15 ) per ticket , in a country where daily income per person is just 120 rupees .
Some cinemas have replaced rows of seats with widely spaced reclining chairs , with tray tables and waiter service .
This model appears to be spreading to the West .
Carmike has opened a cinema in Tennessee that serves alcohol and food , to great success .
The draw seems to be not just comfortable seats , but the absence of teenagers .
Film - makers are adapting to these changes .
India 's new cinemas have given rise to “ multiplex films ” , focused on the concerns of affluent youngsters and with somewhat less singing and dancing than in standard Bollywood fare .
Elsewhere the rise of 3 - D and the super - sizing of screens are leading studios to focus on visual spectaculars .
“ French table dramas do not look much better on IMAX , ” notes Julian Stanford , who manages that company 's business in Europe and Africa .
The growth of screens outside America also favours big action films : an explosion is an explosion , regardless of language .
The loser , as so often , is grown - up drama .
In the past two years the big studios have shut or run down “ specialty ” divisions like Focus Features and Miramax ( the latter may yet return , in a much depleted state , to Bob and Harvey Weinstein , who founded it ) .
Fans of such films are out of luck .
They should certainly steer clear of cinemas this summer .
Correction :
We wrote that big Hollywood studios had shut or run down " specialty " divisions such as Focus Features , part of Universal Studios .
This has happened to other specialty divisions , but not Focus .
Sorry .
The makers of the Oscar - winning movie Hurt Locker have joined a very lucrative ' pay up or else ' scheme that will target tens of thousands of U.S. BitTorrent users .
The massive lawsuit is expected to be filed in the coming days and if ISPs cooperate , suspected downloaders will receive a settlement letter in the weeks to come .
The Hurt Locker has been a great success on BitTorrent , before and after its Oscar triumph .
The film ’s screener leaked in February of last year , months before it premiered in movie theaters in the United States .
However , the demand on BitTorrent went up significantly after it was chosen as the Best Picture of 2009
The day after the award show ‘ the hurt locker ’ was the most typed in search phrase on BitTorrent , with ‘ hurt locker ’ ending up in ninth place .
This increased demand was also reflected in the download numbers which skyrocketed .
Since its win at the Oscars the film has been downloaded more than three million times , totaling well over 10 million downloads .
Despite the recognition from Academy members and the huge success among downloaders , the U.S box office revenue has been relatively low at $ 16.4 million .
In an attempt to increase the film ’s revenue its makers will threaten to sue thousands of BitTorrent users who have illegally downloaded ( and therefore uploaded / distributed ) a copy in recent months .
According to The Hollywood Reporter , the Hurt Locker team has signed up for the services of the U.S. Copyright Group , who will launch a mass lawsuit targeted at tens of thousands of Hurt Locker sharers .
The lawsuit is expected to be filed this week and will ask U.S. ISPs to reveal the account owners linked to the IP - addresses that shared the movie on BitTorrent .
The U.S. Copyright Group announced its mass litigation scheme in March , when it targeted thousands who allegedly infringed copyright on several indie film titles .
All infringers that have been identified were kindly asked to settle the dispute , or face further legal action .
It is expected , however , that the scope of this new round of letters will be much greater due to the high demand for the Hurt Locker on BitTorrent .
“ You can guess that relative to the films we ’ve pursued already , the order of magnitude is much higher with Hurt Locker , ” said Thomas Dunlap , a lawyer at the U.S. Copyright Group .
Dunlap also said that 75 percent of ISPs have cooperated thus far and that 40 % of the BitTorrent users that were targeted early this year have already settled .
Although U.S. Copyright Group say it is their intent to sue individuals who do not pay , in reality that eventuality is impossible to maintain on any scale .
Their aim will be to scare as many people as possible into paying , perhaps backed up with legal action against a tiny minority to prove a point .
As we reported earlier , the ‘ pay up or else ’ scheme is not only lucrative for the rights holders , who get only 30 percent of the settlement money .
The remaining 70 percent goes to the U.S Copyright Group and its anti-piracy partners .
In the UK these schemes have been highly criticized by the public , consumer organizations and politicians because of the intimidating tactics and lack of solid evidence .
In the UK House of Lords they have been labeled a scam , and the lawyers operating them accused of “ harassment , bullying and intrusion ” and “ legal blackmail . ”
We expect that the U.S. equivalent will also meet great opposition .
( CNN ) --
Tar balls found on a Florida Keys beach Monday , while not believed to be from a massive Gulf of Mexico spill , are nevertheless raising fears that oil will spread along the coastlines of Florida and beyond .
Researchers said it 's unlikely -- although not impossible -- that the oil could have spread from the spill , off the coast of Louisiana , to the Keys so quickly .
Additional tar balls were found on Keys beaches Tuesday , the Coast Guard said .
But they and federal officials seem to agree that a plume of oil is in the process of getting dragged into the Gulf of Mexico 's Loop Current .
The current flows through the Yucatan Channel between Cuba and Mexico , and then northward , where it loops southeast just south of the Florida Keys and travels to the west side of the western Bahamas , according to meteorologists .
A new tracking forecast prepared by four experts relying on five computer models shows that part of the oil may reach the Keys in five to six days and Miami five days after that , Sen. Bill Nelson , D - Florida , said in a statement Tuesday .
" While I always hope for the best , this is looking like really out - of - control bad , " Nelson said .
The forecast cited by Nelson assumes the Loop Current 's persistence and does not take into account dispersion and evaporation from the oil spill , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said .
It remains to be seen how much oil has entered the current .
In addition , he said , " the Loop Current is much warmer than surrounding water , which would cause oil to evaporate at a greater rate than it is evaporating near the source of the spill . "
More tar balls were found in the Florida Keys on Tuesday , on beaches in Big Pine Key and Loggerhead Key and on Smathers Beach in Key West , the Coast Guard said .
What 's going on at your beach ?
Send pictures or video
The Coast Guard said in a statement that it responded to the Florida Park Service report of 20 tar balls on the beach at Fort Zachary Taylor State Park on Key West about 5:15 p.m. Monday .
Samples of the tar balls were sent to a laboratory for analysis to determine their origin .
The Coast Guard and NOAA will conduct shoreline surveys of the area Tuesday , the statement said .
An aerial search of the area with a pollution investigator is also planned .
The Coast Guard did not speculate on the source of the tar balls .
An undersea oil well has been gushing an estimated 5,000 barrels of oil a day ( 210,000 gallons ) into the Gulf since late April , when the drill rig Deepwater Horizon blew up and sank about 40 miles off Louisiana .
Some estimates have put the amount of oil spewing from the well far higher .
Samples taken by scientists offshore have raised concerns that large plumes of oil are settling below the surface .
But federal officials said the results have not been fully analyzed .
Some of the oil has washed ashore on the Louisiana coast .
The Mississippi Emergency Management Agency said Tuesday that the slick was 50 miles off the Mississippi coast .
Meteorologist Jeff Masters said Tuesday that based on satellite imagery , " the oil is definitely in the Loop Current .
...
The only question is how much oil made it in . "
NOAA Administrator Jane Lubchenco said satellite imagery from Monday indicates that " the main bulk of the oil is dozens of miles away " from the Loop Current , but " a tendril of light oil has been transported down close to the Loop Current . "
The tendril 's location shows that oil will probably be pulled into the Loop Current , if it has not already , she said .
Once in the current , the oil could reach waters near Florida in about eight to 10 days , she said .
Masters said that because parts of the Loop Current travel at speeds up to 4 mph , the earliest the oil could be near Florida is about four days .
Once the oil is in the Florida Straits -- waters between Florida , Cuba and the Bahamas -- onshore winds would be required to push it onto shore , along with oil getting into an eddy on the edge of the current , Lubchenco said .
During the time the oil travels to the area , she said , it would undergo the natural process of evaporation and dispersion and would change into tar balls .
Of the tar balls seen on Gulf Coast beaches thus far , some have been identified as stemming from the Deepwater Horizon spill , but others have not , Lubchenco said .
" I think it is safe to say that the tar balls washing ashore in the Florida Keys are an example of what might happen should oil become entrained in the Loop Current , and that that is the scenario that we will be anticipating and preparing for and will be tracking very , very carefully in terms of where the oil is relative to the Loop Current , and mobilizing resources , " she said .
" The oil has been moved south by what we call a cyclonic eddy , an ocean eddy , " said Nan Walker , an associate professor in Louisiana State University 's Department of Oceanography and Coastal Sciences and director of its Earth Scan Laboratory .
" It 's as close as you can get without actually being in it . "
The oil may not actually enter the Loop Current , as its speeds will keep it on the outside , but the current " is going to pull it all the way to Florida , " Walker said .
However , the phenomenon does not explain the Key West tar balls , she said .
It 's possible that some oil previously moved eastward and became entrained in the Loop Current circulation .
" Some of the shelf water has moved eastward and southward , but we can't actually see the oil [ on images ] , " she said .
" You can just see the motion of water . "
Still , the timing " seems a little quick " for the oil to reach Florida , she said .
" It 's a surprise , " Chanmin Hu , associate professor of optical oceanography at the University of Miami , said of the tar balls .
Imagery currently shows the oil touching the current , he said , and it will be dragged in .
But " to me , there 's no way the oil can move this fast to reach the Florida Keys already . "
He noted that " the Gulf is full of oil , " with many wells , and " maybe there 's some deepwater currents that bring oil from somewhere else . "
Still , he agreed with Walker that the possibility the tar balls stemmed from the spill cannot be ruled out .
Masters also said he doubted that the Keys tar balls are from the oil spill .
" There 's oil all the time in the Gulf anyway , just from natural seeps , " he said .
The oil might not actually make it to Florida , depending on current patterns , he said .
" The currents right now in the Gulf of Mexico are changing rapidly , day by day .
It 's kind of an unstable situation . "
Hu said scientists " do not have a very reliable , sophisticated 3 - D model to capture what 's going on on the ocean bottom . "
Most efforts have been concentrated on the surface of the water , he said , and different depths have not been observed .
Hu said he and other researchers will travel on Wednesday for the spot where the oil meets the Loop Current and will collect samples and measure water properties .
However , he said , " the mystery of the Florida Keys tar balls will remain . "
According to the NOAA website , tar balls are actually remnants of oil spills .
When crude oil floats on the surface of the water , it changes and is torn by winds and waves into smaller patches covering a wider area .
The oil undergoes a process called " weathering . "
The lighter components of the oil evaporate , and heavier components are left behind .
Some crude oils mix with water to form " an emulsion that often looks like chocolate pudding " that is thicker and stickier than the initial oil , NOAA said .
" Winds and waves continue to stretch and tear the oil patches into smaller pieces , or tar balls . "
The tar balls can travel hundreds of miles , according to the website .
Adam Giambrone is quitting municipal politics and his executive assistant plans to run for his boss ’s Davenport seat .
The decision not to run for re-election ends the TTC chair ’s meteoric rise and crash through Toronto politics .
With a buzz in west - end Ward 18 about Kevin Beaulieu doing groundwork for a run , a Star reporter approached him in a City Hall office Monday afternoon and congratulated him on entering the race .
“ Thank you , I ’m not ready to confirm this at this point but obviously it ’s a logical sequence of events , ” Beaulieu said .
Late Monday night , Beaulieu confirmed his intentions .
“ Yes , I can confirm that I intend to run for the seat in Ward 18 , ” he said .
Beaulieu said he made the decision after talking to friends and supporters in recent weeks .
“ I ’m excited about the opportunity , a good opportunity to work with the community .
I ’m looking forward to bringing a fresh perspective to Ward 18 . ”
Earlier Monday , Giambrone was still being coy about his intentions , saying he had until Sept. 10 , the registration deadline , to decide whether to run again .
But , after learning the Star was making inquiries , of him and others , he gave an interview to another newspaper in which he said he plans to take a breather from public life , returning in two or three years to run federally or provincially .
Beaulieu , who managed Giambrone ’s election campaigns in 2003 and 2006 , is known around city hall as low - key , likeable , hard - working and intensely loyal to the more frenetic Giambrone .
To people outside Ward 18 , Beaulieu is best known as the man who was forced to step in front of a battery of cameras and reporters Feb. 10 to tell Torontonians that Giambrone ’s mayoral campaign “ ends today . ”
Giambrone ’s mayoral campaign imploded after he admitted to multiple affairs , to portraying his live - in girlfriend as political window dressing , and to lying to the Star ’s Linda Diebel about it .
He has since stared down repeated calls for his resignation as TTC chair , and further criticism about taxi expenses charged to the city .
He later repaid a fare on which the particulars matched the details of his first date with a girlfriend .
Giambrone , 33 , was considered a political wunderkind .
He ran for MP in Montreal while a 20 - year - old McGill University student , served as president of the federal NDP and took Davenport in 2003 on his second try , becoming a protégé of Mayor David Miller and a fervent champion of public transit .
Giambrone ’s exit could further hobble Miller ’s attempts to protect his legacy of public transit expansion , under threat by the plans of some mayoral candidates and the provincial government ’s decision to delay $ 4 billion in promised transit funding .
There have been rumours Giambrone would try to unseat Davenport Liberal MPP Tony Ruprecht in the October 2011 Ontario election .
His comments Monday suggest that wo n’t be the case .
Giambrone , an archeologist by trade , has told friends he plans to travel after October and speculated about possible work with the World Bank .
There were questions about whether Giambrone could win again in Davenport .
Before the scandal , some constituents picketed his campaign launch , accusing him of steamrolling ahead on large and small city renovations despite residents ’ protests .
Ana Bailão , one of five candidates currently registered in the ward , and who trailed Giambrone by 1,260 votes in the 2003 election , said Monday that Beaulieu as councillor would be “ more of the same . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ What the community is looking for is a councillor committed to community participation and consultation , ” she said .
“ It will be a good fight . ”
Related :
The Goods : Giambrone 's email message
Solutions for Growing Churches
If your church is consideing an expansion project , the PCC Strategic Assesment is the perfect place to start .
This process was developed by a team of builders , architects , and pastors to assist churches in deciding what their real needs are and to effectively predict cost , timelines , and effectiveness .
It is a tool that will save your church not only thousands of dollars , but it will also will protect your leadership 's trust and credibility .
You ' noticed ' you had an orgasm ?
HAHAHAHAHOHOHOHOHOH
Wow , I was riding my man one afternoon and ' noticed I had an orgasm !
Wow , it just NOTICED it .... where did that orgasm come from ?
I never NOTICED having an orgasm before .
You children can really come up with some cow plop !
Grow up !
by Carla Schroder
Managing Editor
Funniest
" Who gave you permission to invade my website and block me and anyone else from accessing it ???
Please remove your software immediately before I report it to government officials !!
I am the City Manager of Tuttle , Oklahoma . "
In a followup news story in the Tuttle Times , it is obvious that Mr. Taylor , who claims 22 years of computer experience , did n't learn much : City manager misunderstanding prompts international response
" This is just a bunch of freaks out there that do n't have anything better to do , " he said .
" When I came in to work Monday morning , I had about 500 e-mails , plus anonymous phone calls from all the geeks out there .
[ CentOS is ] a free operating system that this guy gives away , which tells you how much time he 's got on his hands . "
Most Expensive
" This was the one we worked hardest to get .
Knowing the importance of his letter , I assigned this story to Dee - Ann , who skillfully tracked down Congressman Villanueva and set up an international translated interview .
( This story , by the way , holds the current all - time record for most expensive , once all the fees for the phone calls and translators came in . )
" This interview offered us all a first glimpse at the man who wrote the now - famous letter to Microsoft Peru , and let us see that he was the genuine article . "
Best April Fool : Linus Resigns
" Fellow hackers , " For some time I have felt unappreciated by some members of the Linux community .
Far too many of you like to whine and cry , saying " My patches are n't being accepted by Linus , but they are by Alan or Michael ! "
It seems that some of you are too stupid to follow the simple instructions that I have made clear on more than one occasion .
This , combined with the fact that today is my last day at Transmeta , has prompted me to consider rediscovering that balance I had in my life before you all took my hobby and made it into a mass movement .
I have not decided who should take over maintenance of the kernel myself ... "
All - Time Number One
" But what really made things bad was when Apple decided to keep some future - release features secret .
Braun writes : " " As time went on , and Mac OS X got closer to release , Apple decided they wanted to keep some things secret .
Some new features needed to be worked on , but could n't be in the live cvs repository , or it would n't be a secret anymore .
Some things leaked out , which caused no end of fuss , and gradually projects were removed from the live cvs repository .
Eventually , so little was left in the live cvs repository and processes already needed to be in place to do periodic source drops , the live cvs repository was abandoned . " "
Excellent " Wonderful World of Linux " Series
First - ever Linux Today Story
We hardworking LT staff get a nice Memorial Day holiday break .
The weekend queue will have fresh stories and Talkbacks as usual , so please enjoy and we 'll see you next Tuesday !
Think of how stupid the average person is .
And how half of them are stupider than that .
- Carlin
But who reads this tiny ad ?
BWB second printing , pre-order dealio ( poor man 's poll ) https://permies.com/t/147624/BWB-printing-pre-order-dealio
This story originally ran on April 1 , 2011 .
Who needs yet another predictably lame fake news story to brighten up their April 1st ?
Not Cthulhu , creature of primeval nightmare , who dropped by our offices in Chicago a few weeks back with a proposal we could n't refuse .
" FAKE NEWS IS SO 2007 , " said his voice as it echoed around inside my brain pan .
Cthulhu was lounging in a spare armchair that no one has since had the courage to sit in , a lit cigar brandished in one tentacle as he talked .
" I'M THINKING : SOMETHING AWESOME , STARRING ME .
WITH CHOICES .
AND MULTIPLE ENDINGS . "
" Like the sort of interactive text adventure we all read as kids ? " I asked .
" YES , BUT ONE FOR GROWN - UP GEEKS THAT TAKES PLACE IN VEGAS AND FEATURES BOOTH BABES , MADNESS , AND THE PROSPECT OF CLEANING OUT MY TENTACLE JAM FOR ALL ETERNITY .
ALSO , A SINGING DAVID POGUE .
AND SERGEY BRIN WEARING A JETPACK . "
" It , err , sounds like you have this all planned out . "
Cthulhu plucked a manila folder from somewhere within the non-Euclidean geometry of his manbag and dropped it on my desk with a thud .
" 20,000 WORDS OF AWESOME .
YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE TO PAY ME .
I JUST WANT THE EXPOSURE SO I CAN MEET CHICKS .
HAVE YOU EVER BEEN TO R'YLEH ?
ONE WORD : BORING . "
I flipped through the script — not half bad for something penned by a creature who spent , by all reliable accounts , most of its time dead but dreaming .
" Look , I can't make any promises .
We were thinking about running Ben 's epic faux review of Duke Nukem Forever again ... "
" LAME . "
Cthulhu shifted in his armchair , leaving traces of slime on the seat .
" THIS IS BETTER .
ALSO , I WON'T FEAST ON YOUR BRAINS IF YOU RUN MINE INSTEAD . "
And really — who could argue with that logic ?
Tentacular , tentacular !
" What is it with geeks and bacon ? " you ask yourself as you stand just outside the main exhibition hall of the Opulentium Royale , Vegas ' newest monument to excess .
Built in the shape of a massive 1950's UFO , the hotel squats on its patch of desert like an otherworldly metal pimple , its revolving dome housing a surprisingly good steakhouse .
The Opulentium has everything a discriminating alien abductee could want , except the anal probings — though you spent the predawn hours learning that a session at the baccarat tables could produce a similar feeling of total violation .
But duty calls , and when the hotel 's exhibition hall opens at noon for the third and final day of the Colossal Computer Confab , you tighten your soup - stained tie and slouch off to the 13th floor of the spacecraft to do some detective work .
When the Confab organizers called you yesterday and agreed to pay for your first - class plane ticket and a " Close Encounters " suite , their sense of desperation was palpable over the phone .
Desperation , in your lengthy private eye experience , is a good indicator that no one 's going to be raising awkward questions about those minibar purchases when they show up on the expense account .
And who would n't be desperate in the same situation ?
Putting on the world 's largest computer show , only to have attendees start going mad at an alarming rate — it 's enough to give any trade show organizer the jitters .
Conferences do n't last long once they acquire a reputation for creeping insanity .
Outside the exhibition hall , a vendor behind a silver cart fries up mounds of bacon to fill his curious food concoctions : the " Dead but Dreaming Burger ( with Bacon ) , " something called " R'lyeh Ratatouille ( with Bacon ) , " and a " Non-Euclidean Taco ( with Bacon ) . "
A plushie Cthulhu , beaming like a beneficent uncle , is taped to the front of the silver cart by one of his tentacles .
Your rumbling stomach poses a dilemma : all those hours of losing money in the casino have made you hungry enough to eat a plate of tacos , Euclidean or otherwise .
On the other hand , through the doors ahead , geeks are going mad .
It 's only a matter of time before the rest of the crowd hears the rumors of insanity and panics like a UFO watcher alone on a rural road .
If that happens , you can kiss your retainer goodbye — and can give up on that plan to drink the minibar dry .
Once a week , Daily Intel looks behind doors left slightly ajar .
This week , That Drunk Female Lawyer : 32 , female , Manhattan , bisexual , in a relationship .
Day One
7:30 a.m. : Awoken by cousin ’s screaming baby in the other room .
Say silent thank - you to inventor of birth control .
Hoping he shuts up so I can concentrate on masturbating .
Too lazy to get up for vibrator so I masturbate au natural .
Have two orgasms .
12:30 p.m. : Ca n’t stop staring at the girl in front of me in yoga class with a perfect ass .
I get hornier with every downward dog .
I hate trying to pick up women .
Chicken out , but make awkward attempt at conversation about her yoga pants .
1:30 p.m. : Send dirty text message to J , a much older man I ’ve been seeing .
His response is boring , yet again , and I vow to stop seeing him .
1:31 p.m. : Recall amazing oral sex from a couple weeks ago and immediately take back vow .
5:30 p.m. : Watch porn on my iPhone while waiting on line at supermarket .
Technology rocks .
Older woman behind me watches me suspiciously .
10:30 p.m. : Dirty e-mail exchange with Matt , a man I met through work and see when he ’s in town .
Exchange fantasies and sense some one - upmanship on his part .
Clearly he does n’t know what he ’s dealing with .
Discuss meeting at a sex club .
It ’s a total fantasy of mine , and I ’ve never been able to get anyone else I dated to agree to go with me .
Midnight : Boyfriend in a dead sleep .
Masturbate quietly next to him , thinking about Matt .
Matt ’s a freak , and everything about him turns me on .
12:10 a.m. : Look at boyfriend , and wonder why I always end up in relationships with people that are conservative in bed , and then ca n’t be faithful .
Day Two
9:30 a.m. : Wake up and try to get boyfriend to have sex .
He goes down on me , and I come quickly .
I tell him to do doggie style ; tells me he ’s too tired for sex .
He just woke up !
Sigh .
2:45 p.m. : Get massage .
Hot masseur .
Leave massage horny .
4 p.m. : RedTube .
Pull up “ anal ” category ( my favorite ) and try new dildo .
Vaguely confusing what goes where at first , but good results after some trial and error .
Orgasm , fall asleep on the couch .
11 p.m. : Engage in flirtatious IM exchange with an ex .
We start reminiscing .
Consider masturbating , but my forearm still hurts from the afternoon .
Day Three
8:30 a.m. : Staring at hot girl on subway platform next to me .
She has a Chanel bag , and looks majorly uptight .
I want to do very dirty things to her .
Wonder whether she is shaved or not .
Then I wonder if I ’m the only one that has these thoughts constantly .
10:30 a.m. : Bored on a conference call so I take a picture of the garter and thigh - highs I ’m wearing and send to J. Dirty e-mail exchange ensues .
He tells me to send a picture of my pussy .
I decline , and realize I hate him a little bit .
9:30 p.m. : Dinner with a female friend I occasionally hook up with .
Hoping to get some action , but she is whiny over some asshole she ca n’t get over .
Realize it ’s not happening and start drinking heavily .
2 a.m. : Stumble home drunk and wake up my boyfriend , demanding sex .
He has a 7:30 a.m. meeting the next morning and is not amused .
I loudly masturbate next to him while he tries to fall back asleep .
Day Four
9:15 a.m. : Massive hangover .
Try to masturbate in the shower and nearly fall over .
11:30 a.m. : J calls me at work and tries to initiate phone sex .
I can hardly see straight .
I lie and tell him I ’ve got a conference call to get on .
4:30 p.m. : Feeling better so I head to the gym .
I could hang out in the women ’s locker room all day .
8 p.m. : I get an e-mail from Matt .
He ’s staying at a hotel downtown .
Asks if I can come over .
10 p.m. : In Matt ’s hotel room , drinking .
10:30 p.m. : Matt asks me to take my clothes off and masturbate for him .
I comply and then give him head .
As I am about to leave , he gets hard again .
We have anal sex , and I go home .
Day Five
8 a.m. : Quick and efficient morning sex with boyfriend .
Noon : Dirty IM exchanges with Matt and J while managing a conference call .
Confusing .
9:30 p.m. : Meet co-workers for one drink at Hooters .
Man , Hooters waitresses in Manhattan are low - rent .
Midnight : Suggest club I frequent .
1 a.m. : End up making out with two club dancers in front of co-workers .
Never , ever living this one down .
2 a.m. : Eight drinks later , I DrunkBerry a work guy I ’ve been wanting to hook up with for a while .
I ’m shitfaced and aware my e-mails make no sense and are replete with typos .
Will definitely regret this entire evening tomorrow .
His response to my e-mails : ????
Need to install a breathalyzer on that thing .
Day Six
9:30 a.m. : Hide in my office to avoid seeing co-workers .
Nurse hangover .
Consider inpatient sex-addiction program .
Or AA .
Or both .
11 a.m. :
Get e-mail from co-worker thanking me for the previous evening ’s performance .
Oy .
12:30 p.m. : Tech guy at work stops by .
He knows all my secrets , and about my porn - at - work habit , which crashed a previous hard drive .
He stops by and yells at me about my latest tech problem , which is undoubtedly related .
Then he winks and tells me to be good .
God , I love being a chick sometimes .
If I had a penis , I would have been fired from this job years ago .
8:30 p.m. : Grab drinks with a couple friends .
Swear to myself I wo n’t have more than two drinks .
Explain that I want to dump my boyfriend and date a girl , but do n’t know how .
They suggest Craigslist .
1:15 a.m. : Drunk , home watching porn .
Gay porn is randomly doing it for me today .
I find I need increasingly hard - core stuff to get off .
Kind of makes me nervous .
Rub out a quick one , and pass out .
Day Seven
9 a.m. : In court .
So tired .
Need to cut down on the midweek drinking really soon .
12:30 p.m. :
In a rare display of planning , boyfriend calls me and tells me we are on for dinner tonight at my favorite sushi place .
I consider saying no , but feel guilty .
2:30 p.m. : J calls me and tells me he ’s in town for the weekend .
Asks me if I want to meet him where he ’s staying .
I give him a vague answer , and tell him I ’ll call him later .
I have no intention of calling him later .
8:30 p.m. : Dinner with boyfriend .
Starts out well , but then we end up in a fight over something silly , which leads to me complaining about our sex life .
Same argument we have constantly .
I ’m annoyed , but also , inexplicably , horny .
Knowing he wo n’t put out , I text my female friend that I hook up with sometimes .
12:30 a.m. :
In the back of my local bar , trying to get D to put out .
Wishing she would date me , but knowing deep down it would be an unmitigated disaster .
I ’d undoubtedly fuck up the friendship in the process .
Consider going back to her place , but do n’t .
2 a.m. : Home .
Crawl into bed with boyfriend and try to masturbate quietly thinking about a threesome with him and my friend , a scenario he ’s previously rejected .
Use my Über - favorite vibrator and get off twice .
First was good ; second was mind - blowing .
I cry out and accidentally wake up boyfriend .
Thank goodness he ’s used to this .
TOTALS : Five consecutive nights of drinking , six acts of masturbation ; two acts of oral sex ; two acts of intercourse ; one makeout with dancers in front of co-workers .
Incarcerated America Human Rights Watch Backgrounder
April 2003 Download as 192K PDF
According to the latest statistics from the U.S. Department of Justice , more than two million men and women are now behind bars in the United States .
1
The country that holds itself out as the " land of freedom " incarcerates a higher percentage of its people than any other country .
The human costs  wasted lives , wrecked families , troubled children  are incalculable , as are the adverse social , economic and political consequences of weakened communities , diminished opportunities for economic mobility , and extensive disenfranchisement .
Contrary to popular perception , violent crime is not responsible for the quadrupling of the incarcerated population in the United States since 1980 .
In fact , violent crime rates have been relatively constant or declining over the past two decades .
The exploding prison population has been propelled by public policy changes that have increased the use of prison sentences as well as the length of time served , e.g. through mandatory minimum sentencing , " three strikes " laws , and reductions in the availability of parole or early release .
Although these policies were championed as protecting the public from serious and violent offenders , they have instead yielded high rates of confinement of nonviolent offenders .
Nearly three quarters of new admissions to state prison were convicted of nonviolent crimes .
2
Only 49 percent of sentenced state inmates are held for violent offenses .
3
Perhaps the single greatest force behind the growth of the prison population has been the national " war on drugs . "
The number of incarcerated drug offenders has increased twelvefold since 1980 .
In 2000 , 22 percent of those in federal and state prisons were convicted on drug charges .
4
Even more troubling than the absolute number of persons in jail or prison is the extent to which those men and women are African - American .
Although blacks account for only 12 percent of the U.S. population , 44 percent of all prisoners in the United States are black ( Figure 1 ) .
Census data for 2000 , which included a count of the number and race of all individuals incarcerated in the United States , reveals the dramatic racial disproportion of the incarcerated population in each state : the proportion of blacks in prison populations exceeds the proportion among state residents in every single state .
In twenty states , the percent of blacks incarcerated is at least five times greater than their share of resident population ( Figure 2 ) .
1 Department of Justice , Bureau of Justice Statistics , " Prison and Jail Inmates at Midyear 2002 , " April 6 , 2003 , available at : http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs /abstract/pjim02.htm .
2 See Human Rights Watch , " Punishment and Prejudice , " at http://www.hrw.org/reports/2000/usa/
3 Department of Justice , Bureau of Justice Statistics , " Prisoners in 2001 , " July 2002 , p. 12 , available at http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/ bjs/abstract/p01.htm.
4 Ibid .
Figure 1
Race , Population , and Incarceration U.S. Population by Race
Source : U.S. Census , 2000 .
White and Black excludes Hispanics .
State and Federal Inmates by Race
Source : Percentages calculated from data in Table 13 , Department of Justice , Bureau of Justice Statistics , " Prison and Jail Inmates at Midyear 2002 , " April 6 , 2003 .
White and Black excludes Hispanics .
Figure 2
Ratio of Percent of Blacks Among Resident Population to Blacks Among Incarcerated Population Black Percentage
Ratio of State Residents Black Percentage
of Incarcerated Population Ratio Alabama 26 % 61.9 % 2.4 Alaska 3.5 % 10.6 % 3.0 Arizona 3.1 % 13.3 % 4.3 Arkansas 15.7 % 44.4 % 2.8 California 6.7 % 28.7 % 4.3 Colorado 3.8 % 22.1 % 5.7 Connecticut 9.1 % 46.1 % 5.1 Delaware 19.2 % 63.1 % 3.3 District of Columbia 60.0 % 92.8 % 1.5 Florida 14.6 % 48.1 % 3.3 Georgia 28.7 % 61.7 % 2.2 Hawaii 1.8 % 3.9 % 2.2 Idaho 0.4 % 1.7 % 3.9 Illinois 15.1 % 62.9 % 4.2 Indiana 8.4 % 37.8 % 4.5 Iowa 2.1 % 19.7 % 9.3 Kansas 5.7 % 34.0 % 5.9 Kentucky 7.3 % 35.3 % 2.2 Louisiana 32.5 % 72.1 % 2.2 Maine 0.5 % 4.1 % 7.7 Maryland 27.9 % 72.3 % 2.6 Massachusetts 5.4 % 26.3 % 4.9 Michigan 14.2 % 48.9 % 3.4 Minnesota 3.5 % 28.5 % 8.2 Mississippi 36.3 % 70.5 % 1.9 Missouri 11.2 % 41.2 % 3.7 Black Percentage
Ratio of State Residents Black Percentage
of Incarcerated Population Ratio Montana 0.3 % 2.0 % 6.6 Nebraska 4.0 % 25.5 % 6.4 Nevada 6.8 % 27.3 % 4.0 New Hampshire 0.7 % 6.5 % 8.9 New Jersey 13.6 % 59.7 % 4.4 New Mexico 1.9 % 10.0 % 5.3 New York 15.9 % 54.3 % 3.4 North Carolina 21.6 % 61.1 % 2.8 North Dakota 0.6 % 3.3 % 5.4 Ohio 11.5 % 50.2 % 4.4 Oklahoma 7.6 % 31.3 % 4.1 Oregon 1.6 % 11.1 % 6.8 Pennsylvania 10.0 % 49.7 % 5.0 Rhode Island 4.5 % 35.9 % 8.0 South Carolina 29.5 % 67.2 % 2.3 South Dakota 0.6 % 6.9 % 11.1 Tennessee 16.4 % 49.0 % 3.0 Texas 11.5 % 36.8 % 3.2 Utah 0.8 % 5.9 % 7.4 Vermont 0.5 % 5.2 % 10.3 Virginia 19.6 % 61.7 % 3.1 Washington 3.2 % 18.1 % 5.6 West Virginia 3.2 % 34.9 % 11.0 Wisconsin 5.7 % 38.8 % 6.8 Wyoming 0.8 % 5.9 % 7.8 National 12.3 % 43.7 % 3.5 Figures calculated on basis of U.S. Census Bureau data from Census 2000 on state residents and incarcerated population .
The official figures confirm what those who live in African - American communities know full well  too many blacks are behind bars , particularly black men .
Indeed , nearly five percent of all black men , compared to 0.6 percent of white men , are incarcerated .
5
In many states the rate is far worse .
According to Human Rights
Watch 's calculations based on the 2000 U.S. Census , in twelve states more than ten percent of black men ages 18 to 64 are incarcerated .
6
The Justice Department reports that nationwide , a similar percentage of black men in the ages 20 - 29 are behind bars .
The absolute level of black incarceration should be cause for national concern .
But so should the striking disparity with white incarceration .
Nationwide , black men of all ages are incarcerated at more than seven times the rate of white men , according to the Justice Department .
7
Again , shocking as such a national average is , it masks even worse racial disparities in individual states .
In thirteen states , black men are incarcerated at more than ten times the rate of white men .
8
No state is free of significant disparities .
The national war on drugs has perhaps been the primary factor behind the extraordinary rates at which blacks are incarcerated .
Drug offenses account for nearly two out of five of the blacks sent to state prison .
More blacks are sent to state prison for drug offenses ( 38 percent ) than for crimes of violence ( 27 percent ) .
In contrast , drug offenders constitute 24 percent of whites admitted to prison and violent offenders constitute 27 percent ( Figure 3 ) .
African - Americans are arrested , prosecuted , and imprisoned for drug offenses at far higher rates than whites .
This racial disparity bears little relationship to racial differences in drug offending .
For example , although the proportion of all drug users who are black is generally in the range of 13 to 15 percent , blacks constitute 36 percent of arrests for drug possession .
Blacks constitute 63 percent of all drug offenders admitted to state prisons .
In at least fifteen states , black men were sent to prison on drug charges at rates ranging from twenty to fifty - seven times those of white men .
( Figure 4 and Figure 5 ) .
5 Department of Justice , " Midyear 2002 , " p. 11 , Table 14 .
6 Human Rights Watch , " Race and Incarceration " at : http://www.hrw.org/backgrounder/ usa/race/pdf/table3.pdf
7 Data calculated from Department of Justice , " Midyear 2002 , " p. 11 , Table 14 .
8 Human Rights Watch , " Race and Incarceration " at : http://www.hrw.org/backgrounder/ usa/race/pdf/table2a.pdf
Figure 3
Drug Offenders as a Percent of State Admissions by Race Source : Calculated from National Corrections Reporting Program , 1996 data .
Figure 4
Prison Admissions for Male Drug Offenders by Race
Source : Calculated from National Corrections Reporting Program , 1996 , and Bureau of Census , 2000 data .
Figure 5
Male Drug Offender Admissions by Race : Ratio of Black and White Rates Rates calculated per 100,000 residents
Source : Calculated from National Corrections Reporting Program , 1996 , and Bureau of Census , 2000 data .
The high and disproportionate rate of minority incarceration , particularly in the context of the war on drugs , is a grave challenge to the country .
It exposes and deepens the racial fault lines that weaken the country ; contradicts principles of justice and equal protection of the laws ; and undermines faith among all races in the fairness and efficacy of the criminal justice system .
States have choices in the means by which to promote community well - being , protect public safety and curb the drug trade .
Over the last two decades , the choice was imprisonment .
Prison is , of course , a legitimate criminal sanction , but it should be used as a last resort  i.e. used only for serious crimes -- and the length of the sentence should be commensurate with the conduct and culpability of the offender .
Unfortunately , too many states have opted instead for sentencing policies that mandate long sentences even for nonviolent , low - level drug offenders .
The budgetary demands of swollen prison populations at a time of fiscal crisis are currently forcing states to reconsider their sentencing policies .
We believe they should examine the cost - effectiveness , fairness , and wisdom of adopting shorter sentences , eliminating mandatory minimums and increasing the use of alternatives to incarceration .
Although financial pressures now compel the reassessment of sentencing policies , public officials should take the opportunity to consider the damage caused by unnecessary and excessive incarceration , and the consequences of dramatic racial disparities among those who are placed behind bars .
Extensive statistical data on prison and jail populations can be found at the Department of Justice , Bureau of Justice Statistics Web site : http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/
Related Human Rights Watch Reports : Race and Incarceration in the United States , February 2002 , http://www.hrw.org/backgrounder/usa/race/
Punishment and Prejudice : Racial Disparities in the War on Drugs , May 2000 , http://www.hrw.org/reports/2000/usa/
Collateral Casualties : Children of Incarcerated Drug Offenders in New York , June 2002 , http://www.hrw.org/reports/2002/usany/
Cruel and Usual : Disproportionate Sentences for New York Drug Offenders , March 1997 , http://www.hrw.org/reports/1997/usny/
Losing the Vote : The Impact of Felony Disenfranchisement Laws in the United States , October 1998 , http://www.hrw.org/reports98/vote/
- video encodings still in process -
- video encodings still in process -
- video encodings still in process -
More footage of the incident earlyer this week .
This is longer footage than the earlyer one posted , Also in the 2nd video , you can see a swedish guy that says " show some respect " to a muslim women after she screams " show respect you fucking pig " , she replies with " you should shut up " , ( same women that fanaticly screams " allah akbar " in the first long clip . ) then the muslim crowd chases him away .
Also you can hear the enraged muslims threaten other swedish people who tryes to tell them to calm down .
UPDATE : The Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 free weekend has been extended to run until 10:00 am PT , Monday April 12 .
Available immediately , gamers around the world can play Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 multiplayer free of charge during a special Free Weekend promotion on Steam .
Install the game now and enjoy free multiplayer play until Monday 10:00 am PT .
The messages are all over the supermarket aisles :
“ Made with whole grain goodness , ” screams a bag of Tostitos tortilla chips .
“ With whole grain guaranteed , ” says a box of Chocolate Cheerios .
“ One serving of whole grain , ” declares a package of frosted strawberry Pop - Tarts .
Whole grains have been the darlings of the food industry ever since the government ’s 2005 food pyramid recommended we eat more of them — at least 3 ounces per day .
These days , you ’ll find them in a wide array of products , some expected , some not : breakfast cereals , crackers , frozen dinners and snack chips .
Odwalla has a new smoothie drink that contains a full serving of whole grains .
The source : whole - grain brown rice .
But — let ’s get real .
Just because toaster pastries , say , have whole grains does n’t automatically make them a nourishing choice .
One whole - grain chocolate fudge Pop - Tarts pastry has 190 calories per serving , 2 grams of saturated fat and 14 grams of sugar .
“ Adding whole grains to Pop - Tarts is not going to take the sugar out , ” says Bonnie Jortberg , a senior instructor in the department of family medicine at the University of Colorado School of Medicine in Denver .
“ Even if Pop - Tarts contain whole grains , I would put them on a list of foods to eat less often … the actual real nutrient value is pretty low . ”
And the Wholly Grains smoothie from Odwalla has 54 grams of sugar in a 16 - ounce bottle , almost 13 teaspoons of sugar .
“ Buyer beware , ” Jortberg says .
“ Not everything is as advertised . ”
Here ’s a primer .
A whole grain contains all the parts of a seed — including the starchy endosperm , which has few nutrients ; the bran , or outer layer of the kernel , which is the main source of fiber , and the germ , where most of the nutrients are found , including B vitamins and iron .
Types of whole grains include whole - wheat berries , bulgur , brown rice , whole cornmeal , popcorn , whole oats and millet .
Refined flours , in contrast , remove the bran and the germ , leaving just the endosperm , though enriched refined flour is fortified with missing nutrients : thiamine , riboflavin , folic acid , niacin and iron .
Whole grains are good ( although not the only ) sources of B vitamins ( which include riboflavin , folate and niacin ) , vitamin E , iron , selenium and magnesium .
One cup of whole - wheat flour has 26 % of the recommended daily value of iron , 36 % of thiamine , 38 % of niacin , 20 % of vitamin B6 , 13 % of folate and 121 % of selenium .
Putting more whole grains in food usually translates into more fiber , but not always .
If a product has just a bit of whole grains , chances are the fiber content will be low .
For example , a serving ( 55 pieces ) of cheddar Goldfish crackers made with whole grain has only 2 grams of dietary fiber .
The trend toward adding more whole grains to food has been growing steadily since the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Department of Health and Human Services revised the dietary guidelines in 2005 , recommending that at least half of all grains eaten be whole grains and that 3 or more ounces of whole grains be consumed per day .
As a 1 - ounce equivalent of whole grains has about 16 grams of whole grains , the recommendation is to eat 48 grams of whole grains a day .
Those guidelines were based on information in large studies published in peer - reviewed journals such as the New England Journal of Medicine , Obesity and the Archives of Internal Medicine that were assessed by the dietary guidelines committee , says Robert Post , deputy director of the Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion , a USDA agency .
“ The [ committee ] found that consuming at least 3 ounces of whole grains reduced the risk of diabetes [ and ] coronary heart disease , and also helped with weight maintenance , ” Post says .
Post added that whole grains “ will be as important or even more important than before ” in the guidelines being released later this year and that there may be more emphasis placed on whole grains as a good source of dietary fiber .
The studies continue :
One published online May 10 in the journal Circulation found that women with diabetes who ate more whole grains and bran lived longer and had less risk of dying of cardiovascular disease than those who ate lesser amounts .
Not known for missing a marketing opportunity , many companies have jumped on the whole grains bandwagon — adding new products featuring whole grains or reformulating old ones to include them .
This may be good news for consumers who want more healthful choices , but some people are undoubtedly confused about what and how much to eat .
Are whole - grain Pop - Tarts as good as a bowl of unadulterated steel - cut oats ?
( OK , you can go to the back of the class if you do n’t know the answer to that one . )
And how does one calculate 48 grams , anyway ?
“ I do n’t think people understand it hardly at all , ” says registered dietitian Jo Ann Carson , a professor of clinical nutrition at the University of Texas Southwestern ’s Center for Human Nutrition in Dallas .
“ I think if you surveyed 20 registered dietitians , half would n’t be able to tell you either . ”
The Whole Grains Council , a trade organization formed in 2002 to promote whole grains , devised the Whole Grain Stamp , a postage - stamp - sized symbol on food packages that lets consumers know how many grams of whole grain are in a serving of the product .
The minimum amount a product can contain to earn a stamp is 8 grams , or a half serving of whole grains .
Carson advises people to keep things simple and follow a very general approach toward eating whole grains , the way she does :
Choose good - quality whole - grain sources ( ones low in sugar , sodium and saturated and trans fats ) , but put away the pocket calculators .
“ I ’m not concerned about adding up grams of whole grains , ” she says .
“ In a day , if I have five to six servings of grains , half should be coming from whole grain — the oatmeal I ate was a whole grain , but the white pasta was n’t . ”
To get more pointers , read our related story .
jeannine.stein@latimes.com
Originally Posted by mkaresh Originally Posted by
Nissan has only recently introduced its first DI engines , and Honda has yet to do so , IIRC .
Hyundai just introduced its first DI engine .
Toyota does n't make much use of DI yet , either .
So the Asians are actually trailing on the DI front .
Ford only has DI in the EcoBoost V6 so far , right ?
The Germans only offer it in a few engines .
So I must agree that GM leads in DI .
Now if only , as others suggest , they 'd offer better engines in the Equinox and SRX .
This is not the first time that Cardinal Ortega has spoken out on events
The head of the Catholic Church in Cuba says it is in one of its worst crises in recent times and people are openly criticising the socialist system .
Cardinal Jaime Ortega told a local Catholic newsletter that there was a national consensus that the government make the necessary changes " quickly " .
He also urged the Communist authorities to free all political prisoners .
Cuba is suffering its worst economic hardship since the slump that followed the collapse of the Soviet Union .
The global economic crisis , the continued US trade embargo , and recent hurricanes have all had an impact on the state - run economy .
' Stalinist - style bureaucracy '
The BBC's Michael Voss in Havana says this is not the first time that Cardinal Ortega has spoken out on current events in Cuba , but his interview with Palabra Nueva ( New Word ) was more outspoken than most .
The 73 - year - old prelate said that people were openly talking about the deficiencies in Cuba 's socialist system , calling it a Stalinist - style bureaucracy producing apathetic workers and low productivity .
The cardinal criticised the intimidation and arrest of dissidents and protesters " Our country is in a very difficult situation , " he warned .
" Certainly the most difficult we have lived in this 21st Century . "
President Raul Castro has put through some small - scale economic reforms , but warned that further changes will take time , our correspondent says .
Cardinal Ortega said that people differed over how to solve Cuba 's woes , but that everyone agreed that " the necessary changes are made quickly " .
" I think this feeling has become a form of national consensus , and its delay is producing impatience and unease among the people . "
He also referred to the recent death of a dissident hunger - striker in jail and the growing harassment of the " Ladies in White " - the wives and mothers of political prisoners - actions he called " distressing " .
He also criticised US President Barack Obama for failing to restart a genuine dialogue with Cuba , and following his predecessors ' policy of demanding reforms as a prerequisite to end the trade embargo .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Okay , well not everyone .
Actually , just three people in recent memory are leaving Facebook behind :
Matt Cutts , Google 's search spam guy , has quit , according to Bloomberg BusinessWeek reporter Doug MacMillan .
Peter Rojas , cofounder of Gdgt and Engadget , deactivated his account yesterday . " 3 . I 'm trendy . "
Reasons why : 1 . Tired of not having real control over what I 'm sharing .
2 . I prefer Twitter ( and gdgt ) for conversations .
Paul Kedrosky , finance dude with great hair , also , finance dude with great hair , also deactivated his account yesterday .
"
For those asking : Deactivated Fbook because a ) I rarely use it , and b ) reading ever - changing privacy rules up there with reading IRS regs . "
See ...
It 's officially a trend !
Of course , Facebook 's other 400 million users are staying put .
And you probably will too .
Why ?
Click here for 10 reasons you 'll never quit Facebook →
People who take aspirin regularly for a year or more may be at an increased risk of developing Crohn 's disease , according to a new study by the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) .
Led by Dr Andrew Hart of UEA 's School of Medicine , the research was presented for the first time at the Digestive Disease Week conference in New Orleans .
Crohn 's disease is a serious condition affecting 60,000 people in the UK and 500,000 people in the US .
It is characterized by inflammation and swelling of any part of the digestive system .
This can lead to debilitating symptoms and requires patients to take life - long medication .
Some patients need surgery and some sufferers have an increased risk of bowel cancer .
Though there are likely to be many causes of the disease , previous work on tissue samples has shown that aspirin can have a harmful effect on the bowel .
To investigate this potential link further , the UEA team followed 200,000 volunteers aged 30 - 74 in the UK , Sweden , Denmark , Germany and Italy .
The volunteers had been recruited for the EPIC study ( European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition ) between 1993 and 1997 .
The volunteers were all initially well , but by 2004 a small number had developed Crohn 's disease .
When looking for differences in aspirin use between those who did and did not develop the disease , the researchers discovered that those taking aspirin regularly for a year or more were around five times more likely to develop Crohn 's disease .
The study also showed that aspirin use had no effect on the risk of developing ulcerative colitis -- a condition similar to Crohn 's disease .
" This is early work but our findings do suggest that the regular use of aspirin could be one of many factors which influences the development of this distressing disease in some patients , " said Dr Hart .
" Aspirin does have many beneficial effects , however , including helping to prevent heart attacks and strokes .
I would urge aspirin users to continue taking this medication since the risk of aspirin users possibly developing Crohn 's disease remains very low -- only one in every 2000 users , and the link is not yet finally proved . "
Further work must now be done in other populations to establish whether there is a definite link and to check that aspirin use is not just a marker of another risk factor which is the real cause of Crohn 's disease .
The UEA team will also continue its wider research into other potential factors in the development of Crohn 's disease , including diet .
Every week , headlines reveal some scandal involving politicians , lobbyists , corporate cash , and allegations of bribes .
CEOs get face time with senators , cabinet secretaries , and presidents .
Lawmakers and bureaucrats take laps through the revolving door between government and corporate lobbying .
Whatever goes on behind closed doors between the CEOs and the senators ca n’t be good or the doors would not be closed .
Just what is big business doing with all this influence ?
There are many assumptions about big business ’s agenda in Washington .
In 2003 one author asserted , “ When corporations lobby governments , their usual goal is to avoid regulation . ”
That statement reflects the conventional wisdom that government action protects ordinary people by restraining big business , which , in turn , wants to be left alone .
Historian Arthur Schlesinger articulated a similar point : “ Liberalism in America [ the progression of the welfare state and government intervention in the economy ] has been ordinarily the movement on the part of the other sections of society to restrain the power of the business community . ”
The facts point in an entirely different direction :
Enron was a tireless advocate of strict global energy regulations supported by environmentalists .
Enron also used its influence in Washington to keep laissez‐ ​faire bureaucrats off the federal commissions that regulate the energy industry .
Philip Morris has aggressively supported heightened federal regulation of tobacco and tobacco advertising .
Meanwhile , the state governments that sued Big Tobacco are now working to protect those same large cigarette companies from competition and lawsuits .
A recent tax increase in Virginia passed because of the tireless support of the state ’s business leaders , and big business has a long history of supporting tax hikes .
General Motors provided critical support for new stricter clean air rules that boosted the company ’s bottom line .
The Big Myth
The myth is widespread and deeply rooted that big business and big government are rivals — that big business wants small government .
A 1935 Chicago Daily Tribune column argued that voting against Franklin D. Roosevelt was voting for big business .
“ Led by the President , ” the columnist wrote , “ New Dealers have accepted the challenge , confident the people will repudiate organized business and give the Roosevelt program a new lease on life . ”
However , three days earlier , the president of the Chamber of Commerce and a group of other business leaders met with FDR to support expanding the New Deal .
Almost 70 years later New York Times columnist Paul Krugman assailed the George W. Bush administration : “ The new guys in town are knee ‐ ​jerk conservatives ; they view too much government as the root of all evil , believe that what ’s good for big business is always good for America and think that the answer to every problem is to cut taxes and allow more pollution . ”
At the same time , “ big business ” just across the river in Virginia was ramping up its campaign for a tax increase , and Enron was lobbying Bush ’s closest advisers to support the Kyoto Protocol on climate change .
Months later , when Enron collapsed , writers attributed the company ’s corruption and obscene profits to “ anarchic capitalism ” and asserted that “ the Enron scandal makes it clear that the unfettered free market does not work . ”
In fact , Enron thrived in a world of complex regulations and begged for government handouts at every turn .
When commentators do notice business looking for more federal regulation , they mark it up as an aberration .
When a Washington Post reporter noted in 1987 that airlines were asking Congress for help , she commented , “ Last month , when the airline industry found itself pursued by state regulators seeking to police airline advertising , it looked for help in an unlikely place — Washington . ”
In truth , airline executives had been behind federal regulation of their industry for decades and had aggressively opposed deregulation .
In fact , for the past century and more big business has often relied on big government for support .
The History of Big Business Is the History of Big Government
As the federal government has progressively become larger over the decades , every significant introduction of government regulation , taxation , and spending has been to the benefit of some big business .
Start with perhaps the most misunderstood period of government intervention , the Progressive Era from the late 19th century until the beginning of World War I .
President Theodore Roosevelt is usually depicted as the hero of this episode in American history , and his “ trust busting ” as the central action of the plot .
The history books teach that Teddy empowered the federal government and the White House in a crusade to curb the big business excesses of the “ Gilded Age . ”
A close study of Roosevelt ’s legacy and that of Progressive legislation and regulation , however , yields a far different understanding and shows that the experience with meat — big business calling in big government for protection — was a recurring theme .
Roosevelt expanded Washington ’s power often with the aim and the effect of helping the fattest of the fat cats .
Today ’s history books credit muckraking novelist Upton Sinclair with the reforms in meatpacking .
Sinclair , however , deflected the praise .
“ The Federal inspection of meat was , historically , established at the packers ’ request , ” he wrote in a 1906 magazine article .
“ It is maintained and paid for by the people of the United States for the benefit of the packers . ”
Gabriel Kolko , historian of the era , concurs .
“ The reality of the matter , of course , is that the big packers were warm friends of regulation , especially when it primarily affected their innumerable small competitors . ”
Sure enough , Thomas E. Wilson , speaking for the same big packers Sinclair had targeted , testified to a congressional committee that summer , “ We are now and have always been in favor of the extension of the inspection , also of the adoption of the sanitary regulations that will insure the very best possible conditions . ”
Small packers , it turned out , would feel the regulatory burden more than large packers would .
Consider the story of one of the most famous “ trusts ” in American folklore : U.S. Steel .
In the 1880s and 1890s , rapid steel mergers created the mammoth U.S. Steel out of what had been 138 steel companies .
In the early years of the new century , however , U.S. Steel saw its profits falling .
That insecurity brought about a momentous meeting .
On November 21 , 1907 , in New York ’s posh Waldorf‐ ​Astoria , 49 chiefs of the leading steel companies met for dinner .
The host was U.S. Steel chairman Judge Elbert Gary .
The gathering , the first of the “ Gary Dinners , ” hoped to yield “ gentlemen ’s agreements ” against cutting steel prices .
At the second meeting , a few weeks later , “ every manufacturer present gave the opinion that no necessity or reason exists for the reduction of prices at the present time , ” Gary reported .
The big guys were meeting openly — with Teddy Roosevelt ’s Justice Department officials present , in fact — to set prices .
But it did not work .
“ By May , 1908 , ” Kolko writes , “ breaks again began appearing in the united steel front . ”
Some manufacturers were undercutting the agreement by dropping prices .
“ After June , 1908 , the Gary agreement was nominal rather than real .
Smaller steel companies began cutting prices . ”
U.S. Steel lost market share during this time , which Kolko blames on “ its technological conservatism and its lack of flexible leadership . ”
In fact , according to Kolko , “ U.S. Steel never had any particular technological advantage , as was often true of the largest firm in other industries . ”
In this way , the free market acts as an equalizer .
While economies of scale allow corporate giants more flexible financing and can drive down costs , massive size usually also creates inertia and inflexibility .
U.S. Steel saw itself as a vulnerable giant threatened by the boisterous free market , and Gary ’s failed efforts at rationalizing the industry left only one line of defense .
“ Having failed in the realm of economics , ” Kolko writes , “ the efforts of the United States Steel group were to be shifted to politics . ”
Sure enough , on February 15 , 1909 , steel magnate Andrew Carnegie wrote a letter to the New York Times favoring “ government control ” of the steel industry .
Two years later , Gary echoed this sentiment before a congressional committee : “ I believe we must come to enforced publicity and governmental control … even as to prices . ”
When it came to railroad regulation by the Interstate Commerce Commission , the railroads themselves were among the leading advocates .
The editors of the Wall Street Journalwondered at this development and editorialized on December 28 , 1904 :
$ 12 Cup Ethiopian Coffee Raising Eyebrows
Above : The Chelsea location of Cafe Grumpy in Manhattan is
now offering the high - end Nekisse beans from Ethiopia made
using the store ’s $ 11,000 Clover brewing system .
Tadias Magazine
By Tadias Staff
Published : Monday , May 3 , 2010
New York ( Tadias ) – Café Grumpy , a local coffee shop chain here in New York , is raising eyebrows with its new menu item – an expensive cup of joe from Ethiopia .
As The New York Post put it : “ If the caffeine does n’t wake you up , the price certainly will . ”
The Manhattan location of Café Grumpy is selling the drink brewed from the handpicked Ethiopian Nekisse beans for $ 12 a cup .
“ There are flavors you would expect in a really nice glass of wine — it ’s a cacophony of nuances , ” Steve Holt , vice president of Ninety Plus Coffee , the company distributing the beans , told The NY Post .
“ You detect flavors of apricot , pineapple , bergamot , kiwi and lime .
The deeper tones are levels of chocolate , and the finish is super clean . ”
And why is it so pricey ?
“ It is a higher - end coffee , and you have to take a lot of time developing and processing it , ” said Holt .
“ Once the coffee is harvested , it is dried on a raised African drying bed — the actual coffee cherries never sit on the ground . ”
But not all New Yorkers are impressed .
“ People have had bad reactions to the prices , ” Colleen Duhamel , a coffee buyer and barista at Cafe Grumpy said .
“ They will think , ‘ This place is n’t for me , ’ and storm out . ”
“ I ’ve spent $ 12 on a cocktail , but I ’d be reticent to pay that much for a cup of coffee , ” said Whitney Reuling , 25 , after tasting samples provided by The Post .
“ It ’s good — but I ca n’t taste the difference .
My palate is not at an advanced level for coffee — a $ 2.50 cup is fine . ”
WATCH
Chris Saad is onto something , he says " Open is not enough , time to raise the bar : Interoperable . "
But I think the idea that Chris is really searching for is Replaceable .
Think of it this way .
There is no root to the web .
There is no home page .
No place you have to go first before you go anywhere else .
Same idea -- there should n't be any center to the graph - of - everything .
That 's where the bar should be set .
And Facebook ai n't even in the ballpark .
It 's nice that Facebook has graph.facebook.com , except it should also be XML .
And they should be willing to point into graph.scripting.com , and graph.whitehouse.gov and graph.yourserver.org .
Anyone should be able to operate a graph .
And of course we should be able to point into graph .
facebook.com , and not just at the root , but into any bit of data they expose .
Then everyone is on an equal footing .
I do n't care if their format was approved by the W3C , all that means is that it 'll be a kitchen - sink format with all the BigCo 's getting to screw with it until interop is n't even remotely possible for anyone without a $ 100 million development budget .
Screw the corporate - owned standards bodies .
Instead be open in the only way that truly matters -- replaceable .
And to be replaceable the format has to be simple .
That way you have to always be earning your market , by providing superior value , functionality , performance , price and trust .
If there 's any lock - in at all it does n't matter if you call it open .
PS : To Chris , white - on - black text is really hard on older eyes .
Be kind to everyone and stick with black - on - white .
The escalation of unproven allegations against Helena Guergis and Rahim Jaffer has Rex wondering what happened to the presumption of innocence in Canada .
Read the transcript of this Point of View
Rex Murphy
April 15 , 2010
The element that outraged most people about the Jaffer case was the plea bargain .
But the Crown lawyer interviewed here on Wednesday night pointed out 95 % of cases in Ontario are dealt with via plea bargains .
We might n't like it .
But , in this one , vital particular , Jaffer was n't being " singled out for special treatment " .
He was , in fact , being treated like almost – 95 % - everyone else .
In other words , knowledge of the facts might have taken some wind out of the universal outrage .
His wife , Helena Guergis , got placed into a grinder – metaphorically speaking – for her performance in a PEI airport .
Public response and editorial commentary blasted her .
Rightly so .
Powerful people should n't pick on the so - called " little people . "
They surely should n't feel they have a right to pick on them , browbeat them , treat them as nuisances .
As just said , she was made to pay for that .
But now with both Guergis and Jaffer , we 're in a whole new exploding universe .
We have the Toronto Star 's world of " busty hookers " and reports from a private investigator talking of cocaine and romps , involving both with " high - priced hookers , " cellphone pictures , and talk of offshore accounts in both their names in Belize , chatter about Hells Angels , and anecdotes of death threats .
It 's one huge swirl of allegation and speculation and titillation - all of this without a single charge having been laid by anyone with law enforcement authority .
The ever - so - sexy story is , in Canadian terms , at Tiger Woods volume , and a little like the Tiger Woods story , very much of the fascination with it is the raw gossipy tabloid element .
The famous presumption of innocence in this matter is like a dying fish on land , gasping desperately for its last gulp of life .
The presumption of innocence , none of us should need reminding , is not for people we like or instinctively admire : it 's meant to tame the leap to judgement which is so much easier when people , not popular , are in the crosshairs of public scorn .
We do n't know , in the post - Jaffer arrest , or second round , of the Guergis - Jaffer story , which , of all this mess of allegation and innuendo they might be guilty of .
We do n't even know what , of any of all of this , they might be charged with .
But we do know , from the volume of Parliamentary noise , and the remorseless media coverage , that Guergis and Jaffer are bearing a weight of speculation and opprobrium that is almost unimaginable - all of it , I repeat , before we have seen a charge sheet .
It 's quite simply and plainly desperately unfair .
Should they , in the long run , prove innocent of not romping with busty hookers , or of not having accounts in Belize , it will make precious little difference .
They will have become cliché examples of politicians who took the wrong turn , stock jokes around the office , their reputations a beach ball for lazy comedians .
It 's far too early for any of this , and far far too early for retailing suggestive details from a single spying eye that will devastate the lives of these two people before they have so much as a minute in court .
For The National , I ’m Rex Murphy .
A shocking report of systemic child abuse by the Irish Catholic Church reveals non-co-operation by the Vatican and police collusion in covering up the scandal over decades .
File photo
The Vatican refused to co-operate with an official inquiry investigating sexual abuse by clerics in the Catholic Church in Ireland .
The official Report of the Commission of Investigation into the Catholic Archdiocese of Dublin was published on Thursday .
The investigation began in 2006 , and covered the period 1975 – 2004 .
The Commission ’s brief was “ to investigate how Church and state authorities handled allegation of child abuse against 46 priests ” .
The inquiry condemned church leaders for covering - up abuse for decades .
The Commission examined complaints concerning over 320 children .
Substantially more of the complaints related to boys .
Of the 46 priests examined , 11 pleaded guilty to or were convicted in the criminal courts of sexual assaults on children .
The report revealed that all the Archbishops of Dublin in the period covered by the Commission were aware of some complaints .
However , it concluded that pre-occupations in dealing with cases of child sexual abuse , at least until the mid 1990s , were the maintenance of secrecy , the avoidance of scandal , the protection of the Church ’s reputation and the preservation of its assets .
All other considerations , including the welfare of children and justice for victims , were subordinated to these priorities , the report said .
According to the Commission , there was also collusion on the part of the police .
A number of very senior members of the Irish police regarded priests as being outside their remit .
There were some examples of them actually reporting complaints to the Archdiocese instead of investigating them .
The Vatican had refused to co-operate with the Commission , saying only that the request " had not gone through appropriate diplomatic channels " .
A request for information from the Papal Nuncio also was ignored .
Following the publication of the Commission ’s report , the leader of the Catholic Church in Ireland issued an apology .
Cardinal Sean Brady said he was deeply sorry and ashamed by the abuse the report had revealed .
Speaking on behalf of the Derry diocese , Father Michael Canny said the church 's reputation was in tatters .
" The church has no credibility , no standing , and no moral authority .
The issue is an issue of confidence and of trust .
This is something which will take certainly my lifetime to build up again , " he said .
The Bishop of Derry , Dr Seamus Hegarty , also called on anyone who had been abused by a member of the clergy to approach the civil authorities .
After BP ’s Texas City , Tex. , refinery blew up in 2005 , killing 15 workers , the company vowed to address the safety shortfalls that caused the blast .
The next year , when a badly maintained oil pipeline ruptured and spilled 200,000 gallons of crude oil over Alaska ’s North Slope , the oil giant once again promised to clean up its act .
In 2007 , when Tony Hayward took over as chief executive , BP settled a series of criminal charges , including some related to Texas City , and agreed to pay $ 370 million in fines .
“ Our operations failed to meet our own standards and the requirements of the law , ” the company said then , pledging to improve its “ risk management . ”
Despite those repeated promises to reform , BP continues to lag other oil companies when it comes to safety , according to federal officials and industry analysts .
Many problems still afflict its operations in Texas and Alaska , they say .
Regulators are investigating a whistle - blower ’s allegations of safety violations at the Atlantis , one of BP ’s newest offshore drilling platforms in the Gulf of Mexico .
Euler appeared , advanced toward Diderot , and in a tone of perfect conviction announced , “ Sir , , hence God exists — reply ! ” .
One is tempted to be amazed how often such arguments are made about serious issues .
But it should n’t be such a surprise when one considers how often people are taken in by such sophistry .
If you ca n’t persuade them with logic , dazzle them with bullshit .
A recent comment by “ VS ” at Bart Verheggen ’s blog suggests :
In other words , global temperature contains a stochastic rather than deterministic trend , and is statistically speaking , a random walk .
Simply calculating OLS trends and claiming that there is a ‘ clear increase ’ is non-sense ( non-science ) .
According to what we observe therefore , temperatures might either increase or decrease in the following year ( so no ‘ trend ’ ) .
The original “ random walk ” was posited by Karl Pearson in a letter to Nature in 1905 .
In Pearson ’s version , a man starts at the origin and walks a fixed distance in any direction .
He then walks the same distance again , in some randomly chosen direction .
This process repeats .
Pearson was interested in the probability that after n such steps , the man had travelled distance r from his starting point .
Pearson ’s question was answered a week later by Lord Rayleigh , who had already worked out the solution as it was related to some problems in physics ( relevant to diffusion ) .
Rayleigh also worked out the random walk in which the length of each step was not constant .
Ironically , it was also in 1905 that Einstein published his work on the Brownian motion — the small jittery motion of microscopic particles ( like dust or pollen grains ) suspended in a fluid .
Einstein posited that the jitters were caused by the collision of individual molecules of the fluid with the microscopic particles , and used observations of the Brownian motion to deduce the probable size of the molecules in the fluid , one of the first realistic estimates of the size of individual molecules .
The essence of a random walk is that it is the cumulative sum of random terms .
We can generate a 1 - dimensional random walk by generating random numbers ( we could use , for example , Gaussian white noise ) and summing them up .
This would give us a series , which we can posit as a time series
,
where are Gaussian white noise so is a random walk .
I ’ve generated 10 random walks of 100 steps using this procedure and plotted the 10 resultant time series here :
We can write our random walk as
.
We can also write this as
.
We can even define the lag operator L as the operator which transforms a time series to its 1 - time - previous values
,
to write the time series as
.
It ’s also common to define the difference operator as
,
so that
.
Random walks are not just simple random series , and they ’re not “ stationary ” time series .
Because of this , they can give a false impression of the presence of a time trend .
If , for instance , I fit a trend line to the first random walk I generated , I get this :
and the test statistic ( t=13.2 ) indicates that it is definitely statistically significant .
But this is a case where we need to be aware of what the test statistic means .
The null hypothesis is that the data are white noise .
The significant test statistic means we can reject that null hypothesis .
That only means that the data are not white noise — which is correct .
It does not mean that the data exhibit a linear trend over time .
Our form for defining the random walk is similar to the form of an ARMA ( autoregressive moving - average ) process .
An ARMA ( p , q ) process ( autoregressive moving - average of order p, q ) is
,
or , using the lag operator ,
,
where is the operator which defines our AR ( p ) process and defines the MA process .
The random walk we ’ve defined so far is such a process , with order p=1 and q=0 , and AR coefficient .
For an AR process we can define the characteristic polynomial as
.
We can then study the roots of the characteristic polynomial .
If one of the roots is equal to 1 ( a “ unit root ” ) , then we can factor the AR operator into the form
.
Then our process is
.
The “ 1 - L ” operator ( the difference operator ) can be thought of as an “ integration ” operator , so such a process is called an integrated autoregressive moving - average ( or ARIMA ) process .
We can sometimes factor multiple instances of the difference operator out of the AR process , giving an ARIMA ( p , d , q ) process : AR of order p , integrated d times , MA of order q .
If the AR operator has a unit root ( so that we can factor out a difference operator ) , we tend to classify it as ARIMA rather than ARMA .
We also know that the time series is not stationary — it does n’t show behavior which is essentially the same at different times .
A random walk , for instance , shows ever - growing variance , so that as time continues indefinitely into the future it can wander off without bound .
A random walk is unbounded .
Yet we know that global temperature is bounded .
Therefore it ’s not a random walk .
“ VS ” replied to this saying
Temperature may be ‘ bounded ’ over it ’s long 100,000 year cycle ( as observed over the past 500,000 or so years ) , however , on the subset of a 150 years or so , on which we are formally studying it , it can be easily classified as a random walk .
It ’s interesting that a simple , one - sentence fact ( temperature is bounded ) already forces “ VS ” to move the goalposts .
How can we tell the difference between a genuine trend , and an apparent one due to some process that has a unit root ?
One approach is to apply a unit root test .
The most straightforward is the Dickey - Fuller , or DF test .
It ’s based on the idea that a stationary process tends to return to its mean value , while a unit - root process has no such tendency , it wanders in a random way regardless of its present value .
This means that the value of a given increment ( change from one time series value to the next ) does n’t really depend on the preceding time series value .
It might depend on preceding increments , but not on actual values .
Therefore the Dickey - Fuller test performs a regression of increments on the preceding time series value ,
,
and tests whether the regression is significant .
Note that although is often used to indicate a difference operator itself , in this context it ’s just a number .
If the process lacks a unit root , then when is high , the process will tend to return to its mean value so that will be negative .
So we test whether or not the coefficient is significantly negative ( the Dickey - Fuller test is a one - tailed test ) .
The null hypothesis is that the process is a unit - root process , so that .
If we reject the null hypothesis , we reject the presence of a unit root .
We must also be careful because the null hypothesis is not that the time series is white noise , so we ca n’t apply the usual t- test to the regression .
Instead we compute a t value , but compare it to the Dickey - Fuller t distribution .
That ’s fine as far as it goes , but if the process has a genuine trend but no unit root , then it wo n’t tend to return to a “ mean value , ” it will tend to return to the value of the trend line .
So there are two further versions of the Dickey - Fuller test .
One tests for the presence of a unit root in the presence of drift , using the regression
,
and the other tests for the presence of a unit root when there ’s a deterministic trend ,
,
In all cases the null hypothesis is that a unit root is present .
The Dickey - Fuller test is known to have low statistical power when the time series lacks a unit root but does show strong autocorrelation , so it may well fail to reject the null hypothesis even when it ’s false .
Of course , the series of increments may not be white noise either .
It may be autocorrelated noise .
This leads to the augmented Dickey - Fuller , or ADF test .
We test the regression of increments on the preceding value of the time series , and on preceding values of the increments
,
up to some order p .
There are also , just as with the DF test , versions to allow for drift and trend
,
.
Another choice is the Phillips - Perron , or PP test .
This uses a nonparametric alternative to regressing on lagged increments , and allows for different behaviors of the underlying random process ( like changes in its variance ) .
It ’s crucial to note that in the presence of a real trend , we have to use the versions of the ADF test which allow for it .
Suppose , for instance , we generate some artificial data which are a linear trend plus white noise .
I generated 130 such values here :
There ’s nothing complicated about this time series , it ’s a linear trend plus white noise .
Let ’s apply the ADF test using the R package “ CADFtest . ”
It implements the covariate - adjusted ADF test , which allows us to test a time series along with some covariates , but if we do n’t supply covariates it just computes the straight ADF test .
It defaults to allowing for a trend , but if we disallow that using the command
CADFtest (y , type=” none ” )
we get
ADF test data : x
ADF ( 1 ) = 1.4382 , p-value = 0.9623
alternative hypothesis : true delta is less than 0
sample estimates :
delta
0.01416970
Note that it has failed to reject the null hypothesis ( p- value=0.9623 , so we ca n’t even reject at 5 % confidence let alone 95 % confidence ) , therefore it indicates the possibility of a unit root .
But we know that ’s not the case !
We can also apply the ADF test allowing for drift but not trend
CADFtest (y , type=” drift ” )
which gives
ADF test data : x
ADF ( 1 ) = - 0.7466 , p-value = 0.83
alternative hypothesis : true delta is less than 0
sample estimates :
delta
- 0.01466259
Again we have failed to reject the null hypothesis , indicating the possibility of a unit root .
But we still know that ’s not so !
The failure is because we have specifically excluded the possibility of an actual trend .
When we allow for that
CADFtest(y ) - or- CADFtest (y , type=” trend ” )
we get
ADF test data : x
ADF ( 1 ) = - 8.8218 , p-value = 1.968e-11
alternative hypothesis : true delta is less than 0
sample estimates :
delta
- 1.184363
Now the null hypothesis is rejected at a significance level of 2 x 10 ^ - 11 ( 99.999999998 % confidence ) .
There ’s no unit root ( which we already knew ) .
If we apply the ADF test to the random walk to which we fit a ( falsely significant ) trend , we get
ADF test data : y
ADF (1 ) = - 2.6338 , p-value = 0.2666
alternative hypothesis : true delta is less than 0
sample estimates :
delta
- 0.151474
We fail to reject the unit - root hypothesis , as we should , since this is a random walk .
If we restrict the ADF test to exclude a trend , or to exclude drift and trend , we get the same result .
We can further test for a unit root with the PP test , which gives
Phillips - Perron Unit Root
Test data : y
Dickey - Fuller = - 2.8724 , Truncation lag parameter = 3 , p-value = 0.2152
Again we ca n’t reject the unit root , and again that ’s because there is one .
If you ’ve read this far , you must be wondering what we get when we apply the ADF or PP unit - root tests to actual temperature data .
Let ’s take GISS data , annual averages from 1880 to 2009 .
First let ’s look at the results supplied by “ VS ” :
** GISSTEMP , global mean , 1881 - 2008 :
Level series , ADF test statistic ( p- value < ) :
- 0.168613 ( 0.6234 )
First difference series , ADF test statistic ( p-value < ) :
- 11.53925 ( 0.0000 ) Conclusion : I (1 ) ** GISSTEMP , global mean , combined , 1881 - 2008 :
Level series , ADF test statistic ( p- value < ) :
- 0.301710 ( 0.5752 )
First difference series , ADF test statistic ( p- value ) :
- 10.84587 ( 0.0000 ) Conclusion : I (1 )
I ’m not sure why he ’s using two GISSTEMP series , or what he means by “ combined , ” or why he uses 1881 - 2008 ( since GISS extends from 1880 to 2009 ) .
But I ran the ADF test on GISS data ( 1880 - 2009 ) and got this :
ADF test data : x1
ADF ( 1 ) = - 4.2506 , p-value = 0.005066
alternative hypothesis : true delta is less than 0
sample estimates :
delta
- 0.3308484
The null hypothesis , of a unit root , is resoundingly rejected .
We can also do the PP test , giving
Phillips - Perron Unit Root Test data : x1
Dickey - Fuller = - 5.1747 , Truncation lag parameter = 4 , p-value = 0.01
Again , the unit root is rejected .
The ADF test as implemented in the R package CADFtest also enables the user to allow for an excessively large number of lagged increment values .
This is not recommended , but I did so anyway , with model selection by BIC ( Bayesian Information Criterion ) .
It does n’t change the result .
The unit root is rejected .
How did VS fail to reject it ?
I suspect he excluded a trend from his ADF test .
He may also have played around with the number of lags allowed , until he got a result he liked .
He excluded reality , and if you do that , you can “ prove ” whatever you want .
One final note : there ’s an ever - growing number of “ throw some complicated - looking math at the wall and see what sticks ” attempts to refute global warming .
It seems to me that a disproportionate fraction of them come from economists .
Perhaps that ’s because they fear the loss of corporate profit more than they fear danger to the health and welfare of humanity .
Or perhaps it ’s just a reflection of the rather poor track record of economists in general .
When it comes to predicting the future , it ’s well to compare the truly astounding successes of , say , physics , to , say , economics .
In Ky. , confident Paul foresees 'a tea party tidal wave coming '
Republican Senate candidate Rand Paul campaigns at a delicatessen in Scottsville , Ky. , on May 14 .
( AP Photo / Joe Imel )
Updated 6:51 p.m.
By Perry Bacon , Jr.
BOWLING GREEN , Ky. --
Even before Republican voters in Kentucky cast their ballots on Tuesday , the favorite in the Republican U.S. Senate primary has already declared " there 's a tea party tidal wave coming . "
" It 's already gotten to Utah , and tomorrow it comes to Kentucky , " Rand Paul told a crowd of supporters in this town , where he has long worked as an eye doctor .
In his final rally before the election , Paul sounded confident not just of victory over Kentucky Secretary of State Trey Grayson , but of being part of a tea party movement that he thinks will change politics .
Polls show Paul comfortably ahead in the GOP race to replace retiring Sen. Jim Bunning ( R - Ky . ) .
He argues that a win here will help solidify the tea party 's place both within the Republican Party and in the broader national political landscape .
" Tomorrow 's election will be big , it 's going to be big for us in Kentucky , it 's going to be big nationally , " he said .
" It will be the first victory for a tea party candidate in a statewide election , and this will have huge ramifications . "
" We the tea party , we the people of Kentucky will help decide what that message is , where the Republican Party goes , what the Republican Party becomes , " he added .
" This is an important election .
You will be part of helping define the direction of our country the next few years . "
12:20 p.m. : Is Paul the Fox News candidate ?
LOUISVILLE --
Trey Grayson says it 's hard enough when your opponent has a national fundraising base and a huge grassroots following , thanks in part to his father 's presidential campaign .
But Grayson says he's not just facing the Paul family in his race to replace retiring Sen.
Jim Bunning ( R - Ky. ) , but an even more powerful force in conservative politics : Fox News .
By frequently putting Rand Paul , the son of Ron Paul and Grayson 's opponent , on its air , Grayson says the network has all but endorsed Paul and given him an easy way to tout his candidacy without actually meeting Kentucky voters in person .
" I 've been on Fox News once , on a live feed on one of the shows , and I was told I was to expect a certain line of questioning , and I was given a different line of questioning , " Grayson said .
Referring to Rand Paul , Grayson said , " He 's on all of the time . "
" His dad had these phenomenal contacts , so ... he's on Fox News every couple of weeks with softballs , " said Grayson .
Imitating an anchor 's voice , Grayson said the questions are softballs such as , " Rand , tell us about health care , you 're a doctor .
Rand , tell us about the tea party . "
Paul has acknowledged his father 's role in helping him raise money and get media attention .
And with Grayson , Kentucky ' secretary of state , lagging behind Paul in polls , his criticisms of Fox , which does not formally endorse candidates , may be sour grapes .
But they also fit into the broader critique Grayson is offering in the final of his campaign :
Paul would represent the tea party more than Kentucky in Congress .
" I think he'd more of a grandstander , " said Grayson .
" He wants to be a national leader , I want to be a leader from Kentucky .
I 'm not running to be the candidate of the tea party , I 'm running to be the candidate of the Republican Party of Kentucky .
It 's just a different approach . "
He added of Paul , " the guy never talks about our state . "
Grayson , who has the backing of the state 's most powerful Republican , U.S. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , contrasted McConnell with Paul .
Voters " want the guy who will fight for their priorities , " he said .
" We 're fortunate Mitch McConnell does both , fights for Kentucky and is a national leader . "
Grayson said all of this to a group of reporters and about 15 supporters in an airport hangar in Louisville at one of his final campaign events .
His opponent may have a more effective strategy .
At the same time Grayson was speaking , Paul was appearing on Fox News .
6:51 a.m. In Ky. , the Establishment vs. the Quasi-Outsider
LOUISVILLE --
The establishment candidates for the U.S. Senate could lose on both the Democratic and Republican side Tuesday in primaries to replace retiring Kentucky Sen. Jim Bunning ( R ) , an outcome that would further illustrate the appeal of running as an outsider in the 2010 election cycle .
Rand Paul is favored in the GOP race here to defeat Trey Grayson , even though Grayson has the backing of two of the state 's leading Republican figures : U.S. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and U.S. Rep. Hal Rogers , a very well - liked congressman .
Meanwhile , in the less hyped but also - intense Democratic race , state Attorney General Jack Conway remains effectively tied with Lt. Gov. Dan Mongiardo , despite Conway 's embrace by the state 's two Democratic congressmen and its last Democratic senator , the popular Wendell Ford .
Beyond the tea party 's outsized role in the GOP primary , the two races have many parallels .
Like Grayson , who was encouraged by Republican officials in part because of questions about Bunning 's chances of winning in November , top Democratic officials recruited Conway as a candidate they viewed as having a stronger chance of winning a general election than Mongiardo .
The establishment candidates are both lawyers , facing two physicians ( Paul is an eye doctor , Mongiardo an ear , nose and throat surgeon ) .
Both Paul and Mongiardo have cast themselves as outsiders , even though Mongiardo is the state 's No. 2 officeholder and Paul greatly benefited from the support base of his father Ron , a longtime congressman who developed a national grass - roots base during an unsuccessful presidential run .
All four candidates are running against Washington ( like candidates across the country ) .
But Mongiardo has sharply criticized the climate change legislation being pushed by his party , saying it would hurt Kentucky 's coal industry , while Paul constantly notes the growth in the deficit was spurred by programs by pushed through by Republicans as well as Democrats .
On the other hand , Conway and Grayson , the two establishment candidates , have cast themselves as representatives of the visions of the parties they belong to .
Running against Paul , Grayson refers to himself in speeches as a " mainstream Kentucky Republican . "
While Mongiardo has distanced himself from the health - care law passed earlier this year by Democrats , Conway has emphatically supported it , repeatedly saying " we need to stand up and be Democrats . "
And in spite of the anti-incumbent mood in the country , Conway and Grayson have touted their establishment support .
Saturday , in one of his final campaign speeches , Grayson noted his backing from McConnell and Rogers .
Conway plans to spend part of Monday campaigning with Ford .
" The endorsements really help with momentum and it helps with the undecideds , " said Conway .
" I understand the anti-establishment mood out there .
Rand Paul 's race is being fueled by it .
But I think [ the endorsements ] help in the Democratic primary . "
McConnell remains popular among Republicans ( a recent poll showed him with a 68 percent approval rating among Republicans in the state , while 21 percent disapproved of him ) , as do the Democrats who have embraced Conway .
But if either Paul or Mongiardo were to win and get elected in the fall , they would come to Washington with a mandate to act more independently than the establishment candidates .
Paul has already declared a set of positions , such as opposition to all earmarks , and a leading place in a movement ( the tea party ) that would make him a unique figure in Senate and perhaps an annoyance to McConnell .
On the Democratic side , Conway has been embraced by liberal groups such as MoveOn.org .
On the other hand , while any Democrat elected to the Senate from Kentucky would have to hew to the center , Mongiardo is the kind of figure , like Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - Neb. ) , who might frustrate party regulars by standing with the GOP on some issues .
" I supported Barack Obama in the primary but then I stood up in opposition to him on cap and trade , " Mongiardo said , referring to the energy legislation the president has embraced .
" I 'm not going to go up there and follow a party or an ideology . "
He added , " What Kentuckians are looking for is an independent Democrat , somebody who 's going to stand up and not be a pro-party candidate . "
For the past few months we ’ve been working hard on a feature a whole lot of you requested : highlights .
Today , we ’re happy to announce that we ’ve shipped text highlighting across all of our platforms – iOS , Android , and web !
Now you can just select some text and choose the “ Highlight ” option to save those great quotes you find while reading .
In true Instapaper fashion , your highlights are seamlessly synced across all of your devices .
We ’ve also added the option for you to post automatically your highlights to your linked accounts .
It ’s disabled by default , but if you turn it on , you can do nifty things like automatically Tweet your highlights , or post them to a Tumblr blog , or drop them into Evernote .
We ’re launching highlights as a freemium feature , which means non-subscribers get 5 free highlights per month .
Instapaper subscribers , you get unlimited highlights !
Along with highlights , we ’ve completely revamped the Instapaper website , incorporating the feedback you ’ve provided us over the last few months .
At long last , the Instapaper website is a fully - functional file system for managing , organizing , and acting on the articles and videos you see and save online .
The overall look and feel of the website is much simpler , more intuitive , and more in line with our suite of mobile applications .
But the changes are n’t only cosmetic , we ’ve also added a range of new features that users have been requesting :
* Drag - and - drop .
We know how much you loved having to reload the old Instapaper page with every click , but trust us – drag - and - drop is better .
Way better .
* Site - wide theming .
Now the Instapaper website can be themed in White , Sepia , Dark , and a new theme we ’re calling Storm , which very nicely fits somewhere between the Sepia and Dark modes .
* Multiselect editing for easier article management .
No more clicking move , archive , or delete on each individual article , just select some articles and use the bulk “ Move , ” “ Archive , ” and “ Delete ” actions .
* Better folder organization and management .
We ’ve taken folders out of that inner column , and added them back into the main navigation as per your requests .
We ’ve also built the ability to add a folder directly from your list view , as well as drag & drop folders for easier organization .
* And , did we mention , highlights ?
Last but not least , we had a new logo commissioned by Kris Sowersby under the direction of Justin Van Slembrouck .
The new logo is Instapaper ’s first “ real logo ” , whereas earlier versions were just our name typed in a serif font .
There ’s so much to say about the logo that Justin , Instapaper ’s designer , is going to geek out about it in a separate post !
We hope you all really enjoy the new features and are digging the direction we ’re taking Instapaper .
If not , please let us know by emailing support@help.instapaper.com , Tweeting to @InstapaperHelp , or leaving a comment on the post .
We always love hearing from you .
Thanks !
Instapaper Team
point vertically aligned with the centre of the earth
Exhibition " Distances "
- 22 april in Paris
- 20 august 2010 Taiwan
- object crafted by Jim Sellers
With its structure in specially chosen alloys , its adjustable tripod with precision engineered screws , its three axis and bell jar , this object is capable of situating a specific location with pin-point accuracy in relation to its vertical alignment with the centre of the earth .
— translation by Chris Atkinson
DENVER — During a visit to his coach 's deathbed at Denver Presbyterian Hospital on Wednesday , Nuggets All - Star Carmelo Anthony told a barely conscious , cancer - ridden George Karl that their team , which was eliminated during the first round of the playoffs this year , had advanced to the NBA Finals and was currently up 3 - 0 on the Cleveland Cavaliers .
" Everybody 's playing great , Coach , and the defense you taught us is completely shutting down LeBron , " a tearful Anthony reportedly told the weak and gasping Karl , who mustered enough strength to nod his head and smile at the news .
" Doctors say you 're going to get better soon so you can celebrate with us at the victory parade .
It 's going to be — Coach Karl ?
Coach Karl ! Nurse ! "
Advertisement
Setting new standards ( Image : Spencer Platt / Getty )
Innovation is our regular column that highlights emerging technological ideas and where they may lead
How would you like to have just one all - powerful program on your computer ?
No cluttered “ start ” menu or “ dock ” to make your selection from , just one icon to click that opens up a window capable of any task you may require .
In fact , you are already using that one all - powerful program : it ’s your web browser .
Advertisement
A new version of the standard HyperText Markup Language ( HTML ) used to make web pages is in the works .
The new standard , called HTML5 , is not yet complete , but its impressive features and the fact it has attracted the backing of major computer manufacturers and web - content producers has set it on course to dramatically change the way we use computers .
Wider web
HTML5 ’s power is that it can break down the barrier between applications running online and those on your own device almost completely .
Advanced web services like like Google Docs or the online version of Photoshop already make it possible to edit photos or spreadsheets much as you can with a traditional program .
But those web applications do n’t feel quite right , because the current form of HTML ring - fences the web from the rest of a computer .
Web apps ca n’t do things like drag - and - drop files between your web browser and computer desktop , offer full functionality when you ’re not online , or play various media without extra software plug-ins .
HTML5 makes it possible to do all that , making it a technology with appeal to both web users and the companies and programmers that provide web services .
i Pad pronouncement
In the past week Google used HTML5 to make it possible to drag files into its online email service as you would if moving them around on your own computer , and also announced that it would soon use HTML5 to make it possible for online documents to be accessed and edited even when not connected to the internet , by storing data locally and seamlessly syncing it as soon as when a connection is available .
Apple used the recent launch of its iPad to provide another major boost to the nascent standard , attracted by the way it can prevent a browser having to rely on third - party software like Adobe Flash or Microsoft Silverlight to display video or interactive media .
Apple made it clear that the iPad and the iPhone will never run Flash , the Adobe software used by an estimated 99 per cent of internet connected machines to deliver video and other content .
Bold move
It was seen by many commentators as a move that would prevent buyers of the iPad from fully experiencing the web .
But while turning its back on Flash , Apple is embracing HTML5 .
As a result many large producers of web content are also embracing it .
And why not – the new standard will make putting video , audio or even games into a webpage as simple as embedding images .
Despite six years in the making , HTML5 is still not fully baked .
A consortium of web programmers , web enthusiasts and academics is still finalising its exact shape and wrestling with both the big questions like how to free the web of third - party plug-ins and thousands of minutiae , ranging from how windows open to how links are displayed .
Major debates about its final form are still raging , such as which format is best for video , but every day brings us closer to the day when we need only open one program to do anything we want .
Read previous Innovation columns : Robots look to the cloud for enlightenment , iPad is child ’s play but not quite magical , Only mind games will make us save power , Gaze trackers eye computer gamers , Market research wants to open your skull , Sending botnets the way of smallpox , Bloom did n’t start a fuel - cell revolution , Who wants ultra - fast broadband ? ,
We ca n’t look after our data – what can ?
I 'm the king of the world , bitch .
http://ceoworld.biz/ceo/wp-content/uploads/2009/09/Mark-Zuckerberg.jpg
Facebook has 570 billion pageviews a month , says Google 's Doubleclick .
That 's 8X as many pageviews as the No. 2 site in Google 's list of the top 1000 web sites in the world , Yahoo ( which has 70 billion ) .
It 's 15X as many as MSN ( 39 billion ) .
It 's 72X as many as Wikipedia ( 7.9 billion )
Anyone out there still think Facebook is going to go bust ?
Anyone still think the recent privacy fracas means anything at all ?
Enlarge By Matt Fields - Johnson , AP Tonya Craft leaves the courthouse with her husband David Craft on April 23 .
She was acquitted on molestation charges .
NEW YORK ( AP ) 
A former north Georgia kindergarten teacher says her acquittal on charges she molested three young girls is not a victory .
" There 's no one that wins in this situation , " 37 - year - old Tonya Craft said Wednesday on NBC 's Today show .
" My whole heart had been taken and I got half of it back . "
The jury in Ringgold found Craft not guilty Tuesday on each of 22 charges of child molestation , aggravated sexual battery and aggravated child molestation .
" You hope the truth comes out , but you 're scared to death it won't , " Craft said .
Craft was arrested two years ago and was fired from her job at Chickamauga Elementary School .
She said she asked herself " How can this happen , how can this go from absolutely nothing to something so heinous ? "
Craft said she wants to educate people on how children can be led to believe they 've been molested .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Grow , Mutate , Create
The pur­pose of this product is to move fo­cus away from the some­times in­tric­ate and dif­fi­cult pro­cess of sound syn­thes­is and in­stead let you de­vel­op sounds by simply us­ing your ears .
You will find that cre­at­ing synth patches with Syn­plant will be as easy as listen­ing and de­cid­ing what you like and then hav­ing the sounds evolve in the dir­ec­tions you de­sire .
Once you are ready to get your hands dirty and dig deep­er in­to the ana­tomy of Syn­plant you will have the op­tion to crack open your sound seeds and modi­fy their un­der­ly­ing ge­net­ic code .
Al­though Syn­plant is ex­ceed­ingly easy to use , whatever you do , do not let its re­l­at­ive sim­pli­city fool you .
Be­neath its straight­for­ward and play­ful in­ter­face you will find a ver­sat­ile syn­thes­izer of the ut­most qual­ity with lots of char­ac­ter .
The tank is named ‘ Kuroshio Sea ’ and it is the second largest aquarium tank in the world .
It holds 7,500 - cubic meters ( 1,981,290 gallons ) of water and features the world ’s second largest acrylic glass panel , measuring 8.2 meters by 22.5 meters with a thickness of 60 centimeters .
Whale sharks and manta rays are kept amongst many other fish species in the main tank .
NoSQL panel¶
Question : do you want to support special features of NoSQL DBs in the ORM even if relational databases do n’t support those features ?
Yes .
Yes .
You choose a NoSQL database for its specific features , so those features need to be supported .
Warning : there wo n’t be a common set of features that lets you move a DB transparently from one NoSQL db to another .
The API will work the same way , but you will probably have to do some specific stuff .
Question :
How many if any of the various NoSQL databases should Django support ?
All of them .
Even filesystem or RCS …
Try to find communality .
Querying probably will have to be specific per DB .
Will there be an SQL for NoSQL databases ?
Relational databases existed before SQL was there …
Lots of talking on “ what are common ways of querying ? ” .
Javascript could end up as the default query language .
For someone knowledgeable in SQL , mapreduce is a brainwreck .
Question : should the Django ORM try to emulate JOINs on a NoSQL DB ?
JOINs are n’t use all that often .
So it makes no real sense to emulate things like that .
Just tell everyone that it is limited support .
Manage expectations , then they ’re not going to complain that loudly .
Just return a UseADifferentDatabaseBackend traceback .
On some of these NoSQL databases , you could emulate JOINs .
So people will try it .
What are the write operations like ?
SQL loses some speed in reading , but is efficient in writing .
NoSQL seems to be the other way around with , depending on the database , weird hacks and caveats regarding writing .
Question : what sort of API should Django have for a pure key / value store like Redis ?
Map to dictionaries ?
Nothing .
Allow a bit of javascript .
Allow that to be plugged in by the one that uses a “ ORM ” - like mapper .
That provides lots of ( necessary ) customization .
There are a lot of new ways of querying in NoSQL that someone new is not immediately familiar with .
So ask around : for most problems there ’s an existing simple solution .
Question : how are other high - level web frameworks approaching this issue ?
Nobody has done it yet .
Rails is n’t doing it .
Sqlalchemy said “ which part of SQLalchemy did n’t you understand ? ” :-)
( Update : see Mike Bayer ’s comment below )
We call it a “ persistence layer for models ” instead of an “ ORM ” .
We have a shitty ORM but a good persistence layer for models .
So by accident we ’re pretty well positioned to at least attempt to support NoSQL as NoSQL is “ just ” another way of persisting models , technically .
Question : what about focusing on integrating with the forms , generic views and so on first and only worry about the ORM ( and corner cases ) later ?
That ’s basically how we normally work .
The first support for NoSQL in a release will be very basic .
The next release will probably mostly have various fixes and cleanups all over the place for the benefit of NoSQL .
So no big commit messages “ NoSQL support ” , but behind - the - scenes work .
We need NoSQL support NOW .
Model forms support for NoSQL can wait .
First the basic stuff .
Something like i18n pages are way simpler with schema - less NoSQL databases with their sub-structure support .
One of Django ’s strong points is the amount of reusable applications .
What about getting them to work transparently with NoSQL backends ?
Try it out from application to application and see what comes out .
Piston helped to get not an object , but a dictionary out of django .
That was the answer in that case , as a dictionary can be stored just fine in NoSQL .
Switching wo n’t happen .
It is a choice that you make in the beginning .
Switching from mysql to postgresql can already be a pain .
And I think something big like saatchmo wo n’t ever be able to support both sql and NoSQL .
Class - based views ( instead of view methods ) would help a lot .
It makes it much easier to selectively override / fix parts of a view ( in order to support NoSQL in this case ) .
Question : realistically , in which version can we expect some sort of NoSQL support ?
Not in 1.3 .
We already announced that it would be a quick short release with mostly bugfixes and cleanups .
We ’ll need much testing with NoSQL support .
At least 3 - 4 months of testing after a feature freeze .
So if we ’d want it in 1.3 , 1.3 would only come out 1.5 - 2 years from now and that ’s waaaaaay too late .
So probably 1.4 .
There is code around that helps you to already get it working .
So there ’ll be code in 1.3 to support that better .
But the real full NoSQL support will come later .
Question : what about keeping NoSQL backends out of the core and focusing instead on making adding backends easier ?
Rails already did this .
We ’re thinking about cutting the core up a bit and decoupling the release cycles of the parts .
It is quite easy to make a backend !
The backend API is very good and friendly .
Those who made that API did a great job .
In that sense , it is a solved problem .
Question : how to keep model forms and so working with the new databases ?
In 1994 , in Trondheim , five - year - old Silje Redergard was beaten to death by two little boys .
Today , the girl 's family still suffers and one of the boys is in trouble again – the echoes of the Bulger case are clear .
So why has the public reaction in Norway been so startlingly different ?
On the afternoon of 15 October 1994 , three young children , a girl aged five , and two six - year - old boys , were playing on a football field covered in freshly fallen snow .
Their parents were neighbours who did not know each other , but the children had played together before .
The three had been making " snow castles " , until the fun stopped .
Nobody knows why .
A childish disagreement ?
A tantrum , perhaps ?
Whatever it was it triggered a reaction in the boys that devastated a family and the community .
At some point while playing , the boys turned on the little girl , punching and kicking her and beating her with stones before stripping off her clothes .
Then they ran away , leaving her to die in the snow .
" Today , I 'm tougher than I was when it happened .
I 've been able to put things in perspective .
I 've had my chance to mourn , " says Beathe Redergard , the mother of Silje , the girl who was killed so close to her home , in a suburb of Trondheim , Norway .
" We did n't know that anything was wrong until a local boy came by and told us , " Redergard says .
" He was the one who first told us what had happened .
He was only eight - years - old , so we did n't know whether he was telling the truth .
We went over towards where it had happened and saw a group of police officers .
We were stopped and could n't get to Silje . "
The police , she says , had cordoned off the area .
" They asked us who we were , and then they put us in a police car and drove us to the station .
We were interviewed .
It looked like the murder could have something to do with sexual abuse because she was undressed , so the suspicion falls on the closest family members .
We were at the police station for a long time .
Afterwards , we were driven home .
It was almost 10 pm . "
Redergard , now 43 , and Silje 's stepfather , Jorgen Barlaup , 42 , assumed that the real killers , when found , would be adults .
It was n't until the following day that they discovered the truth , and in the most shocking manner .
" One of the people who'd tried to resuscitate Silje , we went over to her house to say thanks .
We thought we should thank her for trying , " says Redergard .
Barlaup explains what happened inside the house .
" The woman told us that she 'd done so much to try to save Silje .
I was sitting with her son on my lap .
Then she said it was him and another boy that had done it .
" I looked at the boy and asked him , ' What did you do ? '
He said , ' I jumped on her because I thought she was sleeping . '
Then he said he took off her clothes because he thought she was sleeping .
When we found out he had done it , we left .
It was too difficult .
I wanted to throttle him and be done with it .
When I realised that I almost wanted to kill him , we left . "
The case of Silje Redergard is often compared to that of James Bulger , who was beaten , tortured and killed by Robert Thompson and Jon Venables after they took him from a shopping centre in Bootle , Liverpool , 20 months earlier .
There were significant differences , of course .
James 's killers were four years older than the boys who killed Silje ; James was three years younger than their victim .
The three Norwegian children knew each other and were playing , whereas Thompson and Venables were strangers who stole James away from his mother .
And in Trondheim there was no CCTV image such as the one that would become etched in our national psyche .
But perhaps the most significant difference was that , in Britain , the authorities decided to let the nation judge the child killers .
Trying Thompson and Venables as adults and releasing names and mugshots unleashed a countrywide roar of anguish that can still be heard today – much to the disadvantage of any damaged child who behaves badly to another , and who needs help rather than " justice " .
What Silje 's story demonstrates is that it need n't have been that way .
" At first there was a lynch mob atmosphere [ in the town ] , " her mother says .
" Everybody wanted to know who had done it .
Once we got to know that it was these little boys who'd done it , that lynch mob mood died down . "
Beathe Redergard says she " felt bad " for the boys even in the middle of her grief , because they were " just little kids " .
Why two little boys should have inflicted such terrible violence on a playmate will never be known .
" We beat her till she stopped crying , " one of them later told the police , a clue perhaps as to why the viciousness of the attack escalated , but not as to why it should have occurred in the first place .
Everyone agreed that something must have been out of kilter psychologically .
There were reports that one of the boys had been sexually abused before the attack .
Nobody said the boys were evil .
Neither were they branded criminal – and nor would they have been , even if they had been the same age as Thompson and Venables , who were both aged 10 when they killed James .
In Norway , the age of criminal responsibility is 15 .
The death of a child at the hands of other children is rare , and of huge national interest wherever it occurs .
In Trondheim , Norway 's third largest city , 500 km north - west of Oslo , there had been just two murders in the previous six years .
What happened to Silje Redergard could have been the news event of the decade .
But in contrast to the vengeful rage of the popular press in the UK towards the Bulger killers , there was no sensational reporting of her death in the Norwegian press .
On the day after Silje 's body was discovered there were no pictures or descriptions of her in Norwegian newspapers , neither did they give her name .
The names of the boys , too , were never revealed to the public – and their anonymity has been protected and respected to this day , even though many people ( not least Silje 's parents ) know who they are .
Harry Tiller , the journalist who covered the story for the Adresseavisen , Trondheim 's biggest selling newspaper , explains why .
" In the local community , everybody knew who these boys were .
That was the big difference between Norway and England , that the names were never mentioned [ in the press ] .
It was never an issue to identify them at any level .
We have some debates in Norway about identifying criminals , but when it comes to children , it 's never an issue .
It was never discussed in the newsroom .
They were six - years - old , but even if they were 11 , it would not have been an issue . "
The various professionals involved in the case were at pains to calm the local community .
In the days after the killing , meetings were convened in the local school for parents and children , which were attended by police officers and psychologists .
Information was disseminated quickly , and professional support was offered immediately .
The efforts made to contain the tragedy were huge .
Within a couple of weeks the two boys were enrolled in another local infants school .
Speaking in 2001 , Trond Andreasson , the head psychologist involved in Trondheim 's child services agency , recalled the meetings that he held with the parents whose children they would be joining .
" We explained that these boys would start there and what we would do to keep everybody safe , " he said .
" The parents of the other children accepted this situation and a lot of parents thought that these children needed to be in the kindergarten and needed to be taken care of . "
Aase Prytz Slettemoen , who managed the caseworker responsible for supervising the care of the boys for eight years after Silje 's death is clear about Norway 's policy of avoiding the criminalisation of the young .
" We do n't believe in prison for youngsters , " she says , " so we think that if we can help them in any other way , that 's what we should do . "
Clearly , great care was taken to ensure that the two boys were protected rather than punished .
The boys are now 21 .
Prytz Slettemoen is adamant that there have been no serious problems .
" Neither of them have been involved in violence or criminal activities .
They 've done quite well , " she says .
In Norway , child protection services maintain their relationship with troubled children until they reach 18 .
At that point they are considered to be adults and are given the choice of making their own way , or maintaining contact with the children 's agency up to the age of 23 .
After that they may choose to maintain a relationship with adult services . "
Prytz Slettemoen would not say whether either of the boys had taken that route .
" When they are 18 , they are grownups in the eyes of the law , so then they can say ' No , thank you ' if they do n't want help anymore .
If they say no at 18 , we can ask them again at 19 if they 're sure .
They do n't always know what 's best when they are 18 . "
Nothing is known about one of the boys who killed Silje , but there is evidence that , despite interventions by teams of professionals , the other boy – the one who sat on her stepfather Barlaup 's lap , the one he wanted to " throttle , " – continues to struggle psychologically with the consequences of his actions .
Margareth Rosenvinge works in a Trondheim branch of Kirkens Bymisjon , a mission connected to Norway 's state church .
Rosenvinge says the boy has been coming to the mission for about a year or so .
" I 'm in touch with him pretty much every day , " she says .
" He does n't have a home .
He stays with friends or sometimes out on the streets with other drug users .
He 'll sleep one night here , one night there .
Sometimes he sleeps in the church . "
How much does she know about his life ?
" I just know he 's been involved with child protection services and he had such traumatic experiences as a kid , " she says .
" He 's self - medicating , using alcohol , pills and amphetamines .
Life is too hard , and the drugs let him relax .
It helps him deal with the everyday .
There 's no joy in his life ...
He 's still a young man , but he has no life .
He 's literally living in a nightmare . "
Does he ever cause trouble at the mission ?
" He 's very reserved , " she says , " a very nice and calm boy .
He seems careful and shy .
He never causes trouble .
A lot of the guests here at the church mission lead a life of drugs .
They can be a big challenge for us to handle , but he 's never caused any problems . "
The legacy of Silje 's killing runs deep for her family , too .
Not a day passes when they do not think about her , says Barlaup .
And what do they think of the two boys who killed her now ?
" We 've forgiven them for being children , " he says , " but we 'll never forgive them for what they did , if that makes sense ...
If we 'd gone around hating children afterward , we would n't be able to love our own children , and we remember Silje best by loving our kids .
I mean , Silje wo n't come walking through the door . "
Redergard 's sympathy for her daughter 's killers has lessened over the years .
" It 's really hard .
When it happened , the fact that they were just kids – it was hard to understand that little kids could do something like that .
Afterward , I 've run into [ one of the boys ] in town .
He 'll run up to us and say , ' I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry , ' but it does n't help . "
The impact on Redergard and her family has been enormous .
" Not long afterward we moved to another part of town ... basically to the other side of town .
It was a little too hard to stay in the same place .
If we stayed there , we 'd risk running into [ Silje 's killers ] .
Now , we 're separated from them by the E6 . "
The way she speaks about the E6 , a multilane highway , brings to mind some kind of moat , an impassable barrier that will keep out the past .
Redergard has had another child , too .
Thomas , who will turn five this year , was born more than a decade after Silje 's murder .
But nothing could shield Silje 's elder brother and sister from the impact of her death .
" My kids have had their own psychological problems because they miss their sister , " says Redergard .
" My son was two - years - old when it happened .
Now he 's 17 and he still finds it difficult .
At one point , he even ran into one of the boys in town ...
He found that really hard .
And my kids have had a hard time at school .
My eldest daughter who was old enough when it happened to understand – she 's needed a lot of help .
She and Silje were really close .
It was almost like they were one person .
They were only a few years apart .
It was like she lost half of herself .
" You know , when Silje walked out the door that day she told us that she loved us .
That was the last thing she said to us , ' I love you . '
It was weird .
She usually would tell us that when she was going to bed , but not when she was going out to play .
It 's like it was fated . "
That Silje 's family should continue to feel the pain of her loss so deeply all these years later is no surprise .
That the boy who killed her should bear the scars despite the efforts to help him is also to be expected , perhaps .
But what is strange – at least to British eyes – is that the people of Norway appear to have forgiven and forgotten .
The debate has been had and people have learned what they can .
In Britain , the outcry over the Bulger case is still in full voice , with crowds baying for Venables ' blood .
When asked how she thinks the response to her tragedy in Norway compares to how the UK responded to the that killing , Redergard is surprisingly circumspect .
" The system we have in Norway is still best , " she says .
Any young person who wants to be a novelist should of course be a reader as well .
But some novels can be more hazard than inspiration .
They are often well - written , but their effects have generally been disastrous : they inspired younger writers to imitate them , they created awful new genres that debased readers ' tastes , or they promoted literary or social values that we could very much do without .
Here Comes the ' Propaganda Novel ' read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
Here are ten 20th - century novels that have done more harm than good to apprentice writers .
My list is both entirely subjective ( I am a scarred victim of several of them ) and in no particular order .
Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand .
This at least has the virtue of being so widely read and discussed that we do n't really need to read it ourselves .
I tried a couple of times and bogged down badly .
Others apparently found Rand 's novel an inspiring political blueprint ; they are numerous enough to form hazards to navigation on the Internet , not to mention Rand 's impact on Alan Greenspan .
Perhaps significantly , no successful novelists have carried on in her tradition .
The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger .
Mark Twain made the American vernacular a literary language ; Salinger tried to do the same for the American adolescent whine .
We who read Catcher as teenagers in the 1950s and ' 60s at once considered ourselves free to babble on paper just the way we did over coffee and cigarettes .
It was certainly easier than learning how to write a straightforward sentence expressing something more than teen angst .
For Whom the Bell Tolls by Ernest Hemingway .
As a kid , I knew a few veterans of the International Brigades who 'd actually fought in Spain instead of reporting on it , as Hemingway had .
They called this novel For Whom the Bull Throws .
But Hemingway 's style was fatally imitable , and I dropped my plagiarism of Salinger to plagiarize Hemingway instead .
Politically , Hemingway did n't know what he was talking about , but it sounded cool to spend your days blowing up fascists and your nights in a sleeping bag with a hot Spanish babe .
The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien .
When I stopped plagiarizing Hemingway , I plagiarized Tolkien .
It was n't the old master 's fault , and I got over it .
But thousands of others created a literary Mordor : mass - market industrial fantasy , where the orcs , elves and dwarves march past like the North Korean army .
The Big Sleep by Raymond Chandler .
Hemingway 's greatest influence was on hardboiled detective writers like Dashiell Hammett , who actually did some good work .
Then Chandler came along with private eye Philip Marlow , more poached than hardboiled .
Chandler wrote entirely too well , stacking up bizarre similes and metaphors like so many poker chips in a high - stakes game of roulette in some lost casino of the soul .
So to speak .
Not until Elmore Leonard would crime fiction finally free itself of Chandler 's self - conscious style .
Love Story by Erich Segal .
This one took me only 45 minutes to read , and half a second to fling across the room .
All by itself , it made the 1970s a lost decade .
USA by John Dos Passos .
In the 1920s , Dos Passos was an interestingly experimental writer , breaking up his narrative with " newsreels " and sidebars about current events and celebrities .
I thought he was tough and gritty , but when I revisited this endless trilogy a few years ago , I found the narrative unreadable no matter how it was broken up .
Dos Passos eventually migrated from the Marxist left to the Buckley right , without improving as a writer .
On the Road by Jack Kerouac .
Circa 1957 , my friends and I at Santa Monica High loved
On the Road and the other novels that gushed from Kerouac 's typewriter .
Once again we learned that babble is good , and we ignored Truman Capote 's dismissal : " That 's not writing , that 's typing . "
I did n't really recover until 1965 , when I wrote my first novel .
I was in the army , and the discipline must have made a difference : the novel was bad , but bad on its own terms and not on Kerouac's .
Blood Meridian by Cormac McCarthy .
This hand - embroidered depiction of rape and slaughter is all too typical of current " literature . "
The more metaphors and similes you can throw in where they do n't belong , the more the critics praise you .
The effect is like eating a nice firm dog turd garnished with whipped cream and a cherry on top , served on a fine porcelain plate with a silver spoon .
Lord of the Flies by William Golding .
Well , we know all British writers hated the boys ' schools their parents consigned them to .
Nasty schoolboys are still a dismal metaphor for civilization , even if it 's clangingly obvious to an audience genuinely scared of nuclear war .
Sucks to your pretensions , Willy .
Good but dangerous
The good but dangerous books are a different matter .
They have a powerful effect on us , but only gross incompetents would be dumb enough to try to imitate them .
Wuthering Heights and Jane Eyre launched countless romance novels and family sagas , but the Brontës were at an extreme of talent ; their successors have regressed to the mean , and then some .
Some novels are good but dangerous because they leave us dumbfounded .
After Ulysses , what more can we say about the mythic echoes in modern life ?
Even Scott Fitzgerald could n't come up with a novel that could match The Great Gatsby , so how could we ?
I re-read One Hundred Years of Solitude every few years .
Every time , I find that the Maestro has broken still more of the rules we ordinary mortals must obey if we want to tell a story .
Unless you 're a born sorcerer , do n't play with magic realism .
The bad novels give us at least this consolation :
If those nincompoops could break into print , and even sell millions of copies , then we nincompoops ought to be able to do at least as well .
Preventative measures can save the writing life of a young person .
What are your picks for novels aspiring authors should avoid at all costs ?
Post comment below !
C - Span put 20 + years of archives online .
The first thing we did : search for bad words .
Here is a classic clip from the Clarence Thomas hearings , of Utah Senator Orrin Hatch saying " Long Dong Silver " over and over again .
President Hugo Chavez said on 27 May that 21st Century Socialism will tear down ( “ derribar ” ) the “ three pillars of the capitalist system . ”
Chavez says that the three pillars his revolution aims to demolish are private banking , imports and land ownership .
Referring to what ’s left of Venezuela ’s traditional productive sectors , Chavez says that “ they control two - thirds of the banking system .
They give loans to each other and live from public deposits .
They cheat in one and a hundred ways . ”
Chavez warned that he may order all public deposits withdrawn immediately from the private banking system .
A couple of weeks ago he threatened that if private banks do n’t start to fund his regime ’s social programs with loans he might seize the banks .
Chavez also is determined to reduce imports significantly .
He dismisses the economy ’s 5.8 % contraction in first quarter 2010 as being part of the necessary collapse of the capitalist system .
Never mind that Venezuela is extraordinarily dependent on imports for everything , including its food supply .
Venezuela ’s future industrial development depends “ almost exclusively on agricultural development , ” he said on 27 May .
Chavez ’s nutty remarks tend to confirm several things :
* The regime has a critical cash flow crunch .
It ’s almost out of money , literally .
That ’s why Chavez wants to replicate the special Venezuela - China loan - for - oil money mechanisms with other countries .
He ’s fishing for cash anywhere he can get it .
If forced to choose between allowing imports needed to keep the economy running , or curbing imports sharply to direct more of the country ’s dwindling cash supply to revolutionary activities ( i.e. keeping Chavez in power ) , the president will screw the economy in a heartbeat .
* Chavez is on the brink of seizing many ( all ) of the country ’s private banks in order to take the money owned by depositors and spend it on keeping his criminal regime afloat a while longer .
It ’s the people ’s money and must be used for the nation ’s economic development , he said on 27 May .
Chavez apparently thinks the private banks are hiding mountains of cash , which is n’t true .
And apparently he thinks that people who deposit their savings in private banks are not “ pueblo . ”
* The revolution also plans to seize full control of the food sector , from the farm to the grocery store shelf .
This is a strategy inspired by Chavez ’s Cuban advisers .
If the state has total control of the national food supply , it can control the people .
This has been the case in Cuba , and Chavez ’s advisers apparently ( and mistakenly ) think that it can be replicated in Bolivarian Venezuela .
Chavez is trying to survive at any cost until his fortunes ( i.e. oil prices ) rise again .
That wo n’t happen in the near - term , certainly not before the 26 September legislative elections .
In fact , the imploding Greek economy threatens to drag Spain and Portugal in its wake and derail the Eurozone , causing ripple effects in the US particularly , and China .
If anything , oil prices may go down again over the next 6 - 12 months .
Chavez also announced a week ago that Venezuela will raise crude production by 300,000 b/d starting at end -2010 , and within three years or so add 1 million b/d of crude production to its current official output of just over 3 million b/d , which of course is BS , real output being closer to 2.1 million b/d .
The president said this will be done mainly with China ’s help ( Cuba is very big in Venezuela now , but China soon could eclipse Cuba , if Chavez has his way ) .
But Chavez is talking trash .
Pdvsa does n’t have the cash to carry out its 60 % end of whatever financing is needed for the Orinoco production deals it has signed with the Chinese , Russians , Cubans , Italians , Vietnamese , Angolans , Repsol , Chevron , etc .
Chavez is focused increasingly on the legislative elections , where it looks like the regime will get a “ people ’s ” whuppin ’ that will cost the PSUV control of the legislature .
Caracas Gringo thinks that Chavez will cheat to retain control of the National Assembly if he can’t win fairly .
But even if Chavez admits defeat , the regime is rapidly setting up its parallel Federal Council / Communal Council system that will effectively strip all power and financial resources from the traditional municipal and state authorities elected by voters .
If Chavez loses control of the legislature , it too will be displaced by the new centralized ( in Chavez ’s hands ) federal system .
Opposition legislators who think they will have a real voice and vote in the next National Assembly should consider the plight of Greater Caracas Mayor Antonio Ledezma , who was effectively neutralized as soon as he won the elections when Chavez stripped his office of all funding and set up a parallel authority to govern Greater Caracas .
However , the revolution is n’t invincible , according to no less an authority than Ilich Ramírez Sánchez aka Carlos the Jackal , who is serving a life prison sentence in France for murdering three French police officers in 1975 .
During a recent telephone interview from the prison at Poissy with an AFP reporter in the office of the Venezuelan terrorist ’s French wife and attorney , Isabelle Coutant Peyre , “ Carlos ” said that Chavez is alive today “ thanks to Fidel and Raul … thanks to Ramiro Valdes … But one bullet and the revolution in Venezuela is finished because it would not resist the death of Chavez . ”
The typical " A - Team , " consisting of Jack , Kate , Sawyer , Locke and Sayid , with Claire .
" A - Missions " is a term for when the primary survivors undertook a mission , such as capturing Ethan Rom ( " Homecoming " ) or escaping from the Hydra Island ( " Not in Portland " ) .
The term was coined by Charlie ( a frequent mission - goer who , in his own opinion , fell short of being a member of the " A - Team " ) ( " Everybody Hates Hugo " ) and later referenced by Sawyer ( " Exposé " ) .
An " A - Mission " refers to a mission undertaken by the Lost " A - Team " , which usually included a combination of Jack , Kate , Sawyer , Locke , and Sayid .
The " A - Team , " minus Sayid , discuss a response to the attack on Sun. Ana Lucia is seen as the Tailie equivalent of an " A - Team member . "
“ LOCKE :
You want to tell me why you 've been following me , Charlie ?
CHARLIE : Yeah .
Quite simply , John , there are a lot of secrets around here , and I 'm tired of being at the bloody kid 's table .
I got Claire 's baby back .
I did n't go swanning off to the Black Rock on the bloody A - Team mission , but I would have if someone had asked me .
”
Contents show ]
Definition
The remnants of the " A - Team , " return to the Island on Ajira 316 to find their destiny .
Charlie 's definition is used for the purposes of this article .
To be considered an " A - Mission " , at least one " A - Team " member must be present for the entirety of the mission .
The " A - Team " consists initially of Jack , Kate , Sawyer , Locke and Sayid .
Sun became powerful after the Oceanic 6 and soon began to participate more actively in the off - Island " A - Missions . "
Ana Lucia , Ben , Juliet , Charlotte , Miles , Daniel , and Ilana soon joined them from the Tailies , the Others , the Freighter , and Jacob 's bodyguards , respectively .
An " A - Mission " is further defined here as a quest which departs from the main body of the survivors and involves either rescue , assistance to another , or betterment of the survivor community as a whole .
Therefore , missions such as when Sawyer went hunting for the boar or tree frog do not fall on the term " A - Mission " as these were personal quests .
A mission by supportive or independent survivors is a " B - Mission " ; an Others mission is an " O - Mission " ; a Freighter mission is an " F - Mission " , and a mission by Widmore 's team in Season 6 is an S - Mission .
All are interpreted as reactions in the form of supplements or responses to the " A - Missions " .
Members
Picture Name Status Role Overview Kate Alive Semi-leader , tracker Kate has been on the most " A - Team " missions , but as a secondary to Jack , Locke or Sayid .
She has proved a most skilled tracker and the nature of her missions has typically been to help Jack in some way .
Sawyer Alive Leader , con artist Sawyer goes on missions when he wants to and , unlike the rest of the A - Team , he does n't do it for the good of the camp ( though he will help out Kate from time to time ) .
Sawyer is a valuable member as he will kill if he needs to and can lead lesser survivors if the dominant members of the " A - Team " are indisposed .
Hurley Alive Semi-leader , cook A former member of B - Team , Hurley has also been in several A - Missions .
He is one of the last three canditates .
Became an A - member in Season 6 .
He is currently the only one who can communicate with Jacob .
Jack Dead Leader , doctor / surgeon Jack acted as leader of the survivors for the entire 108 days spent surviving on the Island due to his highly - desired skills with medicine and protective tendencies .
He has a habit of taking the leadership role on every mission he goes on and this sometimes makes him clash with Locke .
Sayid Dead Semi-leader , technical skills , interrogator , soldier Sayid was a very active member of the " A - Team , " always providing support to the leaders .
He had many skills that helped in the missions .
These included technological knowledge , diplomacy , torture , and fixing technical equipment .
Sun Dead Semi-leader , corporate power , translator Initially a subordinate translator to her husband Jin , Sun became a prominent member of the " A - Team " over the false belief that Jin had perished on the Freighter .
Her goal in more recent " A - missions " was re-uniting with her long - lost husband ; she was aided by her cold demeanor and hostile takeover of her father 's corporate industry .
Locke Dead Leader , hunter , tracker Locke kept his own agenda as a leader and joined " A - Team " missions with input and advice but originally delegated his power to Jack .
After tensions flared over control , Locke started to break away from the survivors and lead in his own fashion .
He assumed control of the survivors when most of the " A - Team " was captured by Michael 's betrayal , but joined the Others soon after and realized his potential to the Island , though never formally led them .
Juliet Dead Semi-leader , doctor / fertility researcher , former - Other Juliet defected to the survivors when she grew tired of Ben 's lies and machinations that had plagued her life on the Island for the last three years .
Being a doctor and having a relatively intimate knowledge of the Others ' facilities on the Island , she provided strong support for the leader of most " A - Missions . "
Ana Lucia Dead Leader , interrogator Ana Lucia assumed authoritarian control of the tail section survivors and endured aggressive tactics by the Others to kidnap her people .
She eventually merged her tribe with the middle section survivors ' beach camp , during which time she played an active role in " A - Team " planning and preparation .
Season 1
The 1st Season established the " A - Mission " as being one of an exploratory or survival nature being undertaken by strictly the middle section survivors of Oceanic Flight 815 .
This began the inception of the " A - Team " comprised of Jack , Kate , Locke , Sawyer , and Sayid .
Find the Cockpit
Find the Cockpit Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Pilot , Part 1 " A Team Members : Jack , Kate Also Involved : Charlie Mission :
To locate the cockpit in order to salvage the plane 's transceiver .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Jack knew that a transceiver was in the cockpit of Oceanic 815 , and sought to recover it , along with Kate , who wanted to avoid a gathering , and Charlie , possibly to relocate his stash of heroine .
Discoveries :
The location of the cockpit , the threat and destructive capabilities of the Monster , successfully finding a functional transceiver , the Pilot 's account of events preceding the crash Relation to Lost storyline :
This was the first " A - Mission , " or quest , by the survivors , and introduced Jack as a leader - type , as well as the thread of his relationship with Kate .
The unusual nature of the Island was introduced , through the Monster and the pilot 's explanations of how they had crashed .
Send a Transmission
Send a Transmission Outcome : Failed Episodes : " Pilot , Part 2 " A Team Members : Kate , Sawyer , Sayid Also Involved : Charlie , Shannon , Boone Mission :
To aquire a signal and send a transmission to the outside world .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Sayid had summized that the transceiver retrieved from the cockpit needed to be taken to higher ground to acquire a better signal and possibly contact rescue .
Discoveries : Danielle Rousseau 's transmission ( on a loop for 16 years ) , the existence of a polar bear on the Island Relation to Lost storyline :
While a signal was achieved , a French woman 's transmission was repeating on a loop from an unknown broadcast tower .
This blocked any ability by the survivors to send their own transmission , as well as give them doubts about rescue as the transmission had been playing for 16 years .
Hunt for Boar
Hunt for Boar Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Walkabout " A Team Members : Kate , Locke Also Involved : Michael Mission :
To gather food for the survivors camp .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Due to a lack of food on the Island readily available to the survivors , Locke offered his hunting skills and knives to the group and offered to lead a hunt for wild boar .
He set off on a hunt with Kate and Michael .
Discoveries : Locke was the first survivor to see the Monster head - on ( he later described it to Jack as " beautiful " ) , boar exist and are capable of providing food to survivors .
Relation to Lost storyline : Locke 's encounter with the Monster proved uneventful , and he later returned to the survivor 's camp with a freshly - killed boar that the survivors ate while Claire hosted a ceremony to pay homage to the crash 's dead .
Triangulate the French Transmission
Triangulate the French Transmission Outcome : Failed Episodes : " The Moth " A Team Members : Kate , Sawyer , Sayid Also Involved : Shannon , Boone Mission :
To discover the source of the signal and the location of the Radio Tower .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Previously , the transmission by a woman speaking French had been discovered , so Sayid had formulated a plan for himself , Kate , and Boone to coordinate a triangulation of the transmission 's source to help their efforts to attract rescue .
Discoveries : A signal could be gained , the Radio tower was still operational , a saboteur existed Relation to Lost storyline : Sawyer and Shannon stepped in when Kate and Boone rushed to the Caves to aid Jack and Charlie who had been trapped in a cave - in , but the flares went off as planned .
However , Sayid was knocked unconscious by an unknown assailant , and his radio was destroyed .
Explore the Shoreline of the Island
Explore the Shoreline of the Island Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Confidence Man " , " Solitary " A Team Members : Sayid Also Involved : Danielle Rousseau Mission : " ... to walk the shore and map the island , see what else there is . "
- Sayid Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Feeling guilt and a need to repent for torturing Sawyer for Shannon 's asthma inhalers ( which he never had ) , Sayid left camp to map the shoreline .
Discoveries : Cable on the beach , Danielle Rousseau , science expedition , Rousseau 's camp , the Sickness , the existence of the Others , Alex , Danielle 's maps .
Relation to Lost storyline : Sayid discovered a cable that led into the jungle but he was snared in a trap before reaching the hub .
The French woman , who later identified herself as Danielle Rousseau , brought him to her shelter and interrogated him about her daughter Alex while telling him of her experience on the Island with a disease that ravaged her team and the mysterious " Others . "
He escaped with her maps while she was hunting , but ran into her while escaping .
She mentioned that she heard other people ( but not seen them ) on the island whispering when her child was taken .
Rescue Charlie and Claire
Trap Ethan
Trap Ethan Outcome : Half - accomplished ; the capture of Ethan was successful , but Charlie killed him immediately after thus preventing any information from being gathered .
Episodes : " Homecoming " A Team Members : Jack , Kate , Sawyer , Locke , Sayid Also Involved : Claire , Charlie Mission :
To capture Ethan and interrogate him .
Corresponding O- Mission : Retake Claire Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : After Ethan silently made his presence known to Charlie , he demanded Claire 's return or else he would kill one survivor every day Charlie did not comply .
After Scott was found murdered the next day , Jack assembled a team to trap Ethan and interrogate him by using Claire as bait .
Discoveries : Ethan could infiltrate the survivors beach camp from the ocean ( likely though use of the submarine ) Relation to Lost storyline : Although nothing new was learned from Ethan , the relationship between Charlie and Claire redeveloped .
This also led to increased suspicion that there were Others out there and to be more careful .
Claire 's two - week memory gap would be revisited in her pursuits later on .
Note :
This is the only mission in which all " A - Team " members were present .
Get a Battery for the Raft
Search for the Beechcraft
Search for the Beechcraft Outcome : Half - accomplished ; the beechcraft was successfully located , but it failed to be the sign Locke wanted .
It also inadvertently led to Boone 's death .
Episodes : " Deus Ex Machina " A Team Members : Locke Also Involved : Boone Mission :
To find the beechcraft airplane , believing it to be a sign meant to help them .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Locke has a a dream in which a beechcraft crashes into a mountain while he reverts back to a wheelchair and a bloodied Boone chants robotically .
When he wakes up , Locke convinces Boone to abandon their pursuits on entering the Hatch to instead search for the beechcraft airplane that Locke saw in one of his visions .
Discoveries :
The beechcraft , contact with unknown outside sources , light inside the Hatch Relation to Lost storyline : Locke and Boone trek into the jungle to find a plane that Locke saw in one of his visions .
However , Boone 's expedition up the ridge and into the plane yielded nothing except dead bodies , Nigerian maps , and heroine - filled Virgin Mary statues .
Locke 's faith was tested by this worthless discovery , but worsened when ( upon making a Mayday signal ) the plane fell from the ridge and Boone was severely injured .
This may have been the sign Locke wanted all along , for if not for Boone 's injuries , Locke would never have been sobbing and beating his fists upon the Hatch that night , prompting the man inside the Hatch to abort his attempted suicide and turn on the spotlight , giving Locke hope once more .
Save Boone 's Life
Save Boone's Life Outcome : Failed Episodes : " Do No Harm " A Team Members : Jack Also Involved : Charlie , Michael , Sun Mission : To save Boone 's life .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Boone was severely injured due to his fall from the beechcraft .
Jack tried to treat his wounds but was unable to due to Boone 's severe loss of blood and Locke misinforming Jack of the cause of injury .
While Jack and Sun prepared for a blood transfusion , Charlie tried to find Shannon , who was a possible donor , but she was nowhere to be found .
Discoveries : Jack learns about the Hatch for the first time Relation to Lost storyline : Jack soon asks Michael for help for a possible amputation .
Boone , however , stopped them and decided it was his time to go .
Boone succumbed to his wounds and died , mentioning Shannon in his last breath .
This would mark the first division between Jack and Locke , because Jack never fully trusted Locke again believing him to have lied about Boone 's cause of injury and thus inadvertently leading to his death .
Shannon also became helpless and found no one to take care of her anymore , lashing out against Sayid when he tried to comfort her .
Give Birth to Aaron
Give Birth to Aaron Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Do No Harm " A Team Members : Kate Also Involved : Charlie , Claire , Jin Mission :
To deliver Claire 's baby safely .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Kate , en route to find supplies to save Boone 's life , found Claire on the verge of giving birth and in need of help .
Kate reported this to Jack who was preoccupied with treating Boone , so Kate , Charlie , and Jin had to be in charge of the delivery of the baby .
Discoveries : None Relation to Lost storyline : Claire successfully gave birth to her baby , leading to a relationship with him and securing his well - being .
The mystery surrounding the Others and their obsession over her pregnancy would be revisited when Claire 's amnesia would wear off .
Travel to the Black Rock
Journey by Raft
Rescue Aaron
Open the Hatch
Open the Hatch Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Exodus , Part 2 " A Team Members : Jack , Locke , Kate Also Involved : Hurley Mission :
To open the Hatch and to hide everyone inside to save them from the Others .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : As per Rousseau ’s warning , the Others were supposedly on their way .
Since the journey to the Black Rock had proved successful , the survivors now had dynamite with which to open the Hatch .
While Locke had secretly planned for weeks to open the Hatch in order to find his destiny , Jack was more in favor of doing so to provide the other survivors with a sanctuary if the Others did in fact show up .
Discoveries :
The numbers on the side of the Hatch Relation to Lost storyline : Despite Hurley 's objections , the Hatch door was blown clean off by the dynamite .
This led Locke to believe that he had finally accomplished his mission and that all of the hardships and failures he had endured on the Island ( as well as in his previous life ) were all leading up to this accomplishment .
Yet , the Hatch extended far deeper into the ground than anyone had expected , which caused apprehension in Jack and Kate .
Season Breakdown
Season 1 - Percentage Successful
53.3 % ( 8/15 )
Season 1 - Percentage Half - accomplished
20.0 % ( 3/15 )
Season 1 - Percentage Failed
26.7 % ( 4/15 )
Season 2
The beginning of Season 2 ties up the transition from Season 1 .
The mission " Journey by Raft " is the aftermath of the previous season 's encounter with the Others , and also serves to introduces the Tailies , who are featured centrally in Season 2 , as Ana Lucia joins the A - Mission squad through virtue of leading the Tailies for 48 days .
The entry into the Hatch serves to introduce the survivors to the DHARMA Initiative as they are forced to push a button every 108 minutes for an indefinite amount of time , leading to Locke 's destiny being jeopardized .
Furthermore , Walt 's abduction from the raft sets the stage for several attempts made by Michael to rescue Walt from the Others .
Also , the rivalry between the survivors and the Others gains momentum .
Explore the Hatch
Push the Button
Escape from “ the Others ”
Return to the Beach Camp
Tail Section ( Pt. 1 ) : Survive on the Beach
Tail Section ( Pt. 2 ) : Maintain the Signal Fire
Tail Section ( Pt. 3 ) : Imprison the Spy
Tail Section ( Pt. 3 ) : Imprison the Spy Outcome : Half - Accomplished ; Nathan was successfully captured and interrogated in the pit for several days , but was released and killed by Goodwin ( the true spy ) under cover of darkness .
Episodes : " The Other 48 Days " A Team Members : Ana Lucia Also Involved : Eko , Libby , Bernard , Cindy , Goodwin Mission :
To imprison Nathan and find out where the kids are .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background :
With the signal fire abandoned , Ana Lucia grew suspicious of a fellow survivor named Nathan who claimed to be from Canada and could not be confirmed to be on the plane by any other survivor .
Discoveries : Goodwin ’s allegiance to the Others , Nathan was on the plane Relation to Lost storyline : After Nathan had been imprisoned in the tiger pit and he refused to cooperate with Ana Lucia ’s interrogations , her fellow survivors ( such as Bernard and Libby ) began to turn on Ana Lucia and argue that her methods were too extreme .
When Goodwin released and killed Nathan that night , Ana Lucia assumed that the Others had freed him .
Tail Section ( Pt. 4 ) : Explore the Arrow
Tail Section ( Pt. 5 ) : Test the Short - Wave Radio
Retrieve Shannons Body
Retrieve Shannon's Body Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Collision " A Team Members : Jack , Sayid , Ana Lucia Also Involved : Eko Mission :
To bring Shannon ’s body back to the beach camp for a proper burial .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Sayid lays Shannon 's body down , and advances with his gun on a guilt - stricken Ana Lucia , only to be wrestled down by Eko .
When he gains the upper hand and is about to shoot Eko , Ana Lucia knocks him unconscious from behind .
She strips Sawyer ’s stretcher to bind Sayid to a nearby tree , and a hostage situation ensues .
Discoveries :
The tail section survivors and the mid-section survivors realizing each other ’s existence , Shannon ’s death , Sayid truly loved Shannon Relation to Lost storyline :
As , Ana Lucia ’s allies start to question her sanity , Eko , believing Sawyer will die if not immediately treated for his injuries , defies Ana and brings Sawyer back to the beach camp .
He runs into Jack and Kate on the way and they bring Sawyer tothe Swan .
Eko tells them a girl was killed whom they immediately identify as Shannon .
Michael runs back and finds them , telling them that Sayid is being held prisoner .
As Eko brings an unarmed Jack to the site , Bernard and Libby abandon Ana Lucia , as she lets Sayid go out of self - loathing .
Sayid carries Shannon ’s body past Jack , who realizes that his supposed enemy is the woman he flirted with at the airport before the flight .
Track Michael
Track Michael Outcome : Failed Episodes : " The Hunting Party " A Team Members : Jack , Locke , Sawyer , Kate Also Involved : Michael Mission :
To find Michael and bring him back to camp safely .
Corresponding O- Mission : Capture Michael Corresponding F- Mission : None Background :
While examining the Swan 's computer , Michael saw that , for the first time , the computer could be used to communicate with outsiders .
Walt somehow was sending messages to the Swan computer , and Michael reciprocated in secret .
Days later , Michael knocked out Locke in the Swan armory and imprisoned Jack in there as well , as he hiked north to find his son .
Discoveries : Tom , the Others ' line , the Others are great in number Relation to Lost storyline : Jack , Locke , and Sawyer began to arm up and chase after Michael , telling Kate to stay behind .
Shortly into the trip , the three of them heard several gunshots and quickened their pace , yet still did not find Michael .
As night fell , Locke told Jack he had lost the trail , at which point , Tom appeared from the shadows and gave the three an ultimatum : either leave their guns and return to their camp or else he would shoot Kate ( who had come along after all and had gotten captured ) .
Jack relented , and the four returned to camp without Michael .
It was at this point that Jack approached Ana Lucia about starting an army .
Interrogate " Henry Gale "
Piece Together Claire's Memory
Search for “ Henry 's ” Balloon
Search for Henry's Balloon Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " The Whole Truth " , " Lockdown " A Team Members : Sayid , Ana Lucia Also Involved : Charlie Mission :
To find Henry Gale 's balloon , and confirm whether he was telling the truth about himself .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background :
To convince his captors of his truthfulness , “ Henry ” drew a map to a balloon that was mentioned in his story .
Ana Lucia , who was brought in to question the captive “ Henry , ” took the map to Sayid and Charlie since she believed telling Jack and Locke would only further their growing hostility toward one another .
The three embarked on a journey across the Island to find the balloon with a smiley face on the top .
Discoveries :
The balloon , the prisoner ’s tale about being “ Henry Gale ” was false ; the real Henry Gale 's grave , the real Henry Gale 's letter on a $ 20 bill Relation to Lost storyline :
When Jack and Locke found out what “ Henry ” had done , they were frustrated and locked him back up .
In the clearing , the three survivors found the balloon stranded in the canopy above and the grave where “ Henry ” said he had buried his wife , Jennifer .
When the party returned , they said that the story had checked out , but Sayid still did not believe “ Henry ” so he dug up his wife ’s grave .
He found the body of a man , whose wallet driver ’s license showed his name was “ Henry Gale . ”
Resolve the Lockdown Situation
Trade “ Henry ” for Walt
Save Libby ’s Life
Save Libby ’s Life Outcome : Failed Episodes : " ? " A Team Members : Jack , Kate , Locke , Hurley Also Involved : Libby , Michael Mission : To save Libby ’s life .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : With the Swan empty , Michael talked Ana Lucia into giving him her gun and entry to the armory to kill “ Henry Gale . ”
When she relented , he shot her dead and in his panic , shot Libby who was down there getting blankets .
He then shot himself in the shoulder , freed “ Henry , ” and set the whole thing up to look as if “ Henry ” did it .
But Libby was still alive from her wounds , much to Michael ’s horror .
Discoveries : None Relation to Lost storyline : Despite Jack 's treatment and Sawyer sharing his heroin to soothe Libby 's pain , she succumbed to her wounds and died .
The deaths of Ana Lucia and Libby became a great motivating factor for the survivors in arming up and going after the Others to get Walt back by force .
This played perfectly into Michael ’s plan , who was told only to bring Jack , Kate , Sawyer , and Hurley on the “ rescue party . ”
Hunt for " Henry " / Search for the Question Mark
Hunt for " Henry " / Search for the Question Mark Outcome : Half - accomplished ; While Locke was disappointed that they lost “ Henry ’s ” trail , Eko was successful in convincing Locke to take him to the “ ? ” .
Episodes : " ? " A Team Members : Locke Also Involved : Eko Mission :
To follow the trail “ Henry ” left , while secretly venturing out to search for the Question Mark .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background :
In a dream , Ana Lucia came to Eko and told him to help John .
Later in the dream , this was echoed by Yemi who told Eko that he and Locke needed to go to the “ ? ” on the blast door map .
Discoveries : The “ ? ” Relation to Lost storyline : When Locke realized Eko ’s true intentions , he was initially resistant to help him , but soon relented after Eko struck him and convinced him it was vital to their survival .
Following a dream in the jungle , Locke told Eko to climb the cliffside where the Beechcraft fell with Boone inside .
From atop the cliff , Eko saw an outline of a Question Mark salted into the earth .
Explore the New Station
Investigate the Boat
Stake Out the Others ’ Camp
Let the Swan Timer Reach Zero
Rescue Walt
Season Breakdown
Season 2 - Percentage Successful
43.5 % ( 10/23 )
Season 2 - Percentage Half - accomplished
43.5 % ( 10/23 )
Season 2 - Percentage Failed
14.0 % ( 3/23 )
Season 3
Season 3 marked a more aggressive stand by the " A - Team " against the survivors than during the previous 67 days on the Island .
Ambush the Others
Ambush the Others Outcome : Failed Episodes : " The Glass Ballerina " A Team Members : Sayid Also Involved : Jin , Sun , Tom , Colleen , Ivan Mission :
To ambush the Others , take two hostages , and kill the rest .
Corresponding O- Mission : Steal the Elizabeth Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : When 's Walt 's " rescue party " did not go according to plan , Sayid devised a new plan to find his comrades assuming that Michael 's betrayal had manifested and the others had been abducted .
He convinced Sun and Jin to create a second pillar of smoke to flush out the Others from the jungle and torture the whereabouts of Jack , Kate , and Sawyer out of them .
Discoveries : The Others ' control of the submarine Relation to Lost storyline : Despite the efforts of Sayid , Sun , and Jin to surprise the Others and gain an advantage on Jack , Kate , and Sawyer 's location , the Others managed to take Desmond 's sail boat .
However , Sun 's wounding of Colleen acted as a direct catalyst to bring Others - Survivors tensions to an even higher level .
Similarly , the existence of a possible second craft , the Galaga , is revealed in the aftermath of this mission .
Save Mr. Eko
Saving Mr. Eko Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Further Instructions " A Team Members : Locke Also Involved : None Mission : To save Mr. Eko from the polar bear cave .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Inspired by a vision , Locke , accompanied by Charlie , set out to discover the location of Mr. Eko and accomplish Boone 's orders to save Mr. Eko 's life .
Discoveries : Polar bear cave , imploded Swan station Relation to Lost storyline : With Jack , Kate , Sawyer , and Sayid absent , there is a leadership vacuum , and especially after his recent visions , Locke begins to confidently assume the mantle of leader .
However first he must rescue
Eko to atone for his most recent mistake , when he had doubted faith , resulting in the destruction of the Hatch .
Locate Jack , Kate , and Sawyer
Murder Ben
Killing Ben Outcome : Half - Accomplished ; Jack does not kill Ben , but he does negotiate release in a hostage situation .
Episodes : " The Cost of Living " , " I Do " , " Not in Portland " A Team Members : Jack , Juliet Also Involved : Ben , Pickett Mission : For Jack to kill Ben , so that Juliet and the others are against him to bring about change .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : {{{F-mission}}} Background : None Discoveries :
Not all of the others are loyal to Ben. Relation to Lost storyline : Kate and Sawyer escape , but Ben lives .
Escape Hydra Island
Rescuing Jack Part I : The Flame
Rescuing Jack Part II : Sonar Fence
Rescuing Jack Part II : Sonar Fence Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Par Avion " A Team Members : Kate , Locke , Sayid Also Involved : Rousseau , Mikhail Bakunin Mission : 1 ) Follow the DHARMA Cabling Map to The Barracks 2 ) Overcome the Sonar Fence to gain access to the Barrack grounds .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Sayid , having discovered the DHARMA Cabling Map , sets his team 's sights on a place of interest : The Barracks .
Discoveries :
The sonar fence surrounding The Barracks ; Jack seemingly happy in captivity Relation to Lost storyline : The A - Team , Rousseau , and Mikhail encounter a large sonar fence that surrounds The Barracks .
Locke pushes Mikhail through the fence , causing Mikhail to suffer a cerebral hemorrhage .
The rest of the team surmount the fence and approach the Barracks to see Jack playing football with Tom .
Rescuing Jack Part III : The Barracks
Defeating the Others
Season Breakdown
Season 3 - Percentage Successful
66.7 % ( 6/9 )
Season 3 - Percentage Half - accomplished
22.2 % ( 2/9 )
Season 3 - Percentage Failed
11.1 % ( 1/9 )
Season 4
Track Naomi
Finding Daniel 's Team
Finding Jacob 's Cabin Part I
Kate 's Identity Secret
Investigating the Freighter
Interfering with Daniel and Charlotte
Finding Jacob 's Cabin Part II
Finding Jacob's Cabin Part II Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Cabin Fever " A Team Members : Locke , Hurley Also Involved : Ben Mission : To find Jacob .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : After the assault at the Barracks , Locke and Ben decide to find Jacob and receive orders , but they need Hurley to find the cabin .
Discoveries : Horace 's map , the potential reason behind Locke 's dreams , the location of Jacob 's cabin and Claire , the absence of Jacob and the appearance of Christian on his behalf .
Relation to Lost storyline :
On their way to the cabin , they disagree on who they 're following .
That night , Locke has a dream where he sees a DHARMA Initiative workman chopping trees , telling him he needs to re-visit the grave on directions to find the cabin .
So , they take a detour and Locke discovers a map to the cabin .
Locke offers
Hurley safe passage to the beach now that they 've got directions to the cabin , he decides to stay with the pain because night would soon fall .
The next night , they soon find the cabin and Locke enters alone to find Christian Shephard there instead of Jacob .
Locke expresses the notion that he was " chosen " to be there , and to his surprise he finds Claire sitting nonchalantly in the creepy cabin .
Nevertheless , Locke is told to move the Island to save it .
Escaping the Island
Moving the Island
Season Breakdown
Season 4 - Percentage Successful
45.5 % ( 5/11 )
Season 4 - Percentage Half - accomplished
45.5 % ( 5/11 )
Season 4 - Percentage Failed
9.9 % ( 1/11 )
Season 5
On - Island ( Pt. 1 ) : Find an Island Landmark
On - Island ( Pt. 1 ) : Find an Island Landmark Outcome : Half - accomplished ;
The remaining survivors found the Hatch , but the rapid time flashes made any discovery temporary .
Episodes : " Because You Left " , " The Lie " A Team Members : Sawyer , Juliet Also Involved : Faraday , Miles , Charlotte Mission : Find a landmark to know what year they are in .
Corresponding O - Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : Deliver a Message to Desmond Background : When Benjamin Linus turned the Wheel the survivors started to experience flashes .
Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline :
After the island starts going through time shifts the survivors find it necessary to find a landmark .
On - Island ( Pt. 2 ) : Infiltrate the Hostile ’s Camp
On - Island ( Pt. 2 ) : Infiltrate the Hostile ’s Camp Outcome : Half - accomplished ;
The time flashes removed the remaining survivors from the 1954 campsite , but Locke delivered the compass and message in time .
Episodes : " Jughead " A Team Members : Locke , Sawyer , Juliet Also Involved : Richard , Widmore , Ellie Mission :
To infiltrate the camp while saving the science team .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : Neutralize the Jughead Background : Discoveries : Charles Widmore 's past , Richard Alpert does n't age , Jughead .
On - Island ( Pt. 3 ) : Re-Set the Frozen Wheel
On - Island ( Pt. 3 ) : Re-Set the Frozen Wheel Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " This Place Is Death " A Team Members : Locke Also Involved : The Man in Black Mission : To turn the Donkey Wheel .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background :
The time traveling survivors and science team are dislodged from time after Benjamin Linus turns the wheel .
The time flashes caused Charlotte to die .
Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : John Locke returns to the Orchid station .
Just as he climbs down the well another time flash occurs and the well disappears .
Locke see 's Christian Shepard at the bottom who says to hello to his son ( Jack ) .
Off - Island ( Pt. 1 ) : Regroup at the Safe House
Off - Island ( Pt. 1 ) : Regroup at the Safe House Outcome : Failed Episodes : " Because You Left " A Team Members : Sayid , Hurley Also Involved : Mission : Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : Hurley and Sayid stop at a fast food restaurant before going to the safe house , which is in an apartment building .
Hurley asks Sayid about the man Sayid killed outside Santa Rosa .
Sayid does n't know who the man was , but said that he was an enemy .
When Hurley comments on Sayid 's paranoia , Sayid reveals that he has been working for Ben Linus and cautions Hurley that , if Linus ever tells him to do anything , he should do the exact opposite .
Sayid notices that a piece of tape that he'd placed on the door to the room has been broken , indicating that someone has entered the safe house .
One man attacks Sayid at the door , and Sayid quickly kills him by throwing him over the balcony .
Another man attacks him inside ; Sayid kills him too , but not before he is shot with an anesthetizing dart , which renders him unconscious a moment later .
A passerby notices the dead body of the first man , and takes a picture of Hurley with a gun in his hand and covered in what appears to be blood , but is actually ketchup .
Hurley runs inside , rescues Sayid , and the two escape
Off - Island ( Pt. 2 ) : Assemble at the Lamp Post
Off - Island ( Pt. 2 ) : Assemble at the Lamp Post Outcome : Half - accomplished ; Only Jack and Sun show up at the Lamp Post not the other three members of the Oceanic Six .
Episodes : " This Place Is Death " , " 316 " A Team Members : Jack Also Involved : Eloise , Ben , Sun , Desmond Mission : Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Discoveries : The Lamp Post Relation to Lost storyline : Benjamin Linus discovers Jack in the funeral parlor .
Jack agrees to go back to the island .
Sun also agrees in hopes of finding her husband ( Jin ) .
They gather at the Lamp Post where they meet Eloise Hawking .
Off - Island ( Pt. 3 ) : Return to the Island
Off - Island ( Pt. 3 ) : Return to the Island Outcome : Half - accomplished ;
The survivors returned to the Island , but arrived in different times ( 2007 : Sun , Ben , Frank ; 1977 : Jack , Kate , Sayid , Hurley ) Episodes : " 316 " A Team Members : Jack , Kate , Sayid , Hurley Also Involved : Ilana , Bram Mission : Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Discoveries :
Assimilate Into the DHARMA Initiative ( 1977 )
Assimilate into the DHARMA Initiative ( 1977 ) Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " LaFleur " A Team Members : Jack , Kate , Hurley , Sawyer , Also Involved : Mission : Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Jack , Kate , Sayid , and Hurley get transported to 1977 .
Discoveries : DHRAMA Recruiting
Protect the Survivors ’ Return ( 1977 )
Protect the Survivors ’ Return ( 1977 ) Outcome : Half - accomplished ; Sawyer managed to fool the DHARMA leaders into believing Jack , Kate , and Hurley were new recruits , but Sayid was caught in the jungle and imprisoned as a “ Hostile . ” Episodes : " Namaste " A Team Members : Sawyer , Jack , Hurley , Kate , Sayid Also Involved : Juliet , Jin Mission : Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Discoveries :
Search for Jin ( 2007 )
Search for Jin ( 2007 ) Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Namaste " A Team Members : Also Involved : Sun , Frank Mission : Investigate the Dharma Barracks for any sign of Jin or the other survivors .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : Sun found Jin but he was only shown to be in a DHARMA group photo from 1977 , not presently in 2007 , later in season 6 , Sun and Jin reunite just days before their deaths
Save Young Ben ’s Life ( 1977 )
Save Young Ben ’s Life ( 1977 ) Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Whatever Happened , Happened " A Team Members : Sawyer , Kate , Juliet Also Involved : Richard Alpert Mission : Bring Ben to the Others so they can save his life .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : A young Benjamin Linus was shot by a time traveling Sayid .
Jack refused to stitch Ben up .
Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : Sawyer , Kate and Juliet disarm the sonar fence and travel into Hostile territory .
Shortly there after they meet with Richard Alpert .
Richard Alpert states that they can save Ben , but his innocence will be gone .
Kate agrees to it despite it .
Locate the Jughead ( 1977 )
Locate the Jughead ( 1977 ) Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Follow the Leader " A Team Members : Jack , Sayid Also Involved : Richard , Eloise Mission : To Find the Hydrogen Bomb the Others buried in the 1950s .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Daniel Faraday returned to the island and proposed that they could stop Oceanic Flight 815 from ever crashing .
Faraday was unfortunately killed by Eloise at the Other 's Camp .
Jack and Eloise decided to continue the mission .
Sayid later came across their group and joined them .
Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : Jack , Sayid , Richard and Eloise trek through tunnels to the hydrogen bomb .
Detonate the Jughead ( 1977 )
Detonate Jughead ( 1977 ) Outcome : Failed Episodes : " The Incident , Parts 1 & 2 " A Team Members : Jack , Sayid , Kate , Sawyer , Juliet , Jin , Hurley , Miles Also Involved : Daniel Richard , Eloise Mission :
Take the core of Jughead and bring it to the future Swan site and drop it into the pocket of electromagnetism that is being drilled into before " The Incident " occurs .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : After explaining time travel and the ability to change the past , Daniel tells Kate and Jack they can make it so that the Flight 815 plane will never crash on the island , that Desmond will never have to push the button in the hatch , and that everything can be " reset " .
Using the Judghead that was buried underground by the others in 1954 , they could detonate it and change the past .
Discoveries : What " The Incident " was .
Relation to Lost storyline : Kate , Juliet and Sawyer are on the submarine leaving the Island .
Kate convinces Juliet and Sawyer they need to stop Jack from detonating a hydrogen bomb on the island .
in the tunnels under the DHARMA Initiative 's Barracks , Jack and Sayid dismantle the hydrogen bomb in order to remove its core , bomb .
Sayid explains that he will be able to modify the bomb core so that it will detonate on impact .
Jack and Sayid go through the Barracks but a gunfight follows , and Jack and Sayid escape with Jin and Miles in a van driven by Hurley .
The van is topped by Sawyer who wants to speak to Jack alone and when one can't convince the other , a fist fight ensues .
Juliet breaks up the fight by telling Sawyer that she wants to detonate judghead and has changed her mind , everyone is on board for the plan .
At the Swan site , the security for the Dharma Initative is waiting for them and a gunfight breaks out , but the drill that is running hits the electromagnetic pocket and Jack drops Jughead into the drilling shaft .
When the bomb does not go off , the electromagnetic energy begins to release and pull all metal objects into the shaft .
Juliet gets wrapped around metal chains and is dragged down to the bottom where the undetonated Jughead core lays in the metal rubble and she hits it with a rock 8 times , cut to white .
The group has flashed to present day on the island and finds the imploded hatch .
Juliet later dies , mission failed .
Desmond most likely detonates Jughead with the turn of the failsafe key .
Season Breakdown
Season 5 - Percentage Successful
45.5 % ( 5/11 )
Season 5 - Percentage Half - accomplished
36.4 % ( 4/11 )
Season 5 - Percentage Failed
18.2 % ( 2/11 )
Season 6
Save Juliet
Save Juliet Outcome : Failed Episodes : " LA X , Part 1 " A Team Members : Sawyer , Jack , Kate Also Involved : Juliet , Miles , Jin Mission : Corresponding O - Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Juliet was pulled into the Swan drilling spot when attempting to detonate Jughead .
Discoveries :
The bomb seemingly did n't work .
Relation to Lost storyline : After Jughead is detonated the survivors find themselves back in the present .
Sawyer finds Juliet buried in wreckage .
Juliet dies shortly thereafter from injuries she sustained in 1977 .
Save Sayid
Save Sayid Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " LA X , Part 2 " A Team Members : Hurley , Jack , Sayid , Sawyer , Kate Also Involved : Dogen , Jin Mission : Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Sayid was shot by Roger Linus and is bleeding to death .
Discoveries : The Temple Relation to Lost storyline :
The survivors bring Sayid to the temple where they 're met by The Others .
The Others bring Sayid into the Temple , where a large spring bubbles .
After informing Jack that there are risks , Dogen orders his followers to submerge Sayid in the water and turns over a hourglass .
As Sayid appears to be revived , Dogen refuses allow his followers to lift Sayid out of the water until the timer is finished .
It soon appears that Sayid is drowning .
Jack protests but when he tries to stop them he is prevented .
After the last sand grains fall , Sayid is lifted lifeless from the water .
Dogen announces to the shocked group that " your friend is dead . "
Jack tried vainly to perform CPR .
A couple hours later Sayid sits up , very much alive .
He pauses , confused , and says " What happened ? "
Find Sawyer
Find the Lighthouse
Find the Lighthouse Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Lighthouse " A Team Members : Hurley , Jack Also Involved : Jacob Mission : Corresponding O- Mission : Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Discoveries : Lighthouse , Shannon 's asthma inhalers Relation to Lost storyline : Hurley goes to Jack and uses a false drama of whispers and secrets to tell him of a secret tunnel and the mission from Jacob .
When Jack declines to go , Hurley tells him that Jacob said that Jack " has what it takes . "
Jack is disbelieving as to what he just heard and demands to see Jacob .
Jack is convinced to come when Hurley explains that although Jacob is " kind of dead " he is at the place they are going to .
Hurley and Jack continue on their way .
Finally , Hurley and Jack arrive at a five story brick tower : the Lighthouse .
♪ Surprised , Jack wonders why they had n't noticed such a prominent structure on the island before , and Hurley muses that the reason may be that they never looked for it .
Explore the Lighthouse
Explore the Lighthouse Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Lighthouse " A Team Members : Hurley , Jack Also Involved : Jacob Mission :
To find out more about the mysterious Lighthouse .
Corresponding O- Mission : Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Discoveries : The Mirror , The Names , Relation to Lost storyline : The Jack and Hurley end up at the Lighthouse .
Jacob informs
Hurley that he needed to get away from the Temple .
Hurley and Jack see many mirrors inside .
Return to the Beach Camp
Return to the Beach Camp Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Dr. Linus " A Team Members : Hurley , Jack Also Involved : Richard Alpert Mission : Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Richard Alpert tells
Jack everyone at the temple is dead .
Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : Jack , Richard , and Hurley decide to return to the original beach camp .
Stop Richard from joining MIB
Stop Richard from Joining MIB Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Ab Aeterno " A Team Members : Hurley Also Involved : Richard Alpert , Man in Black , Isabella Mission : Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Richard says it 's time to stop listening to Jacob and to start listening to someone else and he takes a flaming torch and heads into the jungle .
Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : Richard has been trekking all night and it is now the next day .
Distraught , he asks whether the Man in Black is listening to him and that he has changed his mind , that he was wrong .
He calls out asking whether the offer still stands .
Richard and Isabella communicate through Hurley .
Hurley walks out of the jungle and asks Richard what offer he is speaking of .
Richard is amazed that Hurley is there and angrily pushes him away , reminding Hurley that he does n't know anything .
Hurley asks him to calm down and as Richard starts to yell , Hurley snaps that it is Richard 's wife , Isabella , who has sent him .
Richard reacts in disbelief .
Hurley says that she wants to know why Richard buried the cross .
He tells Richard that she is standing right next to him .
Isabella says to Hurley that Richard does n't believe him and Hurley explains that it sometimes takes a while .
Richard slowly turns toward where Hurley is speaking .
Although Richard can't see Isabella he now addresses her .
Richard puts the cross around his neck and thanks Hurley , who says , " Yeah , you got it . "
Hurley reveals that Isabella also said that there is something else that Richard must do : stop the Man in Black from leaving the Island .
If Richard does n't do that , " We all go to hell . "
Retrieve the Package
Retrieve the Package Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " The Package " , " Happily Ever After " A Team Members : Sayid Also Involved : Locke , Desmond Mission : Locke sends Sayid to Hydra Island to discover what Widmore is keeping secret .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Sawyer sees a locked room on Charles Widmore 's submarine .
Discoveries : Desmond is back on the island Relation to Lost storyline : Sayid swims to Hydra Island in the dead of night .
He sees Widmore 's team taking Desmond from the submarine to the Hydra Station .
Later as Widmore 's team escorts Desmond away from the cabin where he was blasted with electromagnatism , Sayid attacks Widmore 's team and takes Desmond with him back to the Main Island .
Destroy the Plane
Destroy the Plane Outcome : Failed Episodes : " The Package " , " Everybody Loves Hugo " A Team Members : Hurley , Jack Also Involved : Richard Alpert , Ilana , Benjamin Linus , Miles , Sun Mission : Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Richard Alpert tells
Jack everyone at the temple is dead .
Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : Richard Alpert thinks that they need to get dynamite from the Black Rock to destroy the plane and prevent MIB from leaving the island .
The dynamite proves to be unstable and Ilana is killed in an explosion .
Richard and the others return to the boat to retrieve more dynamite .
Hurley however blows up the Black Rock because he is told that it 's dangerous .
The group splits Hurley , Jack , Sun , and Frank go on to visit MIB .
Richard , Ben , and Miles continue to the DHRAMA barracks to get more explosives .
At the barracks they meet up with Widmore who reveals that he already rigged the plane with explosives .
Later they decide to fly the plane off the island .
Go talk to " Locke "
Go talk to " Locke " Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " Everybody Loves Hugo " A Team Members : Hurley , Jack Also Involved : Sun , Frank Mission : Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Hurley is visited by Michael , who tells that going after the explosives , so they can blow up the Ajira plane , is dangerous .
Discoveries :
The nature of the whispers Relation to Lost storyline : Hurley blows up the Black Rock and Richard comes with the idea to use the C - 4 left in the DHARMA barracks .
Hurley tries to convince Richard to stay away from the explosvies by telling that Jacob told them to go talk to Man in Black .
Richard does n't believe he 's telling the truth and goes with Ben and Miles after the C - 4 .
Jack , Sun and Frank decide to follow Hurley .
Kill Desmond
Kill Desmond Outcome : Failed Episodes : " The Last Recruit " A Team Members : Sayid Also Involved : Man in Black , Desmond Mission : The Man in Black wants Sayid to kill Desmond .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : The Man in Black throws Desmond into a well .
Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : " Locke " tells Sayid to go to the well and kill Desmond .
Sayid hesitates prompting " Locke " to check that he still wants what he asked for .
Sayid says that he does and heads to the well .
At the well Desmond is sitting in water at the bottom as Sayid points his gun .
Desmond calmly asks what Locke offered Sayid .
Sayid says he him he could get the woman he loved back , even though she was dead .
Desmond asks why he would believe Locke could help .
Sayid says that he was dead .
Finally Desmond asks what Sayid will say to his beloved when she asks what he had to do to be with her again .
Later it is revealed that Sayid did n't kill Desmond .
Escape to Widmore 's camp
Escape to Widmore 's Camp Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " The Last Recruit " A Team Members : Kate , Sawyer , Hurley Also Involved : Sun-Hwa Kwon , Claire Littleton , Frank Lapidus Mission : To Get away from " Locke " and escape to Widmore 's group on Hydra Island using the Elizabeth .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : Jack 's group runs to the coast following the map and arrive at the dock where the Elizabeth is anchored .
They join Kate and Sawyer and prepare to leave , but Claire emerges from the jungle with a rifle .
Kate bravely talks to her about the fact that they are not going with John because it is not John .
She asks Claire to join them and when a confused Claire says that John made her a promise , Kate says that she is making the promise and that the only reason she came back to the Island was to reunite her with Aaron .
Claire relents but adds that when he finds out that they have left " he 's going to be mad . "
They make their way to Hydra Island under power .
Sawyer tells
Frank that the plan is to get in cosy with Widmore and take the submarine to go home .
Sawyer 's group arrive at Hydra Island and swim ashore .
Widmore 's people confront them with guns but lower their arms when Zoe says that she knows Sawyer .
Zoe radios Widmore and then tells Sawyer 's group to put their hands up and kneel down .
Sawyer asks about his deal but Zoe says the deal is off , she checks that Widmore has a sightline on Locke and says to fire when ready .
Rescue Widmore 's Captives
Rescue Widmore 's Captives Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " The Candidate " A Team Members : Sayid , Jack Also Involved : " Locke " Mission : To Free the Survivors captured by Widmore and escape for the Ajira Plane .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Sawyer , Kate , Frank , Sun , Jin , Hurley , and Claire are taken prisoner by Charles Widmore .
Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : Sawyer and Kate pace anxiously in the cage .
When Kate claims that Widmore would n't have killed her , Sawyer explains that in the cave , Kate 's name was crossed out and so Widmore was correct , he does n't need her .
Jin tells
Sun about seeing their beautiful daughter in a photo .
Sun gives Jin his wedding ring that she has been saving .
Suddenly the power generator dies and the smoke monster appears and attacks Widmore 's team , killing several .
Seamus is thrown into the bars of the cage , falling to the ground next to the cage .
Kate tries to reach the keys hanging on Seamus ' belt while Frank kicks at the cage door .
Jack arrives and unlocks the cage with the keys and frees the group .
Capture Widmore 's Sub
Capture Widmore 's Sub Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " The Candidate " A Team Members : Sayid , Jack , Sawyer , Kate , Hurley , Also Involved : " Locke " , Frank , Jin , Claire , Sun Mission : To commandeer the Sub so the Survivors can escape The Island .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : The Man in Black rescues the survivors from Widmore 's camp Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline :
The group arrives at the dock , where there is no sign of any defense .
Sawyer lays out their plan , specifically that Jack and Locke watch their backs and be last to go to the dock .
Sawyer , Sun , Frank , Jin and Hurley go first .
They face no resistance , and board the sub where they easily overpower the crew .
♪
Sawyer orders the captain to " fire this thing up . "
Kate , Claire and Sayid follow onto the dock .
Locke gives
Jack one of the backpacks , and they follow close behind .
On the dock Locke asks Jack to reconsider his decision not to leave , explaining that whoever told Jack to stay had no idea what he was talking about .
Jack turns and says , " John Locke told me I needed to stay , " and abruptly pushes Locke off the dock and into the water .
Kate looks around , asks what just happened , and is shot in the shoulder by Widmore 's team , who have arrived at the tree line .
Jack carries Kate into the sub and Sayid follows , leaving Claire and Locke in the firefight .
Locke shoots three of Widmore 's men .
Sawyer goes above to find Claire and Locke shooting .
As Locke runs toward the sub , Sawyer closes the hatch leaving Locke and Claire outside .
He uses the intercom to tell Frank to get the captain to dive .
Claire sees the sub leave and as she runs to it Locke restrains her with a look of satisfaction as he replies : " Trust me , you do n't want to be on that sub . "
Defuse the Bomb
Defuse the Bomb Outcome : Failed Episodes : " The Candidate " A Team Members : Sayid , Sawyer , Jack Also Involved : " Locke " Mission : To Prevent the Bomb from detonating .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Before the Survivors board the submarine , " Locke " gives the backpack with a bomb to Jack ; knowing that Jack will end up on the Submarine .
Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline :
As the timer nears 3:20 .
Sayid explains how to disarm the bomb but he has some doubt whether it will work .
Sawyer is about to pull the wires but Jack stops him , saying that nothing is going to happen ; the bomb wo n't detonate if they leave it alone .
He explains that they have done exactly what Locke wanted : just as Locke had said of Widmore , " He wanted to get us all in the same place at the same time .
A nice enclosed space where we had no hope of getting out of . "
He explains that Locke has been saying he can't leave the Island without them but what is really the case is that he can't leave the Island unless they are all dead .
Jack surmises that Locke cannot kill them directly and is trying to get them to kill each other by pulling the wires from the C4 .
He pleads that they will be okay , they just have to trust him .
Sawyer says he 's sorry and quickly pulls the wires out .
The timer stops at 1:31 and nothing happens at first .
Then the timer restarts and races down .
Sayid says “ Listen carefully .
There is a well on the main island half a mile south from the camp we just left .
Desmond ’s inside it .
Locke wants him dead which means you are going to need him , do you understand me ? ”
Jack asks why Sayid is telling him this .
Sayid hurriedly says " Because it 's going to be you , Jack . "
He picks up the C4 and runs down the passageway .
The bomb explodes in his hands , killing him .
Save Sun
Save Sun Outcome : Failed Episodes : " The Candidate " A Team Members : Sawyer , Jack Also Involved : Jin Mission : To Save Sun from drowning in the sinking Submarine .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background :
The bomb on the submarine goes off .
Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : Sun is pinned against the side of the chamber by a metal cabinet .
Jin , Sawyer and Jack struggle to move the heavy cabinet but when they do , Sun is still trapped by a bar .
A metal bar falls and strikes Sawyer on the head , knocking him out .
Jack grabs him but still wants to help Jin free Sun .
Jin refuses the last emergency air cylinder and insists that he leave and save Sawyer .
Jack has a long last look at Jin and Sun and swims out of the submarine with Sawyer .
Jin continues to try to free
Sun despite her pleas for him to go , but to no avail .
He holds her and says that he wo n't leave her .
They embrace as water floods the submarine .
The sub sinks and their hands drift apart in death .
Find Desmond
Leave the Island
Leave the Island Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " The End " A Team Members : Kate , Sawyer Also Involved : Claire , Miles , Richard , Frank Mission : To Escape the Island before on the plane before The Island is destroyed .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : Instead of destroying the plane , so " Locke " could n't leave the Island , Frank , the pilot , suggested they could fly away with it and Man in Black would still be trapped on the Island .
Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : As Richard and Miles were rowing to Hydra Island , they found Frank , who had survived the explosion and sinking of Widmore 's submarine ; Frank suggested that they escape the Island in the Ajira plane instead of destroying it .
Upon reaching the plane , they repaired its broken windshield and damaged hydraulic systems .
This brought the plane into good working condition , allowing Frank to prepare for takeoff .
As the plane was taxiing down the fissuring Hydra Island runway , it managed to slow down so that Claire , Kate and Sawyer could be pulled aboard .
The Ajira plane safely took off just as the runway began to crack ; its occupants managed to escape the initially self - destructing Island .
Save the Island
Save the Island Outcome : Accomplished Episodes : " The End " A Team Members : Jack , Hurley Also Involved : Ben Mission : Put the Cork back in the Light to save The Island from destruction .
Corresponding O- Mission : None Corresponding F- Mission : None Background : When Desmond pulled the ancient cork in the Heart of the Island the Island became to slowly crumble to the ocean .
Discoveries : Relation to Lost storyline : Jack , now the new protector of light , accompanied by Hurley and Ben , went back to the source to turn the light back on .
Mortally wounded , Jack named Hurley his successor and then was lowered down into the cave .
Jack woke Desmond , tied the rope around him so he could be pulled up and put the stone cork back into the hole .
He collapsed near the edge of the pool , slowly falling to depression , when nothing happen .
Then the water started flowing again .
Jack placed his hand on a stream and the water , that he touched , reached the stone , and the light was reignited , saving the Island .
Hugo and Ben haul on the rope and find Desmond on the end of it .
Below , Jack sobs with relief as he is engulfed in the light
Season Breakdown
Season 6 - Percentage Successful
70.0 % ( 14/20 )
Season 6 - Percentage Half - accomplished
5.0 % ( 1/20 )
Season 6 - Percentage Failed
25.0 % ( 5/20 )
Overall Breakdown
Percentage Successful
53.9 % ( 48/89 )
Percentage Half - accomplished
28.1 % ( 25/89 )
Percentage Failed
18.0 % ( 16/89 )
LOST Music Video - Storm The Gate ! - Montage of Lost scenes with some of the Season 3 A - Team missions ( To ' Storm The Gate ' by Tenacious D )
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , April 26 , 2010
Homosexual rumors surrounding Senator Lindsey Graham underscore the core reason why the vast majority of Congress members habitually support legislation that is anathema to the interests of the people they are supposed to represent , because politicians rarely achieve positions of influence without being beholden to one form of blackmail or another .
ALIPAC ’s William
Gheen provoked national headlines last week during a speech in front of thousands of Tea Party supporters when he publicly requested that Graham come out of the closet and admit that he is gay .
“ William Gheen called on Senator Lindsey Graham to be honest with American voters about his homosexual lifestyle to assure that Graham ’s desire to keep it a secret could no longer be potentially used by political insiders to manipulate Graham ’s behavior , ” reports Before It ’s News .
“ There are many precedents in American politics where affairs , corruption , addictions , and other situations that politicians wanted concealed were used to manipulate them with unfair advantage . ”
“ When you have a U.S. Senator from such a conservative state like South Carolina working hand in hand with Obama and New York liberals like Senator Chuck Schumer to pass an Amnesty bill for illegal aliens , there is something very wrong , ” said Gheen .
“ After today ’s national broadcasts , the American public will know what the DC insiders know and that was my goal . ”
Gheen ’s speech has since gone viral on You Tube and prompted a national debate about Graham ’s sexuality and if it is being used to blackmail him into pushing the big government agenda .
The open secret that Graham is an alleged homosexual explains why he constantly supports legislation and policies that are almost universally abhorred by his South Carolina constituency – carbon taxes and the phony global warming agenda , pro-amnesty immigration reform , as well as his hostility towards the Tea Party movement .
Graham has been labeled a “ Democrat in drag , ” a “ traitor ” and a “ disgrace ” by conservatives for his policies and was confronted on his global warming advocacy during a town hall meeting in October last year .
This strikes at the very root of why government is broken – politicians may pay lip service to the will of the people to get elected but once in office they click their heels and march to the tune of the controlling elite .
That ’s because almost every one of them has some dark secret that they can be blackmailed over if they fail to follow the Washington consensus .
This is precisely what we ’ve witnessed with President Obama .
Despite his promises of hope and a change from the direction of the Bush administration , Obama has followed the same agenda with aggressive uniformity – beefing the war in Afghanistan while expanding it into Pakistan , renewing the Patriot Act , extending warrantless wiretaps , and growing the size of the federal government to unthinkable levels while preparing massive tax hikes .
Obama ’s dubious origins , not only the “ birther ” controversy but the admitted fact that his real name is Barry Soetoro , have been manipulated by the controlling elite to perfection .
While never blown wide open , the scandal is kept suitably bubbling under the surface as a threat that if Obama ever does try to be a real leader , his legacy will be completely destroyed .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
A more sinister aspect of the same process of blackmail being exercised against Obama is the fact that he is constantly reminded that he is a target for assassination .
This was in the news again today with the story of a man who was arrested carrying a gun at a North Carolina airport as President Obama was leaving on board Air Force One .
As we reported earlier this year , throughout the presidential campaign , the public was constantly told that Obama was an assassination target and that his safety was always in jeopardy , a claim that was given credibility after numerous odd secret service security lapses at public events where Obama really was put in danger , whether intentionally or otherwise .
The “ gatecrashers ” story also served to increase awareness about Obama being vulnerable to attack by people who can seamlessly slip through security and get face to face with the President relatively easily .
It is clear that the neo-cons are holding Obama hostage and issuing a thinly veiled threat by repeating the mantra that the only way to save his political career and his presidency is to attack Iran .
There is undoubtedly a mountain of dirt being held back regarding Obama ’s past that is being used to blackmail the President into following the new world order agenda – the same as with any President before him .
Becoming President of the United States and indeed being elected top any prominent political office is n’t an opportunity to change things for the better , it ’s a deal that politicians make to follow the agenda or if they do n’t , to have every intricacy of their private lives exposed to the attack dog media .
Being outed as a homosexual , an adulterer , or having any other personal secret exposed for the endless titillation of the press is the lightest possible punishment a politician can face for stepping out of line .
If they do n’t have sufficient dirt on them that can be brought out to discredit their name , then all together more unpleasant methods are used .
Blackmail is the primary reason why those in Washington consistently ignore their electorate and push for policies that enjoy little or no support from the majority of Americans .
This is why Congress has an approval rating of a paltry 10 per cent .
Nine in ten Americans think Congress is doing a terrible job .
This disconnect between politicians and the people is n’t merely due to inherent corruption , it ’s primarily because Congress members are completely compromised before they even take office .
In most cases , politicians are destroyed by the media before they can even get elected if they do n’t have dirt on them that can later be used for blackmail .
Indeed , this is why the cult of personality behind Obama was allowed to be built up to sweep him into office .
This is why Wall Street poured billions of dollars into Obama ’s campaign fund – because they knew he was compromised , could be easily blackmailed , and would therefore dutifully acquiesce to the orders of the banking elite that he obediently serves .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
More Health and Wisdom Articles
Chia Seed - Ten Benefits from this Power Food and Brain Food
By Christopher Westra
Get Ten Free Chia Seed Recipes Right Here !
Do you want to increase your brain power and body strength with one of the most powerful foods imaginable ?
Here are ten benefits to using chia seed in your life .
Chia seeds are :
1. Nutritious .
Chia seed provides ample calcium and protein to your tissues .
The seeds are also rich in boron , which helps the body assimilate and use calcium .
The nutrients also support proper brain functioning .
Ten Free Recipes Here - Grab Yours .
2. Water loving .
The seed can soak up ten times its weight in water .
Do this fun experiment .
Put one tablespoon of chia seed in a cup of water and stir .
Wait a few hours and see what happens .
When inside your body , the seeds help you stay hydrated longer , and retain electrolytes in your bodily fluids .
3. Easily digestible .
The shells are easily broken down , even when swallowed whole .
This is an improvement over flax seed , which have to be ground up to be digested properly .
If you eat flax seed whole , it will just pass through .
4. Concentrated .
If I could only take one cup of food for a few days , I 'd choose chia !
The food value per volume is simply astounding .
You do n't need much .
Try out these Ten Free Recipes to Get Your Chia Seeds .
5 . Mild tasting .
Unlike some seeds , the flavor is very mild .
The mild taste makes it easy to put in sauces , smoothies , breads , puddings , and whatever you want .
They wo n't really change the taste , but will add to your nutrition !
6. Energy enhancing .
The health pioneer Paul Bragg did an experiment an endurance hike with friends .
They divided up into a chia-eating group and another group , who ate whatever they wanted .
The group eating only chia seeds finished the hike four hours , twenty seven minutes before the others , most of whom did n't even finish at all .
7. Versatile .
The seeds can be used to replace less - healthy fat in just about any recipe .
You can use them uncooked in salad dressings , spreads , fruit shakes , ice cream , and just about anything you want .
You can also add them to cookies , cakes , muffins , and other baked goods .
I usually just mix in a couple of teaspoons to my juice or water and drink them down !
8. Slimming and trimming .
Yes , the seeds will help you lose weight , for two reasons .
The first reason is that they are so filling that you will eat less of other foods .
The second reason is that they actually bulk up and cleanse your body of old " junk " in your intestines .
9. Endurance enhancing .
Chia seeds are known as the " Indian Running Food " .
Also , the ancient Aztec warriors used chia seed during their conquests .
I 'm a runner , and I 've used chia seed to enhance stamina and endurance on my mountain runs , some of which are several hours long !
10 . Regenerating .
After eating , the nutrients travel to the cells very quickly due to the ease in digestion and assimilation .
Use them when you want to build or regenerate healthy body tissue .
I hope to give you some recipes soon , but go ahead and experiment .
Chia seed is great for those who want to increase their energy , so get and use your Ten Free Chia Seed Recipes Here .
Nine of the recipes are completely raw and healthy !
Sincerely ,
Christopher
' Shadow Foreign Policy ' Somali Warlord Hires German Mercenaries to Provide Security Services
Politicians have reacted angrily to reports that a German firm has signed a deal with a Somali warlord to provide security services .
Former members of German special forces and an elite police unit could soon be working as bodyguards and trainers in the lawless country .
( en ) Autonomia and the Origin of the Black Bloc
________________________________________________
A - I N F O S N E W S S E R V I C E http://www.ainfos.ca/
________________________________________________ >
Article by : Daniel Dylan Young >
Summary : Whether the Black Bloc continues as a tactic or is abandoned , it certainly has served its purpose .
In certain places and times the Black Bloc effectively empowered people to take action in collective solidarity against the violence of state and capitalism .
It is important that we neither cling to it nostalgically as an outdated ritual or tradition , nor reject it wholesale because it sometimes seems inappropriate .
Rather we should continue working pragmatically to fulfill our individual needs and desires through various tactics and objectives , as they are appropriate at the specific moment .
Masking up in Black Bloc has its time and place , as do other tactics which conflict with it .
> >
Article : >
\ " Those in authority fear the mask for their power partly resides in identifying , stamping and cataloguing : in knowing who you are ... our masks are not to conceal our identity but to reveal it ... Today we shall give this resistance a face ; for by putting on our masks we reveal our unity ; and by raising our voices in the street together , we speak our anger at the facelessness of power ...\ " > > -- from a message printed on the inside of 9000 masks distributed at the June 18th , 1999 Carnival Against Capital which destroyed the financial district of central London > >
At the WTO protests in Seattle last year , somewhere from 100 to 300 anarchists and others dressed up in black and systematically trashed the storefronts of odious multinational corporations .
Since then the tactic of the \ " Black Bloc\ " has been getting quite a bit of attention from different people concerned with social change .
All sorts of upper middle class , trust - fund progressives and liberals have prattled on moralistically to great length about how there is no room for such behavior in their movement .
At the same time , the Black Bloc in Seattle inspired a renewed interest in militant protest tactics which do not placate authority or bow to its power .
The N30 Black Bloc , along with many other aspects of the events in Seattle , has also inspired radical anarchists to stop hiding out inside liberal activist groups with reformist agendas , and start being more vocal in their demands for revolution and total social change .
Besides the rapid proliferation of anarchist publicatio ! > ns and organizations , clear evidence of this resurgence of anarchism in the United States can be seen in the large Black Blocs which were present on April 16th in Washington D.C. , at the Democratic and Republican National Conventions this summer , and at many other marches , protests and actions from sea to shining sea .
For good or ill , it seems that in the last year the Black Bloc has become an American tradition , and it all started with those brave kids back in Seattle . > >
Or did it ?
In fact , November 30th was far from the first time that a large group of radicals dressed up in black with black masks in order to engage in militant protest in anonymity and solidarity .
The Black Bloc as an agreed upon protest tactic may be as much as 20 years old .
Its origins in fact lie with the European Autonomen or autonomists , a radical social movement that did n\'t even necessarily proclaim itself anarchist , though many of its tactics and ideas have become widely appreciated and adopted by self - proclaimed anarchists .
> > About Autonomy > >
Autonomia , Autonomen , or autonomists have been the names used for various popular social change and countercultural movements in Italy , Germany , Denmark , Holland and other parts of Europe in the last 3 decades .
All these different movements have sought to radically oppose authority , domination and violence anywhere that they exist in contemporary life ( which is pretty much everywhere ) .
Autonomy in this case does not mean some kind of regional superiority complex or isolationism , as with statist nationalism , nor does it mean individual autonomy at the expense of the majority , as is the the basis of capitalism .
What autonomists value and desire is the freedom for individuals to choose others with whom they share an affinity , and band together with them to survive and fulfill all of their needs and desires collectively , without interference from greedy , violent individuals or huge inhuman bureaucracies .
> >
The first so - called autonomists were those individuals involved in the Italian Autonomia movement that got its start during the Hot Autumn of 1969 , a time of intense social unrest .
Throughout the 1970s in Italy a widespread movement for total social change was initiated by autonomous groups of factory workers , women and students .
Capitalists , labor unions and the statist Communist Party bureaucracy had nothing to do with this movement , and in fact worked hard to repress and stop it .
Yet the power structure was often at a loss with how to deal with the near complete refusal of large areas of the population to obey the rules and orders of authority .
> >
Despite the rapid proliferation of direct action , strikes , rent strikes , mass squats , streetfighting , university occupations and other popularly supported radical actions during the 1970s , the Italian movement eventually subsided .
This was partly due to violent attacks , imprisonment and murders of radicals by the police and the Communist party - controlled central government .
At the same time the response to this escalation of state violence was often an escalation of terrorism by elite radical urban guerilla groups .
This self - defensive terrorism often served to turn people away from a large scale , public social change movement .
Some chose to become more militant and secretive , while others abandoned politics all together for a seemingly more peaceful life of obedience to authority .
> > Building Revolutionary Dual Power -- The Culture of the Autonomen > >
Though the revolutionary potential of the Italian Autonomia in the 1970s died down , their vibrance , confidence and empowerment was an inspiration to young people in West Germany in the 1980s .
Inspired also by the Amsterdam squatters \ ' movements and youth organization in Switzerland , young Germans in Berlin , Hamburg and other major cities began building their own autonomous culture and social groups based upon radical resistance and alternative ways of life .
> >
The direction and composition of radical organization in West Germany in the 1980s was partly determined by the reigning economic recession and the forms it took .
Because of the well established connections between industrial unions and the German government , the effects of this recession were felt not so much by blue collar workers , but by young people who found it increasingly impossible to secure jobs and housing and thereby move out of their parents \ ' home and become socially and financially independent .
Therefore points for autonomous youth mobilization included the stifling conformity of rural German society and the nuclear family , serious housing shortages , high unemployment -- as well as the continued illegal status of abortion and government plans for a massive expansion of nuclear power .
> >
As a result of economic recession and flight to the suburbs , at the end of the 1970s huge tracts of buildings in different German inner cities , especially West Berlin , lay abandoned by developers or government agencies .
Squatting these buildings was a viable option for impoverished young people looking for independence from the nuclear family home .
Vibrant squatters \ ' communities grew up in the Kreuzberg neighborhood of Berlin , the Haffenstrasse squats of Hamburg and in other concentration points .
The cornerstone of these communities was communal living , and the creation of radical social centers : infoshops , bookstores , coffeehouses , meeting halls , bars , concert halls , art galleries , and other multi-use spaces where grassroots political , artistic and social culture were developed as an alternative to nuclear family life , TV dreams and mass - produced pop culture .
> >
> From these safe social spaces grew major grassroots initiatives to fight nuclear power ; to break down patriarchy and gender roles ; to show solidarity with oppressed people throughout the world by attacking the European - based multinational corporations or financial institutions like the World Bank ; and after German reunification , to fight the rising tide of conservative neo-Nazism . > >
Similar initiatives for alternative living as resistance were percolating in the 1980s ( and in some places much earlier ) in Holland , Denmark and elsewhere throughout northern Europe .
Eventually all of these northern Europeans living in decentralized social groups dedicated to creating a non-coercive , non-hierarchical society became collectively labeled as \ " Autonomen . \ "
Over time the autonomists \ ' ideas and tactics also migrated throughout the reunited post - Iron Curtain Europe .
I personally have visited radical autonomous social centers in England , Spain , Italy , Croatia , Slovenia , and the Czech Republic .
> >
Hardline Oppression , Militant Resistance , And the Origins of the Black Bloc > > > From the beginning the West German state did not take kindly to young Autonomen , whether they were occupying nuclear power plant building sites or unused apartment buildings .
In the winter of 1980 the Berlin city government decided to take a hardline against the thousands of young people living in squats throughout the city : they decided to criminalize , attack and evict them into the cold winter streets .
This was a much more shocking and unusual action in Germany than it would be in the U.S. , and created much popular disgust and condemnation of the police and government .
> > > From December 1980 on there was an escalating cycle of mass arrests , street fighting , and new squatting in Berlin and throughout Germany .
The Autonomen were not to be cowed , and each eviction was responded to with several new building occupations .
When squatters in the south German city of Freiburg were mass arrested , rallies and demonstrations supporting them and condemning the police state\ 's eviction policy took place in every major city in Germany .
In Berlin on that day , later dubbed \ " Black Friday , \ " upwards of 15,000 to 20,000 people took to the streets and destroyed an upper class shopping area .
( 1) > >
This was the seething cauldron of oppression and resistance from which the Black Bloc was birthed .
In late 1981 the German government began legalizing certain squats in an attempt to divide the counterculture and marginalize more radical segments .
But these tactics were slow to pacify the popular radical movement -- especially since the period of 1980 - 81 had seen not only a brutal treatment of squatters but also the largest police mobilization in Germany since the reign of the third Reich in order to attack non-violent , sitting protesters at the \ " Free Republic of Wendland , \ " an encampment of 5000 activists blocking the construction of the Gorleben nuclear waste dump .
(2) Even formerly ardent pacifists had been radicalized by the experience of sustained , violent police oppression against diverse squats and activist occupations .
> >
In response to violent state oppression radical activists developed the tactic of the Black Bloc : they went to protests and marches wearing black motorcycle helmets and ski masks and dressing in uniform black clothing ( or , for the most prepared , wearing padding and steel - toed boots and bringing their own shields and truncheons ) .
In Black Bloc , autonomen and other radicals could more effectively fend off police attacks , without being singled out as individuals for arrest and harassment later on .
And , as everyone quickly figured out , having a massive group of people all dressed the same with their faces covered not only helps in defending against the police , but also makes it easier for saboteurs to take the offensive against storefronts , banks and any other material symbols and power centers of capitalism and the state .
Masking up as a Black Bloc encouraged popular participation in public property destruction and violence against the state and capitalism .
In this way the Blac ! > k Bloc is a form of militance that mitigates the problematic dichotomy between popularly executed non-violent civil disobedience and elite , secretive guerilla terrorism and sabotage .
> > Autonomen Black Bloc Accomplishments > >
Black Blocs , Autonomen militance , and popular resistance to the police - state and the New World Order spread among European youth in the 1980s .
> >
Though Dutch radicals did not begin calling themselves \ " Autonomen\ " until around 1986 , earlier Dutch counterculture activists shared tactics , organizing structures and militancy with self - proclaimed autonomists .
Holland \'s squatting movement really got started around 1968 , and by 1981 more then 10,000 houses and apartments were squatted in Amsterdam , and there were around 15,000 squats in the rest of Holland .
Squatted restaurants , bars , cafes , and information centers were commonplace , and the organized squatters ( usually referred to as \ " kraakers \ " ) had their own council to plan the movement \'s direction and their own newsradio station .
( 3 ) > >
Although some Dutch autonomists rejected wearing ski masks while in Black Bloc ( 4 ) , the movement was no less militant .
One book about the Dutch squatters movement reports that \ " Ever since the beginning there had been a \'black helmet brigade\ ' which felt it had joined battle with municipal social democracy . \" ( 5 ) > >
Battles at the evictions of Amsterdam squats often featured the construction of huge barricades and walled - in squatters tossing furniture and other projectiles of all shapes and sizes out the window at riot police below .
In the early years there were certain limits to the violence which Dutch squatters would use to retaliate against police attacks .
However in 1985 when a squatter named Hans Kok died in police custody after being arrested during a particularly brutal raid and eviction , the ante was upped .
Following the news of his death a night of fiery destruction reigned in Amsterdam , with even police cars set on fire in front of many different precincts .
Said one squatter : \ " Everyone had the idea , now we \'ll use the ultimate means , just before guns anyway : mollies ...
Everyone went around with mollies in their pockets , everyone had full gasoline cans ... it was the new action method . \" ( 6 ) Though Hans Kok\ 's death and the fiery retribution that followed had a negative effect on ! > the popular squatters \ ' movement , the new militancy of tactics proved useful in some activist circles .
In 1985 the Dutch Anti-Racist Action Group ( RARA ) mounted a successful campaign to force the Dutch supermarket chain MARKO to divest from South Africa : the campaign was accomplished through a series of extremely expensive and damaging firebombings of MARKO \'s stores and offices .
( 7 ) > >
In Germany in 1986 mounting police attacks and attempted evictions against a complex of squatted houses in Hamburg called the Haffenstrasse were met with the counteroffensive of a 10,000 person march surrounding at least 1500 people in a Black Bloc , carrying a huge banner that read , \" Build Revolutionary Dual Power ! \ "
At the march \'s end , the Black Bloc was able to successfully engage in street fighting that put the police on the retreat .
On the following day fires were set in 13 department stores in Hamburg , causing nearly $ 10 million in damage .
( 8 ) > >
That same year , the disaster at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant brought new militance to demonstrations against nuclear power plants under construction in Germany .
Once account of these anti-nuclear demonstrations reported , \ " In scenes resembling \' civil war , \' helmeted , leather - clad troops of the anarchist Autonomen armed with slingshots , Molotov cocktails and flare guns clashed brutally with the police , who employed water cannons , helicopters and CS gas ( officially banned for use against civilians . \" ( 9 ) > >
In June of 1987 when Ronald Reagan came to Berlin , around 50,000 people demonstrated in the streets against this Cold War- mongering old man , including a 3000 person Black Bloc . ( 10 )
A couple of months later police antagonism against the Haffenstrasse intensified again .
In November 1987 residents and thousands of other Autonomen fortified the complex , built barricades in the streets and fought off police for nearly 24 hours .
In the end the city chose to legalize the squatters \ ' residence .
( 11 ) > >
Over ten years before Seattle and the American WTO protests , the Autonomen mobilized a similar event with a greater number of resisters .
In September of 1988 , the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund met in Berlin .
Autonomen used this meeting as a focal point for worldwide resistance to global corporate capitalism and government \'s destruction of grassroots autonomy and community .
Thousands of activists from throughout Europe and the U.S. were mobilized , and 80,000 protesters met the bankers ( at least 30,000 more than in Seattle ) .
( 12 ) The totally outnumbered police and private security at the event attempted to maintain order by banning all demonstrations and brutally attacking any public assembly , but riots still ravaged fashionable upper class shopping areas ( as was tradition ) .
> > Pre-Seattle Black Blocs In the U.S.A. > >
In November of 1999 the Black Bloc tactic seemed new to many Americans partly because the actions and ideas of the autonomist movement in Europe were mostly blacked out of the American media and have been barely written about at all in English .
However , ignorance of the Black Bloc also stems from the fact that most Americans get news of domestic events from a corporate - controlled media that ignores any happenings that do n\'t fit their view and purposes , and which represents every event that takes place as singular spectacle disconnected from past and future , to be forgotten in a blur even when it is only a few months old .
> >
Radicals in the U.S. have never been totally ignorant of the actions and ideas of European autonomists , and the development of the punk rock subculture in the U.S. throughout the 1980s in many ways mirrored that of the autonomists .
By the beginning of the 1990 \ 's anarchists and other radicals in the U.S. were masking up at marches and protests to build solidarity and create anonymity for militants .
> >
When the Gulf War was going one protest in the streets of Washington D.C. included a Black Bloc that smashed in the windows of the World Bank building .
That same year on Columbus Day in San Francisco a Black Bloc showed up to help show militant resistance to the continuing genocide of North American domination by Europeans .
( 13 ) Personally , the largest Black Bloc that I \'ve ever seen was at the Millions March For Mumia in Philadelphia in April of 1999 .
I \ 'd say there were at least 500 dressed in Black , masked up , and carrying banners such as \" Vegans For Mumia . \ "
Though there was no street fighting and no particularly noticeable property destruction , some kids did manage to get into a parking garage along the march route , climb to the roof and wave the black flag .
> >
The Global Future of the Black Mask > >
The symbol of the black - masked autonomist militant has spread to the third world as well .
As the North American Free Trade Agreement \'s destructive neo-liberalalizing economic policies took effect on January 1st , 1994 , a guerilla uprising took place in Chiapas , a state in southern Mexico .
The uprising sought to create space for the development of autonomous social organization among downtrodden Mayan indigenous peoples .
The armed wing of this struggle for community autonomy and direct democracy without coercion or hierarchy has been and continues to be the Zapatistas , men and women who wear black balaclavas ( similar to ski masks ) whenever they appear in public .
Many autonomists and anarchists have visited and tried to help them in their struggles with knowledge , money , materials and by building inernational awareness and solidarity of the situation in Chiapas .
> >
Back in Germany , the Autonomen are seeing dark days .
It is said that in the past squatters held at least 165 large , five - story apartment buildings in eastern Berlin , but by late 1997 only 3 remained .
( 14 ) Legalizing some squats while brutally evicting others has been an effective policy for the police state .
Many people living in legalized squats are unwilling to rock the boat by encouraging or expressing solidarity with militant tactics practiced by other squatters , and this marginalization makes it easier for the squatters to lose out in street - fighting against an increasingly militarized police force .
> >
The resurgence of neo -Nazism in what once was East Germany and other areas of the country has meant no end of troubles for German Autonomen .
They face violence and death from neo -Nazi attacks , especially in most of eastern Germany which neo -Nazi gangs police as a \ " no - punk , no - foreigner zone . \ "
Massive amounts of Autonomen time and effort goes into organizing to oppose the spread of neo -Nazism , but this means neglecting the tasks of developing new viable alternatives to authoritarian society , one of the main original goals of autonomists .
\ " Antifa\ " or anti-fascist organizing brings the Autonomen into more and more violent confrontations with the German police , who basically support neo -Nazi groups and their nationalist , racist ideologies -- when individual police officers are n\'t directly involved with fascist groups .
> >
Rumour has it that many militants in areas of northern Europe where the Black Bloc was a common demonstration tactic have been increasingly given it up , as it has ceased to serve its purpose .
The forces of state repression have caught on , and use ever greater technological , legal and physical force to observe , isolate , pursue and target those involved in Black Blocs .
A similar process is taking place in the U.S. , with a resurgence of COINTELPRO - style tactics aimed at radicals who oppose the global capitalist - statist American empire . > >
Whether the Black Bloc continues as a tactic or is abandoned , it certainly has served its purpose .
In certain places and times the Black Bloc effectively empowered people to take action in collective solidarity against the violence of state and capitalism .
It is important that we neither cling to it nostalgically as an outdated ritual or tradition , nor reject it wholesale because it sometimes seems inappropriate .
Rather we should continue working pragmatically to fulfill our individual needs and desires through various tactics and objectives , as they are appropriate at the specific moment .
Masking up in Black Bloc has its time and place , as do other tactics which conflict with it .
> >
1 . Katsiaficas , George .
The Subversion of Politics : European Autonomous Social Movements And The Decolonization of Everyday Life .
New Jersey : Humanities Press International , Inc. , 1997 , p. 91 . > >
2 . Katsiaficas , p. 82 > >
3 . Katsiaficas , p. 116 > >
4 . Katsiaficas , p. 116 . > >
5 . ADILKNO .
Cracking The Movement : Squatting Beyond the Media .
Trans .
Laura Martz .
New York : Autonomedia , 1990 .
p. 25 . > >
6 . ADILKNO , 123 > >
7 . Katsiaficas , 119 . > >
8 . Katsiaficas , 128 . > >
9 . Katsiaficas , 211 . > > 10 .
Katsiaficas , 131 . > > 11 . Katsiaficas , 130 . > > 12 . Katsiaficas , 131 . > > 13 . Mid-Atlantic Infoshop . \" Black Bloc For Dummies .\ " > > 14 . Thompson , A. Clay .
\" Street Battles -- German Squatters Squeezed to Near Extinction .\ " > --- from list aut-op-sy@lists.village.virginia.edu --- ********
The A - Infos News Service News about and of interest to anarchists ******** COMMANDS : lists@ainfos.ca REPLIES : a-infos-d@ainfos.ca HELP : a-infos-org@ainfos.ca
WWW : http://www.ainfos.ca
INFO : http://www.ainfos.ca/org
To receive a - infos in one language only mail lists@ainfos.ca the message unsubscribe a - infos subscribe a - infos - X where X = en , ca , de , fr , etc. ( i.e. the language cod
MobPartner is Mobile Affiliate Platform created by TexoMobile , leader in Mobile Performance Marketing with 80000 worldwide mobile publishers .
Their purpose is simple – connecting advertisers with their audience and helping publishers maximise their earning potential .
Based on CPA model , they minimize the risk for advertisers , and allow publishers to fill their unsold traffic easily .
At the Mobile World Congress we spoke to Vianney Settini , Co-Founder of this Paris - based company .
Rocker Slash has said that he was too intimidated to ask Radiohead ’s Thom Yorke to appear on his new solo album .
Speaking to The Sun , the former Guns N’ Roses guitarist revealed that he planned to ask Yorke to provide vocals for a track but was too nervous to call the singer .
“ I wanted Thom Yorke to do ‘ Saint is a Sinner Too ’ , but I did n’t have the balls to call him , ” Slash said .
The song was recorded instead with singer Rocco DeLuca , who fronts rock band Rocco DeLuca and the Burden .
Dave Grohl , Motorhead ’s Lemmy , Iggy Pop , Kid Rock , Fergie and Ozzy Osbourne all appear on the musician ’s upcoming self - titled record .
( from Digital Spy )
P. C. Vey
Complaint Box Fit to Be Tied ?
Send tales of ire and indignation — no more than 500 words , please — to : metropolitan@nytimes.com .
I saw a birth announcement the other day and groaned .
In recent years , I ’d learned to accept the flood of trendy tots named Madison , but this was my first Madicyn .
If you care about spelling , my advice is to pour yourself a stiff drink before untying that pink or blue ribbon and reading news of the blessed event .
In a similar vein , leafing through the newspaper these days is like crawling through a minefield of makeshift names .
An article will catch my eye — say , something about a tornado that just missed ripping through a preschool beauty pageant — and I dread what ’s coming next .
They ’re going to interview the pint - size witnesses , and I ’m about to meet little Brittney , Brittny , Brittneigh , Brit ’nee , Brittani and Bryttney .
If you absolutely have to name your child after a rugged French peninsula , then get out a dictionary and look it up .
It ’s Brittany .
I have a major gripe with the trend of misspelling baby names .
On purpose .
The parents ’ logic runs something like this : “ My child is special and unique .
Thus , my child deserves a special , uniquely spelled name . ”
The upshot is that Chloe becomes Kloey , and Jacqueline metastasizes into something ghastly , like Jaq ’leen .
It would be easy to blame this on celebrities , since there appears to be an unspoken contest among them to saddle children with awful names .
Gwyneth Paltrow set the bar high when she named her daughter Apple , but not high enough .
Reign Beau , daughter of Ving Rhames , and Vanilla Ice ’s Dusti Rain and Keelee Breeze are way up there .
For boys , could any name be worse than Bronx Mowgli , son of Ashlee Simpson and Pete Wentz ?
Perhaps Jermajesty Jackson ?
Not that this is just a Hollywood problem .
All across America , parents are mangling names in a misguided mission to trumpet their kid ’s individuality .
Take the wildly popular name Chase , which is actually not a name at all , but something a dog does to its tail .
It was annoying to begin with , but now it gets worse as it slowly mutates from Chase to Chace , and on to Chayce .
If there were any truth to the idea that a particular name can guarantee a particular character trait for the child — or vice versa — most people would be named Vaguely Dissatisfied .
Or Kinda Bitter .
In my case , my parents could ’ve just named me Unemployed and saved everybody a lot of trouble .
Misspelling a child ’s name wo n’t make Junior special , creative or unique .
Y’s and I ’s are not interchangeable , and apostrophes are not some sort of newfangled confetti to be sprinkled liberally throughout groups of letters .
Parents should n’t impose cryptic , incoherent or foolish spellings on their own children , nor on society as a whole .
And they should n’t condemn their children to a lifetime of bleakly repeating that , no , the name in question is spelled “ Shaiyahne , ” not “ Cheyenne . ”
( And while I ’m at it , do n’t name your child Cheyenne , either . )
The liberty to name one ’s child is not always absolute , certainly not outside the United States .
In France , for example , the district attorney has a short window of time after a child is born to block names contrary to the interest of the child , including those that are pejorative or rude or would cause ridicule .
I ’m not suggesting we commission a similar corps of name police in the United States .
But I am saying that a little humility and some common sense would go a long way .
Paul Schmidtberger , author of the novel “ Design Flaws of the Human Condition ” ( Doubleday / Broadway , 2007 ) , was born and raised in Schooley ’s Mountain , N.J. , and now divides his time between Paris and New City , N.Y .
Apparently Fox 's Eric
Bolling is n't too happy with Bill Maher for something he said during his appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno :
Maher : ‘ I thank the Tea Baggers ’ for health care reform :
But when talk show host Jay Leno asked Maher about health care reform on Wednesday , Maher replied , " I thank the Tea Baggers .
They 're the ones who got it passed , " Maher acknowledged that the Tea Partiers might be confused by his gratitude .
" I 'm sure they 're saying , ' What are you talking about Bill ? ' " he suggested .
" ' I was so against the health care bill I marched on Washington with tea bags hanging from my hat , dressed up in my Founding Fathers costume , with a picture of Hitler , you know , and Obama 's face on him , screaming about his birth certificate . ' "
" And America saw that , " Maher concluded , " and said , ' What loons .
We 're going with the calm black man .
These idiots can't even spell , ' Go back to Kenya . ' "
Read on ...
Apparently that did n't sit too well with Eric Bolling who said this on the April 1 edition of Fox & Friends .
From Media Matters --
Bolling : " There was only one teabagger " at the Tonight Show " and it was Mr. Maher "
Bolling would n't have anything to be upset about if these Tea Partiers had n't called themselves " teabaggers " until they figured out how unfortunate that choice of name was .
Ever since Ben Massey mentioned Teemu Hartikainen in his " Communications Breakdown " article , there 's been an air of uncertainty surrounding the deadline on signing Hartikainen to his entry - level contract .
Uncertainty surrounding the details of the collective bargaining agreement is n't new to the Oilers .
You may recall the confusion surrounding Gilbert Brule 's waiver eligibility which generated the now famous " YOU ARE WRONG " line that everyone loves .
Gregor got his information straight from Rick Olczyk , reconfirmed that information and went to bat for Rick Olczyk in a big way .
It was n't until Brule declared himself waiver eligible that the Oilers finally backed away from their position and admitted that Brule did , indeed , need to clear waivers before going to the AHL .
Everything old is always new again and that brings us to Rick Olczyk , Teemu Hartikainen , the CBA and the Finnish Transfer agreement .
The dates and terms for signing draft choices are laid out in Exhibit 15 of the NHL CBA as June 1st .
The transfer agreement addendum was worked out in the Letter Agreements at the end of the CBA .
I requested a copy of the new agreement signed in July 2009 from multiple league entities and , unfortunately , that request was rejected by all parties .
However , I was able to reach out to a number of other sources that helped to point me in the right direction .
In response to our suggestion that Edmonton was closing in on the deadline to sign Hartikainen , Guy Flaming from Coming Down The Pipe ! contacted the Oilers :
I requested an update from the Oilers ...
" Cornet is the only one who needs to be signed before June 1st ; Hartikainen is under contract in Finland and we can't sign him until he is relieved of his contractual obligations over there . "
( I am looking to confirm when his deal in Finland expires but perhaps one of our CBA - guru readers will be able to explain why they do n't have to sign him by June 1st ) .
I talked to an SM - Liiga source who told me that " Hartikainen signed a two - year extension in January of 2009 , running through the end of KalPa 's 2010 - 2011 season .
If he is signed by the Edmonton Club he can choose to leave before the transfer window closes and he would not have to fulfill his contract . "
If the Oilers are waiting for his contract to expire , there is no doubt that they are going to miss the signing window , as it wo n't matter if the deadline is June 1st , 2010 or June 15th , 2010 because the deal expires in 2011 .
After taking some heat on that explanation in the comments , Guy called the Oilers again :
I pressed on for more of an explanation and I can report that this is what I have been told :
" The Finnish Agreement calls for 2008 Drafted Players to be signed by their drafting club by June 15 , 2010 .
If not signed then the players re-enter the Draft . "
So according to that , it 's true to say that they do n't have to sign Hartikainen by June 1st like they do with Cornet , however , it does n't mean that they 'd hold his rights for long beyond that .
It 's not a similar case as with players in Russia .
I contacted some other sources to try and nail down the date .
In fact , I spoke with six different people with varying degrees of intimacy with the Finnish Transfer Agreement and there was much disagreement on the meaning of the language .
From Guy 's statement above , the Oilers ' reading of the document is clear - they have until June 15th , 2010 to sign Hartikainen but they can't sign him until his contract with KalPa is up in 2011 .
At least I think that 's what they are saying based on Guy 's statement .
I spoke with an agent that represents various clients , including Finns and Swedes and he agrees with the Oilers , that the signing date is June 15th , 2010 , not June 1st , 2010 .
I spoke with an AHL source with experience in transfers and he thought that June 15th was also the new date : " It 's June 1st for North American players and European players not contracted have until June 15th to sign . "
On the other side of this , a separate SM - Liiga source told me " ... the contract deadline for all Finns taken in 2008 is June 1st , 2010 .
A source close to the NHL echoed that sentiment and told me that " the team would need to sign the player before June 1 , 2010 , otherwise the player will re-enter the 2010 NHL Draft . "
Contacts in the front office of a Western Conference team confirmed the June 1 date , saying that " June 1 is the date by which they need to sign their draftees from Sweden and Finland or they are back in the draft . "
Either there are clauses that are not entirely clear in the Agreement , or it's written in Kiswahili because a group of people involved in hockey as a living are arriving at markedly different conclusions after reading the document .
One thing that all six people I spoke with agree on - the Oilers do not have to wait for Hartikainen 's contract with KalPa to expire .
That 's exactly why there is a transfer agreement in place and a transfer window each season .
We Monetize Your Domains !
There are dozens of domainparking platforms out there .
None of them really impressed us .
Having been part of the domain industry for a decade , we built our own platform .
Become part of the domainparking revolution .
Find all you need to know about our service at ParkingCrew.com and
The folks arguing against my alleged accusations of " racism " on the part of Arizonans are missing the point .
I did n't accuse Arizona of racism , and I have no idea whether they are racist or not .
What I do know is that majorities are usually markedly less concerned with the infringements of liberty that they expect will only happen to other people .
This is not racism , it 's human nature .
But that 's why we should n't have laws that enshrine any sort of profiling .
If the immigration problems in Arizona are really so serious that they merit deep intrusions upon the liberty of citizens who happen to resemble illegal immigrants , than they are serious enough to intrude on the liberty of everyone .
Do n't make the cops check the status of anyone who they " reasonably suspect " is illegal ; make them check the status of everyone , no matter how blond - haired , blue - eyes , and fluent in standard American english they may be .
If you forget your license at home , the police detain you , just like they detain anyone of mexican descent , while someone fetches it .
If you can't produce a birth certificate , passport , or similar , then you wait in the pokey until they can verify your legal status .
No police discretion .
No profiling .
Soon , Devils ’ general manager Lou Lamoriello will begin a search for the 11th Devils coach in the past 13 years .
With a new coach comes new changes .
One of those changes should be the naming of a new team captain .
It ’s never a comfortable feeling to call out the team ’s captain .
But what has Jamie Langenbrunner shown this year to convince anybody he deserves the “ C ” he wears on his jersey ?
Near the end of the season , he refused to speak to the media after a disagreement with then - coach Jacques Lemaire .
It seemed to be the boiling point for Langenbrunner , who never seemed to mesh well with Lemaire .
This frustration carried over to the playoffs , where he finished with one point in the five game series loss .
I do n’t think Langenbrunner gave up on the Devils .
But , when the team needed his leadership the most , he seemed to disappear , worrying more about personal milestones than the state of the team .
For this , I believe there needs to be a change of the guard .
But who can take over the Devils ’ captaincy ?
Below are some of my suggestions :
1. Martin Brodeur
It seems odd that a goalie would be named captain , but it ’s already happened in the league .
In 2008 , the Vancouver Canucks decided to name Roberto Luongo captain .
While the move would be unconventional , Brodeur is one of the unquestioned leaders of this team .
He would n’t be able to discuss penalties , etc. on the ice , and he ca n’t wear the “ C ” on his chest .
But his leadership , both on and off the ice , would be what counts the most .
Who is more qualified for that leadership but Brodeur ?
He ’s backstopped the Devils to three Stanley Cups , and he ’s won four Vezina trophies .
He ’s a constant competitor , and while it would be an unconventional choice , Brodeur deserves some consideration if a change is made .
Brodeur has been so influential , the NHL even created the “ Brodeur Rule ” after his run-ins with Sean Avery .
Brodeur constantly brings his best effort night in and night out .
And , while skill does n’t usually determine the captain , he ’s arguably the best player on the ice .
Brodeur would also represent the organization well in dealing with any decisions , etc. from the NHL .
As I said above , the move would be unconventional .
But Brodeur has been the backbone of this team for several years .
I believe he deserves consideration if the captain position becomes an open competition .
2. Zach Parise
Parise , who has quickly become one of the best Devils , should be seriously considered for the captaincy if a change is made .
Parise , who was drafted in 2003 , constantly ranks among the top scorers in the NHL .
This past season , he averaged a point - per - game and led the team in assists .
It ’s not only his offensive output that qualifies him for the captain position .
It ’s the overall play while on the ice .
Parise never stops hustling and working on the ice .
Even during the playoff loss to the Flyers , Parise tried to work through constant double teams and Chris Pronger .
He ’s taken on more responsibility this season , playing on the power play .
And he ’s been the assistant captain for two seasons .
With young captains like Sidney Crosby emerging throughout the league , it might be Parise ’s time to step up and take the reins .
3. Patrik Elias
Elias is another player on this team that has a lot of experience , especially in the playoffs .
He also has the advantage over Brodeur and Parise , having experience as the captain of this team .
During the 2006 – 2007 season ( his only year as captain ) , the Devils had a 49 - 24 - 9 record ( 107 points ) , their most wins in the past five years .
They also clinched first in the Atlantic Division .
But the team could n’t escape the second round , losing 4 - 1 to the Ottawa Senators .
In 75 games played that season , Elias tallied 69 points ( 21 goals , 48 assists ) during the regular season and 10 points ( one goal , nine assists ) in the playoffs .
Elias has never seemed like a “ ra - ra ” type of leader .
But the Devils ’ all - time scoring leader brings a veteran presence and experience to the locker room .
Like Brodeur , Elias is a champion , winning two Stanley Cups with the organization .
He ’s also been around long enough to know the Devils ’ style of play .
While he ’s never been the same after contracting Hepatitis A , he ’s still an above - average player .
He ’s also got the experience of being a captain .
As the leader , Elias helped the Devils advance past the first round , which is more than Langenbrunner has done in his three years wearing the “ C ” .
Elias would n’t be a bad pick to captain this team .
I believe that Langenbrunner needs to be replaced as the captain .
His listless , uninspiring play contributed to the Devils ’ downfall against the Flyers .
He began to disappear as the season progressed , and he even created controversy .
I ’ve always liked Langenbrunner as a player , but I just do n’t think he has what it takes to be the captain .
Picking either of the three players above would provide better leadership and , hopefully , help to bring the team out of the first round .
SLIDE SHOW : Tito 's Life In Pictures
A group of Slovenian tourists take photos beside a bust of Tito in Belgrade .
A Tito portrait at Belgrade 's Korcagin restaurant , which is filled with communist - and Yugoslav - era nostalgia
At a marketplace in the city of Split , a group of elderly Croats talks about whether a statue should be erected to honor late President Franjo Tudjman -- the leader of Croatia during its war for independence from the former Yugoslavia .
There is not much debate .
Old enough to remember life in Yugoslavia under communist leader Josip Broz Tito , they quickly agree .
Instead of Tudjman , they would prefer a statue of Tito -- a man they still lovingly refer to by the nickname Jozo .
Tito 's rise from Communist Party chairman to Yugoslav prime minister and president effectively amounted to an unchallenged reign of more than four decades .
Today , 30 years after his death and nearly 20 years after the disintegration of the Yugoslavia he helped create , Tito still commands affection and respect , a unifying figure in a now deeply divided region .
He is considered by many in the Balkans a World War II liberator because of his leadership of the Yugoslav Partisans guerrilla movement against the Nazi occupation .
After the war , Tito played a crucial role in building a multiethnic federation that included what is now Serbia , Montenegro , Croatia , Bosnia - Herzegovina , Slovenia , Macedonia , and Kosovo .
The idea of " brotherhood and unity " of all those nationalities , ethnicities , and religious backgrounds was an anthem that Tito repeated in many of his speeches -- declaring that " a sea of blood " had been spilt for Yugoslavia 's unity and that nobody would be allowed to " undermine it or ruin it from inside .
"
In the West , Tito was respected for refusing to accept Moscow as the supreme communist authority and standing up to Soviet leader Josef Stalin by insisting that Yugoslavia follow its own national interests on the road toward socialism .
Even some people who were targeted by Tito 's political purges in the former Yugoslavia now have a positive assessment of his impact on world history .
Tito removed Latinka Perovic from her position as a young communist functionary in 1972 after she had campaigned for the democratization of the Yugoslav Communist Party .
Perovic , today a leading expert on modern Serbian history , says that Tito will be remembered for being a key figure in the battle against fascism and a " crucial agent " in the eventual disintegration of the Soviet Union and the Eastern bloc .
" I believe that Tito belongs among such personalities sought out by history , in a certain sense , and above all during those fateful years before and during World War II , and in 1948 , " Perovic tells RFE / RL .
" His famous break with Stalin in 1948 was a bold and momentous step , " Perovic says .
" It shattered the ideological and the military - political monolith of the Eastern bloc , just as the world had been divided into two spheres of influence , and it was a crucial moment for Yugoslavia , which led to the deprovincialization of the country , opening it toward the whole world , and in a certain sense humanizing it .
" Perovic says
Tito will be remembered as a " soft dictator " who brought stability to a turbulent region with a long history of ethnic conflict .
She says he also will be remembered as a modernizer who used centralized power to transform Yugoslavia from an " economically backward , largely agrarian society into a developed industrial nation .
" Indeed , many of those who remember Tito 's rule speak about the relative tolerance in Yugoslavia at the time .
In the southern Bosnian town of Pocitelj , an imam named Dzemal Gadara says that the religious freedom he had in Tito 's Yugoslavia was unlike his experience in any other country .
" Yugoslavia was the best country , " Gadara insists .
" I say this openly .
And Tito was the greatest statesman .
I have traveled around the world .
But such freedom could not be found anywhere .
I think that such freedom -- and only God knows this -- will never be again .
" At a recent ceremony commemorating a strategic ruse that Tito pulled off against a Nazi-led force in the 1943 Battle of the Neretva , Omer Catic , a resident of the central Bosnian town of Bugojno , said : " They should celebrate him for 1,000 years -- not just 30 .
He left marks upon the world that will never be erased .
You only need to imagine 120 statesmen coming to his funeral .
" To be sure , the forces of nationalism that Tito kept under control during his life would be unleashed after his death -- culminating in the disintegration of Yugoslavia .
Those same forces of nationalism can make nostalgia for the former Yugoslavia controversial in countries that fought wars of independence .
Nevertheless , many now think of Tito 's rule as a golden era compared to the war years before he came to power and a decade after his death .
Tvrtko Jakovina , a historian from Croatia , says it was the breadth of Tito 's vision , the success of his Yugoslav diplomacy , and the number of encounters Tito had with world leaders that made him a leading statesman of his time .
" As a historian of the Cold War era , it seems to me that he is just about the only historical personality that I can study and still remain in step with the rest of the world , " Jakovina says .
" That is probably the only period when my people played some sort of pivotal role in world events .
In the light of everything that has happened since then , it seems like science fiction .
" Each year -- honoring Tito on the anniversary of his death on May 4 , 1980 -- thousands of sympathizers from across the former Yugoslavia visit his birthplace at Kumrovec in Croatia .
In Croatia and Bosnia , dozens of organizations have been established to keep Tito 's memory alive .
In Slovenia , Tito has become a kind of pop icon for youngsters , who wear T - shirts and badges bearing his image .
And in Belgrade -- the city that arguably has felt most keenly the loss of the Yugoslav Republic -- thousands of people in recent weeks have visited Tito 's tomb at the Yugoslav Museum of History and museum exhibitions that feature exhibitions of Tito memorabilia .
For 61 - year - old Belgrade resident Ljubica Gulic , such exhibitions conjure memories of a time when life was simpler and Belgrade 's citizens lived a more comfortable and prosperous life than people in other communist countries .
" I remember President Tito because it was one of the most carefree periods of my life .
Compared to the present , I was happy and satisfied back then .
I was not afraid of anything .
Now I can't go to sleep because I am afraid that something will happen , " Gulic says .
" Regardless of people who think that [ Tito 's era ] was a period of fear , in my opinion it was more peaceful .
People were happier .
[ Tito ] had charisma .
" Thirty - year - old Belgrade resident Nermanja Petrovic is too young to remember life under Tito .
Born on May 4 , 1980 -- the day Tito died -- he is the first generation to know of Tito only from stories told by those older than himself .
" I know all the historical facts .
It was a time when people lived comfortably , " Petrovic says .
" But there is another argument -- that it was because of that nice life [ in those times ] that we are now paying the price .
" Petrovic says he thinks there was enough time after Tito 's death to avoid the dissolution of Yugoslavia and the wars of the 1990s if the right steps had been taken by political leaders .
He concludes that blaming Tito for Serbia 's current problems " does not make sense and cannot bring anything good .
" RFE / RL 's Balkan Service correspondents contributed to this report from Serbia , Bosnia - Herzegovina , and Croatia
Overview
Miner Wars is a 6DOF underground and space shooter played in a fully destructible environment and is a combination of single player story game and MMO .
As a player , you operate an advanced mining ship in an open world asteroid belt area .
You dig kilometers of tunnels , harvest the ore , travel the solar system , fight your enemies and discover mysterious alien secrets .
Gameplay is led by an epic story and is a combination of a single / multi- player game , cooperative , or you against everyone .
The story will introduce you to many types of missions : rescue , exploration , revenge , base defense , theft , transportation , stealth , search and destroy , pure harvesting , racing or just flying around and destroying everything you see .
High quality rendering and special effects , realistic physics , unique ' destructible engine ' , and game area with no borders make this game a real life experience .
Release date : late 2010
Platform : Windows , Xbox 360 Live Arcade .
Active internet connection needed !
Key features
Global scale destruction -
The whole environment in the game is destructible and persistent .
You can travel to a forgotten asteroid , mine a tunnel and make it your secret base of operations .
You could take an asteroid buster rocket and destroy any large asteroid .
You could dig a long tunnel in a huge 8 km asteroid and wait until an unsuspecting victim flies into the tunnel and gets assaulted .
The possibilities are limitless .
6DOF Combat - Every ship in the game is fully maneuverable in 6 directions .
This makes the combat extremely dynamic and exciting .
FPS veterans will feel at home with our WASD mouse and key setup and Space simulation fans can use their beloved joysticks to maneuver the ship in space .
Miner wars space is a full - pvp/ looting friendly environment .
Skill based Game - Flying will take mainly skill .
You dont need to " grind " your way up to the top doing repetitive missions as there are no skill levels only player skill and the ship upgrades will count .
Big variety in ships - a player can acquire the ship that will most suit his needs .
There are no restrictions as to which type he chooses but some will be more suited for mining , large battles , exploration / scouting and some for hit and run tactics .
Planned for next release version : Player controlled mining stations and trade posts .
Ship upgrades - every ship can be upgraded on a space - station with a large variety of weapons , armour plating , engines , radars , maneuvering thrusters , cargo - holds , mining equipment and many other upgrades .
Planned for next release version : EVA ( extra vehicular activity ) - you will be able to leave your spaceship and travel on foot in space ( space suits ) or on space stations to meet your fellow companions face to face .
Mining and exploration - any player in the game can choose to lead the life of a miner or explorer .
There are almost 50 material types that can be mined from an asteroid and some of them are so rare that they will make you a very rich person should you find them .
An explorer can travel around sectors and get a nice pay for tips on where to mine .
Epic sized battles - our Vrage engine allows for some really massive battles in space .
Up to 300 player ships can be displayed in one sector and engage in a rough battle for resources .
Planned for the next release version : Player controlled mothership , battleship and cruiser battles .
Looting - Player has to earn some credits for his efforts in PVP .
Any ship in the game can be looted by another player should it be destroyed .
You can either destroy your opponent ( NPC , Player ) and get a much lesser loot or you can disable your opponent and steal some of his equipment and resources .
In the heat of the battle some of the equipment or resources will get destroyed .
Factions - there will be around 30 factions in the game .
All of the factions will have a different approach on reaching their goals ( explorers , army , miners etc. ) and some of them will be aiming only at strict piracy .
Planned for the next release version : A player can become leader of a faction should he get elected by the faction elections Alien artifacts -
Their purpose is still unknown but they are certainly not made by humans or by nature .
They are found randomly , no actual radar can detect them .
Some are found in alien tunnels , some of them only after digging into the asteroids .
Combination of Single and Multiplayer elements - is the mission too tough for you ?
You will be able to either hire a person to help you on a mission or invite your friend to help you complete the mission objectives .
Destructible Environment
Miner Wars is played in a space scene filled with asteroids .
Some of them are large -- almost 10 kilometers .
You can dig in any direction through any of these asteroids , and do so without any constraints .
Physical engine calculates all changes in real - time in regard to material resistance .
Yes , some materials can be non-destructible by standard explosives .
Environment changes are persistent - you can blast a new tunnel , travel to a distant sector of the solar system and even come back after one month and your ‘ work ’ will be still there .
Or maybe not , as other players might have ' finished ' your tunnel .
There are places where no man has been .
These virgin areas are ready to be explored and harvested .
Of course there are also high demand areas where you have to fight for every piece of ore .
Story
It is the year 2083 ... in a world where resources have been depleted , mankind struggles to survive on this barren planet , once the jewel of the solar system , now just a wasteland .
As global instabilities intensify , due to shrinking resources and the thirst for domination , the only salvation is high above the clouds in the depths of the solar system .
While fear of nuclear weapons & total annihilation keeps a fragile peace on the ground ... in space , countries clash in a bitter fight for supremacy of any asteroid belts they could find so they would have the meanings to sustain their industry in the case of an all out war .
Tensions are high , something must be done , the time has come !
Reach to the skies , explore the wonders of the solar system and harvest its resources to bring life to your dying world .
The single - player campaign will be played through the eyes of a freelance pilot .
He decided to try his luck in this harsh place .
This is the new wild - west .
Early space - mining and exploration lead many low - life criminals into the vast reaches of space .
Your job is to survive this menace , make some money and earn a good living .
You could become a bounty hunter , assasin , pirate , privateer hired by some country , policeman , miner , explorer or a military officer .
The freedom of choice is there and its up to you to decide which path you shall take .
Gameplay
The aim of the game is to harvest as much as possible while trying not to die and to find the final answer to the mysterious alien artifacts .
The player can join most of the existing factions ( ENFOR - Earth Nations Peacekeeping Forces , Space Rescue , WASA - World Aeronautics and Space Administration or many other corporations and Black Market Dealers ) .
The player 's story moves as he completes missions .
Some are single player only , some are multi-player .
The player decides if he wants to fight alone or in cooperation with his faction members .
Vehicles
The player controls a medium - size mining ship aimed for movement in narrow tunnels and open space .
The mining ships differ in weight , loading capacity , engine power , armor power and equipment .
Game Area
Game is played in an open world area .
The player can travel from one sector to another in just his mining ship or he can use one of the large cargo transporters .
The mining ship can move in outer space and underground tunnels .
The area has no borders .
Replayabillity
Thanks to a unique ' destructible environment ' , every time the player plays the game new situations arise .
Learning Curve
Operating the mining ship is very intuitive and the player can start instantly .
The player 's spatial orientation is supported by a real - time navigation system with integrated radar .
Gameplay variation
Revenge missions
Rescue missions
Exploration missions
Defending the base
Transportation missions
Theft missions
Searching for and destroying enemies
Searching for the enemy 's base
Searching and harvesting ore , minerals or gems
Equipping the mining ship according to your own wish ( buying weapons , armor , engines and so on )
Digging a secret tunnel and sneak attack
Creation of traps
Speed race
Dig tunnels of unlimited size and length
Open world area - travel from one sector to another
Or just flying around and destroying everything you see
Game Elements
Unique mining ships : ( from smallest to largest , fast and slow , large cargo , huge shields ... )
Weapons : 20 ( volcano cannon , guided missiles , mines , gravity bombs , tunnel buster ... )
Ammo : 20 ( armor piercing , explosive , high velocity ... )
Drilling devices : 5 ( pressure drilling , thermal drilling , saw , nuclear drilling device ... )
Equipment types : 50 ( various radars , jammer , X - ray , engines , enhancing drugs , armor , med kit , auto targeting ... )
Factions : 30 ( ENFOR - Earth Nations Peacekeeping Forces , Space Rescue , WASA - World Aeronautics and Space Administration or many other corporations and Black Market Dealers , ...)
Ore types : 50 ( iron , uraninite , helium 3 , gold , diamonds , ...)
Asteroids : millions to billions , nobody can count them ...
World size : unlimited in every direction
Release date
2010
Platform
Windows PCs with an active internet connection .
Xbox 360 Live Arcade - in development too and will be released right after the Windows version .
Minimum Requirements
CPU : 2.0 GHz
RAM : 1GB ( 1.5 GB on Windows Vista )
Graphics Card : NVidia GeForce 6 series or better , ATI Radeon R520 ( X1300 - X1950 ) or better , Intel GMA X3000 or better .
Requires at least Pixel - Shader 3.0 .
More info
Video Memory : 128 MB
Hard Drive : 1 GB
Sound Card : DirectX 9.0c Compatible
Operating System : Microsoft Windows XP with Service Pack 2 or Microsoft Vista
DirectX : DX9.0c or DX10
Network : Active internet connection during installation and during game play !
Anti-Piracy
The game will not utilize any sort of DRM protection , nor activation code .
To play the game you only need to download and install the package and enter your login / password .
As the game interacts with our servers during the game play , we periodically check for suspicious users .
The game is n't locked to your computer , so you can play it from home or work :)
Age Group
All
About The Team
Miner Wars is being developed by the independent software company Keen Software House Ltd .
We are passionate gamers , who love developing games and we want to make games that people like to play .
Powered by the In-house Game Engine ' VRAGE - Voxel Rage '
The jury has delivered a verdict .
The Thai film “ Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives ” won the Palme d’Or for best picture at the Cannes film festival Sunday .
The mystical “ Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives ” is a film that explores of themes related to reincarnation , focusing on a farmer who confronts his death from kidney failure .
It was directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul .
In his comments , upon accepting the award Weerasethakul said , “ I ’d like to send a message home :
This prize is for you . ”
Thailand is embroiled in a growing political upheaval as demonstrations and violence have grown amid mounting discontent in the Asian nation .
Watch the official trailer for “ Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives ” directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul
Here ’s a rundown of all the winners :
IN COMPETITION :
FEATURE FILMS
Palme d’Or
LUNG BOONMEE RALUEK CHAT ( Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives ) directed by Apichatpong WEERASETHAKUL
Grand Prix
DES HOMMES ET DES DIEUX ( OF GODS AND MEN ) directed by Xavier BEAUVOIS
Award for Best Director
Mathieu AMALRIC for TOURNÉE ( ON TOUR )
Award for Best Screenplay
LEE Chang - dong for POETRY
Award for Best Actress
Juliette BINOCHE in COPIE CONFORME ( CERTIFIED COPY ) directed by Abbas KIAROSTAMI
Award for Best Actor Ex-aequo
Javier BARDEM in BIUTIFUL directed by Alejandro GONZÁLEZ IÑÁRRITU
Elio GERMANO in LA NOSTRA VITA ( OUR LIFE ) directed by Daniele LUCHETTI
Jury Prize
UN HOMME QUI CRIE ( A screaming man ) directed by Mahamat - Saleh HAROUN
SHORT FILMS
Palme d’Or – Short Film
CHIENNE D’HISTOIRE ( BARKING ISLAND ) directed by Serge AVÉDIKIAN
Jury Prize – Short Film
MICKY BADER ( BATHING MICKY ) directed by Frida KEMPFF
UN CERTAIN REGARD :
Un Certain Regard Prize – Groupama Gan Foundation for Cinema
HAHAHA directed by HONG Sangsoo
Jury Prize – Un Certain Regard
OCTUBRE ( OCTOBER ) directed by Daniel VEGA , Diego VEGA
Un Certain Regard Award for Best Actress
LOS LABIOS ( THE LIPS ) played by Victoria RAPOSO , Eva BIANCO , Adela SANCHEZ
CINEFONDATION :
1st Prize Cinéfondation
TAULUKAUPPIAAT ( THE PAINTING SELLERS ) directed by Juho KUOSMANEN
2nd Prize – Cinéfondation
COUCOU -LES -NUAGES
( Anywhere out of the world ) directed by Vincent CARDONA
3rd Prize Cinéfondation Ex-aequo
HINKERORT ZORASUNE ( THE FIFTH COLUMN ) directed by Vatche BOULGHOURJIAN
JA VEC JESAM SVE ONO ŠTO ŽELIM DA IMAM ( I ALREADY AM EVERYTHING I WANT TO HAVE ) directed by Dane KOMLJEN
GOLDEN CAMERA :
Caméra d’or
AÑO BISIESTO directed by Michael ROWE
I 'm a graphic designer from Istanbul , Turkey .
Check out my website if you want to know more about me .
By : skribe
Technorati is a search engine for blogs , and while I ’ve never found it very useful I still ensure that my blog is listed and the relevant data is mostly up to date .
During our extended stay in Singapore I admit I ’ve been a little lax in this , but during the redesign I noticed that the thumbnail picture for the blog came up as missing .
Technorati acquire their thumbnails from a site called shrinktheweb.com and to update them you need to go there .
However when I visited the site I saw this :
This is the default Red Hat Enterprise install of Apache , the most widely used web server software in the world .
Now , it ’s not unknown for companies to have big boo - boos and to have to reinstall after a monumental crash , so i just laughed it off – I even tweeted about it – and moved on to the next phase of the design .
But when I checked again the next day it was still down .
Googling and searching blogs showed no mention of the downtime .
I was bewildered .
Then , on a hunch , I checked Shrink The Web via a VPN and this is what I saw : Voila !
There was the site .
On another hunch I checked my listing with Technorati with the VPN and the thumbnails showed correctly , but were still missing without it .
Is this the result of the Singapore ’s government ’s censorship program ?
Maybe Shrink
The Web has indexed sites that the government finds offensive .
In any case it seems heavy handed if it is .
Why not just eliminate the individual listings ?
Or why not just ignore it – considering how useful the site is .
Especially given how easy it is to circumvent the filter .
Making fun of Tiger Woods has become a national pastime after news of his extracurricular activities became public , but unlike nearly everything else in the world , there 's no app for that .
At least , no Apple iPhone app .
Apple rejected an app from editorial cartoonist Daryl Cagle 's syndicate that poked fun at the pro golfer , while allowing in one that focused on President Obama .
In rejecting the app , Apple told Cagle that the app " contains content that ridicules public figures and is in violation of Section 3.3.17 from the iPhone Developer Program License Agreement " which states :
Applications may be rejected if they contain content or materials of any kind ( text , graphics , images , photographs , sounds , etc. ) that in Apple ’s reasonable judgment may be found objectionable , for example , materials that may be considered obscene , pornographic , or defamatory .
The newest rejection comes just after Apple reversed itself and allowed an app from political cartoonist Mark Fiore , who won this year 's Pulitzer Prize for editorial cartooning .
Apple rejected his app – four months before he won the journalism world 's highest honor – on the same grounds as the Tiger Woods app .
Cagle is no slouch either – he cartoons for MSNBC .
But that does n't keep his company 's apps from encountering the vagaries of the gatekeepers of Apple 's app store for the iPhone and iPad .
In fact , his first app , which featured his MSNBC comics , took three months to get approval .
" We have an Obama app , and one making fun of conservatives , and an app ridiculing liberals , but Tiger Woods ?
We have to draw the line there , " jokes Rob Tornoe , a cartoonist at Cagle Cartoons , Inc .
Ironically , many of the cartoons in the rejected Woods apps are also included in the iPad app that the Cagle syndicate had approved before the launch of the new tablet device , according to Tornoe .
But Daniel Kurtzman , a satirist who runs the political humor section of About.com , had Apple reject two of his apps , which were meant to be accompaniments to his books How to Win a Fight With a Conservative and How to Win a Fight With a Liberal .
The apps auto - generate fake insults for friends to use on each other , such as : " May a commune of gay , Marxist Muslim illegal immigrants open a drive - thru abortion clinic in your church " and " Listen , you bongo - playing vegan , if ignorance is bliss , you must be one happy liberal . "
Apple rejected his apps in the fall , with no explanation .
After a series of e-mails and phone calls went unreturned , Kurtzman got a call in January from an Apple employee who said the apps were blocked because they insulted groups of people – that despite the proliferation of apps offering jokes about blondes , lawyers and the Irish , among others .
While Kurtzman acknowledges that Apple has the legal right to block apps it does n't like , he argues it has a responsibility to free speech .
" America has a rich tradition of satire going back to the 18th century , " Kurtzman said .
" If Apple had its way , Mark Twain could n't get an iPhone app , and forget about Saturday Night Live .
All of that would be too objectionable for Apple 's satire police . "
" Android is an alternative , but Apple has emerged as a leading publisher of new media and they dominate the audience and more and more readers and users are getting their information and satire on their mobile devices . "
But Apple refuses to explain the rules that govern its little slabs of Disneyland , outside of inscrutable and often unverifiable missives from its CEO , who is known to send off e-mails to customers , including telling one that if he wants a porn app , he should get an Android phone .
An Apple spokeswoman has not responded to repeated calls from Wired.com about the issue .
So what of large media organizations that are placing heavy bets that Apple 's new platform will convince users to pay for news and magazine writing online ?
Does Apple 's inconsistent policy against satire concern them ?
It 's something Wired.com 's Brian Chen presciently warned of in February .
But so far , the big names are n't talking .
The Wall Street Journal and Time Magazine politely declined to discuss the issue when Wired.com asked them two Fridays ago .
Condé Nast , Wired.com 's parent company , already has two iPad apps for GQ and Epicurious , and Wired magazine 's iPad app is in production .
A spokeswoman declined to offer comment on whether Fiore 's rejection – and Apple 's constantly changing editorial guidelines – concerned the company .
The New York Times , which has an iPad app that Apple has featured prominently , declined to return a call seeking comment .
They also had no comment for Dan Gillmor , a veteran newshound , who has been trying to find out if media organizations have a guarantee that their apps wo n't get pulled based on their content .
See Also :
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Ithaca
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
We met at 61 mph , a nice speed for Route 13 -- fast enough to not take forever and slow enough to go unremarked by the many police who patrol that road .
You were unsatisfied and expressed it by staying a cool 5 feet off my bumper .
I slowed down gradually to 55 mph .
This was one of several opportunities to pass me , but you just slowed down too and stayed back there like you wanted to turn on a Sting album and spoon me .
So I sped up again hoping that you'd get the message and let me keep the distance I had won between us ... but no , you are a jealous sharer of the road , Mitsubishi Lancer .
You caught up .
For 10 more miles we were like cellmates and you tried to make me your bitch , but all you succeeded in doing was going 13 miles an hour slower than when you started tailgating me .
How did that work out for you ?
Coming down the hill into Ithaca I sped up again , figuring you 'd been punished enough .
So when you tried to give me the Sneaky Pete again , I admit I lost my cool and touched the brake for the first time .
I hope you spilled your coffee on what I imagine were your Faded Glory pleated khaki pants .
Then , in the two - lane road in town you did n't go around .
You proceeded to follow me all the way to my parking place before giving me a look and going on your way to , I assume , the DMV where you work .
I offer you these common sense tips : 1 . Tailgating is a dick move , and it's even more of a dick move if the guy in front of you is already well above the speed limit on a well - patrolled road .
2 .
If you are tailgating someone and they slow down , that 's your cue to pass and if you can't pass , well then screw you because you are being a dick anyway .3 .
It actually makes sense to leave some distance for you too .
Have you seen all the deer carcasses on the road ?
That 's because cars hit them .
If a deer jumps in front of me and I have to slam on the brakes , I do n't want you crashing into me .
Based on your body , your reaction time is only fast in World of Warcraft .
When doing research on African slavery I came across this video and was surprised about the slave trade in ...
When doing research on African slavery I came across this video and was surprised about the slave trade in the Middle East , especially around North Africa .
This explains the current genocide that is going on in Darfur and the Sudan .
I could see the link with the past that this has been going on for 14 centuries .
This person wrote this book about slavery in Islamic states .
John Alembillah Alembillah Azumah
The book is called Legacy of Arab - Islam in Africa : A Quest for Inter - Religious Dialogue .
This book reveals the dark secret of Islam and slavery of black people in Africa and the history of how Arab Muslims went to war on and captured black men , women and children and turned them into slaves .
While slavery only lasted 3 centuries in the west , it has lasted 14 centuries in the Middle East and exists today in many Muslim countries .
He explains the book in this short video and it is very interesting .
It explains that when Arab slave traders would raid black villages to the south they would kill the adults and kidnap the children .
The boy children were indoctrinated into an Islamic army for the Arabs and the girls were taken as household and sex slaves .
The reason their were not that many black descendants in the middle east is because the black male children were castrated so they could not reproduce .
There were a few black Africans who grew up and because they curried favor with their masters were allowed to also be slave traders .
A very interesting history of black African slave trade and the Muslim Arab world .
People need to know this history , BUT instead sadly people will never get enough of watching Souljah Boy dance dude , 50 cent , old Tupac Shakur Rap videos , Britany Spears and other videos and never know the truth , especially white and black converts or reverts .
This is part of the legacy of slavery that most African American people should know .
Many black converts or reverts do not know this history before they converted believing that they were originally Muslim before they were sold into slavery .
They were not .
People should research their history before they convert or revert .
Three - quarters of the Premier League 's clubs will need to reduce significantly their spending on players ' wages if they are to qualify for European competitions after Uefa 's " financial fair play " rules are introduced tomorrow .
The European governing body 's executive committee is set to approve the regulations , which will require clubs to break even , not make persistent losses , from 2012 - 13 .
In 2008 - 09 , the most recent year for which the Premier League 's 20 clubs ' accounts are published , 14 made substantial losses .
One other , Blackburn Rovers , made a £ 3.6 m profit but were subsidised with a £ 5 m loan from the club 's owners , which will no longer be permitted .
Most clubs in the Premier League are funded by owners , most spectacularly at Chelsea and Manchester City , where Roman Abramovich and Sheikh Mansour subsidised losses of £ 47 m and £ 93 m respectively .
Owners will , according to the rules , be permitted to invest in clubs , via permanent shares rather than repayable loans , to build solid infrastructure such as training grounds or youth development facilities , but not overspending on wages or transfers .
Uefa has taken more than three years to develop the rules since the organisation 's president , Michel Platini , warned of the " danger to football " posed by debt , overspending and " rampant commercialism " .
They will be phased in , with club owners allowed to subsidise € 45 m ( £ 38 m ) losses over the three years from 2012 - 13 , reducing to € 30 m in total over the next three years .
Platini has described the need to staunch overspending as " a question of survival for our sport " .
In the Premier League , besides Chelsea and City , Aston Villa , subsidised by the club 's owner , Randy Lerner , lost £ 46 m in 2008 - 09 , while Sunderland lost £ 26 m .
Liverpool lost £ 55 m , principally because they had to pay £ 40 m interest on £ 250 m borrowed from banks .
Manchester United made a profit only because of the £ 81 m sale of Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid ; in previous years since the Glazer family took over what was then the world 's most profitable club and ladled huge debts on to it , United have sustained losses .
The Premier League had argued that clubs should be allowed to be continually subsidised by owners , but was overruled , as Uefa insisted it wanted to steer clubs across Europe to a more sustainable existence .
Yesterday a Premier League spokesman acknowledged the clubs will have to rein in their spending in order to comply .
" The vast majority of what is being proposed is common sense , and has already [ been ] , or is about to be , incorporated into Premier League rules , " a spokesman said .
" If the regulations are introduced as reported , we envisage a difficult period of adjustment for our member clubs who play , or aspire to play , in European competitions . "
Also , can I shoehorn this repost in as it's quietish ?
From the General election : Photoshop Tories challenge .
See all 399 entries ( closed ) ( , Tue 13 Apr 2010 , 22:34 ,
Home : Archive : TSV 41-50 : TSV 44 : Feature The Doctor Who Story Generator By Morgan Davie
Do you think you could write a pretty good Doctor Who story if only you had the time ?
Are you envious of all these under - talented fanboys making megabucks from Doctor Who fiction ?
Is it time for you to make some waves in the world of Doctor Who fiction yourself ?
If so , this is the opportunity you 've been waiting for .
The simple system presented here can generate literally hundreds of story outlines , each of which can provide an infinite number of variations simply by changing the name of the planet and villain !
All you need to do is go through the plot outline below , selecting any or all of the options available , and a Doctor Who story of your own will magically appear !
Come up with few appropriate names and you can even send it off as a submission to Virgin - it is really that easy !
So what are you waiting for ?
The world of literary endeavour awaits you !
Plot Outline
The malfunctioning TARDIS lands ... on 20th Century Earth on a planet that looks suspiciously like 20th Century Earth in a quarry ... and the Doctor immediately senses that something is amiss .
Soon he realises that ... the commoners are being ruthlessly dominated by those in control aliens are invading history is being altered ... and he must intervene to prevent a disaster .
As he begins to investigate ... he is separated from his companions he darkly suspects that he is the ultimate cause ( McCoy only ! ) his companions all sprain their ankles ... and he finds himself ... arrested captured knocked out and abducted ... and put in a cell where he is ... almost beheaded by his captors .
almost blasted by his captors .
subjected to a mind probe by his captors .
Meanwhile , the Doctor 's companions ... are almost executed and need to be rescued fall in with a rebel faction twist their remaining good ankle writhe on the floor screaming ' Tractators !
Tractators !' ... but they are in worse danger than they realise because ... one of their new friends is a traitor .
several of their new friends are traitors .
all of their new friends are traitors .
everyone they meet is a traitor and they all have big guns .
Elsewhere , the Doctor ... has been put on trial has escaped through a ventilation shaft has convinced a wimpy bad guy to change sides ... and after a tense period of ... running down corridors running down more corridors running back and forth down the same corridor ... is shocked to learn that ... the aliens have zips down their backs ( saving money on costumes ) the aliens use mind control ( saving money on special effects ) the leader of the aliens looks exactly like him ( saving money on actors ) ... and the tension comes to a peak until , at the last minute , the Doctor saves the day by ... making an improbable gadget at extremely short notice .
helping the rebels overthrow their oppressors .
blowing something up .
Happy writing !
Years of research and planning have brought the oil giant to this point , and to this solitary location about 190 miles southeast of Houston , where water depths reach nearly 7,000 feet and a vast , uninterrupted expanse of sea is the only view .
Now , the only thing left to do is wait , as a drill bit far below inches closer to a target that may or may not exist .
“ You can do all the planning you want , ” said Tom Jones , drilling superintendent of Chevron 's Moccasin prospect , aboard the new rig called the Discoverer Inspiration .
“ But there 's only one way to find out , and that 's to drill a well . ”
The fact that one of the world 's biggest oil companies has found itself here underscores how difficult the global hunt for oil has become .
It also helps explain why the Gulf of Mexico has recently taken on greater importance in that search .
As oil companies face limited access to new reserves elsewhere around the world , the heavily explored U.S. basin — with its established oil and natural gas infrastructure and stable fiscal regime — has grown more attractive .
Recent deepwater discoveries there have also brought new attention to the region , while improved drilling rigs and other technologies have put fields into play that once were n't feasible to explore and develop .
“ ( Oil companies ) understand the financial risk in the Gulf of Mexico and are a whole lot more comfortable with that than some of the other areas they might consider going to work , ” said Steven Newman , CEO of drilling contractor Transocean Ltd. , owner of the Discoverer Inspiration , with headquarters in Zug , Switzerland , and large operations in Houston .
Others on board
BP , the largest oil and gas producer in the Gulf , recently relocated its global exploration and production business to Houston from Europe as it eyes growth in the U.S. offshore area .
Royal Dutch
Shell says in coming years , its Upstream Americas unit , which oversees oil and gas exploration and production activities in North and South America , has the opportunity to attract up to 40 percent of the European company 's global upstream budget , up from 25 percent in 2005 , partly for projects in the Gulf of Mexico .
Elsewhere , Houston 's Marathon Oil said in February it plans to spend $ 370 million this year on exploration wells in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico , more than double what it spent in 2009 .
And more state - owned oil companies are either entering the region for the first time or making expansion plans .
For Chevron , the deepwater Gulf of Mexico is the largest of four geographic focus areas for the company .
As such , it receives “ more than its fair share ” of company resources — of the $ 17.3 billion the company will spend in 2010 on its upstream oil and gas exploration and production budget , $ 4.1 billion will go to the U.S. , including the Gulf of Mexico , and will for the next five to 10 years , said Gary Luquette , president of Chevron 's North America Exploration and Production Co. in Houston .
“ I 've heard the term used , a resurgence in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico .
But for us , this has been a constant purpose now for nearly a decade , ” Luquette said .
And President Barack Obama 's new plan to open more U.S. waters to drilling in the coming years , including parts of the eastern Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic coast , will allow Chevron to sustain investments in the Gulf of Mexico beyond what it is planning today , he said .
The sweet spot
Major oil companies have focused particular attention on an ancient rock bed geologists call the Lower Tertiary trend , which runs miles below the sea floor in an outer rim of the U.S. Gulf between Texas and Louisiana .
Thought to be the biggest U.S. oil discovery in generations , Lower Tertiary fields are expected to help offset declines in shallow water fields and lift overall output of the Gulf of Mexico , which today accounts for about a quarter of U.S. oil production .
But the region also presents huge technical and cost challenges .
Not only are fields often found in waters 2 miles deep , but oil and gas deposits , buried under think salt layers , are hard to detect in geologic surveys .
Also , extreme temperatures and pressures in reservoirs test equipment .
Last month ,
Shell became the first to begin commercial production of oil from Lower Tertiary fields at its new $ 3 billion Perdido hub .
Over time , 15 of the 19 discoveries made so far in the region have the potential to be big enough to warrant commercial development , estimates Leta K. Smith , director of IHS - Cambridge Energy Research Associates ' E&P Trends Forum in Houston .
“ It represents a big opportunity , particularly for the larger oil companies , because they 're the only ones that can afford that kind of risk , ” she said .
The industry 's success rate in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico is roughly one discovery for every three exploratory wells drilled , she said , although others peg it closer to one in eight .
Either way , the odds of coming up empty remain frighteningly high , as do the consequences : Each dry hole is estimated to cost at least $ 100 million .
Steering drill 's path
Last year , Chevron racked up four misses in the deepwater Gulf but also celebrated the huge Buckskin discovery , in an area known as Keathley Canyon , that will help cover outlays for the dry holes .
The Moccasin well Chevron is drilling today is about five miles southeast of the Buckskin .
The plan calls for a well drilled to a total depth of 29,000 feet — which includes the 6,750 feet of water between the ship and the sea floor .
On a recent visit to the Discoverer Inspiration , drilling operators were about a third of the way to the target .
A geologist on board analyzed rock and salt “ cuttings ” returned to the surface for clues about what the formation may hold .
If need be , engineers , armed with real - time well data , can recommend small adjustments to the path of the drill bit , which operators can make with joysticks from a control room on the ship .
But they can only “ see ” where the bit is now .
Chevron , despite the millions spent getting to this point , still remains blind to what 's ahead .
“ Exploration is what it is , ” said Jones , the drilling superintendent .
“ It 's a shot in the dark . ”
brett.clanton@chron.com
It was an atrocity exhibition in the underground marketplace .
I saw LMO patrol units brutalizing and terrorizing the human citizens over mere food and water .
The last human refuge on Earth was under attack by LMOs in the service of the man they called the Director and his associate Dr. Robertson .
Unforgivable .
And although I had neither seen nor heard evidence that Spegg was involved in this criminal act , I could easily imagine him whispering just this kind of madness into the ears of all who would listen .
Makabe lead me back to the maintenance room and left me .
He told me that he needed to go to another maintenance access point in the vicinity and re-route some feeds .
I did n’t know if that was truth or lies and I did n’t care .
The incident with the LMO thugs in the marketplace left me broiling in hateful thoughts and impulsive ideas .
I set to work .
The maintenance room reminded me of the ShinkaiMaru5 .
It was uncomfortably cold and dark .
A low hum came from the walls , the floor , the ceiling , everywhere .
Once again , nothing was working out right .
Just like my months stranded on the SM5 , I was tasked with overcoming the insurmountable .
I was battling against crazed LMOs .
I was pulling together scraps of resources , trying to make a plan .
I am no better off here than I was out there .
I spent the better part of the day and evening laboring under a small work lamp .
I examined the pulse rifle that I had recovered from the dead LMO in the alleyway .
The rifle was damaged .
I could see the available charge but I could n’t get the power to transfer from the cell reservoir to the receiver and the firing mechanism .
I began pulling it apart .
I struggled to work with the few tools available for doing detailed repairs .
My brow furrowed and dripped sweat .
As I worked , the memory of the brutalized couple in the marketplace played again and again , making me more angry and frustrated with every passing moment .
One of the tools I was using to detach part of the receiver housing snapped in half .
I threw the broken implement across the room , cursed at it , and swept the table clear with my forearm , sending tools and parts clanging and clattering to the floor .
The dark carbon blade I had also stripped from the LMO spun in a circle on the ground .
I watched the spinning slow and then stop .
I stood and snatched the blade from the floor .
The knife was dense but lightweight .
The cutting edge was thinner than a human hair .
Some laboratory bladesmith engineered this weapon down to the nanometer .
I imagined that a motivated person could carve their way through a wall with this knife , without incurring so much as a nick or a scratch in its finish .
I paced for a while , flicking the point of the blade with my thumb .
As darkness returned to Bellingshausen , Makabe came back to the maintenance room .
He banged on the door three times with his toolbox .
Old codes still work well .
I punched his access key numbers into the panel , unlocked the door , and stood back as it slid open to reveal a screaming torrent of ice and snow .
The little maintenance man , covered in frozen drift , stepped out of the storm and the door slid shut behind him .
The howling wind was again silenced .
He began stamping his feet .
“ It ’s dark in here , ” Makabe said with a huff .
“ I was busy ; I did n’t notice . ”
Makabe activated the florescent lights .
With a clink clink and a low hum , the overheads flickered to life .
The room was cast in greenish light .
Makabe dropped his blue toolbox on a table and stood staring at me .
“ You are bleeding , ” he said , pointing at my hand .
I looked down .
Unbeknownst to me , I had carved a gash in my thumb with the blade of the knife .
“ Like I said , I was busy . ”
I pressed my thumb and forefinger together to staunch the blood flow .
Makabe approached the table and looked over my work .
He made a low grunt in his throat .
“ And what do you plan to do with all this ? ” he asked , pointing to the partially - dismantled rifle and the scattered parts on the floor .
“ A bit of a repair project , ” I replied .
I bent down and began gathering the parts off the floor and lining them up on the worktable again .
“ I have to get it working .
After that , maybe I can modify it a bit . ”
“ Hmm , ” Makabe replied .
“ That sounds like the beginning of a larger plan .
You are prepared for this ? ”
“ Yes .
I ’d like to select a few targets for a… field test . ”
Makabe murmured to himself .
He shed his gloves and began opening his heavy coat .
I sat at the worktable and began re-assembling the rifle .
Makabe placed his hands on the edge of the table and leaned over his fingertips .
As I fit the pieces of the rifle together , he hovered over my work .
It reminded me of my examination periods at the academy .
Makabe cleared his throat .
“ Maxim … ” he started , his voice full of grave concern .
“ Through violence , you may solve one problem , but you sow the seeds for another .
What do you think you ’re going to accomplish here in Bellingshausen ? ”
“ This city is sick with genetically - modified madness .
I ’m planning to correct a few problems , see if I can work my way to the heart of the disease . ”
“ What will this do for the people here ? ”
“ Maybe , if I ’m successful enough , I can save some of these people from hostilities .
Give them a fighting chance . ”
Makabe eyed me for a bit .
He let out a deep breath .
“ You are not a trained warrior , are you ? ”
“ No , not entirely . ”
“ Some of your anger is precipitated by guilt , yes ? ”
I made no reply .
I sat in silence .
I took it .
“ Losing your history , your country , and your people fills you with anger and shame . ”
The words stung .
Do n’t make this personal , old man .
I snapped together the remaining pieces of the rifle , fed the actuator back into the firing mechanism and let the charging handle slide into place .
The rifle made a high whine .
The digital readout on the cell reservoir reported the charge level .
The light on the firing mechanism glowed bright red .
The weapon activated .
Makabe raised an eyebrow and stepped back from the table .
I smiled .
“ Someone once told me that I needed to help save these people .
That message cost him his life .
We were n’t close , but I knew him just the same .
I ’m keeping up my end of the bargain , Makabe .
Let ’s discuss something else . ”
Makabe made a low grumble .
He slid a chair to the worktable and eased himself in with a groan .
“ We can change the subject if you wish , ” Makabe said , drawing out the last word .
“ But you should know that you are woefully unprepared to meet these challenges .
If you continue on this fool ’s errand , I can not help you . ”
“ I disagree .
I know the enemy , the resources , and the weather .
After I examine the layout of the land , I can begin to make some changes for the better . ”
“ Ha !
All theory , ” Makabe shot back .
“ You are convinced that you are making a rational tactical plan . ”
I nodded .
“ What you do not know is that Bellingshausen is a city designed with rings within rings .
In these outer rings , there is a limited presence of authority by the LMO patrols and limited risk to you .
But the fist grows tighter as you near the central ring areas .
Bellingshausen is built from the inside - out , with the tightly - secured Central Ring Complex housing the entire ongoing LMO development program . ”
“ What will I find as I near the central ring ? ”
“ You will find nothing .
You will not come close enough to the Central Ring Complex to see anything but an army of LMOs appearing from every direction .
Their shouts will drown out the howling wind and their fists and their weapons will blot out the meager light over your body .
You will not survive an attack on the heart of the city . ”
“ Every enemy has its weakness , Makabe . ”
“ And a poorly - planned battle has its casualties , ” he replied .
“ Be smart , Maxim .
You are a valuable asset to either side of this conflict .
If you truly wish to come to the aid of our people , do not rush off and throw yourself carelessly into the heart of the battle . ”
“ I was sent here for a purpose . ”
“ And you will fulfill that purpose , ” Makabe began .
I cut him short , slamming my fist down on the table .
“ I failed already , Makabe ! ” I shouted , my words echoing off the walls .
The old maintenance man did n’t flinch .
He just looked at me .
He sniffed and rubbed his nose .
I let out a deep breath and calmed myself .
“ I had the data and all the records I needed to set things straight here , Makabe . ”
He nodded .
“ It ’s all gone now , taken by Sar and his thugs . ”
The memory infuriated me .
“ I must do something to help these people .
If Sar is keeping the data and records to himself , then I should try to get it back . ”
Makabe nodded again .
I put the rifle down on the table between the two of us .
“ If there ’s a chance that I can alleviate some of the suffering out here , then I have to take that shot .
You of all people should understand this . ”
“ Me ? ” Makabe said with a chuckle .
“ I am a maintenance man .
I put my faith in well - honed tools .
I only understand that you are one man .
You are alone in a city you hardly understand .
You have a single rifle and a short knife . ”
“ Every battle , great and small , began with one or the other , Makabe .
I have to try . ”
“ You could easily find yourself dead , your cause lost entirely . ”
“ It happens to the best of us , I suppose . ”
“ Well , Maxim , ” Makabe said , standing up from his chair .
“ Clearly you are a man of great principle .
I am glad to have met you .
If you survive the first day , it will be … interesting to mark your progress going forward . ”
“ At least I ’m doing something , ” I replied with a sneer .
“ Gah ! ” he exclaimed , raising his hands .
He began to shout .
“ Bellingshausen has already seen its fair share of ideological madmen and blunt instruments .
If you truly intend to correct some great wrong that you help put into motion , then you will need more than an angry heart and a handful of steel . ”
Makabe turned his back to me and shook his head .
I could hear his heavy breathing .
“ I do n’t believe that I have a choice in the matter , Makabe , ” I said firmly .
The old maintenance man turned to face me again .
He made no attempt to hide his displeasure .
He took a long breath and let it out .
“ I understand , ” he said .
“ But , before you go out into the cold and stalk unfamiliar territory with your unproven weapon , I have something to show you . ”
Makabe turned to a bank of monitors and activated them .
One by one , the bank of systems sprang to life .
I stood up .
I was amazed .
Makabe gave me a slight grin .
The maintenance room clearly monitored much more than ducts and pipes and tubes and the like .
I saw city - wide operations details , readouts , data streams , systems mapping , fluctuation reports , and bottleneck alerts .
I saw communications systems and data for basic city exchanges .
There were separate systems that monitored water , power , and waste management .
I also saw private communications , secured and unsecured data streams .
I stared at it in disbelief .
“ This is an amazing amount of data .
Why did n’t you tell me about this earlier ? ”
“ I know little about you , Maxim .
I wanted to make certain that you were a man of high integrity .
By aiding you , my life is forfeit . ”
“ Understood . ”
“ I also thought that I could possibly dissuade you from making a foolish run at the heart of the city by giving you something to help coordinate your efforts . ”
I stared at the screens .
Makabe accessed security data for the region and I saw reports on LMO patrol movements .
I leaned in .
Each report detailed activity and response from LMO units in the area .
“ The Director and Dr. Robertson have linked the Central Ring Complex computer systems with all automated systems in the city .
They use this cybernated system technology to coordinate all of the technology , machinery and equipment that serves the entire city .
They also use their systems and their power to dictate and monitor individual ’s lives . ”
“ This is just a historical record ? ”
“ Yes .
There is no access to data on planned future movements .
But you can see where they ’ve been .
Much can be monitored from these terminals , like tapping into an electronic autonomic central nervous system that extends into all areas of the city .
If you are technically adept , you may be able to make a few tactically - advantageous predictions from this maintenance node and others like it . ”
“ And if I want to find the LMOs from the market , the ones who terrorized and attacked that man and woman ? ”
“ You do n’t need this information for that , ” he said with a wide grin .
“ You can pick up your rifle and wander out into the city .
They will find you . ”
“ Help me , Makabe , ” I asked firmly .
He let out an agitated huff .
“ The LMO with the live mace is called Khlorr .
He ’s a soldier working for Sar .
But he is nothing more than a dumb brute .
The other LMO is unknown to me , a new conscript , perhaps . ”
“ Bad luck for him , I suppose .
Guilty by association . ”
Makabe turned back to the worktable and pointed at the rifle .
“ Your rifle , is it a distance weapon after all ? ” Makabe asked .
“ I suppose .
I ’ve never seen one like it .
Initially , I thought it was a short - range energy or pulse rifle of some sort . ”
“ Not the case ? ”
“ No .
It ’s composed of a series of highly - focused acoustic lenses that serve to deliver a compact but high - energy acoustic pulse . ”
Makabe furrowed his brow .
“ It creates a solitary wave , like a sound bullet .
And it ’s tunable to a degree , with orders of magnitude and power .
In theory , it may even work through layers of media . ”
“ Meaning … ? ”
“ It shoots through walls without creating a disruption and detonates within the target on the other side . ”
Makabe stared at me for a moment .
I continued .
“ If it works , it would be like having a sound explosion tear open a target from the inside - out , even if that target is behind a solid wall . ”
“ Impossible , ” he blurted .
“ Not at all .
In fact , the headgear I pulled off the LMO confirms it . ”
I held up the enhanced vision goggles the LMO wore that night .
“ Thermal and acoustic imaging .
See what you are shooting at through walls and see the damage the weapon creates .
Evidently , Q’Roth did n’t have the optics activated , when I met him in the alley , otherwise he could have seen me from hundreds of meters away . ”
“ What does that tell you . ” he replied with a snort .
“ It tells me that this is probably new technology and Q’Roth was too reliant on his muscle and bravado to treat the weapon with respect .
In the end , it got him killed . ”
I pulled the goggles on over my head and the optics came to life .
Inside , the room was awash with a red glow from all the pipes and ducts and wiring .
The goggles were wide .
They fit an LMO ’s skull type , with ocular cavities set apart further than those of a human .
It hurt my eyes .
I slipped them off and looked the goggles over .
There would have to be some adjustments .
Makabe eyed the goggles with blatant skepticism .
“ One of the optics is the sighting mechanism .
The other allows for either an unassisted view of the forward environment or a focus on the target area .
In here , all I can see is red . ”
“ You can not see through the maintenance room , ” said Makabe .
“ We are completely surrounded by heat and energy . ”
I was surprised that he knew this .
I tucked that thought away .
“ I plan to take this outside , give it a field test , see if I can track Khlorr and the other LMO from the marketplace . ”
Makabe stood back and brushed the remaining snowmelt from his coat .
“ Well , if you believe that you are equipped to jump into this battle , you certainly do n’t need the further advice of an old maintenance man . ”
“ That ’s not true . ”
“ Yes , well , people like you only experience success through superior strength and aptitude .
You clearly believe that you have plenty of both , I can see . ”
I was quiet for a few moments , staring at the old man as he pulled a cloth from his pocket and rubbed his nose with it .
“ I ’m no fool , Makabe .
I can use all the help I can get .
These are the last of our people out there .
We owe them everything we can give . ”
“ And I can give you all the help I am afforded .
You are a man of great honor , I can see , but your wits are sometimes held captive by your heart . ”
I ’ve heard this before .
Makabe stepped closer .
He looked me up and down , sizing me up , gauging my preparedness .
It was a gesture I had seen a thousand times from my uncle Setsuo .
“ I ’m ready , ” I stated .
“ We shall see , ” he replied .
[ Communication Relay : 26APR2086 Alexander Island , Antarctica ]
Move Along .
Nothing To See Here .
I 'm a writer , mostly of speculative fiction , living in rural Tasmania .
I 've got a rural GP wife and three small kids , and I keep a running commentary of life here so that when my kids are old enough to give a shit , they can read up and discover who their parents used to be .
I tried doing this on paper , but I sucked at it .
So I tried doing it online with an audience .
It worked .
May contain adult language and concepts .
Deal with it .
In most parts of the world , women can make their own decisions .
Mothers can drive cars and daughters can go to school if they wish .
They can even board planes and fly to different cities or countries under their own volition .
But not in Saudi Arabia - a country where Nazia Quazi , a 24 - year - old citizen of Canada and India , has been trapped because she 's a woman .
In November 2007 , Nazia flew to Saudi Arabia to visit her father , an Indian citizen who worked there .
But after she arrived , he would n't let her leave .
He was able to do that legally because in Saudi Arabia women live under a " guardianship system , " where men make women 's life decisions .
There , women need permission from their guardian to take a trip , to attend a university , to marry , and even to undergo certain surgeries .
While guardians are often fathers or husbands , a woman 's teenage son , younger brother , or abusive uncle could be the one making her most important decisions .
Nearly three years later , Nazia 's still fighting to return home to Canada .
There 's a chance that her father will allow her to leave Saudi Arabia , but only if she marries her Dubai - based boyfriend - someone her family once disapproved of .
No one knows what will happen to Nazia in the coming week .
But Human Rights Watch , three Canadian veterans of the Gulf War , and other organizations , are pressing for her release .
Nazia said that her father , Quazi Malik Abdul Gaffar , deceptively changed her visa , appointing himself her " guardian . "
Then he confiscated her Canadian and her Indian passports , as well as her driver 's license and credit cards .
Her mother and brothers , who live in Canada , support her father 's decision .
Since then , Nazia said , she has sought various ways out of Saudi Arabia .
Last October , Nazia applied for , and received , an emergency certificate from the Indian Embassy , but was told she still needed an exit visa to leave -- an exit visa that her father , or " guardian , " would have to sign for .
The Canadian embassy in Riyadh recently issued Nazia a temporary passport .
But once again , in Saudi Arabia , a valid passport is not sufficient to allow a woman to leave the country .
Representatives from the Canadian Embassy , the Indian Embassy , and the Saudi Passport Office all agree - Nazia needs her father 's permission to leave the country .
It does n't matter that she 's an adult with a degree in computer science from the University of Ottawa .
What matters in Saudi Arabia is that she 's a woman .
In 2008 , Human Rights Watch issued a report , Perpetual Minors , lambasting Saudi Arabia 's guardianship system .
We interviewed Fatima A. , a 40 - year - old Saudi woman living in Riyadh , who cannot board a plane without written permission from her son , her legal guardian .
" My son is 23 years old and has to come all the way from the Eastern Province to give me permission to leave the country , " she told us .
Human Rights
Watch spoke with university scholars who not only needed permission to attend school , but who were n't allowed off college grounds unless they were picked up by a guardian or a designated driver ( women in Saudi Arabia are n't permitted to drive ) .
We interviewed a woman whose sister needed approval to have an IV inserted .
A mother in Saudi Arabia can't open up a bank account for her child , enroll her children in school , or travel with her children without express permission .
And if a woman 's guardian becomes physically violent with her ?
It will be nearly impossible to have him removed as guardian .
Besides , how can a woman file a domestic violence report - a woman needs permission to file a criminal complaint at the police station .
To help Nazia return to Canada , Human Rights Watch contacted the Saudi Human Rights Commission and asked it to intervene .
Finally , at the request of the Canadian Embassy , it took up her case - but as of recently , it has failed to develop a strategy for her release .
Three Canadian veterans , who received medals from Saudi Arabia for their work during the Gulf War , have also vocally taken her side .
Marc Brousseau , a marine engineer for the navy , first heard Nazia 's story on the radio while driving .
He pulled the car over to make a note about looking up more information on her case .
" I was thinking of my own girls when I heard her story , " he said about his daughters , ages 23 and 25 .
" It affected me quite a bit .
I wished there was something I could do . "
That night , the idea popped into his head to use his medal from Saudi Arabia to bring attention to Nazia 's plight .
Two other veterans , Lou Travis and John Jackson , joined him .
Marc decided to return his medal to the Saudi Embassy in Ottawa as a sign of solidarity for Nazia .
It was 10 a.m. when Marc and Lou ( Joe lived too far away ) arrived at the embassy , built near the Ottawa River and surrounded by a stone and wrought - iron fence .
When they knocked on the gate , no one answered .
Unable to give his medal to the ambassador personally , last week he mailed it to the foreign minister in Saudi Arabia .
In June 2009 , the Saudi Arabian government told the United Nations Human Rights Council that it would abolish the legal guardianship system .
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia also ratified a treaty supporting women 's rights , called the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women , in 2001 .
Under this treaty , the kingdom is obliged to stop discriminating against women .
Although the government has taken no steps to carry out its promise , Nazia 's parents may possibly be giving her another option .
According to Nazia , her mother and brother recently flew to Saudi Arabia , and her family agreed to fly with her to Dubai on May 10 - but only if she marries her boyfriend , who lives there - a boyfriend her family never approved of .
In other words , Nazia can live in Saudi Arabia under the control of her father or leave and get married to the man her family once disapproved of .
Either way , she needs her father 's permission .
An Error Has Occurred !
Sorry Guest , you are banned from using this forum !
Spam .
If you are not a spam bot , please visit the contact page to get your ban removed .
This ban is not set to expire .
Often , a mention of the family ’s influential tribe , the Dulaimi , is enough to protect them .
This time , it was no help .
Capt .
Jay Ostrich , a spokesman for the United States military in Iraq , expressed condolences to the victims ’ families and said American forces were prepared to aid in the investigation if the Iraqi government asked .
“ By no means were American service members involved , ” he said in a statement .
Details of the attack remained sketchy on Saturday afternoon , as the Iraqi police cordoned off the neighborhood and ordered a curfew there .
The known survivors are all children .
According to accounts by relatives of the victims , neighbors , Iraqi security officials and others , as many as a dozen men wearing what resembled American and Iraqi military uniforms arrived in the neighborhood in a minibus and Iraqi military and police vehicles Friday night .
Witnesses , speaking on the condition of anonymity , said some of the men wore black masks and carried weapons that resembled M - 16 rifles , which are used by the American military .
They knocked on the doors of several houses and gathered people at the home of Saif Shaker , an Awakening Council member .
Image Iraqi soldiers stopped vehicles at a checkpoint in Baghdad on Saturday as part of security measures after killings in the south district of Hur Rijab .
Credit ... Sabah Arar / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
The men said they were part of a joint unit of American and Iraqi soldiers investigating a crime .
Some of the men spoke English translated to Arabic by an interpreter who told the family that the adults — men and women — should go upstairs , while the children should be left downstairs .
They were told not to worry .
There is no such thing as a minor criminal offense .
If you have been convicted or receive probation , you could be barred from certain careers and tagged for the rest of your life with a criminal record .
An experienced defense lawyer can help get you the answers you need about how an arrest can affect your future .
I am Charles L. Waechter , an experienced and dedicated criminal defense attorney .
I have been defending people charged with federal and state felony and misdemeanor offenses and crimes for more than 30 years .
Every case is distinct and fact - specific .
Call One of My Criminal Law Offices Toll Free at 877-695-1576
I am well - known within the legal community both in Maryland and nationwide as an effective criminal defense lawyer defending those accused of manufacturing , distributing and possessing banned images on the Internet .
While the Law Offices of Charles L. Waechter has a strong focus on sex offense cases , I also defend people in all types of criminal defense matters , including traffic violations .
I am an experienced Baltimore criminal defense lawyer and DUI attorney committed to helping clients understand their options clearly and make right decisions .
Contact the law firm to schedule a free initial consultation regarding any criminal charges , including the following :
Internet crimes : Including federal and state child pornography offenses , online sexual solicitation of a minor offenses , internet fraud and illegal prescription drug sales
Including federal and state child pornography offenses , online sexual solicitation of a minor offenses , internet fraud and illegal prescription drug sales
Sex offenses :
Including child sexual abuse , child molestation , indecent exposure , sexual assault , rape and statutory rape ( date rape )
Including child sexual abuse , child molestation , indecent exposure , sexual assault , rape and statutory rape ( date rape ) College board honor hearings :
Including honor code violations stemming from sex crimes , drug crimes and other criminal charges .
Including honor code violations stemming from sex crimes , drug crimes and other criminal charges .
Assault and violent crimes : Including all degrees of misdemeanor and felony assault , manslaughter and homicide charges
Including all degrees of misdemeanor and felony assault , manslaughter and homicide charges DUI and traffic offenses : Including first - offense and repeat - offense DWI , traffic tickets and driver ’s license suspension MVA hearings
Including first - offense and repeat - offense DWI , traffic tickets and driver ’s license suspension MVA hearings
Theft and property crimes :
Including fraud , employee theft , robbery , burglary , breaking and entering , shoplifting and possession of stolen property
Including fraud , employee theft , robbery , burglary , breaking and entering , shoplifting and possession of stolen property Drug charges : Including marijuana possession and distribution , felony trafficking offenses , prescription medication fraud
Including marijuana possession and distribution , felony trafficking offenses , prescription medication fraud Guns and weapons charges : Including carrying an unlicensed or concealed handgun , felon in possession of a firearm , illegal discharge of a firearm and armed assault
Full Range of Criminal Law Services
In addition , I also advise and represent people involved with appeals , federal investigations and legal matters related to violations of their civil rights , such as probable cause , illegal search and seizure and suppressing evidence .
Do You Have a Defense ?
As a lawyer , I believe in being straight with you about whether you can beat the charges or whether a favorable plea negotiation is your best option .
I will be up - front about the consequences you will face for any guilty plea , which may include jail time , probation , sex offender registration or a criminal history that will make it harder for you to find work .
Free Consultation With an Experienced Criminal Defense Attorney
I ’m known as a hard - hitting , aggressive criminal defense lawyer who will work tirelessly to minimize any consequences you face for your arrest and put you back in control of your life .
If you face criminal charges , contact me , Baltimore criminal defense attorney Charles L. Waechter , to learn how I can help .
Some days reverberate through political history .
The assassination of JFK on 22 November 1963 .
New Labour 's landslide victory on 1 May 1997 .
The attacks on the World Trade Centre on 11 September 2001 .
But where were you when you heard James Purnell was standing down from parliament at the next election ?
Um , er , I 'm not sure .
I do n't remember .
And it was only earlier today .
Nor do I remember where I was when he resigned from the cabinet last June – another much - hyped but , in the end , irrelevant " event " which generated a ( temporary ) political and media storm in the Westminster village .
( Back then , the Guardian 's Martin Kettle breathlessly described the resignation as " an immense and quite likely fatal challenge to Brown 's already blighted premiership " , adding : " In the history of Labour governments it can only be compared with Nye Bevan 's departure from the Attlee government over prescription charges in 1951 . "
Get a grip , Martin . )
Nine months on , the sensationalist pro-Purnell coverage continues .
The Times , which broke the story this morning , described his departure as " another blow to the Labour leadership " ( is anything not a blow to the Labour leadership these days ? ) and ludicrously referred to him as " one of the few remaining Blairites with a chance of becoming Labour leader " .
Meanwhile , I can only imagine the wailing , weeping and gnashing of teeth inside the Guardian 's offices – the anti-Brown paper has provided a regular platform for Purnell since his self - enforced departure from ministerial office last summer .
The former work and pensions secretary joins a long line of Blairite ex-cabinet ministers who have decided to jump ship at the next election and avoid the tough slog of opposition – including Stephen Byers , Alan Milburn , Geoff Hoon and Patricia Hewitt .
My response ?
Good riddance to them all – and , in particular , Purnell .
Do n't get me wrong .
His shift to the left on the backbenches has been welcome .
But I , for one , cannot forget his nine - year parliamentary record .
He was chairman of Labour Friends of Israel for two years , during which he accused leftwing critics of Israel of antisemitism .
He was a committed supporter of the Iraq invasion , and of Lord Hutton 's subsequent , whitewashed inquiry , during which he reared his head as a vociferous and unrelenting critic of his former employers , the BBC .
In the recent expenses scandal , Purnell was outed as having avoided paying capital gains tax on the sale of his London flat and even claimed £ 395 from the taxpayer for advice from an accountant .
His ministerial record , meanwhile , earned him the admiration of the rightwing Spectator , which described him as " the best candidate to succeed Gordon Brown " .
As secretary of state for work and pensions , Purnell welcomed private sector initiatives and alienated the public sector workers .
He was , claimed PCS union leader Mark Serwotka , " the worst secretary of state for social security this country has ever had the misfortune of having " .
Why ?
Because he constructed a punitive , pro-private sector welfare - to - work programme that failed to deliver the expected jobs , and launched various gimmicky initiatives – including threatening to make unemployed alcoholics seek treatment or lose their benefits and trying to use lie detectors to tackle benefit fraud – in a tired , Blairite attempt to look " tough " and " radical " on welfare reform .
His rebirth on the backbenches as a thinker and activist has also been hyped beyond belief .
He may be clever but Purnell is by no stretch of the imagination a public intellectual , or Labour 's 21st - century Anthony Crosland .
I will always remember one very revealing exchange on Newsnight , in a debate between Purnell and party elder Lord Hattersley , shortly after the former 's resignation last summer .
Asked to define what he would do differently to Gordon Brown and what specific policies he was advocating , Purnell replied :
" I think what we need to do is to renew ourselves and I think that goes through idealism .
I think it goes through going back to our basic principles and articulating them for today . "
Sorry ?
Even his much - discussed Guardian piece in January , which I welcomed , lacked originality – he borrowed many of his key proposals from the community - based alliance , London Citizens .
And , amid the progressive rhetoric , he also chose to highlight that he had " argued in cabinet that we needed to talk about cuts .
It was clear that some cuts would be needed " .
Really ?
Tell that to the 67 economists who wrote two letters to the Financial Times today .
So , as I said , and without wanting to sound vindictive or petty : good riddance , James .
The government , the party and the taxpayer will be better off without you .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
About 1000 protesters massed in the streets of Pul - i Alam in the central Logar Province on Sunday , angry about a NATO attack that they alleged killed innocents .
The demonstrators then set fire to 16 NATO convoy trucks carrying fuel for Western troops .
The US military insists that its raid only killed bad guys .
Local Afghan officials complained that the raid was not coordinated with them .
You could n’t say that in this instance NATO was winning hearts and minds .
And , increasing attacks on NATO convoys are especially worrisome given that the instability in Kyrgyzstan may endanger US and NATO use of the Manas air field for resupply of troops in Afghanistan .
President Hamid Karzai will stop off in Delhi to meet with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday on his way to a meeting in Bhutan of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation ( SAARC ) .
Early indications are that Singh will attempt to discourage Karzai from his plan of negotiating with hard line Muslim forces such as the Taliban and bringing them into the government .
India sees Muslim fundamentalist forces in Afghanistan as generally under the sway of Pakistan , and also fears the bombings and political instability of the Taliban and similar groups .
As AP reports , India and Pakistan are conducting a vigorous contest for influence in Aghanistan , with India having invested $ 1.3 bn in civilian aid for that country , over 3 times what Pakistan has .
India just announced that it would fund the construction of 13 school buildings in the eastern Kunar Province .
Kunar is a Taliban stronghold and perhaps New Delhi hopes that better - educated young people in such places will be less likely to turn to Muslim fundamentalism , which frequently has a rabidly - anti-India agenda .
The mysterious sickening of dozens of Afghan schoolgirls at the Khadijat al - Kubra girls ’ school in the northern province of Qunduz has raised the question of whether Taliban are using poison gas on the girls .
Some say that they smelled something unusual in the playground just before they fell ill .
Qunduz is about a third Pashtun ( and is unusual in this regard for a northern province ) , and a minority of the Pashtuns there support the Taliban .
During their reign of terror in the 1990s , the Taliban closed girls ’ schools and immured women in their homes .
In March , the National played two shows at the Bell House , a 350 - person venue hidden on just the sort of desolate street in Brooklyn near the Gowanus Canal that might be featured in one of their songs .
The shows , announced on short notice , gave the Cincinnati - bred , Brooklyn - based five piece a chance to try out songs from their forthcoming record , High Violet .
In the audience the first night were a lot of journalists , cool dads , seemingly disenfranchised creative types , and Michael Stipe , the lead singer of R.E.M .
YouTube videos of the National ’s new material surfaced in the days following the Bell House shows .
The grainy clips washed out lead singer Matt Berninger ’s baritone and murdered the vivid guitar playing of twin brothers Aaron and Bryce Dessner .
Drummer Bryan Devendorf and his bass - playing brother , Scott , were all but erased by the video - recording capabilities of cell phones .
And you can forget trying to do the horns and strings justice .
But if blog comments were any evidence , these new songs , despite the poor fidelity , were already taking root in fans ’ imaginations .
The general consensus was that the release of High Violet ca n’t come soon enough .
With 2007 ’s Boxer , the National established themselves as the bards of the upwardly mobile creative class , while simultaneously expressing their own anxiety of joining its ranks .
On “ Mistaken for Strangers , ” Berninger sings of being “ showered and blue blazered , ” painfully aware of the danger that he ’ll be “ mistaken for strangers by your own friends . ”
It ’s honest and haunting and ripe with gallows humor .
Berninger ’s lyrics may not always imply that storefronts are closing and arc - sodium street lamps are shutting off , but the music does .
The mood is in the melodies .
Lead singer Matt Berninger .
If rock history is any guide , the National could be poised to have an OK Computer moment .
In 1995 , with two commercially and critically successful records under their belts , Radiohead supported R.E.M. for part of their world tour .
And , as rock lore has it , Michael Stipe described the British quintet as “ so good they scare me . ”
Thirteen years later , the National went on tour with R.E.M. on the heels of Boxer , and Stipe has not been shy with his praise , telling The New York Times Magazine that their music is “ instantaneous .
It touches you . ”
Much as Radiohead did between The Bends and OK Computer , the National have taken every element in their sonic palette — from the layers of orchestration to the propulsive drumming , to guitars tuned in ways previously unimagined — and stretched each one ’s scope and reach .
The National ’s songs lurk in vacant warehouses , restlessly reverberating between the walls until they gather the energy to crash through casement windows and break free .
They get you with the slow burn .
Or , as Bryce puts it , “ where you might otherwise put a guitar solo , we put 10 cellos . ”
Perhaps the most compelling use of orchestration on High Violet is the bass clarinet , which adds a haunting sheen that resonates under Berninger ’s towering timbre .
The BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico is an unmitigated disaster .
Its full consequences will not be known for decades .
What we do know , however , is that BP president , Tony Hayward , was incredibly wrong when he stated that the spill will have " a very , very modest environmental impact " .
Quite the contrary !
In fact , one of the most beautiful and productive coastal regions of the world is being turned into a giant cesspool and , in the midst of a major recession , thousands of workers are going to lose their livelihoods .
It goes without saying that BP must pick up the full costs of the cleanup and the economic damages .
BP earned $ 5.6bn in the first quarter of this year .
BP , not the American taxpayer , must pay for the devastation it caused .
Further , we must learn that with any risky technology , whether it is offshore oil drilling or nuclear power , it is not good enough to be 99 % safe .
One event can have a calamitous and irreversible impact .
We need a major investigation to understand how this accident occurred .
We must make certain that precautions are put in place so nothing like it ever happens again .
This crisis occurred at a time when the United States was considering opening new areas to offshore oil drilling .
If there is a lesson to be learned from this disaster , it is that Congress must end that policy .
There must be no new offshore drilling .
Not now , not ever .
Offshore drilling simply does not achieve the goals that its advocates claim , and it is not worth the risk .
If we are serious about wanting to break our dependence on foreign oil and move to energy independence ; if we want to lower the cost of energy ; if we want to combat climate change and cut greenhouse gas emissions ; if we want to create millions of new jobs – then more offshore drilling is not the way to go .
The simple truth is that we cannot drill our way to energy independence or lower gas prices .
The US uses roughly 25 % of the world 's oil , 7.5 bn barrels per year , but we have only 2 - 3 % of the world 's proven petroleum reserves .
Offshore drilling today provides roughly 1 % of the oil we use in the United States .
That is why I have introduced legislation to reinstate a ban on new offshore drilling in the Atlantic and Pacific continental shelves and along Florida 's gulf coast and dramatically increase fuel efficiency for vehicles sold in America .
Instead of saving three cents a gallon by 2030 by allowing wide open offshore drilling , we can save far more with stronger fuel economy standards .
Just by raising our fuel efficiency standards to 35.5 miles per gallon for cars and trucks , as President Obama is doing , we will save consumers the equivalent of $ 1 per gallon of gas in 2030 .
If we enacted my legislation , we would reach 55 miles per gallon by 2030 .
That would save motorists the equivalent of $ 1.43 a gallon of gas .
It also would eliminate the need for 3.9 m barrels of oil per day , more than double the amount we now import from Persian Gulf nations such as Saudi Arabia .
We know we can get better fuel economy , because other nations are already doing it .
The European Union currently gets 42 miles per gallon and is moving to 65 miles per gallon by 2020 .
China , Canada , Japan , and South Korea all have stronger fuel economy standards than the United States .
If we take bold action in energy efficiency , public transportation , advanced vehicle technologies , solar , wind , biomass , and geothermal , we can transform our energy system , clean up our environment , and create millions of new jobs in the process .
This direction , and not more offshore drilling , is where we have got to go .
May 4 , 2010  -- Accused Times Square bomber Faisal Shahzad has been charged in federal court with numerous crimes in the terrorism plot including attempting to commit an act of terror , attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction , and traveling over an international border to commit an act of terrorism .
According to the criminal complaint , Shahzad also admitted to receiving bomb - making training in Waziristan , Pakistan .
The announcement comes as at least five others have been detained in Pakistan in connection with the Times Square bomb plot , and raids continue in different Pakistani cities .
Two men arrested are reportedly related to Shahzad : friend Tauseed Ahmed and Shahzad 's father - in - law .
CLICK HERE to email the Investigative Team any tips on this investigation .
Attorney General Eric Holder said additional evidence in the case was gleaned after searching Shahzad 's car and home .
At a press conferenc Tuesday afternoon , Holder said officials are coordinating with members of President Obama 's national security team as the investigation continues .
NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly praised the brave efforts of police officers and investigators involved in the case , but warned that " in the eyes of terrorists , New York is America , and they keep coming back to kill us . "
Shahzad , who federal officials say has admitted his involvement in the New York City terror plot after being arrested late Monday at the JFK airport and is cooperating , worked as a junior financial analyst in the Stamford , CT office of the Affinion Group , an international marketing firm , ABC News has learned .
CLICK HERE to follow ABC News Chief Investigative Correspondent Brian Ross on Twitter .
CLICK HERE to follow the ABC News Investigative Team 's coverage on Twitter .
He worked at the firm from mid-2006 to 2009 .
" Federal authorities have not yet called Affinion and asked about him , " said Affinion spokesman James Hart .
Affinion is owned by Appolo Management , a major private equity firm .
The firm had no subsequent contact with Shahzad after he left , Hart added , and he would not comment on whether the now accused bomber resigned or was terminated .
" I have no information about him going to Pakistan after he left the firm - it 's been a year since we 've had any awareness of him , " Hart said , who added that he would not comment on his character or education level .
A junior financial analyst generally has a bachelor 's degree .
Flight to Dubai
Shahzad , who had been the subject of a huge manhunt , almost made it out of the country on a Emirates flight to Dubai , with a planned connection onward to Pakistan , according to officials .
" He appeared real close to getting away , " one federal official said .
" The plane was buttoned up .
Backed away from the jetway . "
Authorities said that despite the manhunt , his passport had not been flagged and he was able to buy a ticket with cash and clear airport security .
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , while refusing to criticize any agency Tuesday morning , said Shahzad was " clearly on the plane and should n't have been . "
At a Tuesday morning press conference , President Obama said the attempted bombing " is another sobering reminder of the times in which we live . "
Of attackers , he said , " They will stop at nothing to try and interrupt our life . "
FBI agents discovered Shahzad 's car parked in a short - term lot at JFK airport Monday evening and searched for his name on airline passenger manifests .
The flight had begun to taxi for takeoff when FBI agents ordered it to return to the gate where Shahzad and two others were taken into custody .
The other two were later released , authorities said .
Authorities said they found a 9 mm handgun in Shahzad 's car and two loaded ammunition magazines .
Shahzad was questioned for several hours by the FBI agents and , according to WABC - TV , said he had acted alone in carrying out his attempted bomb plot in Times Square .
Shahzad is a naturalized American citizen , who had recently returned from a five - month trip to Pakistan and the city of Peshawar , a known jumping off point for al Qaeda and Taliban recruits .
At a press conference early Monday morning , Attorney General Eric Holder said , " It 's clear that the intent behind this terrorist act was to kill Americans . "
He urged America to " remain vigilant . "
Federal authorities told ABC
News that they tracked Shahzad over the last two days using evidence found in the Nissan Pathfinder left at the scene and in the unexploded bomb components .
According to authorities , Shahzad bought the vehicle on April 24 , one week before the bombing attempt , through an Internet ad placed by a Connecticut family .
Members of the family told the FBI that Shahzad paid $ 1,300 for the vehicle in $ 100 bills after taking the Pathfinder on a test drive in the parking lot of a Bridgeport shopping center .
FBI agents recovered a shopping center surveillance tape that they say shows Shahzad driving the car , authorities said .
He later had the windows on the car tinted , officials said , prior to driving it to New York City last Saturday .
Federal law enforcement officials said at least three other people close to Shahzad were also under scrutiny in connection with the case .
Times Square Bomb
One Monday , ABC
News reported that there is growing evidence the bomber did not act alone and had ties to radical elements overseas , with one senior official telling ABC News there are several individuals believed to be connected with the bombing .
Officials declined to provide the specifics that led them to believe there were overseas links to a larger plot .
Authorities said a clue in the investigation was a video posted online early Sunday morning by persons in Connecticut , who may have been involved in the bomb attempt .
The video , posted on a site registered one day before the attack , has the Taliban in Pakistan claiming responsibility for the attempted bombing .
Though a Taliban leader thought killed in a U.S. drone strike resurfaced in the video threatening attacks on U.S. cities , and the Taliban has claimed credit for the failed New York attack , U.S. authorities are skeptical .
The would - be bomber packed the car with more than 100 pounds of fertilizer , but not the kind that would explode , police said .
Had the bomber chosen the right kind of fertilizer , the bomb would have had the force of more than 100 pounds of TNT .
But instead of ammonium nitrate , the kind of fertilizer used by Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh , the bomber used a harmless fertilizer , New York City Police Department spokesman Paul Browne said .
The license plate on the car was apparently stolen from an auto repair shop outside Bridgeport , Conn. , according to law enforcement officials .
The authorities told ABC News that the previous owner provided a description of the man who bought the car , and told investigators the vehicle was sold for several hundred dollars in cash , with no written records identifying the purchaser .
The license plate found on the Pathfinder also came from Connecticut , # 98CY09 , according to photographs of the vehicle .
Times Square Bomb
The surrounding area was evacuated after street vendor Duane Jackson saw smoke coming from the Pathfinder and alerted police .
Jackson , who has been working in Times Square for 13 years , said he is always on alert in the crowded public space , and in touch with police .
" Vigilance is the key , " said Jackson .
" Keep your wits about you [ and ] do n't take anything for granted . "
Police moved back thousands of theatergoers and tourists as the bomb squad moved in .
Technicians blew open the back doors and trunk and found the car packed with propane canisters and gasoline containers .
" Clearly it was the intent of whoever did this to cause mayhem , " said New York police commissioner Ray Kelly .
But the detonator , alarm clocks hooked up to fire crackers , failed to work .
" They would not have been able to have stopped the bomb if it had been wired properly , " said former counterterrorism czar Richard Clarke , now an ABC News consultant .
" Someone was able to drive into New York with what looks like bomb parts , drive right into the heart of Times Square , pull up on the sidewalk , jump up and run away and not get caught . "
The bomb bore similarities to two Al Qaeda - connected attacks on a London nightclub and an airport in Scotland in 2007 .
Three vehicles used in the attempted bombings contained propane gas tanks .
Al Qaeda has posted videos showing how to construct a bomb using propane tanks and gasoline .
On Sunday night , the Taliban released a video featuring Hakimullah Mehsud , who U.S. and Pakistani authorities had thought was killed in a drone strike in January .
On the recording Mehsud can be heard saying , " The time is very near when our fedayeen will attack the American states in their major cities . "
He also claims that Taliban fedayeen " have penetrated the terrorist America , we will give extremely painful blows to the fanatic America . "
Mehsud 's video was recorded April 4 , and Mehsud threatens attacks in the days and weeks to come .
Earlier , in the hours after the failed Times Square bombing , a Taliban group in Pakistan claimed responsibility for what it called a " jaw - breaking blow to Satan 's USA .
But U.S. officials expressed doubt about a Taliban connection .
Mayor Bloomberg said that so far there was " no legitimate evidence " the Taliban or al Qaeda were involved .
" There 's one group of the Taliban that claims credit for everything , including traffic jams , " said Bloomberg .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano noted on Good Mormng America that there is a history of groups trying to claim credit for attacks .
But she did not rule out any groups .
" What we have is a real attempt at an attack , " said Napolitano .
" Law enforcement is pursuing leads . "
Anna Schecter and Megan Chuchmach contributed to this report .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
HP Slate to use WebOS instead of WIndows 7
Almost a week after Hewlett Packard ( HP ) agreed to buy struggling palm top device maker Palm , the company is reported to have dropped the Windows 7 operating system for its upcoming tablet computer Slate .
The Slate will now be using the smartphone OS WebOS that was developed by Palm .
This will really put the device in direct competition with Apple ‘s iPad which is using the smartphone OS iPhone OS .
The company argued that by using the acquired OS will help drop the price of the Slate , which is rumored to be released next month .
License alone for the WIndows 7 will jack up the price .
Initial price is set at 549 USD using the Microsoft OS .
Sources also said HP is not happy with the overall performance of Windows 7 in the device saying that it is too power - hungry .
It was also reported that the Intel processor will also be dropped from the Slate .
The Slate has an 8.9 inch screen with dimensions 9.21 x 5.7 x 0.57 inches while the iPad has a 9.7 inch screen with dimensions 9.56 x 7.47 x0.53 inches .
Have you ever been in the midst of a whiz , when you are suddenly over come by a tingling sensation that evokes goose flesh on your scalp and the back of your neck ?
Do n't worry , you are not alone .
This happens to many people , mainly men , and may be thought of as a gift from your subtle body
Actually , I do n't know for certain what its cause is .
There is probably no strictly scientific clarification of it .
However , this is the one and only explanation I have come across , and it makes sense to me .
When you are peeing from a state of relaxation and release , your chakras come into alignment , and as this occurs , a certain amount of energy accumulates at the base of your spine .
When this energy reaches a certain point ( usually towards the end of your session ) , it is released and shoots , kundalini fashion , up your nervous system and out of your crown chakra , giving you a little burst of pleasure .
Considered in this way , you just had a tantric experience .
Do not try to latch onto it .
Remain collected and relaxed .
Go with the flow and be confident in your ability to achieve enlightenment on the sly , even as you perch or stand above a toilet bowl .
Cartman : Token , get your bass guitar out of your basement and meet me at my house .
Token :
But i do n’t have a bass guitar .
Cartman :
You ’re black Token , your family has a bass guitar .
a bit after
Token : there was a bass guitar in my basement .
Cartman : see i told you token .
Butters give me a beat .
* Butters plays the drums *
Cartman : nice nice , now token give me a smooth bass line !
Token : I do n’t know how to play bass .
Cartman : * facepalms * how many i have to tell you , you ’re black , you know how to play bass .
Token : I ’m getting sick of your steriotypes .
Cartman :
Be as sick as you want , just give a god damn bass line !
* Token proceeds to give a great bass line *
HBO is teaming with James Gandolfini to develop an U.S. version of the hit French Canadian single - camera comedy series Taxi - 22 as a potential starring vehicle for the Sopranos star .
The project , to be written by comedy veteran Dave Flebotte , ( Desperate Housewives ) centers on a politically incorrect cab driver in New York City struggling to keep his life together .
It is being developed at Gandolfini ’s Attaboy Films production company , which has a deal with HBO .
Gandolfini is executive producing with Flebotte , Gandolfini ’s managers Nancy Sanders and Mark Armstrong , Dennis Erdman , Clark Peterson and the creators of the original series Patrick Huard and Francois Flamand .
Robert Horn is a consultant .
Huard , a top Canadian comedian , also stars on the Canadian series , now in its fourth season .
Erdman and Peterson licensed the format rights from Huard and Flamand and brought the project to HBO and Gandolfini .
Gandolfini has been under a deal at HBO since 2006 and has flirted with a number of series projects , including one that would ’ve had him portray a Roger Ailes - type character at a cable news channel , but is yet to commit to star in its follow - up series to The Sopranos .
Another potential candidate is a show set in the Arctic , which is in very preliminary stages .
On the film side , Attaboy has been developing with HBO Hemingway , a feature about the tempestuous romance between Ernest Hemingway and war correspondent Martha Gellhorn , as a starring vehicle for Gandolfini .
Gandolfini also executive produced the HBO documentary Alive Day Memories : Home From Iraq .
This is an instructable on how to make your own Han Solo in Carbonite chocolate bar !
But using these basic instructions you can make ANY kind of chocolate bar or mold !
So what I used was food grade silicone .
There are many brands who have different names for it .
There are different grades , cures , durometers , ( how flexible it is ) pot life , ( how long you have to work with before it cures )
So you must double check each products specifications .
The main difference is that food grade silicone is non toxic and is platinum cured versus tin cured .
The specific product I used was Smooth on Sil 940 , sampler size .
http://www.smooth-on.com/liqrubr.htm
It 's 2 lbs and about 40 bucks .
But it 's easily enough to do a few molds .
The kit comes with complete instructions and there is a phone tech support in case you get lost .
Just googling " food grade silicone " will find you what your looking for .
Here is the same product , different company , on ebay :
http://cgi.ebay.com/Food-Grade-Mold-Making-Silicone-36oz-Kit-ChocCandy_W0QQitemZ110068383572QQihZ001QQcategoryZ41207QQrdZ1QQssPageNameZWD1VQQcmdZViewItem
Find some place near you that sells it , Tap plastics will be carrying it soon .
You will need the following materials :
- Han Solo in Carbonite toy
- Foamcore ( it 's usually white paper with a foam core )
- Glue gun with a few sticks
( Big tip here , you can use Legos instead of the foamcore / gluegun method , I 'll explain later )
- Food grade silicone ( if you ever wish to use food products in the mold , otherwise regular silicone will work )
- Baking chocolate
I watched all of the videos available on Tap plastics website before I even started .
I suggest you do the same to make the process full proof :)
Especially on mold making !
http://www.tapplastics.com/info/video.php
Remember you can cast any object .
And if you can cast any object you can mold anything into chocolate !
Someone out there is already working on a battle of hoth scene in chocolate .
Complete with chocolate AT - ATs and powdered sugar for snow !
Newt Gingrich is a one - man comedy act , and he does n't even realize it .
Here he is yesterday on Fox News Sunday , exploring new frontiers in Godwin 's Law :
Transcript :
WALLACE : You say President Obama and the Democrats are trying to impose a s secular socialist machine on this country .
...
You also write this , and let ’s put it up on the screen .
" The secular - socialist machine represents as great a threat to America as Nazi Germany or the Soviet Union once did . "
Mr. Speaker , respectfully , is n’t that wildly over the top ?
GINGRICH : No , not if by America you mean the historic contract we ’ve had which says your rights come from your creator , they ’re unalienable , you ’re allowed to pursue happiness .
I mean , just listen to President Obama ’s language .
He gets to decide who earns how much .
...
He has said publicly , generically , " You know , some Americans earn too much , " so he ’s now going to decide that ?
...
So you want a politician to become the arbiter of your dreams .
A politician gets to say , " We ’re going to raise — we ’re going to — we ’re going to have a tax — " and they proposed this at one point —
" We ’re going to have a punitive tax on those we do n’t like .
We ’re going to decide that you have too much money so we ’re going to take it from you . " ...
As a threat to our way of life , the degree to which the secular - socialist left represents a fundamental replacement of America , a very different world view , a very different outcome , I think is a very serious threat to our way of life .
It ’s frustrating to know that when an album like the National ’s High Violet does well on the Billboard charts , it happens at a time when record sales plummeting to figures from 1991 .
That was the year Nielsen Soundscan began tracking album sales .
And , apparently , those numbers had n’t been that low in nearly 20 years .
That was , of course , until this past week , when just about 5.3 million records were sold .
It ’s not much of a surprise when you look at how Justin Bieber ’s multi-chart - topping My World 2.0 only sold a bit more than 60,000 copies and still came in at number 1 .
It also just missed breaking the record for a number 1 album with least copies sold .
But that title is still held by the Dreamgirls soundtrack , which just broke 60,000 sold back in 2007 , according to Billboard .
Also , as Joseph Plambeck of the New York Times ‘ Arts Beat section points out , there were no “ major ” albums released this week .
And I can only guess that these numbers will be ridiculously bloated in June with albums coming from the likes of Diddy , Drake , Eminem , and many other big names .
Ah well , I ’ll take this in stride if this translates into more meaningful records like High Violet sitting in the Top 5 .
Also , props to the Dead Weather for sitting pretty high , too .
The Billboard Top 10 for the last week with copies sold rounded off :
1. Justin Bieber – My World 2.0 – 60,000
2. Lady Antebellum – Need You Now – 54,000
3 . The National – High Violet – 51,000
4. AC / DC – Iron Man 2 – 48,000
5 . The Dead Weather – Sea of Cowards – 45,000
6. Carole King and James Taylor – Live at the Troubadour – 44,000
7. Usher – Raymond v. Raymond – 43,000
8. Charice – Charice – 43,000
9. Godsmack – The Oracle – 43,000
10 . As I Lay Dying – Powerless Rise – 38,000
BP , subcontractors : Spill is the other guy 's fault
Executives of BP America , Transocean and Halliburton get sworn in to testify at a Senate Energy hearing on the Gulf oil spill .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The three oil companies primarily involved in the Gulf of Mexico oil spill blamed each other Tuesday for the accident last month that left 11 workers dead and oil still spewing into the Gulf .
At Congressional hearings , BP ( BP ) , the well 's owner and lead operator of the project , sought to turn attention to Transocean , which had a contract to drill the well for BP using its Deepwater Horizon drill rig .
" Transocean , as owner and operator of the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig , had responsibility for the safety of drilling operations , " Lamar McKay , chairman and president of BP America , told the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee in the morning .
In particular , McKay drew attention to the valve that was supposed to shut off the well in case of an accident .
The valve , known as a blowout preventer ( BOP ) , is owned by Transocean .
" Clearly , the BOP remains a critical piece of equipment throughout all operations to ensure well control , " said McKay .
In written testimony before the hearing , Transocean ( RIG ) said the blowout preventer performed fine in tests just a week before the accident .
While it 's still unclear why the blowout preventer did not work , Transocean chief executive Steven Newman said the preventer is not the ultimate cause of the accident .
He says that there must have been a failure of the well 's cementing or the casing that holds the wells in place .
Either way , Transocean said it 's the responsibility of the well 's owner to set all specifications for the drilling process .
" All offshore oil and gas production projects begin and end with the operator ... in this case , BP , " Newman said .
Newman took a slightly more conciliatory tone during his testimony , but still sought to shift the focus away from the blowout preventer and to the well itself .
" Here was a sudden , catastrophic failure of the cement , the casing , or both , " he said .
" Without a failure of one of those elements , the explosion could not have occurred . "
The well 's cementing was done by Halliburton ( HAL , Fortune 500 ) .
But Halliburton 's chief safety and environmental officer , Tim Probert , said responsibility lay with either Transocean or BP .
" The casing shoe was cemented some 20 hours prior to the tragic incident , " said Probert .
" Had the BOP functioned as expected , this catastrophe may well not have occurred . "
During the cementing of the well , Halliburton simply followed BP 's instructions , he said .
Emergency shut off
Senators were not impressed with the blame game .
" Shifting the blame does not get us very far , " said Sen . John Barrasso , R - Wyo .
" And it does not change America 's need for energy . "
Several senators focused on the blowout preventer , and why it did n't work .
" Should we go forward with deep - water drilling when we know these blow out preventers may not function ? " asked Sen. Mary Landrieu , D - La. , whose state has been severely affected by the spill .
Elmer Danenberger , former head of the Minerals Management Service , the federal agency that regulates offshore drilling , said the blowout preventers usually work .
But in some cases , such as thick sections where two joints come together , the preventers wo n't cut through the pipe , which is necessary to pinch it shut and stop leaks .
Senators wanted to know why there were n't more shears on the blowout preventer in case one shear hit a thick spot on the pipe .
They also asked why other backup systems were not in place .
" That was going to be in place , but apparently it never happened , " Danenberger answered .
It has been speculated that additional shears might make the devices too heavy for older drill rigs to carry .
Minerals Management Service has come under fire as the story of the spill has has unfolded .
The agency has to balance competing priorities : slowing drilling to ensure safety while also generating royalties for the U.S. government .
On Tuesday , the Obama administration announced plans to split the agency in two to avoid conflicting interests .
MMS has also been accused of being too close to the oil industry -- especially after news broke last year that some of its members were partying with and receiving gifts from oil executives .
" You 've all seen the records of the sex parties , the pot parties , " Sen . Bill Nelson , D - Fla. , told a Senate Environment and Public Works panel in the afternoon .
" MMS clearly needs to get cleaned up . "
Who pays ?
Under federal law , BP , as the lead project operator , is responsible for all clean - up costs associated with the spill .
On Monday , BP said it has spent $ 350 million so far .
But damages caused by closure of fishing grounds , shipping lanes and tourist spots could exceed the cleanup costs , and it 's unclear which party will pay those or how much they 'll add up to .
Under current law , BP may only be liable for the first $ 75 million of claims that are expected to run into the billions .
BP has said it will pay all " legitimate claims " when it comes to compensating people for economic loss .
At Tuesday 's hearing , BP 's McKay said the company expects to spend more than $ 75 million on compensating people for the spill .
But under questioning from Sen. Maria Cantwell , D - Wash . , the extent of the commitment was n't clear .
" So you 'll pay for lost fishing opportunities ? , " asked Cantwell .
" All legitimate claims , " responded McKay .
" And lost tourism revenue ? , " asked the senator .
" All legitimate claims , " McKay answered again .
" And how about lost tax revenues to towns and parishes ? , " asked Cantwell .
" Question mark , " said McKay .
" And damages sustained to Louisiana 's brand ? "
" I really do n't know , " said McKay .
While the subcontractors are thought to have some legal indemnification from BP and the federal government , lawyers say they could still be open to lawsuits from fisherman and others affected by the spill .
Ultimately , experts have said total costs could range from $ 2 billion to $ 14 billion or higher , depending on when the leaking well is closed and where the oil washes ashore .
Could fatty fast foods and sugary snacks be as addictive as a hit of heroin ?
Yes , say scientists at the Scripps Research Institute , who released a groundbreaking study this week confirming what binge eaters have long suspected — high - fat , high - calorie foods cause profound chemical changes in the brain .
Here , a look at the study 's findings — and what scientists say people can do to kick their junk addiction .
How was the study conducted ?
Researchers divided rats into three groups .
All three were given unlimited access to standard rat food .
A second group was also given restricted access to " cafeteria - style " foods — cheesecake , fatty meat , sponge cake and chocolate snacks — for an hour every day .
The third group was given " unlimited access " to these options .
What happened to the fat - fed rats ?
The rats whose fat intake was restricted demonstrated no " averse effects , " but the rats given free rein to binge on junk food quickly became obese .
Over time , not even even physical pain could dissuade the fat rats from haunting the cheesecake buffet : " When researchers applied an electric shock to the rats ' feet in the presence of food , the rats in the first two groups were frightened away .
But the obese rats were not .
" Their attention was solely focused on consuming food . "
Why did the obese rats act so differently ?
Researches say their brains ' chemical makeup had changed .
The fat rats ' brains needed more food to trigger the release of Dopamine , the brain chemical that triggers pleasure and comfort .
How is this similar to drug addiction ?
The same phenomenon leads drug abusers to up their dosage .
The initial " high " overstimulates the production of dopamine .
After this first rush of euphoria , however , drug users ( and over - eaters , scientists theorize ) develop a pleasure tolerance , and consume increasingly large amounts in hopes of achieving the same " high , " even when they know it 's excessive .
Did the fat - fed rats regain healthier eating habits after the study ?
Not right away .
" When we removed the junk food and tried to put them on a nutritious diet — what we called the ' salad bar option ' — the rats simply refused to eat , " said Dr. Paul Kenny , a neuroscientist who led the study .
" They basically starved themselves for two weeks . "
Are n't the scientists who published this study giving fat people a " get out of jail free " card ?
No , say scientists .
While this study gives the medical community valuable insight into the " genetic " basis for overeating ( people with low dopamine receptors are more susceptible to all types of addiction ) , " environmental factors , and not just genes " are also involved .
Like drug users , over - eaters can overcome their addictions , though the brain makes the job more difficult .
How could this study alter weight loss efforts in the future ?
Current dieting methods — calorie counting , going " cold turkey " and simply " developing self - control " — might soon be antiquated .
Instead , doctors may start exploring drug- addiction therapies ( yes , including " junk food rehab " ) to treat obesity .
Some are even suggesting that scientists start searching for a " chemical cure " to food addiction , like a pill to blunt the pleasure of starchy carbohydrates or unrefined sugar .
( 1:1 b , 3 ) " Things which must shortly come to pass ...
The time is at hand . "
John believed that the things that he wrote about would happen soon , within his own lifetime .
After nearly 2000 years , believers still believe that " the time is at hand " and that the events described in Revelation will " shortly come to pass . "
What the Bible says about the end of the world
( 1:4 ) " From the seven Spirits which are before his throne . "
The " seven Spirits " are the seven spirits of God ( 4:5 )
( 1:5 ) " Jesus ... washed us ... in his own blood . "
( 1:7a ) " He cometh with clouds ; and every eye shall see him , and they also which pierced him . "
Millions have lived and died without ever seeing Jesus descend from the sky .
Such an event , if it ever occurred , could only be seen by all on a flat earth .
Will Jesus ' second coming be visible to all ?
( 1:7 b ) " All kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him . "
Everyone on earth will wail because of Jesus .
( 1:8 ) " I am Alpha and Omega . "
What was Jesus H. Christ 's real name ?
( 1:10 - 11 ) John 's vision began when he was in the Spirit on the Lord 's day .
He heard a loud voice claiming to be Jesus , telling him to write a book and send it to seven Asian churches .
( 1:12 - 20 ) John 's Jesus is surrounded by seven golden candlesticks .
He has white hair , eyes of fire , and feet of brass .
He holds seven stars in his hand and has a sword sticking out of his mouth .
He has the keys of hell and death .
( 1:12 - 13 ) " I saw seven golden candlesticks .
And ... the Son of man , clothed with a garment down to the foot , and girt about the paps with a golden girdle . "
( 1:14 - 15 ) " His head and his hairs were white like wool , as white as snow ; and his eyes were as a flame of fire .
And his feet like unto fine brass . "
( 1:16 ) " He had in his right hand seven stars : and out of his mouth went a sharp twoedged sword . "
( 1:17 ) " I am the first and the last . "
Is Jesus God ?
( 1:18 ) " I ... have the keys of hell and of death . "
( 1:20 ) " The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches : and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches . "
PITTSBURGH , MARCH 22 , 2010 -- Significant numbers of today 's women and underrepresented minority chemists and chemical engineers ( 40 percent ) say they were discouraged from pursuing a STEM career ( science , technology , engineering or mathematics ) at some point in their lives , according to a new Bayer Corporation survey .
U.S. colleges are cited by them as the leading place in the American education system where discouragement happens ( 60 percent ) and college professors as the individuals most likely responsible for the discouragement ( 44 percent ) .
The U.S. K - 12 education system falls short , too .
On average , the survey respondents give it a " D " for the job it does to encourage minorities to study STEM subjects and a " D+ " for girls .
The Bayer Facts of Science Education XIV survey polled 1,226 female , African ‑American , Hispanic and American Indian chemists and chemical engineers about their childhood , academic and workplace experiences that play a role in attracting and retaining women and underrepresented minorities in STEM fields .
" If we want to achieve true diversity in America 's STEM workforce , we must first understand the root causes of underrepresentation and the ongoing challenges these groups face , " said Greg Babe , President and CEO , Bayer Corporation .
" We want to knock down barriers .
If we can do that , we 'll be able to develop the attitudes , behaviors , opportunities and resources that lead to success . "
Other major findings include :
Regardless of gender , race or ethnicity , interest in science begins in early childhood .
Nearly 60 percent of the respondents say they first became interested in science by age 11 .
This parallels the findings of a 1998 Bayer Facts survey of American Ph.D. scientists , which included white men .
In that survey , six - in - ten also reported interest in science by age 11 .
More than three - quarters ( 77 percent ) say significant numbers of women and underrepresented minorities are missing from the U.S. STEM workforce today because they were not identified , encouraged or nurtured to pursue STEM studies early on .
The top three causes / contributors to underrepresentation in STEM include lack of quality science and math education programs in poorer school districts ( 75 percent ) , persistent stereotypes that say STEM is n't for girls or minorities ( 66 percent ) and financial issues related to the cost of education ( 53 percent ) , according to the survey respondents .
They say science teachers play a larger role than parents in stimulating and sustaining interest in science .
During the elementary school years , 70 percent of the respondents say teachers have the most influence .
During high school , 88 percent say teachers do .
Nearly two - thirds ( 62 percent ) of those polled say underrepresentation exists in their company 's / organizations / institution 's workforce .
Leading workplace barriers for the female and minority chemists and chemical engineers include managerial bias ( 40 percent ) , company / organizational / institutional bias ( 38 percent ) and a lack of professional development ( 36 percent ) , no / little access to networking opportunities ( 35 % ) , and a lack of promotional / advancement opportunities ( 35 percent ) .
Nearly three - quarters ( 70 percent ) of the chemists / chemical engineers say it is harder for women to succeed in their field than it is for men , while more than two - thirds ( 67 percent ) think it is more difficult for minorities to succeed than it is for non-minorities .
Across the board , respondents give their companies / organizations / institutions a " C " for having women and underrepresented minorities in senior positions to serve as role models and mentors for the younger employees .
" This and previous Bayer Facts surveys confirm something I 've long known - that interest in science is genderless and colorless , " said Dr. Mae C. Jemison , astronaut , medical doctor , chemical engineer and Bayer 's longtime Making Science Make Sense® spokesperson .
" All children have an innate interest in science and the world around them .
But for many children , that interest hits roadblocks along an academic system that is still not blind to gender or color .
" These roadblocks have nothing to do with intellect , innate ability or talent , " said Dr. Jemison .
" On the contrary , they are the kinds of larger , external socio-cultural and economic forces that students have no control over .
As students , they cannot change the fact that they do not have access to quality science and math education in their schools .
But adults can .
And we must . "
###
Survey Methodology
The survey , conducted by Pittsburgh - based research firm Campos Inc. , polled a total of 1,226 Caucasian women , Asian women , African - American men , African - American women , Hispanic men , Hispanic women , American Indian men and American Indian women .
For each group , a minimum number of interviews were established to determine any statistically significant differences among the groups .
This was done to reveal commonalities and differences of experiences among the groups .
Based on this sample size , the statistical reliability achieved is +/- 3 percent margin of error at a 95 percent confidence level .
About Bayer Corporation
Bayer Corporation , headquartered in Pittsburgh , is a subsidiary of Bayer AG , an international health care , nutrition and high - tech materials group based in Leverkusen , Germany .
The company 's products and services are designed to benefit people and improve their quality of life .
At the same time Bayer creates value through innovation , growth and high earning power .
The Corporation is committed to the principles of sustainable development and to its role as a socially and ethically responsible corporate citizen .
Economy , ecology and social responsibility are corporate policy objectives of equal rank .
In North America , Bayer had 2009 net sales of approximately 7.7 billion euros ( about $ 10.7 billion ) and employed 16,300 at year end .
For more information , go to www.bayerus.com.
Formalized in 1995 , Making Science Make Sense is Bayer 's national award - winning initiative to advance science literacy through hands - on , inquiry - based science learning , employee volunteerism and public education .
Note for Journalists : Visit the online press room http://bayerfactsofscience. online-pressroom .
com / for all of the Bayer Facts of Science Education survey materials .
The site contains the survey 's Executive Summary , related side bar stories , survey participant quote sheet , a link to past Bayer Facts surveys , images and broll footage .
Contact :
Bryan Iams , phone : ( 412 ) 777-5200
E-mail : bryan.iams.b@bayer.com
Forward - Looking Statements
This news release may contain forward - looking statements based on current assumptions and forecasts made by Bayer Group or subgroup management .
Various known and unknown risks , uncertainties and other factors could lead to material differences between the actual future results , financial situation , development or performance of the company and the estimates given here .
These factors include those discussed in Bayer 's public reports which are available on the Bayer website at www.bayer.com.
The company assumes no liability whatsoever to update these forward - looking statements or to conform them to future events or developments .
Russia ’s infatuation with beer has grown steadily over recent years and the army is no exception .
So , when soldiers were called in to bolster a week - long struggle to rescue 10 tonnes of beer trapped under Siberian ice , it only took them a day to retrieve it … the delivery lorry did n’t really matter .
The lorry carrying the beer sank when trying to cross the frozen Irtysh River , and a rescue team of six divers , 10 workers and a modified T - 72 tank have managed to save the load , but not the truck .
The driver managed to jump to safety before the lorry sank .
'' The situation has n't developed according to our ideal scenario , '' the deputy head of the Cherlaksky region , told the agency .
Temperatures were around minus 27 degrees Celsius ( minus 17 degrees Fahrenheit ) in the region , near the Siberian city of Omsk and around 2,200 km ( 1,400 miles ) from Moscow .
The soldiers eventually managed to retrieve the barrels of beer but the rope holding the lorry snapped and it slipped back under the water .
The local Omsk brewery where the delivery had been destined to arrive said the freezing temperatures probably kept the quality of the beer from deteriorating and said it will still accept the consignment .
It plans to sell the beer at a discount .
Reuters
Back to main page
RENTON , Wash . -- A 12 - year - old girl has been suspended for the rest of the year because she brought party poppers to Nelson Middle School in Renton .
Her father , Louis Green , told KIRO News she was suspended 18 days for being in possession of an explosive material .
Party poppers are sold as toys .
They have a small explosive charge that makes a popping noise and sprays confetti when you pull a string .
-- The Associated Press
So the sun is out , and already a long summer at the multiplex is yawning ahead , bringing with it the promise of all manner of last - legs franchises , cod-ironic homages to 80s TV and late - stage - career Tom Cruise vehicles .
For me , however , the real treat will come as the last weeks of the season ebb into autumn , at which point the most spectacular ride of the lot is due in cinemas , a movie with more visual wonder and dazzlement in its first five minutes than a weekend 's worth of 3D extravaganzas .
That film is Metropolis , now scheduled for a September British re-release .
But it wo n't quite be the Metropolis you may remember .
Rather , it is now ( more or less ) the film that Fritz Lang always meant it to be but which , for almost its entire lifespan after its 1927 premiere , lacked long passages of lost footage – only for a near - complete print to be located in a dusty corner of a Buenos Aires film museum back in 2008 , with the hitherto missing scenes authenticated and slotted into a new edit .
And now , while America will get the first run of the finished article , the restored account of skyscrapers and subterranea is to be given a spin in UK cinemas too .
All of which is , in cinephile circles , about as big a draw as draws get .
But what hopefully wo n't be overlooked in the excitement is that even without those long - lost scenes , Lang 's masterpiece was always a vital experience in both senses of the word , one that should be getting regular exposure on the big screen anyway , and which after 83 years still makes for joyous and downright startling viewing .
For anyone new to it ( and actually , everyone else too ) , it 's as unique a piece of film - making as cinema offers , no amount of passing time dulling its imaginative power .
Really , watch just the trailer for the US re-release , and I defy you not to still be just a little astonished .
In fact , whether at 90 minutes or two and a half hours , I 've always felt Metropolis is the one film capable of convincing even the most blinkered cynic of the pleasures of silent cinema .
Clearly , in an age in which everything from Caligula to Alien is now considered lacking without a 3D revamp , not everyone is going to accept that its rightful place is not in the archive but the Cineworld and Vue – but the thing about Metropolis is that its sweeping modernist grandeur is so far removed from the stereotype of the silent movie as creaky and slightly risible as to pretty much put it to bed .
There are others , of course , that could also do the job : no one with a sense of either humour or adventure could fail to love The General ; Paul Leni's The Man Who Laughs has a timeless melodramatic oomph ; The Cabinet of Dr Caligari remains indelibly unnerving .
But all of them would need at least some measure of investment from the audience , a willingness to be watching a silent in the first place – whereas I truly believe that if you put Metropolis in front of an unsuspecting crowd at the local movie house , that after a few awkward minutes of giggling and shuffling about , its strange , hypnotic spell would still have its way with them .
And another 83 years down the line , while of course I 'm sadly unlikely to be here to collect , I 'd make a bet it would do the same again .
Lena Horne , an African American pioneer who fought for equality as an artist - activist , died May 9 at age 92 .
She is remembered as a crusader for civil rights and a symbol of black pride .
In a statement President Obama said Horne was “ one of our nation ’s most cherished entertainers . ”
Obama continued , “ From the time her grandmother signed her up for an NAACP membership as a child , she worked tirelessly to further the cause of justice and equality .
In 1940 , she became the first African American performer to tour with an all white band .
And while entertaining soldiers during World War II , she refused to perform for segregated audiences – a principled struggle she continued well after the troops returned home . ”
Obama said he and First Lady Michelle Obama “ join all Americans in appreciating the joy she brought to our lives and the progress she forged for our country . ”
Horne broke new ground for black performers during the 1940s after signing a long - term contract with MGM .
She made appearances in several movie musicals at the time .
But the studio made sure her scenes could be easily cut from the film when it played in the South , where Jim Crow racism ran rampant , and white audiences saw black actors as only playing servants or savages .
Horne refused to play maids and other stereotypical roles for black actors .
Horne was unafraid to take on racism , and during World War II she criticized the way black soldiers were treated .
She also collaborated with First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt in passing anti-lynching legislation in Congress .
When her tenure ended with MGM , Horne said she , along with her friend Paul Robeson and countless others were blacklisted from Hollywood during the 1950s anti-communist McCarthy period .
In the early 1960s , Horne became increasingly active , participating in numerous marches and protests .
She marched with Medgar Evers in Mississippi and Martin Luther King Jr. in Washington .
Born in 1917 , Horne is considered part of the “ greatest generation ” that fought fascism and discrimination , yet , in many ways many African Americans and others of that time were lost to a crippling and violent national prejudice towards blacks and people of color .
“ But she was also a symbol , in the best sense of the word , of what it takes to get through stormy weather to the rainbow on the other side , ” notes a recent Boston Globe editorial .
Horne is most remembered for her 1943 role in an all - black musical called “ Stormy Weather , ” which was the title song she sang in the film that became her signature performance .
Although blacklisted in Hollywood , she triumphed on Broadway , TV and on the concert stage as well as on some 40 albums .
Later in life Horne is also remembered as playing Glinda the Good Witch in “ The Wiz , ” the movie version of the all - black Broadway musical based on “ The Wizard of Oz . ”
She was also a frequent guest to Sesame Street , where she transformed Joe Raposo ’s “ Being Green ” into a personal testament of breaking racial barriers .
In 1981 , Horne was back on Broadway in a one - woman show , “ Lena Horne : The Lady and Her Music , ” telling her story which ran for 14 months and won rave reviews and two Tony Awards .
Horne ’s career represents a trailblazing life of someone who fought back with a fierce sense of identity as a black woman and a leading lady .
She showed and proved to the world , many note , that despite racial prejudice , being black is beautiful .
Even though Horne suffered the same discrimination that kept other blacks from living up to their full potential , she never denied her heritage .
Writing in the Washington Post Eugene Robinson called Horne an “ infiltrator ” and one of the most significant American entertainers of the 20th century .
“ She was able to bridge the gap between black and white in a way that others could not , ” writes Robinson .
“ She could be vocal , even strident in her advocacy for civil rights ; she could be a proud black woman who stood up for African American causes and refused to back down .
But she could do all of this without ever seeming alienated . ”
He adds she would sing “ Stormy Weather ” on the Ed Sullivan show and “ she would own the stage – a glamorous , elegant revolutionary who helped change the way American eyes perceived black and white . ”
Reflecting on her achievements
Horne at age 80 said : “ My identity is very clear to me now .
I am a black woman .
I ’m free .
I no longer have to be a ‘ credit . ’
I do n’t have to be a symbol to anybody ; I do n’t have to be a first to anybody .
I do n’t have to be an imitation of a white woman that Hollywood sort of hoped I ’d become .
I ’m me , and I ’m like nobody else . ”
Photo : Lena Horne in the film “ Till the Clouds Roll By , ” 1946 .
( Public Domain )
If you wish to contact us about anything , you can reach us the following ways : Twitter : http://twitter.com/craigbaird
Facebook : Search for " You 've Got Dead On You " E-mail : cjzomcast@gmail.com
Ad Rates
Our ad rates :
10 second ad spot : $ 50
20 second ad spot : $ 100
30 second ad spot : $ 150
There are three ad spots per podcast going all the way back to episode 1 of the series .
You can choose any episode you like and any spot you like within the episode depending on what is still available .
Each ad spot campaign runs for six months before it needs to be renewed .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 16/5/2010 ( 3790 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
The NHL and the city of Glendale have not reached a contract and there remains a " disconnect " between the two parties according to Ice Edge Holdings partner Daryl Jones .
Jones told the Free Press on Sunday that he and his partners , or anyone else interested in buying the Phoenix Coyotes from the NHL , are on hold until a deal is made between the NHL and the city of Glendale .
Glendale city council voted last Tuesday to give city manager Ed Beasley the authority to negotiate a deal with the NHL in order to satisfy conditions the league has demanded be met in order to prevent them from relocating the team .
Chief among those conditions is that the city agree and put in place financial mechanisms to cover any operating losses incurred by the Coyotes should the NHL be forced to operate the team next season .
" This is coming down to the 11th hour .
The NHL needs to basically have the $ 25 million the city agreed to in an account where they can draw the money down when they need it .
The city wants to control the money and what it is dispersed for .
There ’s a real disconnect at this point , " said Jones , who has been involved in negotiations with both the city and the NHL in an attempt to purchase the team and operate it out of Glendale ’s Jobing.com Arena .
" The NHL is focused solely on trying to get a deal with the city right now .
So no one is having negotiations with the NHL as far as purchasing the team goes .
I received an email from the NHL this weekend saying they still do n’t have a deal . "
The NHL purchased the Coyotes out of bankruptcy last fall and operated them last season with operation losses in the neighbourhood of US $ 30 million .
The NHL has a deadline of June 30 to move the Coyotes out of Phoenix without penalty as per the bankruptcy judgement set down by Judge Redfield T. Baum .
True North Sports and Entertainment has been in negotiations with the NHL to purchase the Coyotes in the event the league elected to relocate the team .
The NHL and True North agreed upon a deadline of last Friday to consummate their deal and it passed with the NHL still hoping to solve its problems in the desert .
Lots of things about commuting are aggravating .
High on that list is the productivity that gets smothered while you 're snarled in traffic .
You can only bang along on the steering wheel to Clyde Stubblefield for so long before you start getting antsy to convert the stop - and - go into some forward momentum on a project .
Now , what if the whole commute could be as comfortable as the leather seats in an Infiniti G37 while you spent the entire ride with your nose buried in your laptop ?
Bay Area commuters can park the car , pay a bit more for a luxuriously - outfitted bus , and recapture that formerly lost commute time .
It 's more efficient and has a smaller carbon footprint than 52 individual cars with just a single occupant idling away , too .
Bauer 's Limousine Service , a company that already zips Silicon Valley worker bees from hive to hive , has added four first - class - only buses to its fleet , and it calls the idea Wi -Drive .
There 's Wi -Fi , power , TV , even meals and coffee on the Wi-Drive buses .
A one - way ride will put the hurt on a ten - dollar bill , and there 's still some coordination to work out with pick - up and drop - off points , but it could be worthwhile for the increase in productivity and the better disposition you 'll have after spending that hour and a half working , or just surfing Bring A Traile r , instead of pounding your head against the wheel in frustration while you sit in traffic .
[ Source : The Wall Street Journal
Outrage at secret probe into 47,000 innocent flyers
Police secretly investigated the travel habits , family , friends and backgrounds of 47,000 innocent people last year after they bought plane tickets to fly into and out of Britain .
The intrusiveness has provoked fury among civil liberties campaigners and now may be stopped by Britain ’s new coalition Government .
The flyers were singled out by the ‘ terrorist detector ’ database , introduced by Labour , monitoring millions of British tourists and other travellers .
Checks included scrutiny of the police national computer , financial records and analysis of ‘ known associates ’ before people were cleared for travel .
Police secretly investigated the travel habits of 47,000 innocent people last year
Yet it is understood the £ 1.2 billion system has never led to the arrest of a terrorist – and police now use it to target ‘ sex offenders and football hooligans ’ .
Police have also used it to produce 14,000 intelligence reports on travellers for ‘ future use ’ .
They can be shared by security services worldwide .
‘ Suspect ’ requests likely to lead to innocent holidaymakers receiving ‘ red flags ’ as potential terrorists include ordering a vegetarian meal , asking for an over - wing seat and travelling with a foreign - born husband or wife .
The system will also ‘ red flag ’ anyone buying a one - way ticket and making a last - minute reservation and those with a history of booking tickets and not showing up for flights .
A history of travel to the Middle East , Pakistan , Afghanistan or Iran will also trigger an alarm .
The new figures , produced by the Association of Chief Police Officers , cover the ten months to this February .
Police arrested 2,000 people – out of a total of 48,682 investigated – after they were flagged up by the computer system .
It is tied into airlines ’ ticketing networks and makes judgments about travel habits and friends and family to decide if passengers are a security risk .
All information passengers give to travel agents , including home address , phone numbers , email address , passport details and the names of family members , is shared with an unknown number of Government agencies for ‘ analysis ’ and stored for up to ten years .
The Home Office claims the system has led to arrests of murderers and rapists – and to 1,000 people being denied entry to Britain .
But it refused to say if any terrorists had been caught by the system , despite it being a counter - terrorist measure .
Even as the ‘ profiling ’ system went live , its reliability was being called into question .
An internal Home Office document revealed that during testing one ‘ potential suspect ’ turned out to be an airline passenger with a spinal injury flying into Britain with his nurse .
Last night a police source said the e-borders system was proving an invaluable tool to covertly track terrorists and their associates and had also led to large numbers of serious criminals being brought to justice .
The highly - placed source acknowledged that because travel data was being examined on an ‘ industrial scale ’ , ‘ mistakes were made ’ but said the system was designed to minimise intrusion into innocent lives .
OTTAWA — The Conservative government is defending its nomination of a Quebec judge who used to be a lawyer for members of the Hells Angels .
The Tories named Jacques Leger , a former Conservative party president , to the Quebec Court of Appeal in January 2009 .
But media reports have revealed that Leger advised members of the biker gang on commercial rights before he became a Quebec Superior Court justice in 2006 .
The NDP and Bloc Quebecois blasted the government during question period over Leger ’s nomination .
Natural Resources Minister Christian Paradis defended the appointment , saying that all candidates must go through a rigorous nomination process .
But when pressed by the NDP to elaborate on Leger 's qualifications , the Tories stayed mum .
The opposition parties questioned whether the ex-Hells Angels attorney should be in a position to preside over cases involving the biker gang .
Radio -Canada reported this week that Quebec Court of Appeal Chief Justice Michel Robert pulled Leger from a case that involved four Hells Angels .
The report said Leger had not raised any concerns about a possible conflict of interest in hearing the case .
Bloc Quebecois Leader Gilles Duceppe expressed outrage at the nomination .
" How can this government — this defender of law and order — be so partisan that it would name a judge to the Court of Appeal after he represented the Hells Angels ? "
Duceppe told the House of Commons on Thursday .
What would the 1980s have been without big hair and ice - cold wine coolers ?
Luckily no one had to find out :
Key substitutions in hairsprays and refrigerants allowed such products to exist without chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) , which were found to be ripping a huge " hole " in Earth 's protective ozone layer .
Today the ozone hole , which was first spotted 25 years ago , appears headed for a happy ending , thanks to unprecedented international action .
Could a similar effort rein in climate change ?
And is the closing ozone hole actually making global warming worse ?
Ozone at High Risk From CFCs
The ozone layer lies between about 9.3 and 18.6 miles ( 15 and 30 kilometers ) above Earth 's surface .
This blanket of ozone , or O3 , blocks most of the sun 's high - frequency ultraviolet rays .
These UV rays can cause skin cancer and cataracts in humans , as well as reproductive problems in fish , crabs , frogs , and even in the single - celled phytoplankton at the bottom of the ocean food chain .
Ozone is created naturally when oxygen molecules ( O2 ) high in the atmosphere get broken by sunlight into two free oxygen atoms .
A free atom can then bond with an unbroken O2 molecule , and ozone is born .
Ozone is unstable , however , and it 's easily broken up by trace elements .
Invented in the 1920s , CFCs proved to be an exceptional problem for ozone , because many of these synthetic chemicals can persist for decades , allowing them to make their way into the upper atmosphere .
( Related : " Rocket Launches Damage Ozone Layer , Study Says . " )
In that rarefied air , ultraviolet light breaks the molecular bonds in CFCs and free chlorine atoms get released .
Chlorine then destroys ozone molecules by " stealing " their oxygen atoms .
Ozone Hole a Shocking Surprise
Scientists had theorized since the 1970s about the chemistry that could lead to ozone depletion .
But in May 1985 scientists with the British Antarctic Survey shocked the world when they announced the discovery of a huge hole in the ozone layer over Antarctica .
Technically a substantial thinning of the ozone layer , the ozone " hole " has been opening every spring since the 1970s , the scientists reported .
Their data , collected at the Halley Research Station in Antarctica , suggested that CFCs were to blame .
That 's because atmospheric conditions during the cold , dark , Antarctic winters were building stockpiles of CFCs over the South Pole .
Returning spring sunshine would then spawn an abundance of free chlorine , depleting ozone levels above Antarctica by as much as 65 percent .
( Related : " Laughing Gas Biggest Threat to Ozone Layer , Study Says . " )
" One lesson is that the planet can change very rapidly in an unexpected way , " said Jonathan Shanklin , one of the British scientists who made the ozone hole discovery and co-author of a paper on the ozone hole anniversary appearing in this week 's issue of the journal Nature .
" Nobody was expecting to see anything like this in the Antarctic . "
Fixing the Ozone Hole a Unanimous Decision
The disturbing discovery set the stage for an environmental triumph : the Montreal Protocol of 1987 .
This pact to phase out the use of CFCs and restore the ozone layer was eventually signed by every country in the United Nations — the first UN treaty to achieve universal ratification .
The unparalleled cooperation has had a major impact .
" If we had just kept letting CFCs increase at a pretty nominal rate , characteristic of the 1970s , the decreased ozone levels of the hole would have eventually covered the entire planet , " said atmospheric physicist Paul Newman of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center .
" Global ozone dropped a little bit [ after CFCs were banned ] , but the good news is that if we had done nothing , it would have gotten really , really bad . "
Now a complete rebound seems imminent .
Some scientists project that by 2080 global ozone will return to 1950s levels .
Now How About Global Warming ?
As climate scientists around the globe urge action to curb greenhouse gas emissions , might the ozone hole experience provide some useful parallels ?
Perhaps , experts say — but the situations do have some significant differences .
In the 1980s people were faced with the clear and present health dangers from ozone depletion , leading to widespread public support for CFC bans .
" There was a scary side of the ozone hole , linked to skin cancers and cataracts and so on , which immediately engaged the public , " the British Antarctic Survey 's Shanklin said .
" The real impact of what a rapidly warming world could do is not so obviously intuitive . "
Chemical manufacturers were also able to create substitutes for CFCs with little added costs , enabling governments to address the problem without great impacts on the economy or average lifestyle .
Global warming , on the other hand , has become a politically loaded and often divisive topic .
And many potential fixes to the problem — such as alternative energies and reduced consumption — could cause major disruptions to economic and geopolitical norms in a way that replacing CFCs simply did not , Shanklin said .
Ozone Recovery to Warm Antarctica ?
Meanwhile , some scientists say the environmental triumph of a recovering ozone layer could have a troubling side effect : boosting global warming , at least in the Antarctic region .
Ozone itself is a greenhouse gas .
A thinner ozone layer not only reduced heat trapped over the region , it helped stir circumpolar winds , which in turn created sea spray that formed reflective , cooling clouds .
" It 's very difficult to quantify the impact on a global scale , but I think the evidence suggests filling the hole will have a regional effect on the Antarctic , possibly leading to more warming for the bulk of the Antarctic , " Shanklin said .
" That could drastically change predictions about global sea level change . "
Ken Carslaw of the U.K.'s University of Leeds was a co-author on the study that suggested closing the ozone hole would lead to a bump in Antarctic warming .
Still , he thinks that any warming mitigation produced by the ozone hole was merely a side effect and not a net gain .
" I would n't say that these discoveries [ of possible warming ] suggest the formation of the ozone hole was a good thing , " he said .
NASA 's Newman agreed : " The consequences of unabated CFC growth were disastrous for life , " he said .
" So at some point you had to act , and fortunately they acted before it became a really severe problem .
We never got to the level of an environmental catastrophe .
The Top 8 MMO Catastrophes Caused by their Players
MMOs , or Massively Multiplayer Online Games , are some of the most popular video games of this era .
Some , like the World of Warcraft or Everquest have economies and populations larger than some countries .
That 's pretty damned impressive .
With all games , especially online ones , there 's a certain amount of adjusting that needs to be done on a regular basis .
Sometimes there 's a goal or a monster that 's insurmountable , other times they 're too easy .
Sometimes it 's the players themselves who have to be adjusted and balanced .
And there are always plenty of software bugs and exploits that need to be found and eliminated .
For the most part , most MMOs operate pretty smoothly on a day to day basis , which is good , since they 're active 24/7 , and most times bugs and exploits are stopped before they become big problems , but those big problems do happen , make no mistake .
Crashes and glitches can be devastating to an MMO 's subscription base , and enough of them can drive players away from the game .
But sometimes it's not a problem with the programming that causes huge disasters in an MMO .
Sometimes it 's the players themselves , being jackasses that can bring an MMO to it 's knees .
It 's in this spirit that I present the Top 8 MMO Catastrophes Caused by Players .
And yes , I do realize that if it were n't for the games ' programmers , most of these list items would n't exist , but it 's the players involved in these sordid tales that actively sought out ways to make their fellows ' lives a living hell , at least as far as the game goes .
8. You Can't Has End of World - The Matrix Online
Ahh , the Matrix Online ; a game where you play a person who is living inside a computer simulation .
If you managed to find a copy of the Matrix Online while playing in the Matrix Online you could have potentially set in motion a series of events that would lead to you spontaneously combusting IRL , or was that in the game ... I forget .
Seriously though , the Matrix Online was released in 2005 and really failed to catch on .
I guess those two shitfest sequel films really turned people away from the property or something .
By the summer of 2009 , Sony decided to shut down the servers for good and finally put a bullet in the brain that was the mortally wounded playerbase .
What better way to end a game than to throw an End - of - Game event right ?
The developers of the Matrix Online decided to give everybody a huge number of abilities for a short amount of time before killing off every player simultaneously .
The downside ?
The Matrix did n't really have a huge number of active players , but everybody who did have subscription was on that night , and they all had access to the most powerful , and graphically intensive abilities in the game .
The end result was chaos .
Computers became unable to process the huge amounts of information coming their way .
The chat log became clogged with last minute insults .
Griefers ran around killing people with a single hit .
It was anarchy , and what 's worst of all , everybody experienced it as a slideshow .
Still , it beats The Matrix : Revolutions .
7 . Thanks for Supporting Us , Now Go Away - Darkfall
With an 8 and 1/2 year development cycle , Darkfall was one of the most anticipated MMORPGs of 2009 .
It boasted lush graphics , intense PVP action and a robust system behind it all .
What people got was substantially less than advertised , but that 's not why they 're on this list .
Darkfall 's problems started even before the game was released .
It was just too damned popular for it 's own good .
Mind you , that 's not a terrible problem to have .
People found themselves unable to preorder the game and if you could n't get a copy of the game before - hand , you were out of luck .
People should only play games when nobody else is playing them to enhance the experience .
Unfortunately , the creators did n't anticipate that every person who bought Darkfall would want to play it , and despite having full knowledge of the number of copies that were floating around out there before launch day , there just was n't the server capacity to hold all of them .
The result was a disaster .
Every player coming on to try out the game on launch day was another person causing problems on the server .
One at a time goddamnit !
This is an MMO , not happy hour !
6. Shut the Fuck Up Already !
- PlayStation Home
To say that PlayStation Home was anticipated is an understatement .
It had been hinted at and teased out in such a way that when it finally did see release , most PlayStation 3 owners hopped right on .
It was a wonderful experience to begin to build a room and head out into the detailed ( albeit small ) world that had been created for players to interact in .
And Sony took security very seriously .
Curse words and racial slurs were censored automatically so they would n't appear in the chat bubbles that began popping up all over the place .
One problem though .
Sony could n't censor what people were saying through their microphones .
It 's safe to say that the vast majority of assholes in online games play first person shooters , and most of those games encourage the use of microphones to help develop group tactics .
So it came to the shock of absolutely nobody when these people began hopping on PlayStation Home and bringing their particular brand of trash talk with them .
After about a week of seeing crudely typed curse words and hearing 12 year olds with amplified microphones and huge distortion screaming the word ' fuck ' screamed at the top of their lungs for hours on end , Sony decided to finally do something about it and began banning troublemakers .
Now PlayStation
Home is no longer Mos Eisley bad , it 's now just Chuckie Cheese in New Jersey bad .
5. Being a Prick 101 - City of Heroes
Being an asshole comes easy to some people .
Others have to work at it , and what better way to learn how than from a University Professor .
David Myers of Loyola University decided to find out just how much of an asshole he could be while playing City of Heroes , and then , likely in a bid to get the university to pay his subscription fees , made a behavioral study out of it .
Calling himself
Twixt , Professor Myers began playing by the rules , killing villains ( other players ) using a teleportation power to relocate them directly in front of a firing squad .
Understandably this made him extremely unpopular .
Villain - characters would attack
Twixt in large groups to attempt to drive Myers from the game .
When that failed , they began attacking him with * gasp * words !
They sent him threatening messages , attacked him on forums , and when Myers took a short break from the game , reported that he had been banned permanently for using a racial slur .
The professor used the abuse he received from angry players to publish a paper : Play and Punishment : The Sad and Curious Case of Twixt ( doc file ) .
The name Twixt still drums up butt - hurt feelings from City of Heroes players to this day .
Not bad for a professor .
Did you like this article ?
Then try :
ALERT : Florida Legislature Considers Teaching Alternative To Evolution
We need you help .
The Florida house of representatives voted to give special protection to teachers that teach the controversy about evolution , but failed to protect those who want to explore geocentrism .
Here 's more information and how you can help .
Teach the Controversy
There has long been a scientific controversy about the theory of Heliocentrism .
On April 30th 1633 even Galileo reconsidered this foolish notion .
If your local school board is open to teaching controversies , ask them to teach this one too .
Need Help ?
We would be glad to help you ; simply contact us via e-mail E-mail .
We 'll help with press releases , stickers , signs , and speakers .
What does this have to do with Evolution ?
Absolutely nothing .
Some troublemakers have suggested that our drive to teach an Earth Centered theory of the Universe , a universe that may have been laid out by God Almighty has something to do with evolution .
Nothing could be further from the case .
What about Intelligent Design
An intelligent designer may have created an earth centered universe .
If so , he could make the universe complex enough that to those that lack faith in him a non-earth centered universe appears to be a simpler explanation for the observed phenomenon .
The simplest explanation for facts might just be the wrong explanation .
How you can help | Gravitation | Links | Nobel Winners | About Us | Store | Reward
Former Pakistan coach Intikhab Alam has launched a scathing attack on the national players , calling them ' mentally retarded ' during their forgettable tour of Australia earlier this year , where they failed to win a single match .
The English daily , Dawn had secured documents from the Pakistan Cricket Board , which contained Intikhab 's views on his players while he was in charge .
The board had set up an inquiry committee to identify the players responsible for the defeats .
Intikhab , who was replaced by Waqar Younis after the tour , revealed that apart from their woeful on - field performance , the players failed to conduct themselves in a proper manner off the field as well .
" I felt that they are mentally retarded people , " Intikhab was quoted as saying to the committee .
" There is a mental problem with our players .
They do n't know how to wear their clothes and how to talk in a civilized manner . "
The PCB took action against seven players it believed were responsible for Pakistan 's failures .
The captain Mohammad Yousuf and Younis Khan were banned indefinitely , Shoaib Malik and Naved - ul - Hasan were banned for a year while Shahid Afridi and the Akmal brothers were fined and placed on probation for six months .
Yousuf and Younis were accused of infighting and having a negative influence on the team .
Yousuf announced his retirement from international cricket after the ban and is the only one among the punished players who did n't appeal .
The six players who appealed will appear before a one - man tribunal headed by Irfan Qadir , a retired high court judge .
Intikhab , however , identified Malik as someone with a " negative attitude " who was " active in intrigues in the team " .
Quoting an example of the factions that had developed within the team , Intikhab confessed to hearing that a group of " six to seven " players had gone to the former captain Inzamam - ul - Haq 's house before the UAE tour prior to the Australia series , where they " took oath on the Quran that they will remain united against ( the then captain ) Younis Khan " .
But Malik , a former captain , denied that allegation and said that the players had vowed to remain united in case a team member was dropped " unjustifiably " .
He added that the oath was taken in Yousuf 's hotel room and not at Inzamam 's house .
When Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi was asked at a press conference to comment on Intikhab 's views , he said : " I do n't know about these things but when I do I will definitely tell you . "
LOS ANGELES — Jordan
Yospe had some notes on the script for “ The 28th Amendment , ” a thriller about a president and a rogue Special Forces agent on the run .
Some of the White House scenes were not detailed enough , Mr. Yospe thought .
And , he suggested , the heroes should stop for a snack while they were on the lam .
“ There ’s no fast - food scene at all , but they have to eat , ” he said .
Mr. Yospe was not a screenwriter , not a producer , not even a studio executive .
No , Mr. Yospe was a lawyer with the firm Manatt , Phelps & Phillips .
He was meeting with the writer - producer Roberto Orci , who co-wrote “ Transformers ” and “ Star Trek , ” to talk about how to include brands in “ The 28th Amendment . ”
In the past , studio executives made deals to include products in films .
Now , with the help of people like Mr. Yospe , writers and producers themselves are cutting the deals often before the movie is cast or the script is fully shaped , like “ The 28th Amendment , ” which Warner Brothers has agreed to distribute .
Now , having Campbell ’s Soup or Chrysler associated with your project can be nearly as important to your pitch as signing Tom Cruise .
KHAN NESHIN , Afghanistan 
Five - year - old Sadiq was not a casualty of war .
He was simply unlucky .
The boy had opened a sack of grain at his home early on Wednesday morning , and a pit viper coiled inside lashed up and bit him above the lip .
His father , Kashmir , knew his son was sure to die .
With no hospital anywhere nearby , he rushed the boy to an American outpost to plead for help .
By midafternoon , Sadiq ’s breathing was labored .
Respiratory failure was not long off .
The events that followed unfolded like a tabletop counterinsurgency exercise at a military school .
On one hand , the United States military ’s medical capacity , implanted across Afghanistan to care for those wounded in the war , could not be used as primary care for the nation ’s 29 million people .
On the other hand , would the officer who upheld this policy be willing to watch a 5 - year - old die ?
Since last year , Helmand Province has been the scene of the most intensive combat in Afghanistan .
Marine patrols and the Taliban fight daily , and helicopters are needed to evacuate the wounded .
Commenter
Mike recently laid out a nice explanation of the line numbering system in Aachen , Germany , and then asked , fatefully :
How do professionals assign line numbers ?
The answer is : Much as geeky amateurs do , when drawing imaginary networks .
It ’s a process of ( 1 ) imagining beautiful systems of order , and ( 2 ) willing them in to being .
Unfortunately , real - world professionals have to proceed through the additional steps of ( 3 ) clashing with proponents of competing systems , ( 4 ) enduring the derision and sabotage of anarchists , and finally ( 5 ) resigning to a messy outcome where only traces of beauty remain , visible “ between the lines ” so to speak , for those still capable of enchantment .
All this is visible , for example , in a slice of the bus network in San Francisco :
Look at the numbers of the east - west lines , from top to bottom , focusing on the right part of the image between Fillmore and Van Ness avenues , where the pattern is clearest .
The sequence is : 1 , 2 , 3 , 38 , 38L , 31 , 5 , 21 , 6 , 71 .
Here , obviously , is a kind of Parthenon of line numbering , a ruined but still recognizable system of order :
At one time , starting with Line 1 and proceeding south , there was a series of lines numbered 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , in more - or - less geographical order .
The numbers 31 , 38 and 71 were added later , by those anarchists I mentioned .
( UPDATE 2015 : With Neoclassical visionaries back in charge , line 71 has been renumbered back to 7 , restoring a bit of the previous order . )
The number 21 is a trace of a different system of order .
Originally , the one - digit numbers referred to lines that flow into downtown , mostly along Market St. , while the 20 - series referred to lines that cross Market , generally running perpendicular to the first group .
The north - south lines 22 and 24 in this image still tell that story , and as I understand it , the 21 used to flow across Market , though it was revised long ago to flow into Market and thus ruin the beautiful pattern .
Line numbering , in short , is really a dialogue between three impulses :
Grand Synthesizing Visionaries , who imagine schemes where each number will not just refer to a line , but reveal its exact position and role in the network .
For example , these visionaries may think up schemes that recall the patterns of numbered streets and avenues in many North American cities , or the similar numbering of the US Interstate system .
Anarchists , who need a number for a new line , do n’t care about the vision , and pick whatever number comes to mind .
Conservatives , who believe that once a line number is assigned it should never be changed , no matter how offensive it may be to the Visionaries .
Conservatives are responsible for the permanence of various reckless numberings made by Anarchists over the years .
Of course , there are really four or more characters in the dialogue , because there ’s usually more than one Visionary , and Visionaries , by their nature , prefer their own visions to other people’s .
The most common vision of line numbering is to categorize lines by location .
In small networks of lines all radiating from a point , it ’s common to see numbers assigned sequentially going around the circle .
In Portland , for example , these radial lines used to be numbered clockwise starting with North Portland , and very astute eyes can still see traces of that largely ruined pattern .
Networks that have always been grids will sometimes be numbered according to the grid pattern .
Thus , for example , a quick glance at the Las Vegas network map shows that the east - west lines , in order from south to north , are 201 , 202 , 203 , 213 , 204 , 206 , 207 , 215 , 208 , 209 , 210 , 211 , 218 , 219 — a reasonable effort to hold back the anarchists .
I started out life happy to number lines in geographical order , but over time I ’ve realized that people need to understand what kind of service a line provides even more than they need to know where it goes .
So I generally advocate line numbering systems that reflect crucial distinctions in either
frequency and span ( is the service running when I need it ? ) or
rapid vs local stopping pattern ( is the service designed to be ridden long distances or short ones ? )
For example , I always recommend a numbering scheme for peak - only commuter express services that distinguishes them from any all - day services in the same area , because peak service tends to be more complex than all - day service and can therefore tend to obscure it , whether on a map or on a numerical list of lines .
But above all , line numbering is a lesson in the impermanence of all things , and especially of visions of the perfectly ordered city .
In this article I ’m going to try to please the male readers , female readers , and trainers .
If you ’re simply looking for a good butt workout then skip down to the bottom of this article .
But if you want some substance and you really want to understand the glutes , then you should probably read the entire article .
Ladies
Okay ladies , you say you want a nice butt .
You like to talk about how you ’re going to get your butt into top shape .
You get envious when you see a woman with a perfect butt prancing around .
Well here ’s your opportunity !
I ’m going to give you the ultimate program to improve the appearance of your butt .
Best of all , it ’s free !
The World ’s Best or Worst Relationship Advice Ever …
I ’ve trained enough women in my time as a personal trainer to know that most of them would do just about anything to get their man to pay more attention to them .
I ’m far from a relationship expert but here ’s one thing that women could stand to learn about men .
We are all very shallow .
Have you ever witnessed the crap that an attractive woman with a perfect booty can get away with ?
She can tell stupid jokes and every guy will laugh .
She can nag at her boyfriend and he ’ll cave in and comply with her every demand .
She ’ll get job opportunities that she does n’t deserve .
In essence , she can get away with practically murder .
Why do guys act like this ?
Because the mere thought of getting to see her naked turns us into robots !
Want to know the single best thing you can do to get your man ’s attention ?
Work overtime on your booty !
I ’m not saying it ’s right , I ’m just saying it ’s a fact of life .
Even women have a hard time keeping their eyes off of a woman with a perfect booty even if they have no lesbian tendencies !
It ’s almost hypnotic .
As a matter of fact , I bet this article alone would cause most men’s ’ testosterone levels to rise 30 % just from looking at the pictures .
Sexual attraction is biochemical ; do n’t ever underestimate the role of hormones when dealing with relationships .
Admit It !
It ’s Hard to Look Away !
If you can transform your booty into something like this your man will become your puppet .
How do I know this ?
At my Scottsdale studio called Lifts several guys came to my gym to personally thank me for making their girl ’s butt look so good .
My female clients would tell me that their men were turning into perverts , groping them constantly throughout the night .
One of my clients said she had to start pretending she was asleep to avoid her husband ’s persistent sexual advances .
The good thing for women is that men are pretty lenient with booty size as long as there ’s good shape .
Seriously , as long as your booty is round , firm , and perky it can be small like that of Jessica Alba or Anna Kournikova or big like that of Kim Kardashian or Vida Guerra .
Throughout this article analyze the booties on the various women .
There exists one common theme ; they ’re all round and delicious .
Men
Men , I realize that many of you want a nice butt but you ’re not allowed to admit it .
It ’s just not manly to work the glutes .
So I ’ll do you a favor and word everything in this article toward women .
Just know that the same advice that applies to them applies to you .
Okay men , let ’s fantasize for a minute .
Envision a world full of Reef bikini models scouring the Earth .
Everywhere you go you see scantily clad women running around showing off their perfect booties .
Of course this vision is impossible but right now I ’d estimate that less than one out of a hundred women have butts like the girls in the picture above .
For simplicity ’s sake , let ’s say that 1 % of woman have a rockin’ behind .
What if we could triple that and take it to 3 % ?
That ’s three times the number of great booties out there roaming the Earth .
How can we turn this dream into reality ?
Let ’s make a pact .
Anytime you hear a woman complain about her butt , send them to this article .
Email the link to as many ladies as you know .
If you ’re a trainer , start implementing the methods herein and teach your clients how to perform the newer exercises you ’ll see later in the article .
We have to at least try !
Perhaps you are in a relationships .
I do n’t care how much you love your girlfriend or wife , you know you ’d be a little more “ into ” her if she looked like this :
Women Do n’t Listen to Their Boyfriends !
Unfortunately , from my experience women do n’t listen to their boyfriends and husbands .
You can tell them exactly what to do and they wo n’t follow your advice .
Whether it ’s the whole , “ Never a prophet in your own land ” phenomenon , or they simply feel more confident when they pay for the advice or hear it on television , you probably have a hard time getting through to them .
So make me out to be the bad guy .
Direct them to this article .
Whenever they complain about their butts or vow to “ get their butt in shape , ” you tell them that the Glute Guy has laid out a perfect plan for them .
Trainers
Personal trainers , would you like to become the best trainer in your area at sculpting booties ?
Would you like more clients ?
At the risk of sounding cocky I believe that I ’m the most effective trainer in the world at delivering quick and dramatic results for individuals who wish to make their butts look better .
In this article , I ’m going to reveal my secrets .
I ’m going to hand them over to you so you can be a “ master butt sculptor ” and a “ glute guru . ”
But first allow me to go off on a tangent .
When I had my Scottsdale studio , I was turning out nice booties like they were on an assembly line .
Here ’s an example of one of my client ’s results over the course of year :
I took a risk and chose to not renew my lease in hopes that I could become a popular fitness writer so I could spread my methods .
The way I saw it , as a personal trainer I could only affect dozens of clients .
However , as a writer I could “ train the trainers ” and affect literally thousands of clients .
If I can get you aboard , the number of people I affect can raise exponentially .
Abandon Your Ideals and Get the Job Done !
I know a lot of strength coaches and personal trainers .
Some of the coaches work for teams while some have their own facilities .
Out of all of the coaches I know who own their own facilities , all of them take on personal training clients .
Sure , they train a lot of athletes , but they also train regular folks .
Most regular personal training clients come to trainers for body sculpting purposes !
It is our job to deliver to them the results they want .
If a male client wants big biceps but you ’re so anti-bodybuilding that you wo n’t prescribe him a single biceps - isolation exercise , or if a female client wants a nice butt but you wo n’t prescribe her a single glute isolation exercise then you are doing them a disservice .
The reason why celebrity trainers get popular is often due to the fact that they ’re the best at listening to what their clients want and designing a program specific to those needs .
Most coaches and trainers are too hung up on their own ideals to maximize their effectiveness as trainers .
Should We Train Women Like Athletes or Bodybuilders ?
This question comes up a lot .
The answer is neither .
Bodybuilding exercises such as leg press , hack squats , leg extensions , and leg curls serve no purpose in a woman ’s routine .
These exercises act on the quads and hamstrings , not the glutes .
The quickest way to get a great booty is to focus on glute exercises .
Every lower body exercise a woman performs should hit the glutes hard .
When you do this , the quads and hamstrings get plenty of stimulation but the glutes grown in proportion to the legs .
You do n’t want the quads and hams to grow while the glutes remain dormant .
This will make the glutes look even worse as they will be overshadowed .
However , certain bodybuilding methods are advisable when training women .
More on this later in the article .
Furthermore , when you train athletes you get them as strong and powerful as possible regardless of the physique adaptations that are imposed .
Sport - specific exercises like power cleans can build up a woman ’s traps too much .
Even squats and deadlifts if progressed upon over and over and over can get a woman ’s quads and backs too big .
However , many sport - specific methods are advisable when training women .
What Caused Me to Write this Article ?
To be honest , I try really hard to write about all kinds of fitness - related topics .
I do n’t want to “ type- cast ” myself into a trainer who only specializes in the glutes .
Truthfully , I ’m very interested in all the body ’s muscles , joints , and systems .
I love sport - specific training , max - sprint speed development , bodybuilding , powerlifting , Olympic weightlifting , strongman , MMA , and physical therapy .
About the only thing I ’m not that interested in is endurance events and any sport or event where the hips do n’t move through much of a range of motion .
However , I ca n’t help but write about the glutes when I keep seeing room for improvement in the fitness industry .
In the past week alone I ’ve stumbled upon several online forms of media which enticed me to write this article .
The Brazilian Butt Lift Infomercial
First , while I was working on a TMuscle article late Monday night ( sometimes I keep the television on in the background just so I feel like a normal human being who stays connected with the outside world ) , an infomercial caught my eye .
It was called The Brazilian Butt - Lift .
A Brazilian trainer named Leandro Carvalho who is referred to as “ the supermodel ’s secret to a perfect butt ” has supposedly created the ultimate plan to sculpt a woman ’s butt to perfection .
Although Leandro has also been referred to as the “ Butt Master , ” and “ Tush Technician , ” I could create a much better program .
I ’m not saying the program would sell better ( to make an infomercial work there are lots of things to consider .
Infomercial companies usually end up making fun-looking dvd ’s with a lot of dancing , including bands for resistance because they ’re easy to ship , a simple diet plan , and a whole lotta shady science ) , but I am saying that the program would work better .
Here are some things I noticed throughout the infomercial :
Bad
1 . There was a ton of lumbar compensation during the various exercises by the models .
You want the glutes performing the movements ; not the spinal erectors !
2 . There were misleading graphics and information inferring that the glute medius and glute minimus add to the lower - outer shape of the glutes .
This is n’t true ; they ’re smaller muscles that located on the upper - outer glutes .
3 . I did n’t see a single bridging movement being performed .
Bridging movements reign supreme for glute activation and constant tension .
4 . The program included tons of lunging and squatting movements despite the creator ’s claim that they are n’t optimal because they bulk up the quads .
I ’m not saying lunging and squatting movements are bad ; I ’m just saying that it was a blatant contradiction .
5 . There were misleading before / after photos involving women who in the after - pics would excessively arch their low backs and anteriorly tilt their pelvises to create the illusion that the shape of their butts improved when in actuality they simply altered their postures .
6 . Lots of fun dancing that may burn a lot of fat but wo n’t do much for butt sculpting
7 . There appears to be a lack of progression schemes .
People start at totally different levels .
One person may be able to start off squatting against resistance while another may take months to build up the strength , mobility , and stability to be able to perform a bodyweight full squat .
8 . No weights for more advanced customers .
Sure , you can get a great a great butt with just bodyweight exercises , but weights will allow you to get there much quicker .
This is Bullshit !
I Guess Nowadays
You can Completely Fabricate Anatomy
This is More Realistic
Good
1 ) Leandro spoke about how the butt needs variety and ca n’t be sculpted optimally by just hitting it from the same angles over and over .
Amen !
Hallelujah !
This is what I ’ve been preaching for the past several years !
Unfortunately I was n’t popular until several months ago so no one heard me shouting .
Many of these things are to be expected from an infomercial ( especially a Beach Body infomercial ; they have it down to an exact science ) .
Valerie Waters on Fitcast
Earlier this week I was listening to a podcast featuring Valerie Waters .
She mentioned that she is known in Hollywood for her ability to get women ’s butts looking very good in a very short period of time .
While I have no doubt that she does a great job at sculpting booties , I am positive that she could do better .
I hope that she reads this blog so she can become even better at what she does .
In this article , Valerie lists her top 3 butt sculpting moves as the Valslide reverse lunge , high step up , and standing donkey kick .
Obviously Valerie is going to be a bit biased since she is the inventor of Valslides .
While these are excellent glute exercises , there are even better ones for sculpting the butt .
For the record , I like the Valslide reverse lunge .
Some individuals see more glute activation by using Valslides than they do with a regular reverse lunge due to the ability to better control the eccentric component of the exercise .
However , in advanced exercisers it flip - flops .
For example , I ’m advanced and I see less activation when I use Valslides in comparison to reverse lunges with the same amount of resistance because I am able to more effectively use the hip flexor muscles of my rear leg to contribute to the lift which decreases the contribution required from the glutes of the forward leg .
And while high step ups are amazing and often underrated for glute development , donkey kicks have much room for improvement as they are way too easy for most individuals .
We need to set the bar high if we want to better the world ’s glutes !
Adam Campbell on Dr. Oz
The other day I saw that Adam Campbell from Men ’s Health Magazine made an appearance on The Dr. Oz Show .
He did an excellent job as he gave the thumbs down to the thighmaster and butt - toning shoes .
He also did a great job recommending Valslide lunges and glute bridges .
However , many individuals find regular glute bridges too easy .
Beginners start out at very different levels .
Some ca n’t do a single bodyweight bilateral glute bridge while activating their glutes significantly , while others can bust out a hundred repetitions .
In fact , I once trained a stripper who busted out a hundred bodyweight glute bridges during her warm - up in her very first session with me .
I told her to do 20 and she cranked out 100 in probably 50 seconds .
It was crazy !
Obviously her job and “ extra- curricular activities ” gave her a head - start on typical clients but you have to inform people how to progress in an exercise or you ’ll turn the advanced clients off .
I sure wish Adam would have told the audience that they can place a dumbbell in their lap for extra resistance once they are able to perform 20 repetitions .
I ’m obviously very advanced in glute strength but I can do ten barbell glute bridges with 495 lbs .
A bodyweight glute bridge gets my mean and peak glute activation to around 20 % and 35 % mean and peak activity depending on the exact location of the electrodes .
A barbell glute bridge gets my mean and peak glute activation to around 65 % and 140 % respectively .
Without the use of resistance , many individuals get short - changed .
What a perfect opportunity to spread the word about the barbell glute bridge – on National television !
Oh well , it will have to wait for another day .
Valerie Waters “ Exercises for a Great Butt ” Video
Just recently I came across this video by Valerie Waters .
Again , lots of Valslide lunging .
That ’s one good movement , what about recommending some bridging or quadruped movements ?
We need multiple angles !
Mike Boyle Interview With Valerie Waters : “ How to Get Your Best Butt ”
How To Get Your Best Butt !
Episode # 19 from valerie waters on Vimeo .
A couple of weeks ago I saw this interview with Mike Boyle .
While I certainly agree with much of what Mike is saying , I wish he would have said to people , “ learn how to do single leg hip lifts . ”
Single leg hip lifts are an amazing exercise that Mike programs for his athletes ( I call them single leg hip thrusts ) .
He even figured out a crafty way to use band resistance for them .
Mike ’s been recommending bridging movements for many , many years now .
Remember , we need lots of angles for optimum glute development .
Squats , lunges , deadlifts , single leg hip lifts , etc .
In my opinion Mike missed out on a great opportunity by intentionally “ dumbing it down ” for the audience .
Too many experts and gurus do this these days which is unfortunate .
Do n’t avoid speaking about a great exercise just because the audience may not know what it is .
Instead , take the time to teach them the exercise or at least mention it .
People are pretty resourceful these days .
If they do n’t know of an exercise many will look it up on Youtube or Google or it will plant a seed so that next time they hear about it they will be sure to look it up !
Physiologically , How do we Transform a Booty from Pathetic to Perfect ?
Most women do n’t understand what needs to take place in order to go from flab to fab in the glute region .
Their butts are often flabby and wide so all they can think about is making their butts smaller .
This makes them want to starve themselves and perform a ton of cardio .
While they certainly need to whittle off the fat , they usually do n’t have any muscle or shape underneath their fat so they would be left with nothing but a flat , saggy butt after the fat had melted off .
In order to have a nice looking butt , a woman must have muscular shape to give it the sought - after round , perky , and lifted appearance .
You want glute depth , not width .
It ’s not easy to build glute muscle so they must train hard and intelligently .
The good news is that exercises that work the glutes are difficult so they significantly raise the metabolism .
A simple booty workout is actually a form of HIIT ( High Intensity Interval Training ) so the workout will burn fat off of the butt while simultaneously adding muscular shape .
This is how you get a nice butt !
Look at all the pictures in this article .
Nearly all of the girls have more glute muscle than a typical woman .
Benefits of Using Different Exercises to Hit Different Angles
Let ’s say that all a woman ever does for her glutes is squats and lunges .
Unfortunately squats and lunges always hit the quads really well but for some individuals they do n’t hit the glutes very hard .
Some individuals do n’t use good form and therefore fail to hit the glutes during squats and lunges , and some individuals simply have unique anthropometries ( body - types ) which prevents their glutes from getting maximally targeted from squats and lunges even if they ’re using great form .
To obtain the best butt possible , we need to hit the glutes from a variety of angles with a plethora of exercises .
Look closely at Ronnie Coleman ’s glute fibers .
When analyzing the fibers , it makes sense that they ’d need a variety of exercises to maximize their potential .
Special Glute Experiment – More on Exercise Variety for the Glutes
A few months ago I decided to conduct a unique experiment where I placed electrodes on the glute medius , upper glute max , mid glute max , and lower glute max and performed a variety of hip extension , hip abduction , and hip external rotation movements while measuring the electromyography ( EMG ) activity in the various muscle parts .
Here is a chart that shows the results of the experiment ( the top number is the mean or average activation according to maximum voluntary contraction ( MVC ) while the bottom number is the peak or highest activation according to MVC ) :
The Winners
Based on this experiment , here are the top three exercises in terms of mean and peak activity for each muscle part :
Glute Medius
Mean : Quadruped Hip Circle , Band Standing External Rotation , Barbell Hip Thrust
Peak : Quadruped Hip Circle , Quadruped Band Donkey Kick , Quadruped Hip Extension
Upper Glute Maximus
Mean : Barbell Hip Thrust , Band Skorcher Hip Thrust , Quadruped Hip Circle
Peak : Quadruped Hip Extension , Barbell Hip Thrust , Bird Dog
Mid Glute Maximus
Mean : Band Standing Hip External Rotation , Band Skorcher Hip Thrust , Barbell Hip Thrust
Peak : Band Standing Hip External Rotation , Band Skorcher Hip Thrust , Cable Standing Hip External Rotation
Lower Glute Maximus
Mean : Deadlift , Band Hip Thrust , Band Standing Hip External Rotation
Peak : Single Leg Hip Thrust , Shoulder Elevated Single Leg Hip Thrust , Deadlift
As you can see , the results were pretty shocking .
My findings indicate that the glutes show varying levels of activation in the different regions of the muscles depending on the exercise performed .
Of course , we already knew that the various heads of the delts , pecs , and traps have varying roles and levels of activation depending on the exercise , but this study indicates that the same is true regarding the glutes and possibly more muscle groups .
This experiment has huge implications for sport - specific training and figure training as maximum glute activation appears to be region - specific and requires a variety of movement patterns to optimize activation across the entire spectrum of muscle fibers .
This experiment also lends validity to “ low - load activation training ” as the glutes seemed to be highly activated by certain simple bodyweight movements such as quadruped hip extensions , single leg hip thrusts , bird dogs , and quadruped hip circles .
It also has huge implications for research as it shows that data will be considerably different depending on where the electrodes are placed on the glutes for EMG experiments .
What in the Hell is the Skorcher ?
The Skorcher is a machine I invented to be able to perform hip thrusts with extra range of motion and band resistance .
I am not having it manufactured so you will not be able to perform Skorcher hip thrusts .
Just perform barbell hip thrusts instead .
Here ’s a video of yours truly performing band Skorcher hip thrusts while rockin’ out to Miley Cyrus !
What Rep - Range is Best for the Glutes ?
Most texts state that the gluteus maximus are a 60 - 68 % slow - twitch muscle .
This lends support to going light for high reps .
However , an overwhelming amount of journal studies show that the glutes do n’t activate much in simple tasks such as walking or standing from a seated position .
This lends support to going heavy and / or explosive for lower reps .
Anecdotally , bodybuilders have realized that the lower body tends to respond best to higher rep ranges .
However , I believe that we should utilize low reps , medium reps , and high reps when trying to build the glutes and shape the butt .
Just consider the exercises themselves .
Some exercises lend themselves better to heavy weight for lower reps such as squats and deadlifts .
Some exercises lend themselves well to medium reps such as hip thrusts , pull throughs , and walking lunges .
And some exercises lend themselves well to high reps such as side lying abductions and side lying clams .
Going Too Heavy and Going Too Light
Let ’s say I prescribe a client really heavy pull - throughs or walking lunges .
In the case of the pull - through , they ’ll stumble and lose their balance and fail to work their glutes .
If you go too light you wo n’t work the glutes either so there ’s a happy medium that must be reached with pull - throughs .
The same goes with walking lunges .
Go too heavy and you wo n’t maintain forward momentum .
It ’ll look like a static lunge followed by a farmer ’s walk .
Again , a happy medium must be reached to work the glutes the best , form ca n’t be compromised but there needs to be ample tension on the glutes .
Here are examples that illustrate this concept :
Benefits of Doing Squatting / Lunging Movements
These movements work the quads really well and they work the glutes best in a position of deep stretch .
Because of the eccentric activity in the stretch position , they lead to the highest levels of glute soreness and inflammation .
This muscular damage is a critical part of hypertrophy adaptations .
Several journal studies support this last statement .
Many folks believe that the squat or lunge is the best glute exercise .
Maybe they ’re right ; maybe they ’re wrong .
Benefits of Doing Deadlift / Good Morning Movements / Back Extension / Reverse Hyper Movements
These movements work the hamstrings really well and they move the hips through a full range of motion while hitting the glutes pretty hard .
Many folks believe that the deadlift is the best glute exercise .
I ’ve heard some say that the back extension is the best .
Maybe they ’re right ; maybe they ’re wrong .
Benefits of Doing Bridging / Kickback Movements
These movements keep the knees bent while they move the hips through a full range of motion .
Because of the bent knees which decreases hamstring contribution and increases glute contribution and the emphasis on end - range contraction , they lead to the highest levels of cramping or “ pump . ”
This pump is a critical part of hypertrophy adaptations as well .
Several journal studies support this concept despite what many naysayers believe .
Most of my clients believe that barbell glute bridges , hip thrusts and pendulum quadruped hip extensions are the best glute exercises due to the fact that they “ feel ” their glutes working most in these movements .
Maybe they ’re right ; maybe they ’re wrong .
We do n’t know enough about hypertrophy to know for sure .
Benefits of Doing Abduction / External Rotation Movements
Abduction exercises often hit the upper glutes really hard while external rotation movements hit the entire glutes really well .
In fact , as you can see in the chart above the band external rotation is an amazing glute exercise … most likely the best glute isolation movement in existence .
It ’s difficult to master , but if you can do it , you ’re glutes will respond very favorably !
Doing these movements first in a routine often allows the client to feel their glutes working more on subsequent exercises which is a huge plus .
Why Most Personal Trainers Fail
Many personal trainers fail at delivering great glutes to their clients because of several reasons .
First , they do n’t adequately understand the concept of progressions .
Most start their clients off with too much weight or too difficult a variation to handle .
Second , they do n’t understand corrective exercise .
Many clients can’t automatically perform squats or hip thrusts .
They need to improve their ankle , hip , and thoracic mobility , they need to learn how to activate their glutes , they need to improve their flexibility in various muscles , etc .
You ca n’t just throw a bar on someone ’s back and tell them to squat .
Start out with bodyweight , progress or regress as needed and use corrective strategies to get the clients moving properly .
Why Most Strength Coaches Fail
Some strength coaches fail at delivering great glutes to their clients because they are too rigid in their beliefs to the point where they are anti-bodybuilding .
Female personal training clients often come to coaches / trainers to improve their physique .
This requires the coaches to step out of the box and borrow some techniques from the bodybuilding world .
Get over it !
Some of these methods flat out work , and you ’re not going to injure anyone as long as they use good form .
The Plan
1. Screen
2. Warm -Up
3. Progressions
4. Advanced Protocol
Screen
Ideally prior to your first workout you ’d receive a proper screening .
I ’m biased toward the Functional Movement Screen ( FMS ) but in order to use good form on various exercises you need to have proper levels of mobility and stability in the various joints .
Warm -Up
Ideally for each workout you would warm - up by completing a circuit consisting of drills from each of the following five categories .
The screen would determine which drills and how much of each category should be performed prior to the workout .
The warm - up should last around 20 minutes :
1 ) Foam Rolling / Trigger - Point Therapy – this addresses soft - tissue quality and density , gets rid of trigger points , breaks up adhesions , and increases blood flow to allow for better contractility and flexibility
2 ) Static Stretching – this addresses soft - tissue flexibility .
In general , all of the muscles that act on the hip – from extensors to flexors , abductors to adductors , and external to internal rotators , need to be loose .
3 ) Dynamic Mobility Drills – this addresses mobility and ensures that joints like the ankles , hips , and thoracic spine can move properly to allow for proper movement during exercise performance
4 ) Core Stability Drills – this addresses core stability and ensures that you are able to brace the lumbar spine and move at the hips and thoracic spine in order to produce proper motor patterns
5 ) Glute Activation Drills – this addresses glute activation and ensures that your glutes are turning on and firing properly so you will use them during your workout
Warm -ups are for everyone ; beginners and advanced .
Nobody is too good for them .
We all need to make it a habit of going through the motions of a proper warm - up so our muscles do n’t tighten up and / or quit activating .
Progressions
Ideally you would start at the most basic exercises and demonstrate proficiency before moving on to a more difficult variation .
For example , you must demonstrate that you can squat and lunge with bodyweight before you hold onto dumbbells or place a barbell on your back .
Before performing barbell hip thrusts , you must be able to demonstrate proficiency with bodyweight hip thrusts .
Start with simple bodyweight exercises like squats , static lunges , single leg reaching RDL ’s , glute bridges , quadruped hip extensions , and side lying clams .
Once your form is perfect and you feel the exercises working the right muscles and you are controlling the movement , move onto more difficult variations like bodyweight walking lunges , Bulgarian squats , single leg glute bridges , and bird dogs .
Once you master those , finally you can move onto weighted movements and more advanced variations .
What if I Just Jump Right into the Advanced Protocol Even Though I ’m not Ready for it ?
You will not be able to use good form , you will most likely injure your low back or knees , and your glutes will not look any better than before .
In fact , they ’ll probably look worse since you wo n’t activate them much ( so they wo n’t grow ) but you ’ll definitely activate all the synergists which pick up the slack for the weak glutes ( erector spinae , hamstrings , quads , etc. ) .
This means that the other muscles will grow but your glutes wo n’t so they ’ll look even smaller and more pathetic .
Go about things wisely and start at the bottom and move up gradually .
Advanced Protocol
At last !
This is what you ’ve been waiting for .
The advanced program !
It is important that you ’ve spent adequate time preparing your body to perform the following program and that you have the necessary levels of mobility & stability to perform each of the movement patterns correctly .
Without futher ado , here ’s what you ’re going to do when the time is right :
1. Pick an Abduction / External Rotation Exercise and do 2 sets of 10 - 20 repetitions
Options : x - band walk , band standing abduction , band seated abduction , band / cable hip external rotation
* On these movements you must focus on “ feeling ” the glutes doing the work .
2. Pick a Quad - Dominant Hip Extension Exercise and do 3 sets of 6 -10 repetitions
Options : full squat , box squat , front squat , Zercher squat , walking lunge , high step up , Bulgarian squat , pistol
3. Pick a Hip - Dominant Hip Extension Exercise and do 3 sets of 6 -10 repetitions
Options : deadlift , sumo deadlift , trap bar deadlift , Romanian deadlift , rack pull , single leg RDL , good morning , back extension , reverse hyper
4. Pick a Bent - Leg Hip Extension Exercise and do 3 sets of 10 - 20 repetitions
Options : hip thrust , glute bridge , single leg hip thrust , pull through , pendulum quadruped hip extension
* On these movements you want shorter rest times and you want to try to force as much blood into the glutes as possible .
Think constant tension and think “ pump . ”
You should be waddling like a duck after these movements .
How do I Perform Some of these Movements ?
Here are some videos that can help you out .
I took some videos of my niece who trains with me once per week for the past six months or so .
If a 13 year old girl can do it , so can you !
Pause Squat
Here is my niece doing 3 pause - squats with 95 lbs .
Deadlift
Here is my niece doing 5 deadlifts with 115 lbs .
Bottom - Up Single Leg Hip Thrust
Here ’s my niece doing a new variation I just made up ; I call it a bottom - up single leg hip thrust :
Barbell Glute Bridge
Here ’s my niece performing a barbell glute bridge with 95 lbs for 30 reps !
( Ideally her knees would stay a little more stable ) :
Hip Thrust
Here ’s an entire video I filmed showing how to do a proper hip thrust :
Band Hip External Rotation
Here I show how to do a proper band hip external rotation .
Cables can be used for this exercise as well .
What if I Want to Do a Full - Body Workout , Not Just a Glute Workout ?
No problem , just alternate between lower body and upper body movements and throw in a horizontal press ( bench press , push up ) , vertical pull ( chin up , pull up , pulldown ) , vertical press ( military press , seated db military press ) , horizontal pull ( one arm row , inverted row , seated row ) , and ab / core exercise ( plank , side plank , Pallof press , ab wheel rollout , bodysaw , suitcase carry , landmine , cable chop , cable lift ) .
So one workout could look like this :
band hip external rotation
push up
front squat
chin up
sumo deadlift
db military press
barbell glute bridge
one arm row
ab wheel rollout
If doing full body workouts just do two sets of each exercise .
What if I Want to Work My Butt Out at Home and Do n’t Have any Equipment ?
You can still get a great workout .
Here are a bunch of great glute exercises you can do at home :
How Often Should I Work Out ?
My niece is seeing great results training with me one day per week ( but she also plays volleyball throughout the week ) .
Most people see the best results when they hit their glutes three times per week .
Really strong people like myself see better results when we hit the glutes twice per week .
I ’ve trained some clients five days per week and hit their glutes hard every day with great results .
Bottom line –
The number of days is n’t too important and depends on the training split , the training load and intensiveness , how advanced the lifter is , etc .
I recommend 3 full body workouts per week or 4 upper / lower split workouts ( meaning 2 upper body and 2 lower body workouts per week ) for most women .
Conclusion
There you have it !
That ’s the secret to amazing glutes !
Now spread the word so we can live in a world like this :
The UK General Election Deposit Loss Totaliser
If you want to be a candidate in a UK General Election , you must post a deposit of £ 500 .
If you do n't get more than 5 % of the vote , you do n't get it back .
Being unpopular is expensive – but how expensive , exactly ?
Total deposit losses of the main parties
Percentage of candidates who lost their deposits
Browse main parties
Labour | Conservative | Liberal Democrat | UK Independence Party | Green Party | British National Party | Independent | English Democrats
Browse all parties
Show all
Footnotes
PLASTIC surgeons using explosive - laden breast implants in homicide bombers could be a new terror Al - Qaeda tactic that airport scanning methods may miss .
Terrorists are being fitted with exploding breast implants which are almost impossible to detect , British spies have reportedly discovered .
The shocking new Al Qaeda tactic involves radical doctors inserting the explosives in women 's breasts during plastic surgery - making them " virtually impossible to detect by the usual airport scanning machines . "
It is believed the doctors have been trained at some of Britain 's leading teaching hospitals before returning to their own countries to perform the surgical procedures .
MI5 has also discovered that extremists are inserting the explosives into the buttocks of some male bombers .
" Women suicide bombers recruited by Al Qaeda are known to have had the explosives inserted in their breasts under techniques similar to breast enhancing surgery , " Terrorist expert Joseph Farah claims .
The lethal explosives called PETN are inserted inside plastic shapes during the operation , before the breast is then sewn up .
The discovery of these methods was made after London - educated Nigerian Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab came close to blowing up an airliner in the US on Christmas Day .
He had stuffed explosives inside his underpants .
Airport scanner : Woman sues " perv "
Read more at Foxnews.com .
In - depth :
All the latest travel news
Follow our Twitter blog
Follow our travel reporter and travel editor 's Twitter blog
Transgendered Washington State Attorney General Rob McKenna Betrays His Community
For me the most distressing thing — for me personally — about Washington State Attorney General Rob McKenna joining with the attorneys general of states like Virginia (! ) and Mississippi (! ) in suing to block health care reform is this : Rob McKenna does n't make a big deal about it , but he is the only prominent Republican LGBT elected official in the country .
And yet Rob is attempting to ingratiate himself with openly homophobic teabaggers and Washington state Republican primary voters by blocking the implementation of a health care reform law that , according to critics on the right , will one day pay for " gruesome ' sex change ' operations " — indeed some transsexuals are already getting government - funded sex - change operations .
It 's staggering that Rob McKenna , a female - to - male transsexual , is making it harder for other FTMs ( and MTFs ) to access the life savng sex- reassignment surgery that allowed Rob to become the man he is today .
Rob had the resources to finance his own sex- reassigment surgery — presumably — but that does n't excuse Rob 's cruel disregard for his low - income transgendered brothers and sisters or his making common cause with anti-trans bigots in states like Virginia and Mississippi .
For shame , Rob .
UPDATE : I 'm getting some very angry emails about this post .
What can I say ?
I 'm so sorry .
I wrote the post in a hurry but that 's really no excuse .
But I promise that in all future posts about Rob McKenna I will not fail to include a link to the Facebook page " Washington Tax Payers OPT OUT of Rob McKenna 's Lawsuit . "
Blooms of algae created by pumping nutrients into the ocean can suck up at least ten times more carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) from the atmosphere than was previously thought .
But the findings lend no support to controversial schemes to encourage such blooms in order to reduce global warming , the authors warn .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
The conclusion comes from a survey of a large , annually recurring natural algal bloom near Kerguelen , an archipelago halfway between South Africa and Australia .
Natural vertical mixing of the ocean there steadily supplies iron and other nutrients from sediments at the ocean floor to the surface waters , encouraging phytoplankton growth .
This growth converts carbon in the air ( as CO2 ) to organic matter , thus reducing the amount of greenhouse gas in the atmosphere and alleviating climate warming .
Stephane Blain , a chemical oceanographer at the Oceanography and Biogeochemistry Laboratory in Marseille , France , led a 47 - strong international team to investigate this bloom in detail in early 2005 .
Their results show that the ability of such blooms to suck up CO2 , and to carry that carbon to the ocean floor when the organisms die , is much greater than previous field studies had suggested .
Each atom of iron supplied from below pulled more than 100,000 atoms of carbon out of the atmosphere by stimulating plankton growth during the seasonal bloom , they report in Nature .
In 12 previous experiments carried out since 1993 , during which scientists had artificially ' fertilized ' small patches of ocean with iron nutrient , the observed amount of carbon exported to the deep ocean per amount of iron supplied had been around one magnitude lower .
Dumping at sea
Lack of iron limits biological productivity and CO2 uptake in one - third of the world ocean , and particularly so in the Southern Ocean .
Scientists have long proposed that ' seeding ' such oceans with extra iron could provide an eco-friendly means of reducing CO2 in the atmosphere ; this notion spurred the many experiments in which researchers tried adding iron to small patches of sea .
Aside from the worries associated with ' geo - engineering ' and the knock - on effects this might have on the ecosystem , these experiments were plagued with logistical problems .
Often iron is n't the only nutrient missing from the water , and much of the iron dumped into the sea oxidizes before it can be used by phytoplankton .
An estimated 80 - 95 % of the iron in these experiments has been ' lost ' , often because it simply drifts away or sinks to the deep ocean before organisms near the surface are able to make use of it .
Researchers estimate that dumping huge amounts of iron into large swaths of the sea would absorb no more than 3 % of annual CO2 emissions from fossil - fuel burning .
Article continues : http://www.nature.com/news/2007/070423/full/news070423-8.html
For more information : http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v446/n7139/full/nature05700.html
About being a woman , friend , sister , daughter , writer , amateur filmmaker , melissophobic , and ex-mormon .
After the new Inter Milan 10/11 away shirt , which was published two days ago , we can now show you the first leaked pictures of the new Inter Milan Home football shirt made by Nike .
The New Inter Milan 10/11 Kits will be available here after the official launch .
Thanks to davidecit
" Lost Verticals "
We have to go back !
Just as a bird , wherever it goes , flies with its wings as its only burden , so too , the bhikkhu becomes content with robes to protect his body and with almsfood to maintain his stomach , and wherever he goes he sets out taking only these with him .
Possessing this aggregate of noble virtue , he experiences within himself a bliss that is blameless .
Any kind of material form whatever , whether past , future , or present , internal or external , gross or subtle , inferior or superior , far or near , all material form should be seen as it actually is with proper wisdom thus :
“ This is not mine , this I am not , this is not my self . ”
Siddhārtha Gautama ( Sanskrit / Devanagari : सिद्धार्थ गौतम Siddhārtha Gautama , c. 563/624 – c. 483/544 BCE ) or Siddhattha Gotama in Pali , ; also called the Gautama Buddha , the Shakyamuni Buddha ( " Buddha , Sage of the Shakyas " ) or simply the Buddha , after the title of Buddha , was a monk ( śramaṇa ) , mendicant , sage , philosopher , teacher and religious leader on whose teachings Buddhism was founded .
He is believed to have lived and taught mostly in the northeastern part of ancient India sometime between the 6th and 4th centuries BCE .
There are these four ways of answering questions .
Which four ?
There are questions that should be answered categorically [ straightforwardly yes , no , this , that ] .
There are questions that should be answered with an analytical ( qualified ) answer [ defining or redefining the terms ] .
There are questions that should be answered with a counter - question .
There are questions that should be put aside .
These are the four ways of answering questions .
As quoted in : Ṭhānissaro ( Bhikkhu . ) ( 2004 ) Handful of leaves .
Vol. 3 , p. 80
Digha Nikaya ( Long Discourses ) [ edit ]
Main article : Digha Nikaya
Now in those days , brethren , there shall arise in the world an Exalted One by name Maitreya ...
He shall proclaim the Norm , lovely in its beginning , lovely in its middle , and lovely in the end thereof ...
Now in those days , brethren , there shall arise in the world an Exalted One by name Maitreya ( the Kindly One ) an Arhat , a Fully Enlightened One , endowed with wisdom and righteousness , a Happy One , a World - knower , the Peerless Charioteer of men to be tamed , a teacher of the devas and mankind , an Exalted One , a Buddha like myself .
He of His own abnormal powers shall realize and make known the world , and the worlds of the devas , with their Maras , their Brahmas , the host of recluses and brahmins , of devas and mankind alike , even as I do now .
He shall proclaim the Norm , lovely in its beginning , lovely in its middle , and lovely in the end thereof .
He shall make known the wholly perfect life of righteousness in all its purity , both in the spirit and in the letter of it , even as I do now .
He shall lead an Order of Brethren numbering many thousands , even as I do now lead an order of Brethren numbering many hundreds .
Gautama Buddha in Digha Nikaya as quoted in Avatars down the ages by Felicity Elliot
The seers of old had fully restrained selves , and were austere .
Having abandoned the five strands of sensual pleasures , they practiced their own welfare .
The brahmans had no cattle , no gold , no wealth .
They had study as their wealth and grain .
They guarded the holy life as their treasure .
‘ Brethren , if outsiders should speak against me , or against the Doctrine , or against the Order , you should not on that account either bear malice , or suffer heart - burning , or feel ill will .
If you , on that account , should be angry and hurt , that would stand in the way of your , own self - conquest .
If , when others speak against us , you feel angry at that , and displeased , would you then be able to judge how far that speech of theirs is well said or ill ? ’
‘ That would not be so , Sir . ’
‘ But when outsiders speak in dispraise of me , or of the Doctrine , or of the Order , you should unravel what is false and point it out as wrong , saying : “ For this or that reason this is not the fact , that is not so , such a thing is not found among us , is not in us . ”
‘ But also , brethren , if outsiders should speak in praise of me , in praise of the Doctrine , in praise of the Order , you should not , on that account , be filled with pleasure or gladness , or be lifted up in heart .
Were you to be so that also would stand in the way of your self - conquest .
When outsiders speak in praise of me , or of the Doctrine , or of the Order , you should acknowledge what is right to be the fact , saying : “ For this or that reason this is the fact , that is so , such a thing is found among us , is in us . ” T. W. Rhys Davids trans . ( 1899 ) , Brahmajāla Sutta , verse 1.5-6 ( text at archive.org ) , as cited in : Hajime Nakamura ( 1992 ) .
A Comparative History of Ideas , p. 221-2
‘ That would not be so , Sir . ’
‘ But when outsiders speak in dispraise of me , or of the Doctrine , or of the Order , you should unravel what is false and point it out as wrong , saying : “ For this or that reason this is not the fact , that is not so , such a thing is not found among us , is not in us . ”
‘ But also , brethren , if outsiders should speak in praise of me , in praise of the Doctrine , in praise of the Order , you should not , on that account , be filled with pleasure or gladness , or be lifted up in heart .
Were you to be so that also would stand in the way of your self - conquest .
When outsiders speak in praise of me , or of the Doctrine , or of the Order , you should acknowledge what is right to be the fact , saying : “ For this or that reason this is the fact , that is so , such a thing is found among us , is in us . ”
Whereas some ascetics and Brahmins remain addicted to attending such shows as dancing , singing , music , displays , recitations , hand - music , cymbals and drums , fairy - shows , acrobatic and conjuring tricks , combats of elephants , buffaloes , bulls , goats , rams , cocks and quail , fighting with staves , boxing , wrestling , sham - fights , parades , manoeuvres and military reviews , the ascetic Gotama refrains from attending such displays .
M. Walshe , trans . ( 1987 ) , Sutta 1 , verse 1.13
“ The tongue is like a sharp knife , it kills without drawing blood ; words in the hands of someone skilled can do more damage than a weapon in the hands of a warrior . ”
M. Walshe , trans . ( 1987 ) , Sutta 1 , verse 5
“ Well , Lord , is the soul the same as the body , is the soul one thing and the body another ? ”
“ I have not declared that the soul is one thing and the body another . ”
“ Well , Lord , does the Tathāgata exist after death ? ” …
“ I have not declared that the Tathāgata exists after death . ” …
“ But , Lord , why has the Lord not declared these things ? ”
“ Potthapada , that is not conducive to the purpose , not conducive to Dhamma , not the way to embark on the holy life ; it does not lead to disenchantment , to dispassion , to cessation , to calm , to higher knowledge , to enlightenment , to Nibbana .
That is why I have not declared it . ”
M. Walshe , trans . ( 1987 ) , Sutta 9 , verse 28 , p. 164
Just as a bird , wherever it goes , flies with its wings as its only burden , so too , the bhikkhu becomes content with robes to protect his body and with almsfood to maintain his stomach , and wherever he goes he sets out taking only these with him .
Possessing this aggregate of noble virtue , he experiences within himself a bliss that is blameless .
Sutta 51 , Verse 15 , p. 450
Any kind of material form whatever , whether past , future , or present , internal or external , gross or subtle , inferior or superior , far or near , all material form should be seen as it actually is with proper wisdom thus :
“ This is not mine , this I am not , this is not my self . ”
Sutta 62 , verse 3 , p. 527
Rahula , whatever internally , belonging to oneself , is solid , solidified , and clung - to , that is , head - hairs , body - hairs , nails , teeth , skin , flesh , sinews , bones , bone - marrow , kidneys , heart , liver , diaphragm , spleen , lungs , large intestines , small intestines , contents of the stomach , feces , or whatever else internally , belonging to oneself , is solid , solidified , and clung - to : this is called the internal earth element .
Now both the internal earth element and the external earth element are simply earth element .
And that should be seen as it actually is with proper wisdom thus :
“ This is not mine , this I am not , this is not my self . ”
When one sees it thus as it actually is with proper wisdom , one becomes disenchanted with the earth element and makes the mind dispassionate towards the earth element .
Sutta 62 , verse 8 , p. 528
Rahula , develop meditation that is like water .
...
Just as people wash clean things and dirty things , excrement , urine , spittle , pus , and blood in water , and the water is not horrified , humiliated , and disgusted because of that , so too , Rahula , develop meditation that is like water .
Sutta 62 , verse 14 , p. 530
Do not go by revelation ;
Do not go by tradition ;
Do not go by hearsay ;
Do not go on the authority of sacred texts ;
Do not go on the grounds of pure logic ;
Do not go by a view that seems rational ;
Do not go by reflecting on mere appearances ;
Do not go along with a considered view because you agree with it ;
Do not go along on the grounds that the person is competent ;
Do not go along because " the recluse is our teacher . "
Kalamas , when you yourselves know :
These things are unwholesome , these things are blameworthy ; these things are censured by the wise ; and when undertaken and observed , these things lead to harm and ill , abandon them ...
Kalamas , when you know for yourselves :
These are wholesome ; these things are not blameworthy ; these things are praised by the wise ; undertaken and observed , these things lead to benefit and happiness , having undertaken them , abide in them .
Kalama Sutta - Angutarra Nikaya 3.65
Do not go by tradition ;
Do not go by hearsay ;
Do not go on the authority of sacred texts ;
Do not go on the grounds of pure logic ;
Do not go by a view that seems rational ;
Do not go by reflecting on mere appearances ;
Do not go along with a considered view because you agree with it ;
Do not go along on the grounds that the person is competent ;
Do not go along because " the recluse is our teacher . "
Kalamas , when you yourselves know :
These things are unwholesome , these things are blameworthy ; these things are censured by the wise ; and when undertaken and observed , these things lead to harm and ill , abandon them ...
Kalamas , when you know for yourselves :
These are wholesome ; these things are not blameworthy ; these things are praised by the wise ; undertaken and observed , these things lead to benefit and happiness , having undertaken them , abide in them .
Monks , a lay follower should not engage in five types of business .
Which five ?
Business in weapons , business in human beings , business in meat , business in intoxicants , and business in poison .
5.177 : Vanijja Sutta , as translated by Thanissaro Bhikkhu ( 2001 )
Main article : Dhammapada
Wisdom is born of meditation ; without meditation wisdom is lost .
Knowing this one should conduct oneself so that wisdom may increase .
As rain breaks through an ill - thatched house , passion will break through an unreflecting mind .
Ch. 1 : The Twin Verses , verse 13
He abused me , he struck me , he overcame me , he robbed me ' -- in those who do not harbor such thoughts hatred will cease .
1.3 - 4 ; as translated by Radhakrishnan .
Can there be joy and laughter
When always the world is ablaze ?
Enshrouded in darkness
Should you not seek a light ?
To cease from evil , to do good , and to purify the mind yourself , this is the teaching of all the Buddhas .
No one saves us but ourselves ,
No one can and no one may .
We ourselves must walk the path
Buddhas merely teach the way .
By ourselves is evil done ,
By ourselves we pain endure ,
By ourselves we cease from wrong ,
By ourselves become we pure .
Ch. 165 , as translated in The Dharma , or The Religion of Enlightenment ; An Exposition of Buddhism ( 1896 ) by Paul Carus ; variants for some years have included " We ourselves must walk the path but Buddhas clearly show the way " , but this is not yet located in any of the original publications of Carus .
No one can and no one may .
We ourselves must walk the path Buddhas merely teach the way .
By ourselves is evil done ,
By ourselves we pain endure , By ourselves we cease from wrong , By ourselves become we pure .
Conquer anger with love , evil with good , meanness with generosity , and lies with truth .
Ch. 17 , Verse 223
Indeed , wisdom is born of meditation ; without meditation wisdom is lost .
Knowing this twofold path of gain and loss of wisdom , one should conduct oneself so that wisdom may increase .
Ch. 20 , Verse 282
To cease from evil , to do good , and to purify the mind yourself , this is the teaching of all the Buddhas .
Ch. 14 , Verse 183
Sutta Nipata ( Suttas falling down ) ( Suttas falling down ) [ edit ]
Not by birth does one become an outcaste , not by birth does one become a brahman .
By one 's action one becomes an outcaste , by one 's action one becomes a brahman .
The seers of old had fully restrained selves , and were austere .
Having abandoned the five strands of sensual pleasures , they practiced their own welfare .
The brahmans had no cattle , no gold , no wealth .
They had study as their wealth and grain .
They guarded the holy life as their treasure .
The Group of Discourses , K. R. Norman , trans .
( Oxford : 2001 )
That bhikkhu who has cut off passion in its entirety , like one picking a lotus , both flower and stalk , leaves this shore and the far shore as a snake leaves its old worn - out skin .
That bhikkhu who has cut off craving in its entirety , like one drying up a fast - flowing stream , leaves this shore and the far shore as a snake leaves its old worn - out skin .
§ 2 - 3
Leaving behind son and wife , and father and mother , and wealth and grain , and relatives , and sensual pleasures to the limit , one should wander solitary as a rhinoceros horn .
' This is an attachment ; here there is little happiness , and little satisfaction ; here there is very much misery ; this is a hook . '
Knowing this , a thoughtful man should wander solitary as a rhinoceros horn .
Having torn one 's fetters asunder , like a fish breaking a net in the water , not returning , like a fire not going back to what is already burned , one should wander solitary as a rhinoceros horn .
§ 60 -62
The brahman Kasibhāradvāja addressed the Blessed One with a verse .
' You say you are a ploughman , but we do not see your ploughing .
Being asked , tell us about your ploughing , so that we may know your ploughing . '
' Faith is the seed , penance is the rain , wisdom is my yoke and plough ; modesty is the pole , mind is the yoke - tie , mindfulness is my ploughshare and goad .
...
Thus is this ploughing of mine ploughed .
It has the death - free as its fruit .
Having ploughed this ploughing one is freed from all misery .
§ 75-80
Not by birth does one become an outcaste , not by birth does one become a brahman .
By one 's action one becomes an outcaste , by one 's action one becomes a brahman .
§ 136
Faith is the best wealth for a man in this world .
Righteousness when well practised brings happiness .
Truth is the sweetest of flavours .
They say the life of one living by wisdom is the best .
§ 182
Joined together with bones and sinews , having a plastering of skin and flesh , covered with hide , the body is not seen as it really is — full of intestines , full of stomach , of the lump of the liver , of bladder , of heart , of lungs , of kidneys and of spleen , of mucus , of saliva , and of sweat , and of lymph , of blood , of synovial fluid , of bile , and of fat , ... and its hollow head is filled with brain .
A fool , overwhelmed by ignorance , thinks of it as beautiful , but when it lies dead , swollen up and discoloured , cast away in a cemetery , relatives have no regard for it .
Dogs devour it , and jackals , and wolves and worms .
Crows and vultures devour it , and whatever other living creatures there are .
The bhikkhu possessing knowledge here , having heard the Buddha 's word , indeed understands it , for he sees the body as it really is .
§ 194-202
The seers of old had fully restrained selves , and were austere .
Having abandoned the five strands of sensual pleasures , they practiced their own welfare .
The brahmans had no cattle , no gold , no wealth .
They had study as their wealth and grain .
They guarded the holy life as their treasure .
§ 284-285
Sutta 3.2 . Padhana Sutta [ edit ]
As translated from the Pali by Thanissaro Bhikkhu ( 1999 ) Full text online ,
Sensual passions are your first enemy .
Your second is called Discontent .
Your third is Hunger & Thirst .
Your fourth is called Craving .
Fifth is Sloth & Drowsiness .
Sixth is called Terror .
Your seventh is Uncertainty .
Hypocrisy & Stubbornness , your eighth .
Gains ,
Offerings , Fame , & Status wrongly gained , and whoever would praise self & disparage others .
That , Namuci , is your enemy , the Dark One 's commando force .
A coward can't defeat it , but one having defeated it gains bliss .
I spit on my life .
Death in battle would be better for me
than that I , defeated , survive .
This statement is made in reference to his battle against the personification of temptation to evil , Mara .
Death in battle would be better for me than that I , defeated , survive .
That army of yours ,
that the world with its devas can't overcome , I will smash with discernment
I will go about , from kingdom to kingdom ,
training many disciples .
They — heedful , resolute doing my teachings — despite your wishes , will go where , having gone , there 's no grief .
Sn 3.2 , Buddha 's Purpose
The innumerable worlds in the cosmos are like the eyes of the net .
Each and every world is different , its variety infinite .
So too are the Dharma Doors ( methods of cultivation ) taught by the Buddhas .
Sutra Translation Committee of the US and Canada ( 2000 ) .
The Brahma Net Sutra , New York Brahmajala Sutra ( Mahayana )
Chapter Eight .
On Meat - eating [ edit ]
Thus , Mahāmati , wherever there is the evolution of living beings , let people cherish the thought of kinship with them , and , thinking that all beings are [ to be loved as if they were ] an only child , let them refrain from eating meat .
So with Bodhisattvas whose nature is compassion , [ the eating of ] meat is to be avoided by him .
Even in exceptional cases , it is not [ compassionate ] of a Bodhisattva of good standing to eat meat .
For fear of causing terror to living beings , Mahāmati , let the Bodhisattva who is disciplining himself to attain compassion , refrain from eating flesh .
The food of the wise , Mahāmati , is what is eaten by the Rishis ; it does not consist of meat and blood .
… how can I permit my disciples , Mahāmati , to eat food consisting of flesh and blood , which is gratifying to the unwise but is abhorred by the wise , which brings many evils and keeps away many merits ; and which was not offered to the Rishis and is altogether unsuitable ?
Now , Mahāmati , the food I have permitted [ my disciples to take ] is gratifying to all wise people but is avoided by the unwise ; it is productive of many merits , it keeps away many evils ; and it has been prescribed by the ancient Rishis .
It comprises rice , barley , wheat , kidney beans , beans , lentils , etc. , clarified butter , oil , honey , molasses , treacle , sugar cane , coarse sugar , etc. ; food prepared with these is proper food .
Mahāmati , there may be some irrational people in the future who will discriminate and establish new rules of moral discipline , and who , under the influence of the habit - energy belonging to the carnivorous races , will greedily desire the taste [ of meat ] : it is not for these people that the above food is prescribed .
Mahāmati , this is the food I urge for the Bodhisattva - Mahāsattvas who have made offerings to the previous Buddhas , who have planted roots of goodness , who are possessed of faith , devoid of discrimination , who are all men and women belonging to the Śākya family , who are sons and daughters of good family , who have no attachment to body , life , and property , who do not covet delicacies , are not at all greedy , who being compassionate desire to embrace all living beings as their own person , and who regard all beings with affection as if they were an only child .
If , Mahāmati , meat is not eaten by anybody for any reason , there will be no destroyer of life .
Again , Mahāmati , there may be some unwitted people in the future time , who , beginning to lead the homeless life according to my teaching , are acknowledged as sons of the Śākya , and carry the Kāshāya robe about them as a badge , but who are in thought evilly affected by erroneous reasonings .
They may talk about various discriminations which they make in their moral discipline , being addicted to the view of a personal soul .
Being under the influence of the thirst for [ meat -] taste , they will string together in various ways some sophistic arguments to defend meat - eating .
They think they are giving me an unprecedented calumny when they discriminate and talk about facts that are capable of various interpretations .
Imagining that this fact allows this interpretation , [ they conclude that ] the Blessed One permits meat as proper food , and that it is mentioned among permitted foods and that probably the Tathagata himself partook of it .
But , Mahāmati , nowhere in the sutras is meat permitted as something enjoyable , nor it is referred to as proper among the foods prescribed [ for the Buddha 's followers ] .
… all [ meat - eating ] in any form , in any manner , and in any place , is unconditionally and once for all , prohibited for all .
Thus , Mahāmati , meat - eating I have not permitted to anyone , I do not permit , I will not permit .
Meat - eating , I tell you , Mahāmati , is not proper for homeless monks .
From eating [ meat ] arrogance is born , from arrogance erroneous imaginations issue , and from imagination is born greed ; and for this reason refrain from eating [ meat ] .
There is no meat to be regarded as pure in three ways : not premeditated , not asked for , and not impelled ; therefore , refrain from eating meat .
Mahāparinirvāṇa Sūtra ( or Nirvana Sutra ) ( or [ edit ]
As translated from the Chinese by Kosho Yamamoto ( 1973 ) and revised by Tony Page ( 2007 ) .
Full text online .
From now on , I do not permit my sravaka disciples to eat meat . …
One who eats meat kills the seed of great compassion . … I , from now on , tell my disciples to refrain from eating any kind of meat .
O Kasyapa !
When one eats meat , this gives out the smell of meat while one is walking , standing , sitting or reclining .
People smell this and become fearful .
This is as when one comes near a lion .
One sees and smells the lion , and fear arises .
O good man !
When one eats garlic , the dirty smell is unbearable . …
It is the same with one who eats meat .
It is a similar situation with all people who , on smelling the meat , become afraid and entertain the thought of death .
All living things in the water , on land and in the sky desert such a person and run away .
They say that this person is their enemy .
Chapter Seven : On the Four Aspects
As translated from the Chinese by the Buddhist Text Translation Society ( 2009 ) .
Full text online .
After my nirvana , how will people who eat the flesh of beings deserve to be called disciples of Śākyamuni ?
You should understand that these people who eat flesh may gain some modicum of mental awakening while practicing samādhi , but they are all great rākṣasas who in the end must fall into the sea of death and rebirth .
They are not disciples of the Buddha .
Such people kill and devour each other , feeding on each other in an endless cycle .
How could they possibly get out of the three realms ?
When you teach people in the world to practice samādhi , teach them to renounce all killing .
Part VII , Chapter 2 : On Killing
How then can it be compassionate to gorge on other beings ’ blood and flesh ?
Monks who will not wear silks from the East , whether coarse or fine ; who will not wear shoes or boots of leather , nor furs , nor birds ’ down from our own country ; and who will not consume milk , curds , or ghee , have truly freed themselves from the world .
Part VII , Chapter 2 : On Killing
I can affirm that a person who neither eats the flesh of other beings nor wears any part of the bodies of other beings , nor even thinks of eating or wearing these things , is a person who will gain liberation .
Part VII , Chapter 2 : On Killing
Main article : Vimalakirti Sutra
Listen well , listen well , and mull it over in your thoughts !
To Ratnākara , on the practices carried out by bodhisattvas in purifying the lands .
Chapter I , as translated by Burton Watson , Columbia University Press , 2000 , ISBN : 0231106572 .
Ratnākara , the various kinds of living beings are in themselves the Buddha lands ( buddhakṣetra ) of the bodhisattvas .
Why so ?
Because it is by converting various beings to the teachings that the bodhisattvas acquire their Buddha lands .
It is by persuading various beings and overcoming their objections that the bodhisattvas acquire their Buddha lands .
It is by inducing the various living beings to enter into the Buddha wisdom in such - and - such a land that they acquire their Buddha lands .
It is by inducing the various living beings to develop the capacity for bodhisattva practices in such - and - such a land that they acquire their Buddha lands .
Why is this ?
Because the bodhisattva 's acquisition of a pure land is wholly due to his having brought benefit to living beings .
Suppose a man proposes to build a mansion on a plot of open land .
He may do so as he wishes without hindrance .
But if he tries to build it in the empty air , he will never be successful .
It is the same with the bodhisattvas .
It is because they wish to help others to achieve success that they take their vow to acquire Buddha lands .
Their vow to acquire Buddha lands in not founded on emptiness .
To Ratnākara , on the practices carried out by bodhisattvas in purifying the lands .
Chapter I , as translated by Burton Watson , Columbia University Press , 2000 , ISBN : 0231106572 .
Why is this ?
Because the bodhisattva 's acquisition of a pure land is wholly due to his having brought benefit to living beings .
Suppose a man proposes to build a mansion on a plot of open land .
He may do so as he wishes without hindrance .
But if he tries to build it in the empty air , he will never be successful .
It is the same with the bodhisattvas .
It is because they wish to help others to achieve success that they take their vow to acquire Buddha lands .
Their vow to acquire Buddha lands in not founded on emptiness .
Shariputra , it is the failings of living beings that prevent them from seeing the marvelous purity of the land of the Buddha , the Thus Come One .
The Thus Come One is not to blame .
Shariputra , this land of mine is pure , but you fail to see it .
Chapter I , as translated by Burton Watson , Columbia University Press , 2000 , ISBN : 0231106572 .
All of you Bhikshus , after my Nirvana , you should revere and honor the Pratimoksha .
It is like finding a light in darkness , or like a poor person obtaining a treasure .
You should know that it is your great teacher , and is not different from my actual presence in the world .
The Bequeathed Teachings Sutra [ edit ]
Translated from Sanskrit by : Dharma Master Kumarajiva , then Translated from Chinese by : The Buddhist Text Translation Society ( full text online )
All of you Bhikshus , after my Nirvana , you should revere and honor the Pratimoksha .
It is like finding a light in darkness , or like a poor person obtaining a treasure .
You should know that it is your great teacher , and is not different from my actual presence in the world .
If you have wisdom , you will be without greed or attachment .
Always examine yourselves , and do not allow yourselves to have faults , for it is in this way that you will be able to obtain liberation within my Dharma .
One with true wisdom is a secure boat for crossing over the ocean of old age , sickness , and death .
He is also like a great bright lamp in the darkness of ignorance , a good medicine for all kinds of illnesses , and a sharp axe for cutting down the tree of afflictions .
You should increasingly benefit yourselves by acquiring hearing , contemplating , and cultivating wisdom .
Even though a person only has flesh eyes , if he has illuminating wisdom , he has clear understanding .
If you have all sorts of idle discussions , your mind will be scattered , and even though you have left the home life , you will not attain liberation ... you should quickly renounce and distance yourself from having a scattered mind and idle discussions .
If you wish to be one who attains the bliss of still Extinction , you only need to be skillfully eliminate the peril of idle discussions .
If you have doubt about suffering and the other Four Truths , you may quickly ask about them now .
Do not harbor doubts and fail to clear them up .
When those in this assembly who have not yet done what should be done , see the Buddha cross over to Extinction , they will certainly feel sorrow .
Those who have newly entered the Dharma and heard what the Buddha taught , will all cross over .
They have seen the Way , like a flash of lightning in the night .
The Dharma for benefiting oneself and others is complete .
If I were to live longer it would be of no further benefit .
All of those who could be crossed over , whether in the heavens above or among humans , have already crossed over , and all of those who have not yet crossed over have already created the causes and conditions for crossing over .
From now on all of my disciples must continuously practice .
Then the Thus Come One ' s Dharma body will always be present and indestructible .
You should know therefore , that everything in the world is impermanent .
Meetings necessarily have separations , so do not harbor grief .
Every appearance in the world is like this , so you should be vigorous and seek for an early liberation .
Destroy the darkness of delusion with the brightness of wisdom .
The world is truly dangerous and unstable , without any durability .
My present attainment of Nirvana is like being rid of a malignant sickness .
The body is a false name , drowning in the great ocean of birth , sickness , old age and death .
How can one who is wise not be happy when he gets rid of it ,
All of you Bhikshus , you should always singlemindedly and diligently seek the way out of all the moving and unmoving dharmas of the world , for they are all decaying , destructible , insecure appearances .
All of you , stop ; there is nothing more to say .
Time is passing away , and I wish to cross over to Nirvana .
These are my very last instructions .
Gautama Buddha's Last Sermon [ edit ]
Before his demise , the Buddha gave His last sermon .
It has eight main points :
The more desires one has , the more they will suffer .
Our mere existence is suffering .
In our life we distinguish pleasure from suffering and tend to cling to pleasure .
This is our inherent nature .
But suffering is inseparable from pleasure , for one is never found without the other .
Therefore , the more we seek pleasure and avoid suffering , the more entangled we become in the duality of pleasure and suffering .
Be content with our state of being .
If we are not satisfied with our state of being we will be slaves to the five desires which stem from the five senses .
When the self and the external world become one , eternal serenity is enjoyed ...
Become one with no barrier between the self and the outside world .
Without any interruption , practice meditation .
Meditation includes not only sitting .
Every moment of one 's life is meditation .
This means to experience the oneness of yourself , time , and place .
Do not forget what the Buddha taught .
As Buddha was dying , he told his disciples to forget about him and his belongings .
The important thing was to remember his teachings .
When we enter samadhi and understand impermanence , we are unshaken .
Everything is constantly changing , including ourselves .
Nonattachment ( detachment ) is the essential wisdom .
Because all existence is fleeting , attachment to them is wasteful .
When we reach enlightenment we and the world become one , and there is no duality .
Unclassified [ edit ]
Behold now , Bhikkhus , I exhort you :
All compounded things are subject to decay .
Strive with diligence !
Last words , as quoted in DN 16 ; Mahaparinibbana Sutta 6:8 Variant translations : Mendicants , I now impress it upon you , the parts and powers of man must be dissolved ; work out your own salvation with diligence .
As quoted in Present Day Tracts on the Non-Christian Religions of the World ( 1887 ) by Sir William Muir , p. 24 Now , then , monks , I exhort you :
All fabrications are subject to decay .
Bring about completion by being heedful .
translated by Thanissaro Bhikkhu Behold now , bhikkhus , I exhort you :
All compounded things are subject to vanish .
Strive with earnestness !
translated by Sister Vajira & Francis Story
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely .
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely .
As quoted in Wisdom for the Soul : Five Millennia of Prescriptions for Spiritual Healing ( 2006 ) edited by Larry Chang , p. 193
This is actually a pithy modern - day ' summary ' of the " Abhaya Sutta " ( AN 4.184 ) .
It appears in " Buddha ’s Little Instruction Book " by Jack Kornfield ( p88 ) .
Let my skin and sinews and bones dry up , together with all the flesh and blood of my body !
I welcome it !
But I will not move from this spot until I have attained the supreme and final wisdom .
The Jatka ( From the Attainment of the Buddhaship .
Also is in the Nirvana Sutta . )
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle , And the life of the candle will not be shortened .
Happiness never decreases by being shared .
From The Teaching of Buddha , by Bukkyo Dendo Kyokai ( Society for the Promotion of Buddhism ) , Pg 132 .
It is a paraphrased version of Section 10 of the Sutra of Forty - two Sections
I will not take final Nirvana until I have nuns and female disciples who are accomplished … until I have laywomen followers … who will …. teach the Dhamma as quoted by Dr Bettany Hughes Telegraph
Do not complain and cry and pray , but open your eyes and see , for the light is all about you , and it is so wonderful , so beautiful , so far beyond anything of which men have ever dreamt , for which they have ever prayed , and it is for ever and for ever .
Quoted by Charles Webster Leadbeater , in The Masters and the Path ( 1925 ) p. 229
In all things , there is neither male nor female .
Vimalakriti Sutra , as quoted by Dr Bettany Hughes Telegraph
Whatever an enemy might do to an enemy , or a foe to a foe , the ill - directed mind can do to you even worse .
Whatever a mother , father or other kinsman might do for you , the well - directed mind can do for you even better .
Pali Canon 42 - 43 Cittavagga
The Mind .
Whatever a mother , father or other kinsman might do for you , the well - directed mind can do for you even better .
Monks , these two extremes ought not to be practiced by one who has gone forth from the household life .
( What are the two ? )
There is addiction to indulgence of sense - pleasures , which is low , coarse , the way of ordinary people , unworthy , and unprofitable ; and there is addiction to self - mortification , which is painful , unworthy , and unprofitable .
Avoiding both these extremes , the Tathagata ( the Perfect One ) has realized the Middle Path ; it gives vision , gives knowledge , and leads to calm , to insight , to enlightenment and to Nibbana .
And what is that Middle Path realized by the Tathagata ? ...
It is the Noble Eightfold Path , and nothing else , namely : right understanding , right thought , right speech , right action , right livelihood , right effort , right mindfulness and right concentration .
Dhammacakkappavattana Sutta , as translated by Piyadassi Maha Thera ( 1999 )
In a world become blind ,
I beat the drum of the Deathless .
Ariyapariyesana Sutta
I beat the drum of the Deathless .
Develop the mind of equilibrium .
You will always be getting praise and blame , but do not let either affect the poise of the mind : follow the calmness , the absence of pride .
Gautama Buddha , Sutta Nipāta
One day , Ananda , who had been thinking deeply about things for a while , turned to the Buddha and exclaimed : " Lord , I 've been thinking - spiritual friendship is at least half of the spiritual life ! "
The Buddha replied : " Say not so , Ananda , say not so .
Spiritual friendship is the whole of the spiritual life ! "
Gautama Buddha , Samyutta Nikaya , Mahāvagga , verse 2
In what is seen , there should be just the seen ;
In what is heard , there should be just the heard ;
In what is sensed ;
there should be just the sensed ;
In what is thought , there should be just the thought .
...
He should not kill a living being , nor cause it to be killed , nor should he incite another to kill .
Do not injure any being , either strong or weak in the world .
Gautama Buddha , Sutta Nipāta II ,14
In what is heard , there should be just the heard ;
In what is sensed ; there should be just the sensed ;
In what is thought , there should be just the thought .
...
He should not kill a living being , nor cause it to be killed , nor should he incite another to kill .
Do not injure any being , either strong or weak in the world .
One should follow a man of wisdom who rebukes one for one 's faults , as one would follow a guide to some buried treasure .
To one who follows such a wise man , it will be an advantage and not a disadvantage .
...
These teachings are like a raft , to be abandoned once you have crossed the flood .
Since you should abandon even good states of mind generated by these teachings , how much more so should you abandon bad states of mind !
...
Conquer the angry man by love .
Conquer the ill - natured man by goodness .
Conquer the miser with generosity .
Conquer the liar with truth .
Gautama Buddha , Dhammapada
...
These teachings are like a raft , to be abandoned once you have crossed the flood .
Since you should abandon even good states of mind generated by these teachings , how much more so should you abandon bad states of mind ! ...
Conquer the angry man by love .
Conquer the ill - natured man by goodness .
Conquer the miser with generosity .
Conquer the liar with truth .
In Aryans ' Discipline , to build a friendship is to build wealth , to maintain a friendship is to maintain wealth and to end a friendship is to end wealth .
Gautama Buddha , Cakkavatti Sutta , Patika Vagga , Digha Nikaya
Let your love flow outward through the universe ,
To its height , its depth , its broad extent ,
A limitless love , without hatred or enmity .
Then , as you stand or walk ,
Sit or lie down ,
As long as you are awake ,
Strive for this with a one - pointed mind ;
Your life will bring heaven to earth .
...
I teach one thing and one only : suffering and the end of suffering .
...
Just as a mother would protect with her life her own son , her only son , so one should cultivate an unbounded mind towards all beings , and loving - kindness towards all the world .
One should cultivate an unbounded mind , above and below and across , without obstruction , without enmity , without rivalry .
Standing , or going , or seated , or lying down , as long as one is free from drowsiness , one should practice this mindfulness .
This , they say , is the holy state here .
Gautama Buddha , Sutta Nipata
To its height , its depth , its broad extent , A limitless love , without hatred or enmity .
Then , as you stand or walk , Sit or lie down , As long as you are awake , Strive for this with a one - pointed mind ;
Your life will bring heaven to earth .
... I teach one thing and one only : suffering and the end of suffering .
...
Just as a mother would protect with her life her own son , her only son , so one should cultivate an unbounded mind towards all beings , and loving - kindness towards all the world .
One should cultivate an unbounded mind , above and below and across , without obstruction , without enmity , without rivalry .
Standing , or going , or seated , or lying down , as long as one is free from drowsiness , one should practice this mindfulness .
This , they say , is the holy state here .
What is this world condition ?
Body is the world condition .
And with body and form goes feeling , perception , consciousness , and all the activities throughout the world .
The arising of form and the ceasing of form -- everything that has been heard , sensed , and known , sought after and reached by the mind -- all this is the embodied world , to be penetrated and realized .
...
The fool thinks he has won a battle when he bullies with harsh speech , but knowing how to be forbearing alone makes one victorious .
Gautama Buddha , Samyutta Nikaya [ citation needed ]
...
The fool thinks he has won a battle when he bullies with harsh speech , but knowing how to be forbearing alone makes one victorious .
Make an island of yourself ,
make yourself your refuge ;
there is no other refuge .
Make truth your island ,
make truth your refuge ;
there is no other refuge .
Gautama Buddha , Digha Nikaya , 16
make yourself your refuge ; there is no other refuge .
Make truth your island , make truth your refuge ; there is no other refuge .
Solitude is happiness for one who is content , who has heard the Dhamma and clearly sees .
Non-affliction is happiness in the world - harmlessness towards all living beings .
Gautama Buddha , Udana 10
Things are not what they appear to be : nor are they otherwise .
Gautama Buddha , Surangama Sutra [ citation needed ]
Misattributed [ edit ]
To understand everything is to forgive everything .
This is generally reported as a French proverb , and one familiar as such in Russia as well , in many 19th and 20th century works ; it seems to have first become attributed to Gautama Buddha without citation of sources in Farm Journal , Vol. 34 ( 1910 ) , p. 417
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act ; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act .
G. K. Chesterton , in " On Holland " in Illustrated London News ( 29 April 1922 )
Siddhartha Gautama , the Buddha , drew a circle with a piece of red chalk and said : " When men , even unknowingly , are to meet one day , whatever may befall each , whatever the diverging paths , on the said day , they will inevitably come together in the red circle . "
Director Jean - Pierre Melville made it up for the epigraph of Le Cercle Rouge ( The Red Circle ) .
We are what we think .
All that we are arises with our thoughts .
With our thoughts we make the world .
As rendered by T. Byrom ( 1993 ) , Shambhala Publications .
There is no quote from the Pali Canon that matches up with any of these .
The closest quote to this is in the Majjhima Nikaya 19 : " Whatever a monk keeps pursuing with his thinking & pondering , that becomes the inclination of his awareness .
If a monk keeps pursuing thinking imbued with sensuality , abandoning thinking imbued with renunciation , his mind is bent by that thinking imbued with sensuality .
If a monk keeps pursuing thinking imbued with ill will , abandoning thinking imbued with non-ill will , his mind is bent by that thinking imbued with ill will .
If a monk keeps pursuing thinking imbued with harmfulness , abandoning thinking imbued with harmlessness , his mind is bent by that thinking imbued with harmfulness . "
Sources : [ 1 ]
All that we are arises with our thoughts .
With our thoughts we make the world .
You yourself , as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection Sharon Salzberg in an article in a magazine called “ Woman of Power ” in 1989
There is no way to happiness ; happiness is the way .
The source is likely to be either modern Buddhist monk Thich Nhat Hanh , or Calvinist clergyman Abraham Johannes Muste .
The phrase appears in Thich Nhat Hanh 's writings ; but it also appears in a volume of US senate hearings from 1948 , when Thich Nhat Hanh had not yet been ordained as a monk .
Muste is known to have used a variant of the phrase – " ' peace ' is the way " in 1967 , but this was not the first time he had used it , and he had a connection with the 1948 hearing .
Quotes about Buddha [ edit ]
The Buddha is a being who is totally free of all delusions and faults , who is endowed with all good qualities and has attained the wisdom eliminating the darkness of ignorance .
~ Tenzin Gyatso , 14th Dalai Lama
Sorted alphabetically by author or source
Buddha in a different language called men to self - forgetfulness five hundred years before Christ .
In some ways he was near to us and our needs .
~ H. G. Wells
The teachings of Buddha are eternal , but even then Buddha did not proclaim them to be infallible .
The religion of Buddha has the capacity to change according to times , a quality which no other religion can claim to have …
Now what is the basis of Buddhism ?
If you study carefully , you will see that Buddhism is based on reason .
There is an element of flexibility inherent in it , which is not found in any other religion .
Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar , in The Buddha and His Dhamma ( 1957 )
The religion of Buddha has the capacity to change according to times , a quality which no other religion can claim to have …
Now what is the basis of Buddhism ?
If you study carefully , you will see that Buddhism is based on reason .
There is an element of flexibility inherent in it , which is not found in any other religion .
The Buddha came approximately five hundred years before Christ . . . .
Buddha answered the questions posited in His time by giving the Four Noble Truths , which satisfactorily and eternally answer man 's demand of why .
These Truths can be summarised as follows : the Buddha taught that misery and suffering were of man 's own making , and that the focussing of human desire upon the undesirable , the ephemeral and the material , was the cause of all despair , all hatred and competition , and the reason why man found himself living in the realm of death ... "
Alice Bailey in The Reappearance of the Christ p. 106 , ( 1948 )
The story is connected with the Buddha , and with a happening in His life which left Him in the position wherein ( following the dictates of His heart )
He determined to return once a year from the high place in which
He dwells and works , to bless the world .
The two great Sons of God , the Buddha and the Christ , are one the custodian and the other the recipient of this blessing .
Both of Them hold it in trust for transmission to a needy world , and both of Them act as transmitters of this spiritual energy to humanity .
The Wesak Festival , A Technique of Spiritual Contact , Alice Bailey , Lucis Trust
This heavenly event takes place annually at the time of the full moon of Taurus ( often called the " May Full Moon " ) , and at that event there is released upon Earth ( according to the measure of man 's demand ) the blessing of God Himself , transmitted through the Buddha and His Brother , the Christ .
This happening , however , can and does work out into physical manifestation and has its physical counterpart .
Paralleling the subjective and spiritual ceremony , an event of some importance takes place simultaneously in a little valley in Tibet , on the further side of the Himalayas .
The Wesak Festival , A Technique of Spiritual Contact , Alice Bailey , Lucis Trust
The chanting and the rhythmic weaving grows stronger , and all the participants and the watching crowd raise their eyes towards the sky in the direction of the narrow part of the valley .
Just a few minutes before the exact time of the full moon , in the far distance , a tiny speck can be seen in the sky .
It comes nearer and nearer , and grows in clarity and definiteness of outline , until the form of the Buddha can be seen , seated in the cross- legged Buddha position , clad in His saffron - coloured robe , bathed in light and colour , and with His hand extended in blessing .
When
He arrives at a point exactly over the great rock , hovering there in the air over the heads of the three Great Lords , a great mantram , used only once a year , at the Festival , is intoned by the Christ , and the entire group of people in the valley fall upon their faces ...
Thus , so the legend runs , the Buddha returns once a year to bless the world , transmitting through the Christ renewed spiritual life .
The Wesak Festival , A Technique of Spiritual Contact , Alice Bailey , Lucis Trust
The age in which true history appeared in India was one of great intellectual and spiritual ferment .
Mystics and sophists of all kinds roamed through the Ganga Valley , all advocating some form of mental discipline and asceticism as a means to salvation ; but the age of the Buddha , when many of the best minds were abandoning their homes and professions for a life of asceticism , was also a time of advance in commerce and politics .
It produced not only philosophers and ascetics , but also merchant princes and men of action .
Arthur Llewellyn Basham in The Wonder that was India ( 1954 )
There is , in the Buddhist philosophy , a wonderful sentence of the Lord Gautama Buddha , where he is striving to indicate in human language something that would be intelligible about the condition of Nirvana .
You find it in the Chinese translation of the Dhammapada , and the Chinese edition has been translation into English in Trübner ’s Oriental Series .
He puts it there that , unless there were Nirvana , there could be nothing ; and he uses various phrases in order to indicate what he means , taking the uncreated and then connecting with it the created ; taking the Real and then connecting with it the unreal .
He sums it up by saying that Nirvana is ; and that if it were not , naught else could be .
That is an attempt ( if one may call it so with all reverence ) to say what can not be said .
It implies that unless there existed the Uncreate , the invisible and the Real , we could not have a universe at all .
You have there , then , the indication that Nirvana is a plenum , not a void .
That idea should be fundamentally fixed in your mind , in your study of every great system of Philosophy .
So often the expressions used may seem to indicate a void .
Hence the western idea of annihilation .
If you think of it as fullness , you will realize that the consciousness expands more and more , without losing utterly the sense of identity ; if you could think of a centre of a circle without a circumference , you would glimpse the truth .
Annie Besant quoted by Charles Webster Leadbeater , in The Masters and the Path ( 1925 ) p. 221
The only difference between the Christ and ourselves , the Buddha or Krishna and ourselves , is that They have manifested Their divinity .
They know that They are Sons of God , and They demonstrate it . ~
Benjamin Creme
Every new cosmic cycle — we are entering a new one now , the Age of Aquarius — brings into the world a teacher .
People like Hercules and Hermes , Rama , Mithra , Vyasa , Zoroaster , Confucius , Krishna , Shankaracharya , the Buddha , the Christ , Mohammed — these are all Masters who have come from the same spiritual centre of the planet , called the Spiritual , or Esoteric , Hierarchy , which is made up of the Masters and Their initiates and disciples of various degrees .
Benjamin Creme in The Ageless Wisdom , An Introduction to Humanity 's Spiritual Legacy , Share International ( 1996 ) , p.6
The only difference between the Christ and ourselves , the Buddha or Krishna and ourselves , is that They have manifested Their divinity .
They know that They are Sons of God , and They demonstrate it .
Benjamin Creme in The Ageless Wisdom , An Introduction to Humanity 's Spiritual Legacy , Share International ( 1996 ) , p. 29
For the first time in human history , the Buddha admonished , entreated and appealed to people not to hurt a living being , and it is not necessary to offer prayer , praise or sacrifice to gods .
With all the eloquence at his command the Buddha vehemently proclaimed that gods are also in dire need of salvation themselves .
Thomas William Rhys Davids , as quoted in Great Personalities on Buddhism ( 1965 ) by K. Sri Dhammananda , p. 109
We should never forget that Gautama was born and brought up a Hindu and lived and died a Hindu .
His teaching , far - reaching and original as it was , and really subversive of the religion of the day , was Indian throughout .
He was the greatest and wisest and best of the Hindus .
T.W. Rhys - Davids : Buddhism , p.116-117 , quoted in D. Keer : Ambedkar , p.522 . Quoted from Elst , Koenraad ( 2002 ) .
Who is a Hindu ? : Hindu revivalist views of Animism , Buddhism , Sikhism , and other offshoots of Hinduism .
ISBN 978-8185990743
Truly did the Buddha seek truth , both in the living and in the dead .
For this impermanence was only to suffer by the weight of the physical world , although indeed we were not , as the existence would succumb to form yet hath we been without such .
To call unity onto abstraction by the utterance of a word , as no bond or bound could be placed upon thee for there was none to be had .
The containment of contention was that of fear and thus the ego , merely relying on the surface to perceive weakness , though within us man could not restrain .
Overcome the order by following on ones own path .
Didymus the Hermit , in Selected Dissertations
A maṇi-jewel ; magical jewel , which manifests whatever one wishes for ( Skt. maṇi , cintā - maṇi , cintāmaṇi- ratna ) .
According to one 's desires , treasures , clothing and food can be manifested , while sickness and suffering can be removed , water can be purified , etc .
It is a metaphor for the teachings and virtues of the Buddha .
...
Said to be obtained from the dragon - king of the sea , or the head of the great fish , Makara , or the relics of a Buddha .
The Digital Dictionary of Buddhism Ruyizhu entry
India was the motherland of our race , and Sanskrit the mother of Europe 's languages : she was the mother of our philosophy ; mother , through the Arabs , of much of our mathematics ; mother , through the Buddha , of the ideals embodied in Christianity ; mother , through the village community , of self - government and democracy .
Mother India is in many ways the mother of us all .
Will Durant , in The Case for India ( 1931 )
One of my sons , the eldest boy , accused me of being a follower of Buddha , and some of my Hindu countrymen also do not hesitate to accuse me of spreading Buddhistic teaching under the guise of Sanatana Hinduism .
I sympathize with my son's accusations and the accusations of my Hindu friends .
And sometimes I feel even proud of being accused of being a follower of the Buddha , and I have no hesitation in declaring in the presence of this audience that I owe a great deal to the inspiration that I have derived from the life of the Enlightened One .
Asia has a message for the whole world , if only it would live up to it .
There is the imprint of Buddhistic influence on the whole of Asia , which includes India , China , Japan , Burma , Ceylon , and the Malay States .
For Asia to be not for Asia but for the whole world , it has to re-learn the message of the Buddha and deliver it to the whole world .
His love , his boundless love went out as much to the lower animal , to the lowest life as to human beings .
And he insisted upon purity of life .
Mahatma Gandhi , as quoted in With Gandhiji in Ceylon ( 1928 ) by Mahadev Haribhai Desai , p. 54
I sympathize with my son's accusations and the accusations of my Hindu friends .
And sometimes I feel even proud of being accused of being a follower of the Buddha , and I have no hesitation in declaring in the presence of this audience that I owe a great deal to the inspiration that I have derived from the life of the Enlightened One .
Asia has a message for the whole world , if only it would live up to it .
There is the imprint of Buddhistic influence on the whole of Asia , which includes India , China , Japan , Burma , Ceylon , and the Malay States .
For Asia to be not for Asia but for the whole world , it has to re-learn the message of the Buddha and deliver it to the whole world .
His love , his boundless love went out as much to the lower animal , to the lowest life as to human beings .
And he insisted upon purity of life .
The Buddha is a being who is totally free of all delusions and faults , who is endowed with all good qualities and has attained the wisdom eliminating the darkness of ignorance .
The Dharma is the result of his enlightenment .
After having achieved enlightenment , a Buddha teaches , and what he or she teaches is called the Dharma .
The Sangha is made up of those who engage in the practice of the teachings given by the Buddha .
. . .
One of the benefits of refuge is that all of the misdeeds you have committed in the past can be purified , because taking refuge entails accepting the Buddha 's guidance and following a path of virtuous action .
Tenzin Gyatso , 14th Dalai Lama , in The Way to Freedom : Core Teachings of Tibetan Buddhism ( 1994 )
Now in this realm Buddha 's speeches are a source and mine of quite unparalleled richness and depth .
As soon as we cease to regard Buddha 's teachings simply intellectually and acquiesce with a certain sympathy in the age - old Eastern concept of unity , if we allow Buddha to speak to us as vision , as image , as the awakened one , the perfect one , we find him , almost independently of the philosophic content and dogmatic kernel of his teachings , a great prototype of mankind .
Whoever attentively reads a small number of the countless speeches of Buddha is soon aware of harmony in them , a quietude of soul , a smiling transcendence , a totally unshakeable firmness , but also invariable kindness , endless patience .
As ways and means to the attainment of this holy quietude of soul , the speeches are full of advice , precepts , hints .
The intellectual content of Buddha 's teaching is only half his work , the other half is his life , his life as lived , as labour accomplished and action carried out .
A training , a spiritual self training of the highest order was accomplished and is taught here , a training about which unthinking people who talk about " quietism " and " Hindu dreaminess " and the like in connection with Buddha have no conception ; they deny him the cardinal Western virtue of activity .
Instead Buddha accomplished a training for himself and his pupils , exercised a discipline , set up a goal , and produced results before which even the genuine heroes of European action can only feel awe .
Herman Hesse , in " " The Speeches of Buddha " ( 1921 ) , as translated by Denver Lindley , in My Belief : Essays on Life and Art ( 1974 ) , edited by Theodore Ziolkowski
Political leaders are never leaders .
For leaders we have to look to the Awakeners !
Lao Tse , Buddha , Socrates , Jesus , Milarepa , Gurdjiev , Krishnamurti .
Henry Miller , in My Bike & Other Friends ( 1977 ) , p. 12
Lao Tse , , Socrates , Jesus , Milarepa , Gurdjiev , Krishnamurti .
In the remote past ... humanity should have begun to provide its own Teachers ; but we are told that no one had quite reached the level required for the incurring of so tremendous a responsibility .
The first - fruits of Humanity at this period were two Brothers who stood equal in occult development ; one being he whom we now call the Lord Gautama Buddha , and the other our present World - Teacher , the Lord Maitreya .
In what way they fell short of the required qualifications we do not know but , out of his great love for humanity the Lord Gautama instantly offered to make himself ready to undertake whatever additional effort might be necessary ... ~ C.W. Leadbeater
A man came to Him one day , as people in trouble were wont to do , and told him that he had great difficulty with his meditation , which he could scarcely succeed in doing at all .
Then the Buddha told him that there was a very simple reason for it — that in a previous life he had foolishly been in the habit of annoying certain holy men and disturbing their meditations .
Charles Webster Leadbeater , The Masters and the Path ( 1925 ) p. 188
The Buddha of the present time is the Lord Gautama , who took his last birth in India about two thousand five hundred years ago ... Seven Buddhas appear in succession during a world - period , one for each race , and each in turn takes charge of the special work of the Second Ray for the whole world , devoting himself to that part of it which lies in the higher worlds , while he entrusts to his assistant and representative , the Bodhisattva ( Maitreya ) , the office of World - Teacher for the lower planes .
For
One who attains this position Oriental writers think no praise too high , no devotion too deep , and just as we regard those Masters to whom we look up as all but divine in goodness and wisdom , so to an even greater degree do they regard the Buddha .
Charles Webster Leadbeater in The Masters and the Path ( 1925 ) p. 281
Now at this time in the remote past to which we have referred , humanity should have begun to provide its own Teachers ; but we are told that no one had quite reached the level required for the incurring of so tremendous a responsibility .
The first - fruits of Humanity at this period were two Brothers who stood equal in occult development ; one being he whom we now call the Lord Gautama Buddha , and the other our present World - Teacher , the Lord Maitreya .
In what way they fell short of the required qualifications we do not know ; but , out of his great love for humanity the Lord Gautama instantly offered to make himself ready to undertake whatever additional effort might be necessary to attain the required development .
We learn from tradition that life after life he practised special virtues , each life showing out some great quality achieved .
C.W. Leadbeater , The Masters and the Path ( 1925 ) p. 282
That great sacrifice of the Buddha is spoken of in all the sacred books of the Buddhists ; but they have not understood the nature of the sacrifice , for many believe it to have been the descent of the Lord Buddha from Nirvanic levels after his Illumination to teach his Law .
It is true that he did so descend , but that would not be anything in the nature of a sacrifice ; it would only be an ordinary , but not very pleasant piece of work .
The great sacrifice that he made was this spending of thousands of years in order to qualify himself to be the first of mankind who should help his brother - men by teaching to them the Wisdom which is life eternal .
That work was done , and nobly done .
We know something of the various incarnations that he took after that , as Bodhisattva of his time , though there may be many more of which we know nothing .
He C.W. Leadbeater , The Masters and the Path ( 1925 ) p. 283
The Lord Buddha has his own special type of force , which he outpours when he gives his blessing to the world , and this benediction is a unique and very marvellous thing ; for by his authority and position a Buddha has access to planes of nature which are altogether beyond our reach , hence he can transmute and draw down to our level the forces peculiar to those planes .
Without this mediation of the Buddha these forces would be of no use to us here in physical life ; their vibrations are so tremendous , so incredibly rapid , that they would pass through us unsensed at any level we can reach , and we should never even know of their existence .
But as it is , the force of the blessing is scattered all over the world ; and it instantly finds for itself channels through which it can pour ( just as water instantly finds an open pipe ) , thereby strengthening all good work and bringing peace to the hearts of those who are able to receive it .
C.W. Leadbeater , The Masters and the Path ( 1925 ) p. 284-5
The Lord Maitreya , whose name means kindliness or compassion , took up the office of Bodhisattva when the Lord Gautama laid it down , and since then He has made many efforts for the promotion of Religion .
One of His first steps on assuming office was to take advantage of the tremendous magnetism generated in the world by the presence of the Buddha , to arrange that great Teachers should simultaneously appear in many different parts of the earth ; so that within a comparatively short space of time we find not only the Buddha Himself , Shri Shankaracharya and Mahavira in India , but also Mithra in Persia , Laotse and Confucius in China , and Pythagoras in ancient Greece .
p.297 C.W. Leadbeater , The Masters and the Path ( 1925 ) p. 297
If we ask , for instance , whether the position of the electron remains the same , we must say ' no ' ; if we ask whether the electron 's position changes with time , we must say ' no ' ; if we ask whether the electron is at rest , we must say ' no ' ; if we ask whether it is in motion , we must say ' no ' .
The Buddha has given such answers when interrogated as to the conditions of a man 's self after his death ; but they are not familiar answers for the tradition of seventeenth and eighteenth century science .
J. Robert Oppenheimer , as quoted in The New Yorker ( 19 June 1954 ) , p. 61
Eyes pure and broad like the blue lotus ;
mind pure , steeped in meditations ;
for pure deeds long accumulated , boundless in fame ,
your quietude guides the assembly - thus we bow our heads .
We have seen the great sage work miraculous transformations ,
showing us all the countless lands in ten directions ,
the Buddhas expounding the Law therein-
every one of these we have seen and heard .
Ratnākara in Vimalakirti Sutra , Chapter I . As translated by Burton Watson , Columbia University Press , 2000 , ISBN : 0231106572 .
Pure and beautiful as a lotus leaf ; pure are your intentions ; you have reached the other shore of tranquility ; you have accumulated good actions and conquered a great sea of virtues .
Holy
One , you lead to the path of peace , all homage to you !
Alternative translation in the multilingual edition of Vimalakīrtinirdeśasūtra at the Bibliotheca Polyglotta .
mind pure , steeped in meditations ; for pure deeds long accumulated , boundless in fame , your quietude guides the assembly - thus we bow our heads .
We have seen the great sage work miraculous transformations , showing us all the countless lands in ten directions , the Buddhas expounding the Law therein- every one of these we have seen and heard .
Three times you turned the wheel of the Law in the thousand - millionfold world ,
the wheel that from the first has always been pure .
Ratnākara in Vimalakirti Sutra , Chapter I . As translated by Burton Watson , Columbia University Press , 2000 , ISBN : 0231106572 .
the wheel that from the first has always been pure .
The Buddha preaches the Law with a single voice ,
but each living being understands it in his own way .
Ratnākara in Vimalakirti Sutra , Chapter I . As translated by Burton Watson , Columbia University Press , 2000 , ISBN : 0231106572 .
For natures such as Jesus of Nazareth , Mohammed and Gautama Buddha is already the capacity of its openness for a world vision part of its application documents .
With its virtues , experiences and abilities they belong to each post written out in the world with each interview to the most promising candidates and easy are erhalten ( obtained ) .
James Redfield , in the Manual of the 10th Celestine Prophecy part of I : The threshold ; Heyne publishing house Munich , German - language edition 1997 , ISBN 3-453-11809X
At that time the Buddha , reverently surrounded by this multitude of countless hundreds and thousands of beings , expounded the Law for them .
He was like Mount Sumeru , king of mountains , rising up out of the great sea .
Resting at ease in his lion 's seat clustered with jewels , he shed his radiance over all the great throng gathered there .
Vimalakirti Sutra , Chapter I . As translated by Burton Watson , Columbia University Press , 2000 , ISBN : 0231106572 .
When I occasionally quote the words of Jesus or the Buddha , from A Course in Miracles or from other teachings , I do so not in order to compare , but to draw your attention to the fact that in essence there is and always has been only one spiritual teaching , although it comes in many forms .
Some of these forms , such as the ancient religions , have become so overlaid with extraneous matter that their spiritual essence has become almost completely obscured by it .
To a large extent , therefore , their deeper meaning is no longer recognized and their transformative power lost ...
I love the Buddha 's simple definition of enlightenment as " the end of suffering . "
There is nothing superhuman in that , is there ?
Of course , as a definition , it is incomplete .
It only tells you what enlightenment is not : no suffering .
But what 's left when there is no more suffering ?
The Buddha is silent on that , and his silence implies that you 'll have to find out for yourself .
He uses a negative definition so that the mind cannot make it into something to believe in or into a superhuman accomplishment , a goal that is impossible for you to attain .
Despite this precaution , the majority of Buddhists still believe that enlightenment is for the Buddha , not for them , at least not in this lifetime .
Eckhart Tolle in The Power of Now Introduction ( 1997 )
The fundamental teachings of Gautama , as it is now being made plain to us by study of original sources , is clear and simple and in the closest harmony with modern ideas .
It is beyond all disputes the achievement of one of the most penetrating intelligence the world has ever known .
Buddhism has done more for the advance of world civilization and true culture than any other influence in the chronicles of mankind .
H. G. Wells , in The Outline of History ( 1920 ) , Ch. 25
The Buddha Is Nearer to Us You see clearly a man , simple , devout , lonely , battling for light , a vivid human personality , not a myth .
Beneath a mass of miraculous fable I feel that there also was a man .
He too , gave a message to mankind universal in its character .
Many of our best modern ideas are in closest harmony with it .
All the miseries and discontents of life are due , he taught , to selfishness .
Selfishness takes three forms — one , the desire to satisfy the senses ; second , the craving for immortality ; and the third the desire for prosperity and worldliness .
Before a man can become serene he must cease to live for his senses or himself .
Then he merges into a greater being .
Buddha in a different language called men to self - forgetfulness five hundred years before Christ .
In some ways he was near to us and our needs .
Buddha was more lucid upon our individual importance in service than Christ , and less ambiguous upon the question of personal immortality .
H. G. Wells , in The Outline of History ( 1920 ) , Ch. 25
Erbgut entschlüsselt
Wir sind alle ein bisschen Neandertaler
Ein zentrales Rätsel in der Evolution des Menschen ist gelüftet :
Im Erbgut des modernen Menschen finden sich Spuren des Neandertalers - die beiden Arten haben sich vor Jahrtausenden tatsächlich gepaart .
Anthropologen erhoffen sich von der nun veröffentlichten Genomsequenz neue Erkenntnisse .
Von Cinthia Briseño
MADRID — A planned merger has stalled between two weak savings banks in Galicia , in northwestern Spain , illustrating the reluctance of the Spanish government to take a firmer hand to its financial problems .
The longer consolidation is delayed among the banks , which are saddled with losses on loans to the construction industry , the more expensive it may be to deal with them .
What ’s more , regional banks are deteriorating not just in Galicia , but throughout the country .
Investors and analysts say the lack of progress in tackling the banking issue underscores the Spanish government ’s shortcomings in addressing its broader problem : crushing fiscal deficits arising from high unemployment and a persistent recession .
Spain risks falling into the same trap as Greece , these investors say , unless it takes more forceful action .
It could find itself unable to raise money on the private markets at acceptable interest rates — even though its government debt burden , as a share of the overall economy , is only half what Greece carries .
It 's not the mythical kraken , but an ancient creature belonging to the largest , nimblest and probably smartest group of invertebrates has jumped out of the fossil record with a different identity than previously thought .
That finding restructures a branch on the evolutionary tree .
The tiny mysterious fossil of Nectocaris pteryx — previously described as a shrimp with a chordate tail — is neither a shrimp ( an arthropod ) nor a chordate ( vertebrates and their nearest relatives ) , but a mollusk , according to a new study detailed in the May 27 issue of the journal Nature .
Do n't picture boring mollusks , such as snails , slugs and mussels , however .
Think cuttlefish , squid , and octopi — and yes , even the kraken — which are cephalopods , a member of the mollusk phylum .
The 505 million - year - old creature is the oldest recorded cephalopod by about 10 to 15 million years and provides clues about modern cephalopod evolution .
Nectocaris is a miniscule cephalopod at only 2 to 3 inches ( 5 to 7 centimeters ) long .
It looks like a cartoon character from a Pixar movie with its bulging eyes and funnel - shaped nozzle that squirts water where one would expect a nose .
Researchers acquired 91 new specimens of Nectocaris from the well - known fossil hunters ' playground called the Burgess Shale , which contains fossil beds surrounded by mountains in British Columbia , Canada .
The Burgess Shale is filled with pristine soft - bodied animal fossils — those ancient animals without a shell that have largely eluded paleontologists because they rarely fossilize — from the Cambrian period between 542 million and 490 million years ago .
Scientists pulled the Nectocaris specimens , originally acquired in the 1980s , off the shelves of the Royal Ontario Museum and completed the most detailed analysis of this species , courtesy of several complete fossils of side - on and top - down views of the creature .
Nectocaris is most likely a stem group cephalopod , meaning it broke off from the evolutionary tree before the last common ancestor of modern cephalopods , said paleontology graduate student Martin Smith of the University of Toronto , who led the study .
The most striking structure of Nectocaris is the large funnel - shaped nozzle that swivels and expels water to propel the body at high speeds .
" It 's a way of turning on their afterburner , " said paleontologist Stefan Bengtson of the Swedish Museum of Natural History , who was not involved in the study .
The unusually preserved eyes of Nectocaris are known as camera - type eyes , like those found on squids .
The large eyes and nozzle suggest that Nectocaris must have had a rather large brain to power these features .
Cephalopods are active predators with the most advanced nervous system known among invertebrates .
They use camouflage , change their shape , surface pattern , texture , and color and are " extremely agile in the way they react to their environment .
They really are masters of camouflage , " Bengston told LiveScience .
Cephalopods are unique in developing jet propulsion , and the discovery of the nozzle on Nectocaris suggests jet propulsion evolved before shells in modern cephalopods .
While most modern cephalopods are shell - less , the fossil record is skewed toward hard - shelled cephalopods , because their tough shells make them more likely to be preserved .
Nectocaris has other cephalopod features , such as a pair of flexible tentacles near the mouth , gills , and a body perfect for swimming .
However , it is missing a number of modern cephalopod traits , such as a ring of tentacles around the mouth , a beak , a toothed tongue ( known as a radula ) , and an ink sack or suckers .
Atheists are always being accused of being arrogant by the religious .
This is my common counter , which is usually effective :
Let me get this straight .
You think the Creator of the Universe cares personally about your life , and that you know , with absolute certainty , what he wants for all of humankind .
I , on the other hand , think we ’re alone , are likely to be cosmically average , and are basically fumbling cluelessly through our random existence trying to do the best we can .
And I ’m the arrogant one ?
Oh , I 'm sorry .
I thought you were someone else - someone that 's ready to game .
Come back when you 're awesome and maybe we 'll talk .
Hell yeah , now we 're in business .
It 's time to play video games !
Shades upgraded ... what a mega power up !
You 're unstoppable now !
Keep yelling , keep mashing those buttons , keep tilting that controller , you magnificent bastard !
Nothing will get between you and your high score !
Now you 're level three !
You 've transcended the need for shades !
Skateboard , beanie , extreme grimace - you 've got it all !
If you strain harder and get closer to that car as it peels out , you 'll be charting new territory !
OH .
MY .
GOD .
Look at you !
Now you are literally Spider - Man .
Shoot those webs !
Do those flips !
Surf the combos !
Hit A repeatedly to break loose , then hit Left Trigger , B , then Y at exactly the right time to perform the scripted thingy on that guy .
Yes , it worked !
As Spidey would say , " I stand like a chair has just been pulled out from under me ! "
Now you 've done it !
You 've gamed so hard that you 're in the fourth dimension - the GAME DIMENSION that is !
Blast that circuit globe before it corrupts your speaker and / or torn jeans !
Your skill has made you ethereal .
You no longer require oxygen , food , or genuine brand name game consoles .
All you need is your zap gun and an extra cartridge as the power of video games propels you through the cosmos .
Perhaps you 've gone too far .
It 's time to settle things down a bit .
That 's it .
Breathe deeply .
Do n't stop gaming - do n't you ever stop gaming - but focus on letting the process wash over you in calming waves .
Get the 1 - Up .
Solve the puzzle room at your own pace .
Feel yourself drifting off ...
NOT !
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !
Keep playing !
You 're almost there !
The record is yours !
You hit the save point !
Your cluelessness and emotional abandonment frustrate the fairer sex , yet somehow make you more endearing .
As a gamer , you are incapable of having a healthy relationship because the BLOCKS KEEP FALLING and you need to GET THE MEGA BOOST !
Keep it up , you oaf , you 've almost completed the level !
Just a few more embraces in this all - too - short life to avoid before you can enter your initials in the hall of fame !
Are you a baby ?
Ride the inflatable saddle peripheral , creepy child .
Do n't you worry about your hairline or those claspy little hands .
So long as you stay on that horse bag , you 'll fit right in when you grow up .
Just remember to buy some shades as soon as you can .
– Dennis " Corin Tucker 's Stalker " Farrell ( @DennisFarrell )
It 's one thing for Fox to cut off speeches by President Obama ... but a news conference ?
With reporters asking questions ?
And the President of the United States of America delivering unscripted responses ?
How could Fox possibly make such a decision ?
By any reasonable definition , when the President gives a news conference , it is a newsworthy event -- no matter who the President may be .
But in the world of Fox News Channel , when President Barack Obama gives a news conference , he gets trumped by Glenn Beck .
This is more than a mere partisan shot .
This is Fox saying that with Barack Obama in the White House , the presidency does not matter .
And whatever you think about President Obama , that 's not a good thing for this country .
User Info : SarazinRuin SarazinRuin 12 years ago #
1
Follow them everywhere they go .
They get in a cab or car , I 'll follow behind them slowly at pace equal to theirs , always 2 cars length behind them .
They get a hot dog , I get a hot dog , etc .
While doing this one day I came across a couple .
A dark haired man with medium length hair , and this girl who had gorgeous long blond hair .
I followed this couple for miles , from Alderney City to the bright neon lights of Star Junction , they were seemingly happy , joyful , in love with one another .
The man cared for his girlfriend , and the girlfriend cared for her boyfriend .
They ate happily together , eating hot dogs , taking in the city .
Always staring into each others eyes with deep glee and happiness .
I had never seen so much love between two people .
I cared for these two as much as they cared for each other .
I would do as much as I can to make sure nothing would ever happen too them .
After going ahead of them a bit and beating up hobos , walking in traffic ahead of them to make sure if a car were to come I would take it for them , and any other nuisance there could be .
Then it happened .
After watching them stare at a giant ad in the Star Juction I realized something .
I am alone .
No one .
Michelle was long gone for something I do not wish to bring up .
Kiki dumped me when she found out I had been having intercourse with hookers then bash their heads in with a baseball bat to gain my money back .
Carmen never called me again after our first date , mostly due to me pushing her down a set of subway stairs , then stopping her head into the steps .
I never tried any other woman due to me thinking it was pointless at this point .
I began to feel sad .
I thought to myself , " Why can that man not be me ? "
" Is he any better than me ? "
" Why would n't she think of dating me ?
Get some coffee , even at least TALK TOO ME ? " I wanted her .
I wanted this mysterious blond with the looks of an angel , and the laugh of a child .
I wanted to be that man , I wanted to have what he had , to know that joy of having somebody care for your own well being .
I was jealous of the man .
I wanted that I could not have , that I desired for so much .
The longer I watched them , the longer I wanted to become him , at any cost .
I then felt remorse .
Saddened of what I had become , a lonesome man stalking random pedestrians .
But when the thought of this man touching her , kissing her , loving her ... the thought of remorse was thrown to the back of my head as if I had never thought it .
I set forth a plan .
I will kill him .
Take up my new identity as him .
And me and the blond will live happily together forever .
I knew what I had to do .
I drive her whilst her screaming like a banshee .
I reach my destination .
The cliff next to Mikhail Faustin 's house .
If you 've ever seen this part of the game there are rocks and old cars that seems from the ' 50s , and '60s at the bottom .
I rev my engine .
She screams even louder .
I drive faster , faster , and faster .
Her death curling scream gets louder , louder , and louder .
We fly off the edge .
Everything is then silent for a mere second .
This second feels like an eternity .
I know what I am doing , I feel no regret .
I am also for the first time in a long time ; happy .
We both plummet to bottom and die instantaneously .
They will never know who killed John , or the cab driver Shafeeq .
They will never find the body of Sara or Niko Bellic .
The ocean mixed with gasoline fueled fire will ruin any traces of either of our pasts or future .
I then revive at a hospital and steal a Blista Compact and go bowling with Roman .
__________________
……………… „ ~ * ¯¯` ” , ………... _„ _………( ` ( o ) , , _/` ¯ : o : : :o `- , …...
……………../ : · :( “ , . I like to stalk people in Grand Theft Auto 4 .
Follow them everywhere they go .
They get in a cab or car , I 'll follow behind them slowly at pace equal to theirs , always 2 cars length behind them .
They get a hot dog , I get a hot dog , etc .
While doing this one day I came across a couple .
A dark haired man with medium length hair , and this girl who had gorgeous long blond hair .
I followed this couple for miles , from Alderney City to the bright neon lights of Star Junction , they were seemingly happy , joyful , in love with one another .
The man cared for his girlfriend , and the girlfriend cared for her boyfriend .
They ate happily together , eating hot dogs , taking in the city .
Always staring into each others eyes with deep glee and happiness .
I had never seen so much love between two people .
I cared for these two as much as they cared for each other .
I would do as much as I can to make sure nothing would ever happen too them .
After going ahead of them a bit and beating up hobos , walking in traffic ahead of them to make sure if a car were to come I would take it for them , and any other nuisance there could be .
Then it happened .
After watching them stare at a giant ad in the Star Juction I realized something .
I am alone .
No one .
Michelle was long gone for something I do not wish to bring up .
Kiki dumped me when she found out I had been having intercourse with hookers then bash their heads in with a baseball bat to gain my money back .
Carmen never called me again after our first date , mostly due to me pushing her down a set of subway stairs , then stopping her head into the steps .
I never tried any other woman due to me thinking it was pointless at this point .
I began to feel sad .
I thought to myself , " Why can that man not be me ? "
" Is he any better than me ? "
" Why would n't she think of dating me ?
Get some coffee , even at least TALK TOO ME ? " I wanted her .
I wanted this mysterious blond with the looks of an angel , and the laugh of a child .
I wanted to be that man , I wanted to have what he had , to know that joy of having somebody care for your own well being .
I was jealous of the man .
I wanted that I could not have , that I desired for so much .
The longer I watched them , the longer I wanted to become him , at any cost .
I then felt remorse .
Saddened of what I had become , a lonesome man stalking random pedestrians .
But when the thought of this man touching her , kissing her , loving her ... the thought of remorse was thrown to the back of my head as if I had never thought it .
I set forth a plan .
I will kill him .
Take up my new identity as him .
And me and the blond will live happily together forever .
I knew what I had to do .
I drive her whilst her screaming like a banshee .
I reach my destination .
The cliff next to Mikhail Faustin 's house .
If you 've ever seen this part of the game there are rocks and old cars that seems from the ' 50s , and '60s at the bottom .
I rev my engine .
She screams even louder .
I drive faster , faster , and faster .
Her death curling scream gets louder , louder , and louder .
We fly off the edge .
Everything is then silent for a mere second .
This second feels like an eternity .
I know what I am doing , I feel no regret .
I am also for the first time in a long time ; happy .
We both plummet to bottom and die instantaneously .
They will never know who killed John , or the cab driver Shafeeq .
They will never find the body of Sara or Niko Bellic .
The ocean mixed with gasoline fueled fire will ruin any traces of either of our pasts or future .
I then revive at a hospital and steal a Blista Compact and go bowling with Roman .__________________
Astrology
Astrology as a predictive science facilitates fortune tellers and astrologers to dive deep into the study of a person ’s unique traits right from the moment he or she is born , the native ’s strengths and weaknesses and life ahead , etc .
The zodiac is the belt of constellations through which the Sun , the Moon and the planets transit across the sky .
There are many passionate believers who feel that the future can indeed be predicted by studying the position of the Sun , the Moon and the planets ’ position at the time of birth .
There are various popular schools of astrology worldwide and significant among these are – Western , Indian , Chinese and Egyptian , etc .
The astrological chart which holds an all - important place in astrological readings is of course , what we commonly refer to as the ‘ Horoscope ’ .
This acts as a guide to analyzing one ’s future , likes , dislikes and events that are likely to occur in one ’s life as per interpretations available in astrology .
drainers is an abstraction around subprocess .
Popen to read and control process output event - wise .
It also allows you to abort running processes either gracefully or forcefully without having to directly interact with the processes or threads themself .
Overview
Defining a process A Drainer is a factory and controller wrapper around subprocess .
Popen and therefore takes all of the ( optional ) parameters that subprocess .
Popen ’s initializer takes .
For example , the minimal Drainer takes a command array : from drainers import Drainer def ignore_event ( line , is_err ) : pass my_drainer = Drainer ( [ 'ls ' , ' - la ' ] , read_event_cb=ignore_event ) my_drainer.start ()
But , extra arguments are allowed , too : my_drainer = Drainer ( [ ' echo ' , '$ JAVA_HOME ' ] , shell =True , bufsize=64 , read_event_cb=ignore_event ) my_drainer.start ( )
The only two arguments to Drainer that are reserved are stdout and stderr .
Drainer requires them to be subprocess .
PIPE explicitly , and sets them for you accordingly .
Defining a callback Drainer ’s strength lies in the fact that each line that is read from the process ’ standard output or standard error streams leads to a callback function being invoked .
This allows you to process virtually any process ’ output , as long as it ’s line - based .
The callback function can be specified using the read_event_cb parameter to the constructor , as seen in the example above .
It is mandatory .
The callback function specified needs to have a specific signature : def my_callback ( line , is_err ) : ...
It should take two parameters : line ( a string ) and is_err ( a boolean ) .
The latter indicates that the line is read from the standard error stream .
There is nothing more to it .
It does not need to return anything : it ’s return value will be ignored .
Your callback may be a class method , too , like in the following example .
Notice that in those cases , you pass foo .
my_method as the value for the read_event_cb parameter : class MyClass ( object ) : def my_method ( self , line , is_err ) : ... foo = MyClass ( ) my_drainer = Drainer ( [ 'ls ' ] , read_event_cb=foo.my_method ) my_drainer.start ( )
The granularity currently is a single line .
If you want to read predefined chunks of data , please fork this repo and implement a Drainer subclass yourself .
If you want a callback that is n’t invoked after each line read , but after an arbitrary time or amount of lines , you have to implement this yourself .
( It should n’t be too hard , though .
See the examples directory for inspiration . )
I have been watching with a mixture of awe and dismay some of the really bad analysis , sloppy reporting , and just unsupported commentary about the GS case .
I put together this list based on what I know as a lawyer , a market observer , a quant and someone with contacts within the SEC .
( Note : This represents my opinions , and no one elses ) .
Ten Things You Do n’t Know ( or were misinformed by the Media ) About the GS Case
1 . This is a Weak Case : Actually , no — its a very strong case .
Based upon what is in the SEC complaint , parts of the case are a slam dunk .
The claim Paulson & Co. were long $ 200 million dollars when they were actually short is a material misrepresentation — that ’s Rule 10 b - 5 , and its a no brainer .
The rest is gravy .
2. Robert Khuzami is a bad ass , no-nonsense , thorough , award winning Prosecutor :
This guy is the real deal — he busted terrorist rings , broke up the mob , took down security frauds .
He is now the director of SEC enforcement .
He is fearless , and was awarded the Attorney General ’s Exceptional Service Award ( 1996 ) , for “ extraordinary courage and voluntary risk of life in performing an act resulting in direct benefits to the Department of Justice or the nation . ”
When you prosecute mass murderers who use guns and bombs and threaten your life , and you kick their asses anyway , you ai n’t afraid of a group of billionaire bankers and their spreadsheets .
He is the shit .
My advice to anyone on Wall Street in his crosshairs :
If you are indicted in a case by Khuzami , do yourself a big favor : Settle .
3. Goldman lost $ 90 million dollars , hence , they are innocent :
This is a civil , not a criminal case .
Hence , any mens rea — guilty mind — does not matter .
Did they or did they not violate the letter of the law ?
That is all that matters , regardless of what they were thinking — or their P&L .
4. ACA is a victim in this case :
Not exactly , they were an active participant in ratings gaming .
Look at the back and forth between Paulson ’s selection and ACAs management .
55 items in the synthetic CDO were added and removed .
Why ?
What ACA was doing was gaming the ratings agencies for their investment grade , Triple AAA ratings approval .
Their expertise ( if you can call it that ) was knowing exactly how much junk they could include in the CDO to raise yield , yet still get investment grade from Moody ’s or S&P .
They are hardly an innocent party in this .
5 . This was only one incident :
The Market sure as hell does n’t think so — it whacked 15 % off of Goldman ’s Market cap .
The aggressive SEC posture , the huge reaction from Goldie , and the short term market verdict all suggest there is more coming .
If it were only this one case , and there was nothing else worrisome behind it , GS would have written a check and quietly settled this .
Their reaction ( some say over - reaction ) belies that theory .
I suspect this is a tip of the iceberg , with lots more problematic synthetics behind it .
And not just at GS .
I suspect the kids over at Deutsche bank , Merrill and Morgan are working furiously to review their various CDOs deals .
6 . The Timing of this case is suspect .
More coincidental , really .
The Wells notice ( notification from the SEC they intend to recommend enforcement ) was over 8 months ago .
The White House is not involved in the timing of the suit itself , it is a lower level staff decision .
7 . This is a Complex Case : Again , no .
Parts of it are a little more sophisticated than others , but this is a simple case of fraud / misrepresentation .
The most difficult part of this case is likely to turn on what is a “ material omission . ”
Paulson ’s role in selecting mortgages may or may not be material — that is an issue of fact for a jury to determine .
But complex ?
Not even close .
8 . The case looks thin :
What we see in the complaint is the bare minimum the prosecutor has to reveal to make their case .
What you do n’t see are all the emails , depositions , interrogations , phone taps , etc. that the prosecutors know about and GS does not .
During the litigation discovery process , this material slowly gets turned over ( some is held back if there are other pending investigations into GS ) .
Going back to who the prosecutor in this case is :
His legal reputation is he is very thorough , very precise , meticulous litigator .
If he decided to recommend bringing a case against the biggest baddest investment house on Wall Street bank , I assure you he has a major arsenal of additional evidence you do n’t know about .
Yet .
Typically , at a certain point the lawyers will tell their client that the evidence is overwhelming and advise settling .
That is around 6 - 12 months after the suit has begun .
9 . This case is Political : I keep hearing that phrase , due to the SEC party vote .
It is incorrect .
What that means is the case is not political , it means it has been politicized as a defense tactic .
There is a huge difference between the two .
10 . I ’m not a lawyer , but . . .
Then you should not be ignorantly commenting on securities litigation .
Why do n’t you pour yourself a tall glass of STF up and go sit quietly in the corner .
Introduction
I love all kinds of books , but I tend to gravitate towards those that have a speculative bent .
This is the reason I like novels so much , the form is entirely speculative , in the sense that all novelists are creating their characters and worlds from whole cloth .
But within this effort , the opportunity for imaginative exploration is unlimited .
From Phillip K. Dick creating a world in which the Germans won WWII , to the more historically based Czech society under Communism of the late sixties in Milan Kundera ’s The Unbearable Lightness of Being .
Dick ’s world is entirely speculative while Kundera ’s is based on memory and experience , but both are the inventions of the author .
Emily Barton is a writer who masterfully splits the difference .
Barton 's second novel Brookland , while wildly speculative , does n’t feel that way .
Brookland is the tale of three sisters in the late 18th century who run a gin mill , the eldest of whom goes on to design and build a bridge that spans the east river from Brookland to Manhattan decades before the current edifice we all know and love .
Through Barton ’s use of archaic English and dazzling verisimilitude you find yourself utterly convinced that this historical event happened .
The story spans the years and tracks the sisters relationships , the progress of the Bridge , and citizens of Brookland in the language of the period .
History breathes in this book , and you find yourself transported as you move through time .
When you do step back from it , the immense effort in research of detail becomes apparent and adds another level of pleasure to the experience .
When I receive a submission for The Hypothetical Library , I 'm always amazed at how much can be drawn from a brief description .
Barton 's hypothetical entry — Golems !
A Musical — arrived as a simple one page premise about the ascent ( or descent ) of a young Jewish man from the lower east side of 1920's Manhattan to the bright lights of Broadway , containing within it a whole structure based on duality : a boy and girl , the Yiddish theater and Broadway , being good and living the good life , hetero and homosexuality , orthodoxy and worldliness .
And that 's just the novel part of it .
Barton doubles up again with a story inside the story , a play is embedded within the novel .
Naturally this play also features doubling — two men who create two Golems to win the hearts of two girls — and examines the pairings of effort versus ease , the mystical and the earthly .
In that spirit I decided to do two parts for this hypothetical book : a book cover featuring the slightly kitschy , and hilarious Broadway approach for the novel , and a more somber period - style Yiddish theater poster of the play inside the novel , Di Goylemim .
With each submission to The Hypothetical Library I ask the authors , if possible , to approach other authors to provide an actual cover blurb for their hypothetical book , and this time I am very happy to say we have author Michael Chabon .
He penned one of my personal favorites , The Adventures of Kavalier & Clay , so I am very excited that he provided the well - deserved praise for Ms. Barton ’s hypothetical book .
So with out further ado I give you Golems !
A Musical / Di Goylemim .
The Cover
Golems !
A Musical — The hypothetical flap copy
Shlomi Berenfelt works as a bootblack on Second Avenue , spit - shining the wingtips of the big machers of Yiddish theater .
While they smoke Cuban cigars and sip champagne , he lives in Mrs.
Gold ’s boarding house , eating her cabbage soup and pining after her theater - loving daughter , Raisl — a plain girl , but soulful , and highly skilled with a needle and thread .
But Shlomi dreams of more than just Raisl - darned socks and embroidered yarmulkes — he wants to be a player in that glittering Second Avenue world , not just a bootblack at its fringes .
For years , he has climbed each night to his cramped room and worked on what he hopes will be his ticket out of the ghetto and into Raisl Gold ’s heart : his great play , his masterpiece , Di Goylemim .
Di Goylemim tells the story of Mendele and Shimmel , two tailor ’s apprentices who , bored with the mundanity of their day jobs , decide to make things more interesting — and with any luck lighten their workload — by fashioning a golem out of clay and old fabric scraps .
Shlomi is ecstatic when his play captures the imagination of the urbane , up - and - coming producer Pinchas Meyer .
But he despairs when , in Meyer ’s hands , the script begins to change .
Mendele and Shimmel become sassy , scarf - flipping Michael and Scott , the play becomes a musical — Golems ! — and the show ’s big numbers , “ Saturday ’s A Fine Day for Lighting A Fire ” and “ Boy Oh Boy That ’s Bacon ! , ” have preview audiences all atwitter about how Golems !
could easily make the leap from Second Avenue to Broadway .
Shlomi Berenfelt is on the verge of success , but at what cost ?
Do caviar and champagne lead inexorably to treyf , as Meyer ’s script suggests ?
Will Pinchas lead him toward glowing reviews , financial rewards , and the love that dare not speak its name to its bubbe — but away from Torah and Raisl ?
Can he bear to have his name on the marquee of a play that features the dance number “ A Friday Night , An Elevator , and You ” ?
In this gaslit spectacular of a novel , Emily Barton brings to life the Lower East Side in all its glory : pickle barrels stinking , kreplach frying , the theaters filled with raucus song , the boys more than a little feygele .
Golems !
A Musical is a humorous and tender look at how one man navigates the journey between his heritage and the sparkling new world in which he hopes to succeed .
Above all , it is a testament to the resilience of the human spirit .
The promotional quote — Michael Chabon
" The world of Second Avenue in its raucous heyday — frying onions , violins , greasepaint and ganefs -- has been waiting for the hand of an enchanter to come and wake it from its long slumber .
Now comes Emily Barton to write her magic inscription and bring that world wildly to life . "
Di Goylemim Poster
As soon as I read Emily Bartons ’s proposal for Golems !
A Musical I knew I wanted to do a Yiddish Theater poster along with the book cover .
The Yiddish Theater is fascinating history —
An entire rich world quickly fading from memory , but kept alive by a very few .
Yiddish is almost dead , only spoken with regularity by the Orthodox Hasidic community , and only peppers speech in English ( Oy vey ! ) , but it once lived throughout the world as a vibrant and expressive language .
The Yiddish Theater straddled worlds — on the one hand it lived in America as a way of reassuring recent jewish immigrants that their culture could remain in tact , but on the other , helped them to modernize and integrate .
It was an art form that contained within itself , its own destruction .
The posters of the time reflect that transition — starting early on completely in Yiddish , then a combination of English , and Yiddish , and then almost entirely in English .
You can trace the life and death of the Yiddish theater through the posters over time .
Although Barton ’s story takes place in the mid 1920 ’s , I ’ve emulated what is probably a later style — more mid 1930 ’s , but I thought it would best reflect on the transitional nature of Shlomi Berenfelt ’s dilema , just as his story reflects the transitional nature of Jewish culture of that time .
Since most , if not all of you , ca n’t read Yiddish ( myself included )
I ’ve created an annotated pdf with the english translation of each of the Yiddish phrases — just click on the yellow word balloons and a text box will pop up with the english version .
Download Di Goylemim_poster_final_5
About the translation
As I mentioned above I ca n’t read Yiddish , or Hebrew for that matter ( I ’m a shaygetz from central Ohio .
What do I know from Yiddish — nu ? ) .
As a result I needed a lot of help for the poster , so I ’m sending a very public thank you for the Mitzvah from my friends , and friends of friends : Michael Schreiber , David Yankelewitz , Masha Rudina , Julian Ribinik , and Rivka Lichtenstein ( all the way from Israel , no less ! ) .
A very big Toda to one and all !
Biography
Emily Barton is the author of two novels , The Testament of Yves Gundron , which was named a New York Times Notable Book of the Year and a San Francisco Chronicle Book of the Month , and received the Bard Fiction Prize , and Brookland which was also a New York Times Notable Book , and was chosen as one one of the twenty - five best 2006 works of fiction and poetry by the Los Angeles Times .
She currently teaches at Yale , and soon at Columbia ’s MFA program .
She also writes essays , and book reviews , the most recent of which ( yesterday ) appeared in the Los Angeles Times , and can be seen here .
Emily recently was interviewed on WAMC ’s outstanding show “ The Roundtable ” and she gave The Hypothetical Library a mention which made me blush , and leave the room when I listened .
You can visit her site for more information here .
Next : China Miéville
Alvin Nathaniel Joiner ( born September 18 , 1974 in Detroit , Michigan ) , better known by his stage name Xzibit , is an American rapper , actor , and host of MTV's Pimp My Ride .
He began his music career as a member of the Likwit Crew , a loose collective of West Coast rappers including King Tee Defari , and Tha Alkaholiks .
He released his solo debut album ' At The Speed Of Life ' in 1996 and has since released 5 more albums , his latest being Full Circle , released in 2006 .
His new album Napalm is expected to be released sometime in 2012 .
Born in Detroit , Michigan , Joiner moved … read more
Taio Cruz is set to release his second studio album Rokstarr ( roll eyes ) over in America on June 1st , and to spice things up he has added two new “ exclusive ” tracks for fans to feast on .
I have n’t got both of them for you to listen to , but I have managed to secure one of them – Dynamite .
This track definitely feels like it is aimed towards an American audience , as Cruz seems to borrow heavily from Will .
I.Am and Sean Kingston in his vocal delivery .
It may be a hit but it certainly is n’t original .
Taio Cruz – Dynamite
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
BEIJING — China announced Wednesday that its exports climbed 46 percent in February from a year earlier , a sign that economists said signaled a rebound in consumer demand from the United States and other Western markets .
It was the third consecutive month of increases in Chinese exports and the fastest growth in three years .
Orders from the United States , the European Union and Japan accounted for almost half of the growth , after demand from emerging markets rose in the previous two months .
Chinese imports increased 45 percent over last year , led by crude oil , after factories stepped up production .
Some economists said the figures indicated China ’s recovery was well under way .
Tao Wang , head of China research for UBS Securities , predicted that Chinese exports would rebound to the level of 2008 , before China was hurt by the global financial crisis .
May 24 , 2010 Boycott BP
Share Facebook
Twitter
Email
Boycott BP .
Why ?
Because BP must pay .
Eleven oil workers are dead .
One of the largest oil spills in U.S. history continues to worsen .
BP ’s oil gusher at the floor of the Gulf of Mexico may be 100 times worse than BP first estimated ( and 20 times worse than the company presently claims ) .
100 times !
BP ’s oil gusher is now threatening coastal lands in Louisiana and is almost certain to destroy fisheries and the livelihoods of people who fish and shrimp in the Gulf , or rely on the Gulf for tourism business .
The giant plumes of oil deep underwater will exact an unknown toll on sea life .
And the spreading oil may even wind up in currents that eventually take it to the U.S. Eastern shores .
BP CEO Tony Hayward is sanguine about the whole problem .
The Financial Times quotes him saying , “ I think the environmental impact of this disaster is likely to have been very , very modest . ”
A boycott will send a message to BP that its shoddy oversight of this project and its history of environmental and worker safety violations is unforgivable .
Take the BP Boycott Pledge , and commit not to buy gas from BP for at least three months .
Go here : www.beyondbp.org
BP cares desperately about its public image .
This is the company that has sought to rebrand itself as “ Beyond Petroleum . ”
BusinessWeek estimates the BP brand as worth $ 3.9 billion — the highest among oil companies .
“ Not even an Alaskan oil spill or an explosion at a Texas
refinery has put a dent in BP ’s strong [ brand ] performance , ” said BusinessWeek in 2006 .
This time must be different .
A boycott will express the organized consumer anger that BP so fears .
This is a company that should fear the public ’s wrath , for the Deepwater Horizon blowout was a preventable disaster .
While much remains unknown , there is mounting evidence that BP could have averted the catastrophe .
BP made a conscious decision not to install a $ 500,000 safety device that could have prevented the blowout .
There is good reason to believe BP ’s contractors on the Deepwater Horizon made multiple mistakes leading up to the disaster , but it is ultimately BP ’s job to make sure its contractors are exercising sufficient care .
And Mike Williams , the chief electronics technician on the Deepwater Horizon , told 60 Minutes that BP pressured its contractors to skirt other safety measures that might have prevented the disaster .
All this from a company that made $ 14 billion in profits in 2009 — a bad year .
First quarter profits in 2010 were over $ 6 billion .
After the explosion on the Deepwater Horizon , Tony Hayward reportedly asked why bad things keep happening to BP .
But this is not a case of bad things happening to good people .
BP has one of the worst environmental and safety records of any oil company operating in the United States .
BP has pled guilty in just the last few years to two crimes and paid more than $ 730 million in fines , penalties and settlements for environmental crimes , willful disregard for workplace safety and energy market manipulation .
BP sometimes says it will pay for the harms caused by the spill , but at other times hedges what it may be willing to do .
There will be litigation and fines , and BP wo n’t have the final say on what it wants to pay .
In any case , cash compensation for economic harms caused — while necessary — does n’t bring back destroyed ecosystems and does little to mitigate the company ’s culpability for not preventing the blowout in the first place .
The only good that can come out of the BP disaster is if it forces the United States to fundamentally reorient energy policy .
As a matter of simple common sense , the Obama administration should reverse its new policy and stop offshore drilling expansion .
More fundamentally , BP ’s oil gusher is yet another reminder of the need for a massive shift away from fossil fuels and to investments in efficiency and renewable energy .
The disaster also emphasizes how crucial it is to hold Big Oil accountable .
The BP boycott is a way to start .
There are no “ good ” oil companies , but BP is a particularly bad and irresponsible actor .
Consumers should make it pay .
Take the BP Boycott Pledge : www.beyondbp.org.
Robert Weissman is president of Public Citizen .
COPENHAGEN ( Reuters ) - Denmark 's DONG Energy DONG.UL could accomplish quicker than planned its 30 - year strategy of weaning itself off reliance on coal in favor of wind and other clean energies , its chief executive said .
“ The scaling back on coal has been faster than we anticipated when we made the plan , and the amount of new investments in wind has been bigger than we expected , ” Chief Executive Anders Eldrup , an architect of that strategy adopted last year , told the Reuters Global Energy Summit on Wednesday .
State - owned DONG
Energy currently produces 85 percent of its electricity and heat with fossil fuels , above all coal , and gets 15 percent from renewable energy resources , mainly wind .
But over the next 30 years , it aims to stand that proportion on its head , though gas -- a fossil fuel -- will remain in its arsenal of “ clean ” energies alongside wind and biomass that will grow to 85 percent while coal ’s share shrinks to 15 percent .
As part of that “ 85/15 strategy , ” DONG aims to reduce its carbon - dioxide emissions per hour of electricity produced to 15 percent of the current level by 2040 , with a halving of CO2 emissions to occur within the next 10 years .
“ My impression is that we will be able to do this faster than we set up in our plan even though we have set a target to do it at a frontend - loaded speed , ” Eldrup said .
“ Each year in our annual report , we will make a detailed report on whether we are on target or not . ”
COAL OUT , WIND IN
To get started down that path , DONG Energy last year decided to halt investment in four big coal - fired power plant projects in Germany and the UK , the best - known of which was a plan for a plant near Greifswald .
“ Our company is not in a position , and does not want to be in a position , to build more coal - fired plants , ” Eldrup said , adding that the group is closing a quarter of its coal - fired capacity in Denmark and may chose to convert them to biomass .
DONG has also stepped up new investment in offshore wind power developments where it is already the world leader , having established half of all the offshore turbines in the world .
“ When we look to our ( capital expenditure ) , we twist it so that the lion ’s share goes to the renewables side and especially to wind , ” Eldrup said .
He noted that CAPEX projects to 2015 are either decided already or on the drawing board , so the company has a good idea of what will happen up to then .
Last year DONG ’s investments were 20 billion Danish crowns ( $ 3.30 billion ) , but this year ’s net investment plan has been cut to 10 billion crowns due to the financial crisis .
About half of new investment goes to wind power parks , Eldrup said .
Last year , the company opened the world ’s biggest offshore wind farm , its 209 - megawatt Horns Rev 2 development in the North Sea off Jutland .
In two weeks , it will inaugurate in the UK the 175 - MW Gunfleet Sands wind developments .
It is working in the Irish Sea near Liverpool on the 365 - MW Walney wind farms for a startup next year .
It is a partner in the 630 - MW London Array in the Thames Estuary , which will be the world ’s biggest offshore wind farm when it begins producing in 2012 , and it has filed an application to build Denmark ’s future biggest , the 400 - MW Anholt park .
Semalt Shares A Compelling Practice On How To Get Rid Of RDN / Trojan.worm
If you are a user of Windows 10 , then you could be at risk of infection from a malware known as RDN / Trojan .worm .
Knowing the correct way to identify and remove this virus is very important , as some scammers will try to trick you into believing that you are infected so that you will pay them money to " remove " it .
In reality , they will take the money and do absolutely nothing because you were n't infected in the first place .
A good rule to avoid these situations is that you should only trust messages from your own antivirus software .
Any other messages might be caused by the plug-ins and extensions that your web browser uses .
If these are concerning to you , then you should try resetting your browser to remove these undesirable elements .
Ivan Konovalov , the Customer Success Manager of Semalt Digital Services , provides all you need to know to avoid RDN / Trojan . worm infection .
RDN / Trojan.worm is one of the most dangerous computer viruses in the world , so if you suspect your computer may be infected , then you should take extreme caution .
It is a Trojan , meaning it gets onto your computer without you realizing it , and then it attacks with stealth so you may not notice that damage it is doing .
This virus works by attacking system files on your computer .
In order to avoid detection , the first thing this virus does is to block your antivirus software .
Once this is disabled , it starts deleting important system files , meaning your computer will crash .
Furthermore , the virus can also attack your own personal folders , so if you have n't backed up your important files , then they could be lost forever .
The problem is that the only way to permanently remove the virus is to delete the infected files , so in order to save your computer you might need to lose some or all of your personal files .
Some users who have experienced this virus have reported that the malware can also affect web browsers , causing them to freeze .
Rebooting your PC will be no use for dealing with these browser problems , as they will still be there when your PC starts up again .
If you need to close a frozen browser , then you should do so with the task manager ( accessed via ctrl+alt+delete ) .
Knowing the difference between a scam and genuine malware
Telling the difference between a con which will try to convince you that your computer is infected and a real virus should be quite easy .
Fake warnings will open while you are using your web browser and will likely not carry the name of your anti-virus software .
These fake pop-ups will be associated with a malicious website or an undesirable plug - in .
Your browser has no ability to scan your computer , so if this message is tied to your browser , then you should immediately disregard it .
They seek to scare you into believing that your PC is at risk , and then they try to convince you to part with money in order to solve the non-existent problem .
They might carry contact details ( such as a phone number ) for you to get in touch with " professionals " who can " help " .
The people you will speak to if you contact them will always be scammers who will try to take money from you .
This can happen on any web browser , so always be vigilant while browsing the web if you receive a message like this .
If you receive a warning from a real antivirus software such as Norton or McAfee ( or similar known brand ) , then this should be taken more seriously .
You should follow up these warnings with a scan of your computer using anti-malware software .
If your computer is connected to the internet , then it is at risk from malware , so take warnings from real antivirus software seriously .
Just be vigilant against the con-artists .
Removing RDN / Trojan.worm
If you have good reason to believe that your PC may be infected , then you should use a professional tool for removing Malware .
Even if the " malware " turns out to be fake , it 's always better to be safe than sorry .
Please follow this guide to remove RDN / Trojan .worm ( or other malware ) :
Using a computer which is n't infected , download the SpyHunter setup file .
Transfer the file onto the infected computer and run it .
A prompt will appear , and just hit the RUN button when it does .
Set the language you 'd like .
Press OK .
Press CONTINUE .
Press I ACCEPT .
Press CONTINUE .
Wait while SpyHunter is installed .
When the installation finishes , click EXIT .
Reboot your computer in Safe Mode .
When the desktop has loaded , use the SpyHunter software .
Click the button for SCAN COMPUTER NOW to let the software perform a scan of the entire system .
Wait while SpyHunter performs this scan .
After scanning , the software will list all the threats detected on your PC .
Use the button marked FIX THREATS to clean your computer of the malware .
When the threats have been removed , restart your PC .
If the problem persists when you have restarted your computer , seek help from a professional support team .
Conclusion
Malware ( and scam " malware " ) is a common threat of most PC users .
Once you have been infected , the most important thing is to deal with it immediately .
The longer you wait , the more damage it could do .
Always be sure to make copies of important documents , because you do n't know what they Malware will destroy .
Whether this Virus is real , or just a scam , professional anti-malware tools are an effective way of dealing with any problems you might have .
Act as quickly as possible to protect your PC and your data .
The plan in Texas to rewrite history textbooks to fit a right - wing agenda could pass this week .
The Guardian profiles the evangelical Christian lawyer behind the push , Cynthia Dunbar , who has plenty of interesting ways of looking at history .
Dunbar was elected to the state board of education for her evangelical Christian credentials , but no real surprise there because we already know that Texas has a large number of crazies in positions of power .
A proponent of home and Christian private schooling , Dunbar says that sending kids to public schools is like " throwing them in to the enemy 's flames . "
But because of the sheer number of the state 's textbook purchases , the changes suggested by Dunbar could eventually reach most of the states in America .
The Guardian quotes Dunbar as saying :
In Texas we have certain statutory obligations to promote patriotism and to promote the free enterprise system .
There seems to have been a move away from a patriotic ideology .
There seems to be a denial that this was a nation founded under God .
We had to go back and make some corrections . "
What kind of corrections ?
Some pretty big ones !
Remember that thing called the slave trade ?
Well , it turns out what you learned was all wrong , because it was n't some evil buying and selling of human beings , it was simply " Atlantic triangular trade . "
The Civil Rights Movement created " unrealistic expectations of equal outcomes " for minorities in America .
And Martin Luther King , Jr? Pretty much a Black Panther .
Thomas Jefferson ?
He was an insignificant , God-hating heathen who made sure that church and state remained separate .
Senator Joe McCarthy was right to go after the Godless commies in Hollywood and Washington .
He will be vindicated .
The right to bear arms is essential to democracy and kids really need to learn this in school .
Sir Isaac Newton did n't know shit .
We have military technology to thank for America 's successes in science .
So please , take the time to write Lockheed Martin and let them know that you appreciate everything they do for America .
Along with military technology , America can only flourish economically through " minimal government intrusion and taxation . "
Capitalism was once a great word , but has been dragged through the mud by liberals .
We now call it " free enterprise . "
The Israel - Palestine conflict ?
Blame the whole thing on a bunch of dang fundamentalist Muslims .
Moses had a greater influence on the US Constitution than Thomas Jefferson did .
Advising Dunbar and the school board is David Barton , founder of the revisionist group WallBuilders , whose stated goal is " to exert a direct and positive influence in government , education , and the family by ( 1 ) educating the nation concerning the Godly foundation of our country ; ( 2 ) providing information to federal , state , and local officials as they develop public policies which reflect Biblical values ; and ( 3 ) encouraging Christians to be involved in the civic arena . "
Because if Christians are n't involved in the indoctrination of our youth , then the terrorist - loving liberals will continue to ruin our nation unchecked .
For more information , be sure to check out Dunbar 's book , One Nation Under God , which is " an undeniable tool in the fight against the spiritual and political propaganda dispensed through media and special interest groups . "
You understand now ?
That Goddamn dang liberal media is hell bent on destroying our values .
Take a stand .
[ Image via ]
We did not find results for : grove staffing service garland .
Try the suggestions below or type a new query above .
Feds Target Toyota with Largest Fine Ever Levied Against an Automaker LaHood wants $ 16.4 million for failure to notify NHTSA of ' sticky ' gas pedals .
Apr. 5 , 2010  -- Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood announced today that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) will seek the largest civil penalty possible against Toyota , and the largest civil penalty ever levied against an automaker , for failing to notify the government about " sticky " gas pedals .
Toyota recalled 2.3 million U.S vehicles in January for " sticky " gas pedals that it blamed for some incidents of sudden acceleration .
Under law , carmakers must tell NHTSA within five business days if they have identified a safety defect .
NHTSA determined through a review of Toyota 's own internal documents that the manufacturer knew of the pedal problem on September 29 , 2009 , four months before the recall .
On September 29 , Toyota sent repair procedures for the pedals to distributors in 32 countries -- but not the U.S. -- because of complaints about the pedals and incidents of sudden unintended acceleration .
" We now have proof that Toyota failed to live up to its legal obligations , " said Secretary LaHood .
" Worse yet , they knowingly hid a dangerous defect for months from U.S. officials and did not take action to protect millions of drivers and their families .
For those reasons , we are seeking the maximum penalty possible under current laws . "
Federal law permits NHTSA to ask for a fine of $ 16.375 million for the delay in notification about sticky pedals .
NHTSA may levy further penalties for other additional violations if warranted .
" Safety is our top priority and we will vigorously pursue companies that put consumers at risk , " said NHTSA Administrator David Strickland .
" We will continue to hold Toyota accountable for any additional violations we find in our ongoing investigation . "
Toyota has issued three major recalls in recent months for ill - fitting floor mats , sticky pedals and software that controls braking .
In February , NHTSA began investigating how Toyota had conducted the recalls and asked the automaker for documents .
As of April 5 , Toyota had submitted more than 70,000 pages of documents for NHTSA officials to review .
According to figures from the federal government and Toyota , five deaths and 17 serious injuries have been traced to floor mat entrapment causing sudden acceleration in Toyota vehicles .
According to both Toyota and the government , " sticky " gas pedals have not been linked to any deaths or serious injuries .
In a statement , Toyota said that it had not yet received a letter from NHTSA about the fine .
" While we have not yet received their letter , " said the statement , " we understand that NHTSA has taken a position on this recall .
We have already taken a number of important steps to improve our communications with regulators and customers on safety - related matters as part of our strengthened overall commitment to quality assurance .
These include the appointment of a new Chief Quality Officer for North America and a greater role for the region in making safety - related decisions . "
The statement did not say whether Toyota would contest the fine .
Safety advocate Joan Claybrook , a former NHTSA administrator , applauded LaHood 's announcement .
" I think it 's terrific that DOT is finally getting serious about safety , " said Claybrook , " and this is a clear statement by the department that not only Toyota but other companies , if they violate the safety rules , they 're going to get the maximum fine . "
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
From the can 't - make - this - stuff - up department comes Kimberly Reed 's unique documentary " Prodigal Sons , " about a transgender woman ( Reed herself ) returning to her hometown of Helena , Mont. , for her first post - op visit .
Not that unusual until it 's revealed that she 's attending her high school class reunion -- the school where Kim , back then a strapping lad named Paul McKerrow , embodied an ideal of American manliness as the star quarterback .
Complicating matters is Kim 's estranged relationship with her adopted brother , Marc , a talented but tortured man who was in the same graduating class as his sibling and has felt overshadowed ever since .
It does n't help that a terrible accident in Marc 's 20s resulted in his having had a chunk of his brain removed , causing split - personality behaviors and wild , sometimes violent mood swings .
There are times when it is hard to understand why Kim is willing to deal with her brother .
All that -- and then Marc discovers he is a missing link to Hollywood royalty , the grandson of Orson Welles and Rita Hayworth .
Seriously .
This combination of amazing coincidences , sibling tensions and identity crises is a natural fit for the documentary form .
Even if " Prodigal Sons " is ultimately more buildup than payoff , Reed is a nimble enough filmmaker to roll with unexpected developments and make poignant connections between her family 's unremarkable past and its extraordinary , wrenching present .
Also remarkable is the respectful , live - and - let - live attitude of fellow Montanans toward Kim , whose vibrancy and confidence make her a virtual advertisement for gender - reassignment surgery .
( 86 minutes , not rated , Living Room Theaters ) Grade : B
-- Stan Hall
How much water do you use every day ?
Most of us have no idea , and this infographic reveals how the average American wastes water and ways to change your H2O habits .
Water , water , everywhere …
If you ’re like most people , you probably never think about the amount of water you use every day .
It ’s not like money that you can earn , borrow , or loan to your kids – just turn on a tap and it flows .
From brushing your teeth in the morning , to that elegant fountain downtown , water is a resource that is largely taken for granted .
However , when you see how much we use , and waste , you may be surprised .
No , a water footprint is not the footprint you leave when you run around the pool , it ’s actually the total amount of water used in the country .
And this number is expressed in cubic meters ( 1 cubic meter is 264.172 gallons ) .
According to Scientific American , America ’s water footprint measures in at 1.053 billion cubic meters per year ( that ’s 278,173,171,133.1 gallons ) .
Yes , China and India use more water generally , but we are close to their overall usage with a much smaller population than either of these countries .
As individual Americans , we use more water per person than anyone else on the planet .
How Do We Use So Much Water ?
Easy .
Keeping our lawns growing , filling swimming pools , not fixing leaky pipes , you name it .
And the biggest water drain ?
The EPA estimates that 27 % of our indoor water usage comes from the toilet .
This number is even higher for older bathrooms .
Surprisingly , making water more expensive does n’t seem to help .
Even if you have to borrow money from your aunt to pay the water bill , chances are you will still use a lot .
What can help ?
Step one is understanding how much water is wasted every day .
Try some of these changes for yourself .
Over the year you could save thousands of dollars for yourself , and help insurance that there is enough water for future generations .
Water ( less ) World : H20 Use Around the World
Water Economics
What about water ?
It is easy to take this basic building block of life for granted .
However , water is a surprisingly limited commodity .
Over the next 30 years , the global water supply is in danger of drying up .
The world population is projected to reach nine billion by 2050 .
Not only will these people need water to drink and bathe with also a massive amount of water must be used to grow additional food .
The most rapid growth will be in developing nations , whose water supplies are already under stress .
By 2030 , the number of people living under severe water stress is expected to rise to 3.9 billion , nearly half of the world population .
How Much Water Do You Use ?
The annual personal water use by country varies widely .
In Canada , 88 percent of people have access to tap water .
Canadians use 759 liters per day .
In the USA , 100 percent of the people have access to tap water , using 570 liters of water per day .
In Mexico , 90 percent of the people have access to tap water , with each person using 340 liters of water per day .
In India , 19 percent of the people have access to tap water , with each person using 128 liters of water per day .
In the U.K. , 100 percent of the people have access to tap water , using 119 liters of water per day .
In China , 69 percent of the people have access to tap water , with each person using 80 liters of water per day .
How Does Your Country Utilize Water ?
Because of water - saving farming techniques and better infrastructure , the developed world uses less water to grow more food .
If the developing world can receive assistance modernizing their agriculture techniques , they can produce more food and have more water left over to meet other needs .
China uses about 60 percent of its water on agriculture , about 30 percent of its water on industry and about 10 percent on domestic uses .
India uses about 70 percent of its water on agriculture , about 10 percent of its water on industry and about 20 percent on domestic uses .
In the U.K. , about 5 percent of the water is used on agriculture , about 65 percent of the water is used on industry and about 30 percent of the water is used on domestic uses .
In Canada , about 10 percent of the water is used on agriculture , about 60 percent of the water is used on industry and about 30 percent is used on domestic uses .
In the U.S.A. , about 50 percent of the water is used on agriculture , about 40 percent of the water is used on industrial uses and about 10 percent of the water is used on domestic uses .
In Mexico , about 80 percent of the water is used in agriculture , about 10 percent is used in industry and about 10 percent is used for domestic purposes .
This article was updated on June 1 , 2010 .
Please see the editor 's note at the end of the article .
A Michigan lawmaker wants to register reporters to ensure they ’re credible and have “ good moral character . ”
State Sen. Bruce Patterson is introducing legislation that will regulate reporters much as the state regulates hairdressers , auto mechanics and plumbers .
Patterson , who also practices constitutional law , says the general public is being overwhelmed by an increasing number of media outlets -- traditional , online and citizen generated -- and an even greater amount of misinformation .
“ Legitimate media sources are critically important to our government , ” he said .
He told FoxNews.com that some reporters covering state politics do n’t know what they ’re talking about and they ’re working for publications he ’s never heard of , so he wants to install a process that ’ll help him and the general public figure out which reporters to trust .
“ We have to be able to get good information , ” he said .
“ We have to be able to rely on the source and to understand the credentials of the source . ”
Critics say the proposed law will stem press freedoms and is bound to be politicized , with disgruntled politicians going after reporters who do n’t paint them in a positive light .
They also say that adding members of the fourth estate to the list of government - regulated occupations is probably unconstitutional .
“ It ’s misguided and it ’s never going to fly , ” said Kelly McBride , media ethics expert at the Poynter Institute .
She is currently involved in a project examining the transformation of the journalism profession .
The bill was introduced on May 11 and has been referred to the Michigan legislature ’s Committee on Economic Development and Regulatory Reform .
“ It ’s a single sponsor bill .
I think that says it all , ” said Mike MacLaren , executive director of the Michigan Press Association .
“ I ’ve not talked to the senator about this but whenever you see a single sponsor it ’s usually indicative of what others think of it , which is not much . ”
According to the bill , reporters who register will have to pay an application and registration fee and provide a " Board of Michigan Registered Reporters " with proof of :
-- " Good moral character ” and demonstrate they have industry “ ethics standards acceptable to the board . ”
-- Possession of a degree in journalism or other degree substantially equivalent .
-- Not less than 3 years experience as a reporter or any other relevant background information .
-- Awards or recognition related to being a reporter .
-- Three or more writing samples .
Unregistered reporters would not be prevented from covering Michigan politics , and registering with the state would be voluntary .
Patterson conceded that he did n’t actually think his bill would be enacted into law .
He said he ’s winding down his two - decade political career and wants to provoke public discussion before he leaves office .
“ I would argue the First Amendment feels otherwise , ” said MacLaren .
“ He ’s entitled to his thoughts .
The First Amendment protects those as well . ”
“ What ’s the definition of a reporter ?
I have n’t been able to find out ?
What ’s a reporter ?
What ’s a journalist ? ” Patterson said .
“ I thought you had to have a degree in journalism , but apparently not .
I could retire and be a journalist . ”
Patterson said he wants a central place where members of the public can go to find out about reporters ’ credentials , background and experience .
“ I ’m talking about a central depository for information so someone can go find all that out , ” Patterson said , comparing his idea to the vetting process for expert witnesses who testify in court .
He said he feels that there ’s no way to tell who ’s a legitimate journalist and who ’s just rewriting other reporters ’ reporting and twisting facts .
“ He is right , the problem is “ How do I know where I ’m getting my news from ? ” ” said McBride , who is working on a Ford Foundation project for the Poynter Institute that address the issue of the growing fifth estate -- non-professional bloggers , community reporters , and citizen journalists -- and the shrinking of the fourth estate , the traditional press .
But even though McBride agreed with Patterson ’s concerns that people do n’t know which news outlets to trust , she said the bill introducing government - registered reporters is just a bad idea .
Plus , she said , governments often try to control journalists through a credentialing process -- and these attempts are usually deemed unconstitutional .
“ I think that his concern is a legitimate one , ” McBride said , “ But you ’re not going to solve the problem by creating some kind of licensing system . ”
EDITOR'S NOTE :
An earlier version of this article stated incorrectly that the proposed bill would license reporters in Michigan .
Sen .
Patterson 's proposed legislation calls for a voluntary system of registration with a government board .
The latest from the " Who guards the guardians ? " department :
N.J. Police Looks the Other Way After Fellow Trooper Drinks and Drives
Trenton , NJ .
April 25 —
It had all the makings of a routine motor vehicle stop .
Police officer Ronald Gorneau spotted a silver Toyota swerving and pulled it over .
The driver , Sheila McKaig , admitted she had drunk " a lot " before getting behind the wheel , according to the incident report .
Then she told Gorneau she was a state trooper , and the stop in Hamilton Township , Atlantic County , was no longer routine .
Instead of being charged , McKaig was driven to the township ’s police station , where fellow troopers picked her up .
It was not an isolated incident .
In fact , it was the third time in three months in early 2008 that an off - duty McKraig was stopped by Hamilton police after drinking , according to a State Police document .
Each time no blood - alcohol test was given , no charges were filed and no ticket was written .
Today McKraig is still on the road as a state trooper , a position she has held for nine years .
All told , McKaig was stopped 10 times for various offenses over a 14 - month period , but she has never received a traffic ticket in New Jersey , according to police records and a spokeswoman for the state judiciary .
Law enforcement experts call it " professional courtesy " when officers give fellow cops a pass they would not give the average driver .
At the same time , however , New Jersey has been on a sustained crackdown on drunken driving .
In 2008 , police arrested 28,705 people for driving under the influence , and 154 people died in accidents involving at least one intoxicated person …
Thanks to Gerry Rodman .
Enlarge By Keith Simmons , USA TODAY .
USA TODAY OPINION USA TODAY OPINION On Religion Faith .
Religion .
Spirituality .
Meaning .
In our ever - shrinking world , the tentacles of religion touch everything from governmental policy to individual morality to our basic social constructs .
It affects the lives of people of great faith — or no faith at all .
This series of weekly columns — launched in 2005 — seeks to illuminate the national conversation .
America has a complex and enduring commitment to pluralism .
We want people to be free to act — and believe — as they please .
But we must all play in the same sandbox , so we are attentive to the idiosyncrasies of our playmates , especially when they do n't make sense to us .
Few idiosyncrasies are more perplexing than the ways people connect science and religion .
Widespread rejection of evolution , to take a familiar example , has created a crisis in education , and it now appears that biology texts might be altered to satisfy anti-evolutionary activists in Texas .
Many on the textbook commission believe their religion is incompatible with scientific explanations of origins — evolution and the Big Bang — so they want textbooks with more accommodating theories and different facts .
Understandably , many thoughtful and well - educated people , believers and non-believers alike , find this unacceptable .
Most of these critics emphasize that informed religious belief — even conservative evangelicalism with its insistence on an inerrant Bible — can accommodate modern science , including evolution .
Leading Old Testament scholar Bruce Waltke made this argument recently and was driven by theological gatekeepers to resign from his seminary .
But Waltke was immediately snapped up by a similar seminary , indicating that partial thawing has begun even on the frozen waters of fundamentalism .
This is incredibly encouraging .
A conservative evangelical seminary has just hired someone who has warned that Christians who deny scientific facts are in danger of becoming a " cult . "
This might suggest that Ken Ham and his Creation Museum in Petersburg , Ky. , are becoming less relevant , as they speak for — and to — an increasingly smaller band of hyperconservative biblical literalists .
Ham 's followers , ironically , are exactly what Waltke warned us about — a cult , with their own separate science .
And tolerance ?
What is not so encouraging in America 's conversation about origins is the opposition of " New Atheists " to any thawing of the chilly relations between science and religion .
They reject the tolerant spirit that motivated conservative Knox Seminary in Fort Lauderdale to hire an Old Testament scholar who accepts evolution .
Tufts University philosopher and leading atheist Daniel Dennett no doubt finds all this mystifying , since he thinks seminary education should ultimately terminate one 's faith : " Anybody who goes through seminary and comes out believing in God has n't been paying attention , " he told The Boston Globe .
Dennett 's brother - in- arms , atheist Jerry Coyne , raked Brown University cell biologist Ken Miller and me over the coals in The New Republic for our claims that Christians can unapologetically embrace science .
The only faiths compatible with science , wrote Coyne , are " Pantheism and some forms of Buddhism " — hardly encouraging since few Americans embrace either of these .
Coyne wrote that " 90 % of Americans " hold religious beliefs that " fall into the ' incompatible ' category . "
The 90 % of Americans holding beliefs incompatible with science include Charles Townes and William Phillips , who won Nobel Prizes in physics in 1964 and 1997 , respectively .
It includes many in between .
It includes Francis Collins , who received venomous attacks from atheists when he was nominated to head the National Institutes of Health .
Sam Harris described Collins ' personal religious journey , unfolded in his best - seller The Language of God , as an account of " nothing less than an intellectual suicide . "
Harris , who finally completed his Ph.D. in neuroscience at UCLA , apparently believes that neurons used for religious belief simply wo n't work if applied to science .
And no amount of scientific achievement by believers will convince him otherwise .
What is going on here ?
For the sake of argument , let us set aside questions about the truth of religion vs. the truth of science .
Suppose there is no such thing as religious truth , as Richard Dawkins argued in The God Delusion .
Allow that the " New Atheist Noise Machine , " as American University communications professor Matt Nisbet calls it , has a privileged grasp of the truth .
Even with these concessions , it still appears that the New Atheists are behaving like a boorish bunch of intellectual bullies .
There is something profoundly un-American about demanding that people give up cherished , or even uncherished , beliefs just because they do n't comport with science .
And the demand seems even more peculiar when it is applied so indiscriminately as to include religious believers with Nobel Prizes .
What sort of atheist complains that a fellow citizen doing world - class science must abandon his or her religion to be a good scientist ?
Our commitment to pluralism and individual freedom should motivate generosity in such matters and allow people " the right to be wrong , " especially when the beliefs in question do not interfere with us .
Nothing is gained by loud , self - promoting and mean - spirited assaults on the beliefs of fellow citizens .
The New Atheists need to learn how to play in the sandbox .
Karl Giberson is a professor at Eastern Nazarene College , co-president of the BioLogos Foundation and author of Saving Darwin : How to be a Christian and Believe in Evolution .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Among the witnesses at the hearing will be Dr. Tod Cooperman , president of ConsumerLab.com , a company that has tested over 2,000 dietary supplements made by more than 300 manufacturers and has found that one in four have quality problems .
According to Dr. Cooperman ’s written testimony , the most common problems are supplements that lack adequate quantities of the indicated ingredients and those contaminated with heavy metals .
Travis T. Tygart , chief executive of the United States Anti-Doping Agency , wrote a letter to the committee saying that some athletes have been rendered ineligible for international competitions because they took supplements that contained steroids not listed on the products ’ labels .
There are thousands of supplements available for sale that contain steroids or other harmful ingredients , he wrote .
“ The F.D.A. is operating in a regulatory environment that is simply too burdensome to allow for effective post - market regulation of these products , ” Mr. Tygart wrote .
Half of the nation ’s adult population takes vitamin supplements regularly , and about a quarter take herbal supplements at least occasionally .
Annual sales are about $ 25 billion a year , and the growing popularity has led to an increasing number of imported supplements spiked with illegal drugs .
In 1994 , Congress passed legislation that allowed supplement makers to sell products without first getting approval from the F.D.A. for their ingredients or for basic health claims .
But scientific organizations have warned repeatedly since then that the F.D.A. should do more to ensure that the supplements are safe and that their health claims are substantiated .
In recent years , a vast majority of supplement suppliers have located overseas — principally in China .
Nearly all of the vitamin C and many other supplements consumed in the United States are made from ingredients made in Chinese plants .
Those plants are almost never inspected by the F.D.A. because the agency is not required to do so , has little money to do so and does not view the plants as particularly risky .
Mr. Mister said supplement sellers tested ingredients before using them , but he agreed that testing could not ensure quality .
He called on Congress to provide the F.D.A. with more money to inspect foreign and domestic supplement plants .
“ I think you ’ll see more and more inspections , ” Mr. Mister said .
“ You know what sunshine is ? ” Mid-conversation , Tracy Morgan is suddenly wondering aloud .
“ Sunshine is when a beautiful woman walks in the room naked .
My woman just got out of the shower , and oooh , is she gorgeous . ”
This is what it ’s like to talk to Morgan .
He ’s at times somber — he choked up while talking about Tina Fey during a recent “ Oprah ” appearance — at times hilarious , at times thoughtful .
Sometimes , though , the 41 - year - old Bronx native is just nonsensical .
The unpredictable star of “ 30 Rock ” appears in Friday ’s “ Death at a Funeral , ” a remake of director Frank Oz ’s 2007 British comedy about a wake gone terribly wrong .
Chris Rock , Martin Lawrence , Luke Wilson and Zoe Saldana also star .
Luke Wilson said you were picking up girls while being towed down the street in a camera - ready car .
Absolutely .
All day long .
I ’m like the Gorton ’s Fisherman .
I gotta keep my mack up .
You ’re macking the girls — macaroni , you know .
Just hollah .
You keep your game sharp .
If you get the girls laughing , then everybody will follow .
He also said you did n’t know his name for the first few weeks of filming .
You called him “ Lou . ”
Yeah , that ’s my dude .
Yo , Lou !
I knew his name .
I was just calling him Lou .
Word is , you also hit on a hot , blondE “ 30 Rock ” extra by telling her she looked like she was married to a baseball player .
Yeah .
“ You look like you ’re married to a shortstop for the San Diego Padres . ” A shortstop !
That ’s the hardest position on the baseball team .
She did n’t give me her number .
Sometimes it ai n’t about that .
It ’s just about making somebody smile , because after a smile , soon follows a laugh .
Did you watch the original “ Death at a Funeral ” ?
Absolutely .
I watched the first one when it came out , and I thought that it was incredible that we got to do our version of it .
It ’s basically the same movie .
It ’s just that we ’re black , and they ’re British .
Your fans launched a campaign to get you on Twitter , which you eventually did .
But you have n’t tweeted since November .
I have n’t abandoned it .
I ’ve been moving at the speed of light lately .
I ’m in a different movie every two months .
I should go back on so I do n’t neglect my followers .
But they see what ’s going on , so it ’s not like , “ Where has he been ? ”
Is there one particular gig you ’re glad you did n’t do ?
Yeah , college .
Because if I went , I might have ended up at some crappy job .
I ’m glad I dropped out of high school , man .
I would n’t be where I ’m at .
I would have had a net .
I ’m glad I did n’t have anything to fall back on , man , because that made me go for my dreams that much harder .
Asia
Banyan
Analysis of Asian politics and culture , from our Banyan columnist and other correspondents .
Named for a tree whose branches have sheltered great ideas
Season Five ( aka " Season Cinco " ) of Tim and Eric , Awesome Show , Great Job ! is underway on Adult Swim , and , per usual , the guys have recruited plenty of funny friends to join them : John C. Reilly , " Weird Al " Yankovic , Will Forte , Rainn Wilson , Bob Odenkirk .
Zach Galifianakis reappears on the April 25 ep in a mock movie trailer about a passionate dance instructor .
Here 's a tease :
Watch the show at 12:30 a.m. ( OK , so it 's technically April 26 ) .
Or see episodes and clips online .
Note that some wo n't be safe for work .
There is a little Neanderthal in nearly all of us , according to scientists who compared the genetic makeup of humans with that of our closest ancient relatives .
Most people living outside Africa can trace up to 4 % of their DNA to a Neanderthal origin , a consequence of interbreeding between the two groups after the great migration from the contintent .
Anthropologists have long speculated that early humans may have mated with Neanderthals , but the latest study provides the strongest evidence so far , suggesting that such encounters took place around 60,000 years ago in the Fertile Crescent region of the Middle East .
Small , pioneering groups of modern humans began to leave Africa 80,000 years ago and reached land occupied by the Neanderthals as they spread into Eurasia .
The two may have lived alongside each other in small groups until the Neanderthals died out 30,000 years ago .
Scientists led by Svante Pääbo at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig took four years to sequence the whole Neanderthal genome from powdered bone fragments taken from three females who lived in Europe 40,000 years ago .
To see how similar the Neanderthal was to modern humans , the team compared the ancient DNA with the genomes of five people from France , China , southern Africa , western Africa and Papua New Guinea .
The study is the first to attempt a whole - genome comparison between Neanderthals and modern humans .
The researchers found that modern humans and Neanderthals shared 99.7 % of their DNA , which was inherited from a common ancestor 400,000 years ago .
Further analysis revealed that Neanderthals were more closely related to modern humans who left Africa than to the descendants of those who stayed .
Between 1 % and 4 % of the DNA in modern Europeans , Asians and those as far afield as Papua New Guinea , was inherited from Neanderthals .
" Those of us who live outside Africa carry a little Neanderthal in us , " said Professor Pääbo .
" Neanderthals probably mixed with early modern humans before Homo sapiens split into different groups in Europe and Asia .
The comparison of these two genetic sequences enables us to find out where our genome differs from that of our closest relative . "
Interbreeding between humans and Neanderthals may nonetheless have been rare .
Just two Neanderthal females in a group of around a hundred humans would have been enough to leave such a trace in our genome , provided that was the group that gave rise to all modern humans outside Africa .
The study , reported in the journal Science , was greeted by scientists as almost certain confirmation that modern humans and Neanderthals mated when the groups crossed paths .
" It certainly tells us something about human nature , " said Chris Stringer , head of human origins at the Natural History Museum in London .
Ed Green , a senior author on the study at the University of California , Santa Cruz , said : " How these peoples would have interacted culturally is not something we can speculate on in any meaningful way .
But knowing that there was gene flow is important , and it is fascinating to think about how that may have happened . "
He added : " The scenario is not what most people had envisioned .
We found the genetic signal of Neanderthals in all the non-African genomes , meaning that the admixture occurred early on , probably in the Middle East , and is shared with all descendants of the early humans who migrated out of Africa . "
The German group has yet to investigate what purpose , if any , the Neanderthal genes play in modern humans .
But the study did highlight several genes that are unique to modern humans .
They are thought to be involved in the development of brain function , features of the skull , metabolism and formation of the collar bone and rib cage .
" A major next step will be to find out not only what the unique human genes are doing , but whether the genes we 've got from Neanderthals are of functional significance .
Is there something in the biology of people outside Africa that is coming from those Neanderthal genes ? " said Prof Stringer .
eso1013 — Science Release
Explained :
Why many surveys of distant galaxies miss 90 % of their targets
Astronomers have long known that in many surveys of the very distant Universe , a large fraction of the total intrinsic light was not being observed .
Now , thanks to an extremely deep survey using two of the four giant 8.2 - metre telescopes that make up ESO ’s Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) and a unique custom - built filter , astronomers have determined that a large fraction of galaxies whose light took 10 billion years to reach us have gone undiscovered .
The survey also helped uncover some of the faintest galaxies ever found at this early stage of the Universe .
Astronomers frequently use the strong , characteristic “ fingerprint ” of light emitted by hydrogen known as the Lyman - alpha line , to probe the amount of stars formed in the very distant Universe [ 1 ] .
Yet there have long been suspicions that many distant galaxies go unnoticed in these surveys .
A new VLT survey demonstrates for the first time that this is exactly what is happening .
Most of the Lyman - alpha light is trapped within the galaxy that emits it , and 90 % of galaxies do not show up in Lyman - alpha surveys .
“ Astronomers always knew they were missing some fraction of the galaxies in Lyman - alpha surveys , ” explains Matthew Hayes , the lead author of the paper , published this week in Nature , “ but for the first time we now have a measurement .
The number of missed galaxies is substantial . ”
To figure out how much of the total luminosity was missed , Hayes and his team used the FORS camera at the VLT and a custom - built narrowband filter [ 2 ] to measure this Lyman - alpha light , following the methodology of standard Lyman - alpha surveys .
Then , using the new HAWK - I camera , attached to another VLT Unit Telescope , they surveyed the same area of space for light emitted at a different wavelength , also by glowing hydrogen , and known as the H - alpha line .
They specifically looked at galaxies whose light has been travelling for 10 billion years ( redshift 2.2 [ 3 ] ) , in a well - studied area of the sky , known as the GOODS - South field .
“ This is the first time we have observed a patch of the sky so deeply in light coming from hydrogen at these two very specific wavelengths , and this proved crucial , ” says team member Göran Östlin .
The survey was extremely deep , and uncovered some of the faintest galaxies known at this early epoch in the life of the Universe .
The astronomers could thereby conclude that traditional surveys done using Lyman - alpha only see a tiny part of the total light that is produced , since most of the Lyman - alpha photons are destroyed by interaction with the interstellar clouds of gas and dust .
This effect is dramatically more significant for Lyman - alpha than for H - alpha light .
As a result , many galaxies , a proportion as high as 90 % , go unseen by these surveys .
“ If there are ten galaxies seen , there could be a hundred there , ” Hayes says .
Different observational methods , targeting the light emitted at different wavelengths , will always lead to a view of the Universe that is only partially complete .
The results of this survey issue a stark warning for cosmologists , as the strong Lyman - alpha signature becomes increasingly relied upon in examining the very first galaxies to form in the history of the Universe .
“ Now that we know how much light we ’ve been missing , we can start to create far more accurate representations of the cosmos , understanding better how quickly stars have formed at different times in the life of the Universe , ” says co-author Miguel Mas -Hesse .
The breakthrough was made possible thanks to the unique camera used .
HAWK -I , which saw first light in 2007 , is a state - of - the - art instrument .
“ There are only a few other cameras with a wider field of view than HAWK - I , and they are on telescopes less than half the size of the VLT .
So only VLT / HAWK - I , really , is capable of efficiently finding galaxies this faint at these distances , ” says team member Daniel Schaerer .
Notes
[ 1 ] Lyman - alpha light corresponds to light emitted by excited hydrogen ( more specifically , when the electron around the nucleus jumps from the first excited level to the fundamental , or ground , level ) .
This light is emitted in the ultraviolet , at 121.6 nm .
The Lyman - alpha line is the first in the so - called Lyman series , named after its discoverer , Theodore Lyman .
The Balmer series , named after Johann Balmer , also corresponds to light emitted by excited hydrogen .
In this case , the electron falls into the first excited level .
The first line in this series is the H - alpha line , emitted at 656.3 nm .
As most hydrogen atoms present in a galaxy are in the ground level , Lyman - alpha light is more efficiently absorbed than H - alpha light , which requires atoms having an electron in the second level .
As this is very uncommon in the cold interstellar hydrogen permeating galaxies , the gas is almost perfectly transparent to H - alpha light .
[ 2 ]
A narrowband filter is an optical filter designed to let pass only a narrow bandwidth of light , centred on a specific wavelength .
Traditional narrowband filters include those centred on the lines of the Balmer series , such as H - alpha .
[ 3 ]
Because the Universe expands , the light of a distant object is redshifted by an amount depending on its distance .
This means its light is moved towards longer wavelengths .
A redshift of 2.2 — corresponding to galaxies whose light has taken approximately 10 billion years to reach us — means that the light is stretched by a factor 3.2 .
Thus the Lyman–alpha light is now seen at about 390 nm , near the visible domain , and can be observed with the FORS instrument on ESO ’s VLT , while the H - alpha line is moved towards 2.1 microns , in the near - infrared .
It can thus be observed with the HAWK - I instrument on the VLT .
More information
This research was presented in a paper to appear in Nature ( “ Escape of about five per cent of Lyman - a photons from high - redshift star - forming galaxies ” , by M. Hayes et al . ) .
The team is composed of Matthew Hayes , Daniel Schaerer , and Stéphane de Barros ( Observatoire Astronomique de l'Université de Genève , Switzerland ) , Göran Östlin and Jens Melinder ( Stockholm University , Sweden ) , J. Miguel Mas-Hesse ( CSIC - INTA , Madrid , Spain ) , Claus Leitherer ( Space Telescope Science Institute , Baltimore , USA ) , Hakim Atek and Daniel Kunth ( Institut d'Astrophysique de Paris , France ) , and Anne Verhamme ( Oxford Astrophysics , U.K. ) .
ESO , the European Southern Observatory , is the foremost intergovernmental astronomy organisation in Europe and the world ’s most productive astronomical observatory .
It is supported by 14 countries : Austria , Belgium , the Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Finland , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland and the United Kingdom .
ESO carries out an ambitious programme focused on the design , construction and operation of powerful ground - based observing facilities enabling astronomers to make important scientific discoveries .
ESO also plays a leading role in promoting and organising cooperation in astronomical research .
ESO operates three unique world - class observing sites in Chile : La Silla , Paranal and Chajnantor .
At Paranal , ESO operates the Very Large Telescope , the world ’s most advanced visible - light astronomical observatory and VISTA , the world ’s largest survey telescope .
ESO is the European partner of a revolutionary astronomical telescope ALMA , the largest astronomical project in existence .
ESO is currently planning a 42 - metre European Extremely Large optical / near - infrared Telescope , the E - ELT , which will become “ the world ’s biggest eye on the sky ” .
Links
Contacts
Matt Hayes
Observatory of Geneva , Switzerland
Tel : +41 22 379 24 32
Cell : +41 76 243 13 55
Email : matthew.hayes@unige.ch
Miguel Mas-Hesse
Centro de Astrobiologia ( CSIC - INTA ) , Spain
Tel : +34 91 813 1196/1161
Cell : +34 615145651
Email : mm@cab.inta-csic.es
Göran Östlin
Department of Astronomy
Stockholm University , Sweden
Tel : +46 8 55 37 85 13
Email : ostlin@astro.su.se
Henri Boffin
VLT Press Officer
ESO , Garching , Germany
Tel : +49 89 3200 6222
Cell : +49 174 515 43 24
Email : hboffin@eso.org
Connect with ESO on social media
BUT as my appetizer of baked chèvre arrived , I reminded myself that even some of the top- ranking Cathar holy men , known as “ pure ones ” or “ Perfects , ” were not entirely immune to Languedoc ’s less spiritual attractions .
The historian René Weis records how two Cathar sages called the Authié brothers had a fondness for exotic spices , as well as fish terrines , local cheeses , honeys and “ good wine . ”
One of their hosts , concealing the brothers in his home from the Inquisition , set up to hunt down and purge the remaining Cathars , went forth “ in search of a better and more renowned wine than the one he kept in his own residence , ” at considerable personal risk .
This was still the Mediterranean , after all .
Today , you could never accuse the good people of Languedoc of hiding their heretic heritage .
“ You are in Cathar Country ” proudly blares a sign on the busy highway from Avignon , followed by concrete statues of Cathar knights .
The romantic castles , superbly positioned on mountain peaks that can now be reached by car , have almost all been lovingly salvaged and adorned with lavish visitor centers , daily re-enactments of medieval life and light - and - sound shows .
There is a roughly 150 - mile hiking trail that links the key sites , called the Cathar Way , and another following the routes that fleeing heretics took through the backcountry .
I realized that there was more to this than just bringing in tourist euros when I saw a series of graphic novels for kids called “ I Am Cathar ! ”
While the theological basis of their fight is alien to most of us today , the Cathars maintain a heroic aura for holding out as long as they did against overwhelming odds .
For over a century after the official defeat , the survivors behaved like resistance fighters against the Inquisition , hiding out in the countryside and smuggling Cathar holy men from barn to barn .
And quite apart from their underdog appeal , there is something compelling about their self - denial , which often led Cathars to choose being burned at the stake rather than renounce their faith .
In the words of the French historian Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie , Cartharism is like a dead star , which , after an eclipse of many centuries , again gives off “ a cold and fascinating light ... ”
My plan was to take a weeklong road trip through Languedoc toward the rugged border with Spain , to get to the heart of this medieval epic .
Unfortunately , my chances of imagining the historical drama seemed remote at my first stop , the town of Carcassonne , the famous gateway to Cathar Country , which manages to be both wildly spectacular and hopelessly cheesy .
The first vision of its fairy tale fortress , La Cité , takes your breath away :
Its enormous double ramparts , hovering on a hillside above the town , have 52 towers , each one crowned with fantastical “ witch hat ” turrets .
These were actually added during Carcassonne ’s restoration in the 19th - century Gothic revival , but the effect is magical  from a distance .
The down side to all this splendor strikes you when you enter the imposing fortress on foot , having parked your car in the vast lot or the Ville Basse , the Lower Town , where almost all of the 45,000 inhabitants live today .
Carcassonne is now one of Europe ’s most popular tourist sites , and a tide of visitors is continuously pressing over the drawbridge into La Cité ’s only entrance , then squeezing into the even narrower Rue Cros Mayrevieille , where rows of souvenir shops sell Lord of the Rings daggers , wooden halberds and plastic helmets , like an endless Gothic Halloween store .
Still elbowing through the crowds past a torture museum and haunted house , I started to feel like I was in Duloc , the “ perfect ” medieval town of “ Shrek . ”
Map Description :
This is Gatelulls , the first fortress I ever managed to play to death without boredom or lag taking its toll .
A siege four seasons ago of 30 - odd goblins took its population from 110 of healthy mind and body , to 90 .
Then the goblins returned two seasons later , their numbers doubled and sporting a small group of Trollish immigrants ; gem setters , armorers , woodcutters , my dwarves bravely hacked them to pieces ...
But during the fight , the emergency flooding lever was pulled !
Now , a mere 50 of us remain trapped underground ; a massive army of 90 goblins , trolls , and a squad of cavalry - goblins led by one riding a giant llama - titan has mopped up the two brave souls left outside to make sure the flooding of the main shaft has gone according to plan .
Gatelulls ; Gone , but never forgotten .
At least by me .
There are 2 comments for this map series , last post 2010 - 09-06
Since August 2015 , you must be signed in to add points of interest .
Comments
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
OXFORD , MS – The American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit today against a Mississippi High School that has canceled prom rather than let a lesbian high school student attend the prom with her girlfriend and wear a tuxedo to the event .
In papers filed with the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi , the ACLU asks the court to reinstate the prom for all students at the school and charges Itawamba County School District officials are violating Constance McMillen ’s First Amendment right to freedom of expression .
“ All I wanted was the same chance to enjoy my prom night like any other student .
But my school would rather hurt all the students than treat everyone fairly , ” said McMillen , an 18 - year - old senior at Itawamba Agricultural High School in Fulton , Mississippi .
“ This is n’t just about me and my rights anymore – now I ’m fighting for the right of all the students at my school to have our prom . ”
Today ’s filing comes after Itawamba County School District issued a statement yesterday saying they were canceling prom , following a letter from the ACLU and the Mississippi Safe Schools Coalition demanding that they reverse their decision .
McMillen said that before that happened , school officials had told her that she could not arrive at the prom with her girlfriend , also a student at IAHS , and that they might be thrown out if any other students complained about their presence at the April 2 event .
“ Itawamba school officials are trying to turn Constance into the villain who called the whole thing off , and that just is n’t what happened .
She ’s fighting for everyone to be able to enjoy the prom , ” said Kristy Bennett , Legal Director of the ACLU of Mississippi .
“ The government , and that includes public schools , ca n’t censor someone ’s free expression just because some other person might not like it . ”
In today ’s legal complaint , the ACLU asks the court to reinstate the prom for all students and charges that the First Amendment guarantees students ’ right to bring same - sex dates to school dances and cites cases holding that other parties ’ objections do n’t justify censorship .
The ACLU also said that the school further violates McMillen ’s free expression rights by telling her that she can’t wear a tuxedo to the prom .
“ It ’s shameful and cowardly of the school district to have canceled the prom and to try to blame Constance , who ’s only standing up for herself .
We will fight tooth and nail for the prom to be reinstated for all students , ” said Christine P. Sun , Senior Counsel with the ACLU national LGBT Project , who represents McMillen along with the ACLU of Mississippi .
The ACLU will ask the court in the next few days to grant McMillen a preliminary injunction ordering the school to reinstate the April 2 prom , let McMillen and her girlfriend go to the prom together , and let McMillen wear a tuxedo to the event .
McMillen is represented by Bennett and Sun , as well as by Norman C. Simon and Joshua Glick of Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP .
The case name is Constance McMillen v. Itawamba County School District , et al .
Also named as defendants are Superintendent Teresa McNeece and Itawamba Agricultural High School Principal Trae Wiygul and Vice Principal Rick Mitchell .
Additional information , including a copy of today ’s legal complaint , is available at https://www.aclu.org/lgbt-rights/fulton-ms-prom-discrimination.
There is also a Facebook group for people who want to support McMillen , “ Let Constance Take Her Girlfriend to Prom , ” at http://www.facebook.com/pages/Let-Constance-Take-Her-Girlfriend-to-Prom/357686784817.
Big Bishop Says Kids Are “ Spontaneously ” Gay
Brazilian archbishop Dadeus Grings came under fire Wednesday for saying children are “ spontaneously homosexual ” and society at large is pedophilic , after allegedly making the comments to a reporter after a press conference .
“ We know that the adolescent is spontaneously homosexual , ” Grings said .
“ Boys play with boys , girls play with girls .
If there is no proper guidance , this sticks .
The question is — how are we going to educate our children to use a sexuality that is human and suitable ? ”
Grings is the archbishop of the Porto Alegre diocese , one of the largest in Brazil , and serves as the chancellor of the Catholic University of Rio Grande do Sul .
Grings told O Globo , a Brazilian newspaper , that society ’s woes are reflected in the Roman Catholic Church ’s sexual abuse scandal .
“ Society today is [ pedophilic ] , that is the problem .
So , people easily fall into it .
And the fact it is denounced is a good sign , ” he said in the newspaper , according to the Associated Press .
Grings denounced the abuse within the church but said internal punishment of guilty priests would suffice , noting police should not be involved .
Regarding gay rights , Grings also said , “ When we begin to say they have rights , rights to demonstrate publicly , pretty soon , we ’ll find the rights of pedophiles . ”
The spokesman for the National Conference of Brazilian Bishops would not confirm or elaborate on the statements .
Last year Grings told a magazine , “ More Catholics than Jews died in the Holocaust , but this is n’t known because the Jews control the world ’s media . ”
Many PC problems can be very frustrating to find and fix Microsoft has launched " Fix It " software that keeps an eye on a PC and automatically repairs common faults .
The software basically adds the automatic diagnostics system in Windows 7 to older versions of Microsoft 's operating system .
The software , currently available as a trial or beta version , is intended for users of Windows XP and Vista .
The package also tries to anticipate how security updates will affect a PC before they are installed .
Bug watch
Once installed , the software gets updates about known issues with Windows or any connected devices , and regularly checks to see if a host machine has fallen victim .
Once fixes become available it will tell users they are ready or attempt to apply them .
The software has onboard fixes for about 300 of the most widely encountered problems that stop Windows working as it should .
The software also maintains a list of the hardware and software on a machine so if the automatic fix does not solve a problem , it will be able to help users supply detailed information to Microsoft 's support staff about what has gone wrong .
Those signing up and downloading the Fix It software can use it on several different machines .
The free software can be downloaded from Microsoft 's support pages .
Windows XP users wanting to use it must have Service Pack 3 for the operating system installed .
The Fix
It service began in late 2008 , when Microsoft began using the logo to highlight automatic fixes on its support pages that dealt with very common problems .
Anyone clicking on the logo kicked off a download that tried to fix that problem automatically .
Microsoft , like many other software firms , has built a vast database of faults and problems as technology built into Windows reports back about crashes and other bugs that machines encounter .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hawaii's Story by Hawaii's Queen by Liliuokalani , Queen of Hawaii ( 1838 -1917 ) .
Boston : Lee and Shepard , 1898 .
HAWAII'S STORY
BY
HAWAII'S QUEEN
BY
LILIUOKALANI
1898
HER MAJESTY , QUEEN LILIUOKALANI
HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS THE PRINCE CONSORT , JOHN OWEN DOMINIS
CONTENTS
LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS
HAWAII'S STORY
CHAPTER I
A SKETCH OF MY CHILDHOOD
THE extinct crater or mountain which forms the background to the city of Honolulu is known as the Punch - Bowl ; at its base is situated the Queen 's Hospital , so named because of the great interest taken in its erection by Emma , the queen of Kamehameha IV .
Funds for the cause were solicited by the reigning sovereigns in person , and the hospital building was completed in 1860 .
Very near to its site , on Sept. 2 , 1838 , I was born .
My father 's name was Kapaakea , and my mother was Keohokalole ; the latter was one of the fifteen counsellors of the king , Kamehameha III . , who in 1840 gave the first written constitution to the Hawaiian people .
My great - grandfather , Keawe - a- Heulu , the founder of the dynasty of the Kamehamehas , the Keoua , father of Kamehameha I. , were own cousins ( he was also brother of Mrs. Bishop 's ancestress , Hakau ) , and my great - grandaunt was the celebrated Queen Kapiolani , one of the first converts to Christianity .
She plucked the sacred berries from the borders of the volcano , descended to the boiling lava , and there , while singing Christian hymns , threw them into the lake of fire .
This was the act which broke forever the power of Pele , the fire - goddess , over the hearts of her people .
Those interested in genealogies are referred to the tables at the close of this volume , which show the descent of our family from the highest chiefs of ancient days .
It has often happened in the history of nations that the most eminent men have won the crown , and then , instead of ascending the throne , have placed the executive office in the hands of another .
Kamehameha I. was , indeed , the founder of Hawaiian unity , and worthy of the surname of the Great ; but it is truthfully recorded in the early histories of the Islands , – those written by such men as Mr. Pogue , Mr. Dibble , and others , – that he owed his selection for the monarchy to the chiefs from whom the latest reigning family , my own , is descended .
This indebtedness was fully recognized during the life of that monarch .
Naihe , the husband of Kapiolani , was the great orator of the king 's reign ; his father , Keawe - a - Heulu , was chief counsellor to Kamehameha I. ; while had it not been for the aid of the two chiefs , Keeaumoku and Kameeiamoku , cousins of the chief counsellor , the Hawaiian Islands must have remained for a long time , if not until this day , in a state of anarchy .
My grandfather , Aikanaka , had charge of the guns of the fort on Punch - Bowl Hill , which had been brought from the larger island of Hawaii ; as the chiefs , their families , and followers had settled here from the time of the final battle , when all the forces contending against Kamehameha I. were driven over the Pali .
For the purpose of enhancing the value of their own mission , it has been at times asserted by foreigners that the abundance of the chief was procured by the poverty of his followers .
To any person at all familiar , either by experience or from trustworthy tradition , with the daily life of the Hawaiian people fifty years also , nothing could be more incorrect than such assumption .
The chief whose retainers were in any poverty or want would have felt , not only their sufferings , but , further , his own disgrace .
As was then customary with the Hawaiian chiefs , my father was surrounded by hundreds of his own people , all of whom looked to him , and never in vain , for sustenance .
He lived in a large grass house surrounded by smaller ones , which were the homes of those the most closely connected with his service .
There was food enough and to spare for every one .
And this was equally true of all his people , however distant from his personal care .
For the chief always appointed some man of ability as his agent or overseer .
This officer apportioned the lands to each Hawaiian , and on these allotments were raised the taro , the potatoes , the pigs , and the chickens which constituted the living of the family ; even the forests , which furnished the material from which was made the tapa cloth , were apportioned to the women in like manner .
It is true that no one of the common people could mortgage or sell his land , but the wisdom of this limitation is abundantly proved by the homeless condition of the Hawaiians at the present day .
Rent , eviction of tenants , as understood in other lands , were unknown ; but each retainer of any chief contributed in the productions of his holding to the support of the chief 's table .
But I was destined to grow up away from the house of my parents .
Immediately after my birth I was wrapped in the finest soft tapa cloth , and taken to the house of another chief , by whom I was adopted .
Konia , my foster - mother , was a granddaughter of Kamehameha I. , and was married to Paki , also a high chief ; their only daughter , Bernice Pauahi , afterwards Mrs. Charles R. Bishop , was therefore my foster - sister .
In speaking of our relationship , I have adopted the term customarily used in the English language , but there was no such modification recognized in my native land .
I knew no other father or mother than my foster - parents , no other sister than Bernice .
I used to climb up on the knees of Paki , put my arms around his neck , kiss him , and he caressed me as a father would his child ; while on the contrary , when I met my own parents , it was with perhaps more of interest , yet always with the demeanor I would have shown to any strangers who noticed me .
My own father and mother had other children , ten in all , the most of them being adopted into other chiefs ' families ; and although I knew that these were my own brothers and sisters , yet we met throughout my younger life as though we had not known our common parentage .
This was , and indeed is , in accordance with Hawaiian customs .
It is not easy to explain its origin to those alien to our national life , but it seems perfectly natural to us .
As intelligible a reason as can be given is that this alliance by adoption cemented the ties of friendship between the chiefs .
It spread to the common people , and it has doubtless fostered a community of interest and harmony .
At the age of four years I was sent to what was then known as the Royal School , because its pupils were exclusively persons whose claims to the throne were acknowledged .
It was founded and conducted by Mr. Amos S. Cooke , who was assisted by his wife .
It was a boarding - school , the pupils being allowed to return to their homes during vacation time , as well as for an occasional Sunday during the term .
The family life was made agreeable to us , and our instructors were especially particular to teach us the proper use of the English language ; but when I recall the instances in which we were sent hungry to bed , it seems to me that they failed to remember that we were growing children .
A thick slice of bread covered with molasses was usually the sole article of our supper , and we were sometimes ingenious , if not over honest , in our search for food : if we could beg something of the cook it was the easier way ; but if not , anything eatable left within our reach was surely confiscated .
As a last resort , we were not above searching the gardens for any esculent root or leaf , which ( having inherited the art of igniting a fire from the friction of sticks ) , we could cook and consume without the knowledge of our preceptors .
I can remember now my emotions on entering this the first school I ever attended .
I can recall that I was carried there on the shoulders of a tall , stout , very large woman , whose name was Kaikai ( she was the sister of Governor Kanoa , and they were of a family of chiefs of inferior rank , living under the control and direction of the higher chiefs ) .
As she put me down at the entrance of the schoolhouse , I shrank from its doors , with that immediate and strange dread of the unknown so common to childhood .
Crying bitterly , I turned to my faithful attendant , clasping her with my arms and clinging closely to her neck .
She tenderly expostulated with me ; and as the children , moved by curiosity to meet the new - comer , crowded about me , I was soon attracted by their friendly faces , and was induced to go into the old courtyard with them .
Then my fears began to vanish , and comforted and consoled , I soon found myself at home amongst my playmates .
Several of the pupils who were at the school with me have subsequently become known in Hawaiian history .
There were four children of Kinau , daughter of Kamehameha I. , the highest in rank of any of the women chiefs of her day ; these were Moses , Lot ( afterwards Kamehameha V. ) , Liholiho ( afterwards Kamehameha IV . ) , and Victoria , of whom I shall soon speak .
Next came Lunalilo , who followed Kamehameha V. as king .
Then came Bernice Pauahi , who married Hon. Charles R. Bishop .
Our family was represented by Kaliokalani , Kalakaua , and myself , two of the three destined to ascend the throne .
Besides these I must mention Emma Rooke , who married one of the Kamehamehas , Peter Kaeo , Jane Loeau , Elizabeth Kaaniau , Abigail Maheha , Mary Paaina , and John Kinau Pitt ; although these were all not there at the same time .
Queen Emma , I remember , did not come in until after I had been at school some years .
We never failed to go to church in a procession every Sunday in charge of our teachers , Mr. and Mrs. Cooke , and occupied seats in the immediate vicinity of the pew where the king was seated .
The custom was for a boy and girl to march side by side ; the lead being taken by the eldest scholars .
Moses and Jane had this distinction , next Lot and Bernice , then Liholiho with Abigail , followed by Lunalilo and Emma ( after the later had joined the school ) , James and Elizabeth , David and Victoria , and so on , John Kinau and I being the last .
With the Princess Victoria , who died on the 29th of May , 1866 , my younger life was connected in the following manner .
When I was taken from my own parents and adopted by Paki and Konia , or about two months thereafter , a child was born to Kinau .
That little babe was the Princess Victoria , two of whose brothers became sovereigns of the Hawaiian people .
While the infant was at its mother 's breast , Kinau always preferred to take me into her arms to nurse , and would hand her own child to the woman attendant who was there for that purpose .
So she frequently declared in the presence of my adopted mother , Konia , that a bond of the closest friendship must always exist between her own baby girl and myself as aikane or foster - children of the same mother , and that all she had would also appertain to me just as if I had been her own child ; and that although in the future I might be her child 's rival , yet whatever would belong to Victoria should be mine .
This insistence on the part of the mother was never forgotten ; it remained in the history of Victoria 's girlhood and mine until her death , although Kinau herself never lived to see her prophetic predictions fulfilled .
Kinau died on the 4th of April , 1839 , not long after the birth of her youngest child , Victoria .
On any occasion where the Princess Victoria was expected to be present I was always included in the invitation , so that whenever Kekauluohi , the sister of Kinau , invited her niece to be with her , I was also summoned to her residence .
This aunt lived in a large stone house called Pohukaina , which stood not more than two hundred feet from the Royal School ; and for our enjoyment she used to prepare all sorts of sweetmeats and delicacies peculiar to the Hawaiians , such as ( to call them by our native names ) kulolo , paipaiee , and koele - palau , with which our childish tastes were delighted .
In 1847 Moses left school , and went to reside with his father .
In 1848 Jane Loeau married a Mr. Jasper .
Abigail Maheha also left about the same time to reside with her aunt , the Princess Kekauonohi , and it was at this date that the epidemic of measles spread through the land ; of those who fell victims to it were Moses Kekuaiwa , William Pitt Leleiohoku , who was a cousin of the Princess Kekauonohi and the first husband of the Princess Ruth ( when later my younger brother was born , and adopted by Ruth , he took the name of her deceased husband ) ; the third of these deaths in the families of the royal children was that of my little sister Kaiminaauao , who had been adopted by Kamehameha III .
and his queen , Kalama .
This sad event made a great impression upon my younger days ; for these relatives and companions of my youth died and were buried on the same day , the coffin of the last - named resting on that of the others .
They were all buried in the royal mausoleum , which then was located where is now the yard of Iolani Palace .
Since the erection of another building up the Nuuanu Valley , their remains have been removed with those of their ancestors .
From the year 1848 the Royal School began to decline in influence ; and within two or three years from that time it was discontinued , the Cooke family entering business with the Castles , forming a mercantile establishment still in existence .
Mr. Cooke and Mr. S. N. Castle were both sent to Honolulu by the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions .
As soon as they had become accustomed to life in the Hawaiian Islands , they severed all connection with the board , entered secular and mercantile pursuits , founding the firm of Castle & Cooke .
This has now become a very wealthy concern ; and although the senior partners are dead , it is still conducted under their name by their descendants or associates .
The sons of Mr. Castle have also been actively interested in the present ( 1893 - 1897 ) government of the Hawaiian Islands .
From the school of Mr. and Mrs. Cooke I was sent to that of Rev. Mr. Beckwith , also one of the American missionaries .
This was a day - school , and with it I was better satisfied than with a boarding - school .
SOME INCIDENTS OF MY YOUTH
I WAS a studious girl ; and the acquisition of knowledge has been a passion with me during my whole life , one which has not lost it charm to the present day .
In this respect I was quite different from my sister Bernice .
She was one of the most beautiful girls I ever saw ; the vision of her loveliness at that time can never be effaced from remembrance ; like a striking picture once seen , it is stamped upon memory 's page forever .
She married in her eighteenth year .
She was betrothed to Prince Lot , a grandchild of Kamehameha the Great ; but when Mr. Charles R. Bishop pressed his suit , my sister smiled on him , and they were married .
It was a happy marriage .
When Mr. and Mrs. Bishop were first married they established their modest home at the termination of the beautiful Nuuanu Valley , directly opposite the tombs of the Hawaiian monarchs .
They then began housekeeping in a small house on Alakea Street , near the site of the present Masonic Temple .
At this time I was still living with Paki and Konia , and the house now standing and known as the Arlington Hotel was being erected by the chief for his residence .
It was completed in 1851 , and occupied by Paki until 1855 , when he died .
Then my sister and her husband moved to that residence , which still remained my home .
It was there that the years of my girlhood were passed , after school - days were over , and the pleasant company we often had in that house will never cease to give interest to the spot .
Mr. Bishop was a popular and hospitable man , and his wife was as good as she was beautiful .
The king , Kamehameha IV . , Alexander Liholiho , would often appear informally at our doors with some of his friends ; the evening would be passed in improvised dances , and the company always grew larger when it became known that we were thus enjoying ourselves ; sometimes we would all adjourn to the house of some friend or neighbor from whom we had reason to expect like hospitality , and the night would be half gone ere we noticed the flight of time .
It was now that the young man who subsequently became my husband first became specially interested in me , and I in him , although we had been very near neighbors during our school - days , and we had seen each other more than once .
A Mr. and Mrs. Johnston , a married couple of rather advanced age , established a day - school for children of both sexes in the house next to that of Mr. Cooke ; their lot was separated from ours by a high fence of adobe , or sun -baked brick .
The boys used to climb the fence on their side for the purpose of looking at the royal children , and amongst these curious urchins was John O. Dominis .
His father was a sea-captain , who had originally come to Honolulu on Cape Horn voyages , and had been interested in trade both in China and in California .
The ancestors of Captain Dominis were from Italy ; but Mrs. Dominis was an American , born at Boston , and was a descendant of one of the early English settlers .
The house known as Washington Place was built by Captain Dominis for a family residence .
As will appear shortly , Mr. Dominis was not my first or only suitor .
My social and political importance would , quite apart from any personal qualities , render my alliance a matter of much solicitude to many .
This is not , however , a subject on which I shall care to say more than is necessary .
On June 13 , 1855 , Paki , my adopted father , died .
Soon after this the betrothal was announced of Alexander Liholiho and Emma Rooke .
Some of those interested in the genealogies of the historic families of the Hawaiian chiefs , on hearing of this intended marriage , went to the king , and begged him to change his mind .
" And why should I ? " asked Liholiho .
" Because , Your Majesty , there is no other chief equal to you in birth and rank but the adopted daughter of Paki . "
The king took offense at this counsel , and dismissed the objectors from his presence .
Emma was descended from a half - brother of Kalaniopuu , the latter being first cousin to Kamehameha the Great .
The royal wedding took place on June 19 , 1856 .
The bridesmaids were Princess Victoria , myself , and Mary Pitman ; the groomsmen were Prince Lot ( afterwards Kamehameha V. ) , Prince William , and my brother , David Kalakaua .
Honolulu was for the time the scene of great festivity .
The ceremony filled the great Kawaiahao church ; and thereafter there were picnics , parties , luaus , and balls without number .
Each of the nations represented on the island , even to the Chinese , gave its own special ball in honor of the wedding .
The king was returning from Moanalua with a large escort , a cavalcade of perhaps two hundred riders of both sexes .
Amongst these was General J. O. Dominis , then a young man on the staff of Prince Lot .
He was riding by my side when an awkward horseman forced his horse between us , and in the confusion Mr. Dominis was thrown from his horse and his leg broken .
He gained the saddle , however , and insisted on accompanying me to my home , where he dismounted , and helped me from my horse .
He then rode home ; but by the time he had reached his own home his leg had become so swollen and painful that he could not dismount without assistance , and for some time , until the bone had become united , was confined to his house .
In the following November I accompanied Konia , my mother , to Hawaii , where she went for her health .
We visited Kona , Kaei , and Kaleakekua Bay , the latter celebrated as the scene of the death of Captain Cook , the discoverer .
The Princess Miriam Likelike ( my own sister ) was there brought up , and was well contented ; but to one accustomed as I was to the bustle of the city and the life of the court , it seemed to be an excessively quiet and dismal place .
After some months spent on Hawaii we went to Lahaina ; there I received a letter from my brother Kalakaua , telling me that he was engaged to the Princess Victoria , and asking me to come to Honolulu .
So , attended by five women , all from the families of high chiefs , I started for that city ; but upon my arrival I found that the engagement was broken , for the Princess Victoria had gone to Wailua , and my brother had heard nothing from her for a fortnight ; so I made preparations to return to Maui , but receiving an invitation to remain for a ball to be given by Prince Lot , I deferred my journey .
At the ball the Princess Victoria appeared with her suite , and it was said was engaged to Prince William .
Be that as it may , we all had a very gay time at the ball , which continued until daybreak .
At two o'clock the day following Prince Lot and Mr. Dominis , with the five ladies of noble birth , attended me to the old schooner Kekauluohi , by which I was to make the passage across the channel .
My retinue was very large , and nearly filled the cabin .
Prince William , who ascended the throne in 1874 under the title of Lunalilo , was the owner of the vessel , and was also at this time on board .
He came to me , and insisted on my taking his cabin ; and when the berth had been emptied of oranges with which I found it filled , his wearing apparel , boots , and other belongings also cleared out , I complied .
He than asked me in the presence of my attendants why we should n't get married .
There was an aged native preacher on board , Pikanele by name , who at once offered to perform the ceremony .
But having heard the prince was engaged to his cousin Victoria , I did not consider it right to marry him on the impulse of the moment .
When we arrived at Lahaina he escorted me to my home , there repeating his offer ; and I took the matter into serious consideration , agreeing to write to him .
He joined his father at Kona ; and to that place I directed my letter , sending it by the schooner Kamamalu , which also was the Hawaiian name of the princess .
It seemed that she declined to be the bearer of messages to her fickle swain , for the schooner was lost at sea .
In the mean time Victoria Kamamalu had written to Prince William , reminding him of his obligations to her , and asking him to return to Honolulu , which he did , stopping at Lahaina on the way to tell me that , having received no answer from me , he supposed that I had rejected his proposal ; but on my explanation of the matter , he again renewed his offer , and we became engaged .
In May of that year my mother returned with me to Honolulu ; but her health was not permanently improved , and on July 2 , 1857 , she died .
The death of Paki and Konia placed me more yet under the charge of Mr. and Mrs. Bishop , but Prince William claimed that our engagement was in full force .
Mr. Bishop asked the king if he considered it a good match , to which Alexander replied that if I were his daughter he should not approve of it , but that if each of us were pleased , he should not oppose it , but advise us to marry .
But there were certain other incidents which came to the surface ere long which led me to break the engagement .
Neither Prince William Lunalilo nor the Princess Victoria was ever married .
KAMEHAMEHA IV
ALEXANDER LIHOLIHO , known to history as Kamehameha IV . , had all the characteristics of his race ; and the strong , passionate nature of the Kamehamehas is shown in his benevolent as in his less commendable acts .
To him was due the introduction of the Anglican Mission .
He personally translated the English Prayer - Book into our language .
He also founded the Queen 's Hospital , as has already been noticed ; and both the foreign and domestic affairs of his government were ably administered .
Hon. R. C. Wylie continued as his Minister of Foreign Affairs throughout his reign .
In 1859 , or just prior to my engagement to Mr. Dominis , a pleasant party was made up in Honolulu for an excursion to the other islands , on which I went , being , as indeed I always was at this time , under the special charge of Mrs. Bishop .
We visited the volcano on Hawaii , and descended to the city of Hilo , on whose beautiful bay was then lying the United States ship Levant .
At this place we were joined by the king with his party ; and having many most agreeable acquaintances amongst the naval officers , the time sped quickly in social pleasures .
We lived in a large grass house , one side of which was occupied by the ladies and the other by the gentlemen , while the centre was a room used for banquet - hall or ballroom , besides answering the purpose of separating the two lateral apartments so widely that no conversation could be heard from one to the other .
When any of the royal party had occasion to go from one place to another , we were drawn in carriages of native construction , the people themselves furnishing the power usually supplied by horses .
Sometimes we were stuck in some mud -hole or water - course , from which the most determined efforts of our devoted followers could not extricate us ; and it was then necessary to have a horse led to the side of the vehicle to take us off on horseback .
But we were light - hearted , merry , and happy ; the naval officers were perfect gentlemen , and gallant in their attentions .
The king enjoyed the pleasures to which his presence and that of others of the royal line gave a great charm .
He even mischievously prevented us from taking an affectionate adieu of our friends aboard the Levant by suddenly signalling that we were to be at once on board of the Kilauea ; and that steamer started without as much as a " By your leave , sir , " to the naval commander .
At Lahaina the whole party left the ship , and at that port was further increased by the accession of the king 's friends and retainers .
The next trip ( 1860 ) proposed by His Majesty was to the extinct volcano of Healeala , and orders were given that we should all go in boats from Lahaina to Wailuku .
It was a beautiful sight ; the waters were calm , each boat was ornamented with the Hawaiian flag , the royal standard fluttered from that of the king , and as we coasted along the shores , we could see the people on the land following our course and interested in our progress ; there were , I think , twelve boats in all .
We arrived without accident , ascended the mountain , and passed a night on the border of the crater .
We had our tents , and there was shelter in the caves and crevices for the remainder of the party .
All passed off gayly .
There was little sleep , however , some of us being afflicted with asthmatic attacks which the excessive rarity of the air at that altitude made very severe .
Such was my portion ; but as I sat up , not daring to lie down lest I might lose my breath , I could hear the merry sounds of the singing and dancing which from one tent or another was going on around me .
The first halt in our enjoyment was when word was received that the little Prince of Hawaii , then but a little more than a year old , was ill .
The king was deaf to the entreaties of the queen to be allowed to go directly to her child , because he thought it would delay his own departure and arrival at the bedside of his boy .
Fortunately the illness passed away without serious consequences ; yet it seemed the first break in our festivities , and was followed by an event of a most tragical nature .
We descended the mountain and returned to Lahaina , where I , accompanied by Mrs. Bishop , left them , and went back to Honolulu .
The first news we received was that the king in a fit of passion had shot and mortally wounded one of the party , his own secretary , Mr. H. A. Neilson .
After the occurrence all that the tenderest of brothers could have done was proffered by the king to the wounded man ; but after lingering for some months , Mr. Neilson died .
No legal notice of the event was in any way taken ; no person would have been foolhardy enough to propose it .
It is not my purpose to defend the right of the king to this execution of summary vengeance , especially as it was done in a moment of anger ; yet beyond the sadness of the act , it has a certain bearing on this sketch of my life as one of the descendants from the ruling families of Hawaii .
There were causes which were apparent to any of our people for something very like righteous anger on the part of the king .
His Majesty was trying to make us each and all happy ; yet even during moments of relaxation , undue familiarity , absence of etiquette , rudeness , or any other form which implied or suggested disrespect to royalty in any manner whatsoever , would never be tolerated by any one of the native chiefs of the Hawaiian people .
To allow any such breach of good manners to pass unnoticed would be looked upon by his own retainers as belittling to him , and they would be the first to demand the punishment of the offender .
It was in this case far too severe .
No one realized that more than the king himself , who suffered much distress for his victim , and was with difficulty dissuaded from the abdication of his throne .
The temper of the Kamehamehas had descended to the young prince , and was also the cause of his death .
For when the child was about four years old , he became dissatisfied with a pair of boots , and burst into an ungovernable fit of passion .
His father sought to cool him off by putting the boy under an open faucet of cold , running water .
The little one appeared to be unharmed , but later in the day broke down with nervous weeping , and could not be comforted .
Then it was discovered that the cold douche and shock had brought on an attack of brain fever .
From this he did not recover , but died on the 27th of August , 1862 .
The king and queen had the sympathy of all parties in their bereavement ; but Kamehameha IV .
completely lost his interest in public life , living in the utmost possible retirement until his death .
It may be in place here to notice the opening of the reign of Kamehameha IV .'s successor .
It has already been seen that the right of life and death was unchallenged ; that whatever it may be in other countries , as late as an epoch thirty years in the past it belonged to the highest chief of the Hawaiian people .
In like manner it may be said that the whole people owed its national life to the throne .
The first constitution was given to the realm in 1840 , and was a voluntary act on the part of the king , Kamehameha III .
The second succeeded it in 1852 .
Both of these were doubtless drafted under the supervision and advice of the missionaries , of whom , even at the latter date , the Hawaiian nation was beginning to feel a little justifiable jealousy .
So when Prince Lot came to the throne in 1863 , under the title of Kamehameha V. , his first official act was to refuse to take the oath to maintain the existing constitution .
His success as Minister of the Interior under his brother had been remarkable , and his character was said to resemble that of Kamehameha the Great ; it is presumable , therefore , that he understood the needs of his people better than those of foreign birth and alien affinities .
In the month of May , 1864 , the king issued a call for a constitutional convention , subsequently making a tour of the islands to explain his plans to the electors .
In July of that year the convention assembled in Honolulu ; but its time being given to what Kamehameha considered useless deliberations instead of business , on Aug. 13 he declared the convention dissolved , dismissed the delegates , publicly abrogated the constitution of 1852 , and one week after that date he proclaimed a new constitution of his own devising , under which Hawaii was happily ruled for twenty - three years .
There will be no disputing the fact that this was a period of increasing prosperity ; yet until the late King Kalakaua was constrained by the foreign element to abrogate this constitution ( which my brother did much against his own will and better judgment in 1887 ) , all parties had lived together in harmony throughout the kingdom of the Hawaiian Islands , under a constitution devised and promulgated by one man , and he of the race of the Hawaiian chiefs .
I hope this fact will be recalled when I come to speak of the history of the reign of my brother Kalakaua , and my own administration of public affairs .
Let it be repeated : the promulgation of a new constitution , adapted to the needs of the times and the demands of the people , has been an indisputable prerogative of the Hawaiian monarchy .
MY MARRIED LIFE
I WAS engaged to Mr. Dominis for about two years ; and it was our intention to be married on the second day of September , 1862 .
But by reason of the fact that the court was in affliction and mourning , our wedding was delayed at the request of the king , Kamehameha IV . , to the sixteenth of that month ; Rev. Dr. Damon , father of Mr. S. M. Damon , at present the leading banker of the Islands , being the officiating clergyman .
It was celebrated at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Bishop , in the house which had been erected by my father , Paki , and which , known as the Arlington Hotel , is still one of the most beautiful and central of the mansions in Honolulu .
To it came all the high chiefs then living there , also the foreign residents ; in fact , all the best society of the city .
My husband took me at once to the estate known as Washington Place , which had been built by his father , and which is still my private residence .
It is a large , square , white house , with pillars and porticos on all sides , really a palatial dwelling , as comfortable in its appointments as it is inviting in its aspect ; its front is distant from the street far enough to avoid the dust and noise .
Trees shade its walls from the heat of noonday ; its ample gardens are filled with the choicest flowers and shrubs ; it is , in fact , just what it appears , a choice tropical retreat in the midst of the chief city of the Hawaiian Islands .
Opposite its doors is the edifice , recently erected , known as the Central Union Church , which is attended by the missionary families , and indeed most of the foreign residents of American birth or sympathies .
WASHINGTON PLACE
THE PRIVATE RESIDENCE OF THE QUEEN , FORMERLY THE HOME OF GENERAL JOHN OWEN DOMINIS , THE PRINCE CONSORT
Captain Dominis , father of my husband , had but little enjoyment from the homestead he had planned .
He last sailed from the port in 1846 , just as the house was on the point of completion , and the ship he commanded was never heard of more .
His widow expected , hoped , and prayed , but no tidings of his fate were ever received ; slowly she was compelled to recognize the truth so many sailors ' wives are constantly learning , and to hope long deferred succeeded grief for irreparable loss .
For this reason she clung with tenacity to the affection and constant attentions of her son , and no man could be more devoted than was General Dominis to his mother .
He was really an only child , although there had been two daughters older ; but while he was an infant they both died in the United States , where they had been left to gain their education .
Mrs. Dominis was a native of Boston .
As she felt that no one should step between her and her child , naturally I , as her son's wife , was considered an intruder ; and I was forced to realize this from the beginning .
My husband was extremely kind and considerate to me , yet he would not swerve to the one side or to the other in any matter where there was danger of hurting his mother 's feelings .
I respected the closeness of the tie between mother and son , and conformed my own ideas , so far as I could , to encourage and assist my husband in his devotion to his mother .
Later in life Mrs. Dominis seemed to fully realize that there had been some self - sacrifice , and she became more and more a tender and affectionate mother to me as her days were drawing to a close .
Soon after our marriage , Prince Lot invited my husband and myself , with Mr. and Mrs. Robert Davis , who were married about the same time , to accompany him on a trip to Hawaii , the largest island of the group , from which its name is taken .
We accepted , and it became really my bridal tour .
Prince Lot 's accession to the throne as Kamehameha V. was then very near .
Invitations were also extended to Mr. and Mrs. John Sumner , Mr. Haalelea , another member , like my husband , of the staff of His Royal Highness , and a few other friends of the royal party .
It was a most enjoyable trip ; we were gone many weeks , but the time passed away most delightfully .
As there are no hotels in our islands , a few words as to the entertainment of the chiefs , with such guests as they might have with them , may not be out of place here .
I have always said that under our own system in former days there was always plenty for prince or for people .
The latter were not paid in money , nor were they taxed in purse .
The chief , by the overseer he appointed , took proper care of their needs , and they in turn contributed to the support of his table .
It was a repetition of the principle of family life by extending the same over a large number of retainers .
So on the estates of the high chiefs who generally resided at Honolulu were built houses which were sacred to their residence , exclusively devoted to such occasions as the present , when they might choose to visit their people .
Prince Lot had his houses and lands in Hawaii and elsewhere .
It was to these we went .
His people welcomed our presence ; and no matter how protracted our stay , Hawaiian hospitality , or love and loyalty , whichever it may please the reader to call it , was never exhausted .
It was the same with all the chiefs of the ancient families , with Mrs. Bishop , for example , who would have found a home on any part of her landed estate ; nor has the custom altogether passed away by the many changes which have been wrought through the hands of the foreigner in the Hawaiian Islands .
Were any person of the blood of the chiefs , myself for example , to visit Hawaii to - day , scarcely would the knowledge that we had reached the port of Hilo get to the ears of our people when a house would be provided for our occupancy , food would be brought to our doors , and we would be made welcome amongst our people for weeks , months , indeed years , if we chose to continue our residence .
On this visit to Hilo ( 1862 ) occurred the first chapter of an interesting history of which the sequel was the nomination of a younger brother of mine to the throne , although he did not live to enter upon his reign .
One of the retainers of the Princess Ruth was in our company , and it was near the time of that lady 's confinement .
As Kalaikuaiwa , one of her people , was about to return to the neighboring island of Oahu , she inquired of Prince Lot what message she could carry back to Honolulu , to be delivered to Princess Ruth in regard to the little stranger about to enter this world .
The prince , in reply , told the attendant to charge his sister from him on no account to give the coming child away , to which that messenger responded that it had been already promised to Mrs. Pauahi Bishop , her cousin .
The prince repeated his injunction with still more emphasis , saying , " You must go back and tell my sister that on no account is she to give that child to another .
I am an adopted child myself , deprived of the love of my mother , and yet I was a stranger in the house of my adoption . "
He referred to his own and Lunalilo 's grandfather , Hoapilikane .
The prince made no further explanations , save to impress it upon the messenger that such must be the message delivered ; and as we started for our trip around the great island of Hawaii , the attendant left for her mistress 's houses and home in Honolulu .
I may anticipate a little in order to continue the thread of this story .
When our tour was over , and we returned to Honolulu , the first day of our arrival was a day of rest ; but on the succeeding day , possibly a little later , Prince Lot , Queen Emma , Mrs. Bishop , and perhaps some others , were summoned to be present at the birth of the child of the Princess Ruth .
The babe was born that afternoon at about three o'clock , in the house called Halaniani , on the veranda of which the prince waited for tidings of the mother and child for hours .
Finally , at half - past five , Queen Emma appeared , and addressing the prince , asked him if he had heard from his sister , to which he replied that he had not .
She expressed much surprise , and told him that the newly born infant had been taken away as her own by Mrs. Bishop over an hour ago .
This intelligence was extremely unpleasant to the prince , and he at once declared that he would never have anything to do with that child .
He carried his purpose into immediate execution by insisting within a week from that time that his sister Ruth should legally adopt as her own my brother Leleiohoku , whom she had taken from his parents at birth .
He then made out two instruments of adoption for his sister to sign .
By one she gave her child to Mrs. Bishop irrevocably , cutting it off from all interest in her property , and by the other she adopted as her child and heir , William Pitt Leleiohoku , the second of that name .
All the papers were carefully drawn up by the prince , and everything connected with the adoption was made complete , so that in no event could the legality of my brother 's position be doubted .
The innocent cause of this disturbance , the child thus adopted by Mrs. Bishop and named Keolaokalani , died in about six months ; my brother lived to be named heir apparent , and indeed to fill the office of regent during the absence of Kalakaua .
After making the tour of Hawaii , Prince Lot , accompanied by his guests , returned as far as the island of Maui , where it is possible we might have remained longer had it not been for the illness of his brother , the reigning king .
Having been notified that this was approaching a fatal termination , and that his presence was required at the capital , His Royal Highness returned at once to Honolulu , where Alexander , Kamehameha IV . , died on Nov. 30 , 1863 , after a reign of nine years , and being at the time of his death still a young man of twenty - nine .
His widow , Queen Emma , although once a candidate for the throne , was never again in public life .
She went abroad , however , in 1865 , being received in England in a manner becoming her rank .
She returned to Honolulu in 1866 on the United States ship Vanderbilt , commanded by Admiral Henry Knox
Thatcher , only to learn at once of a new affliction in the death of her adopted mother , Mrs. T. C. B. Rooke .
On the accession to the throne of Prince Lot as Kamehameha V. , the last of the Hawaiian monarchs to bear that name , my husband was at once appointed his private secretary and confidential adviser , which position he occupied during the entire reign .
The king was surrounded by his own people , with whom he was in perfect accord , but showed this mark of royal favor to my husband simply because he preferred to advise with him on matters of public importance .
My husband was further made governor of the island on which Honolulu is situated ; and although the appointment was nominally for four years , yet it was always renewed , without the least discussion or hesitation , as long as he lived .
It was a part of his official duty to make a tour of the whole island at least once a year ; this was always rendered a most agreeable excursion , and I invariably accompanied him in the journey .
Besides this position he held other offices of importance under the Hawaiian government , being at one time governor of the island of Maui ; commissioner of the administration of the crown lands ; attached to the suite of my brother , the late King Kalakaua , on his visit to this country in 1874 in the interest of reciprocity ; and finally being a member of the Hawaiian embassy which visited this country and Great Britain in 1887 , representing our nation at the Queen 's Jubilee .
But in the fall of 1891 , Governor Dominis , who was then lieutenant - general of the kingdom with the rank of His Royal Highness Prince Consort , was in rapidly failing health ; and on the 27th of August of that year , seven months after my accession to the throne , he died .
His remains were laid in state in the palace ; and on Sunday , Sept. 6 , he was buried with royal honors .
His death occurred at a time when his long experience in public life , his amiable qualities , and his universal popularity , would have made him an adviser to me for whom no substitute could possibly be found .
I have often said that it pleased the Almighty Ruler of nations to take him away from me at precisely the time when I felt that I most needed his counsel and companionship .
HAWAIIAN MUSIC , AND A DUCAL GUEST
THE Hawaiian people have been from time immemorial lovers of poetry and music , and have been apt in improvising historic poems , songs of love , and chants of worship , so that praises of the living or wails over the dead were with them but the natural statement of their feelings .
My ancestors were peculiarly gifted in this respect , and yet it is remarkable that there are few if any written compositions of the music of Hawaii excepting those published by me .
In my school - days my facility in reading music at sight was always recognized by my instructors .
At the schools I attended , and of which mention has already been made , there was one boy by my side who could read the airs of new tunes which the teachers were anxious to introduce to the pupils .
His name , I remember , was Willie Andrews .
The untried music was handed to us ; and we sang it by note , the rest of the pupils following by ear until the whole assembly were acquainted with the new music .
After leaving school , my musical education was continued from time to time as opportunity offered , but I scarcely remember the days when it would not have been possible for me to write either the words or the music for any occasion on which poetry or song was needed .
To compose was as natural to me as to breathe ; and this gift of nature , never having been suffered to fall into disuse , remains a source of the greatest consolation to this day .
I have never yet numbered my compositions , but am sure that they must run well up to the hundreds .
Of these not more than a quarter have been printed , but the most popular have been in such demand that several editions have been exhausted .
Hours of which it is not yet in place to speak , which I might have found long and lonely , passed quickly and cheerfully by , occupied and soothed by the statement of my thoughts in music ; and even when I was denied the aid of any instrument I could transcribe to paper the tones of my voice .
In the early years of the reign of Kamehameha V. he brought to my notice the fact that the Hawaiian people had no national air .
Each nation , he said , but ours had its statement of patriotism and love of country in its own music ; but we were using for that purpose on state occasions the time - honored British anthem , " God save the Queen . "
This he desired me to supplant by one of my own composition .
In one week 's time I notified the king that I had completed my task .
The Princess Victoria had been the leader of the choir of the Kawaiahao church ; but upon her death , May 29 , 1866 I assumed the leadership .
It was in this building and by that choir that I first introduced the " Hawaiian National Anthem . "
The king was present for the purpose of criticising my new composition of both words and music , and was liberal in his commendations to me on my success .
He admired not only the beauty of the music , but spoke enthusiastically of the appropriate words , so well adapted to the air and to the purpose for which they were written .
This remained in use as our national anthem for some twenty years or more , when my brother composed the words of the Hawaii Ponoi .
He was at the time the reigning king , and gave directions to the master of the band to set these to music .
He , being a German , found some composition from his own country which he deemed appropriate ; and this has been considered of late years our national air .
In the changes of the past few years , the words written by His Majesty Kalakaua have been found no longer adapted to public occasions ; so while the music is still played , such sentiments as " Look to the people " have been substituted for the ancient injunction to " Look to the king . "
In the year 1869 the Duke of Edinburgh , Prince Alfred of England , arrived in the harbor of Honolulu , being in command of Her Britannic Majesty 's ship - of - war Galatea .
As soon as the king learned of the duke 's presence he made special preparations for his reception ; and for his better accommodation on shore he assigned for his use the residence of the late Kekuanaoa , who died in November of the preceding year .
My own mother having died about three months prior to the arrival of the Galatea , I was not taking part in any festivities , being in retirement from society .
But this was considered an exceptional occasion , and the king signified his wish to me that I would not fail to do it honor .
So at his specific request I gave a grand luau at my Waikiki residence , to which were invited all those connected with the government , indeed , all the first families of the city , whether of native or foreign birth .
Major J.H. Wodehouse , so long the ambassador of Great Britain at Honolulu , had just arrived with Mrs. Wodehouse ; and they were of the invited guests , the prince specially inviting them to drive out to my house with him .
I suppose the feast would be styled a breakfast in other lands , for it was to begin at eleven o'clock in the forenoon .
The sailor - prince mounted the driver 's box of the carriage , and taking the reins from that official , showed himself an expert in the management of horses .
All the members of the royal family of England are , I understand , excellent horsemen ; and in doing this the Duke of Edinburgh was only following customs to which he had been trained in his own land .
The Queen Dowager Kalama , widow of Kamehameha III . , drove out to Waikiki in her own carriage of state , accompanied by her adopted son , Kunuiakea , and my sister , Miriam Likelike ; these two being at that time betrothed in marriage , although the latter married Hon.
A. S. Cleghorn , and became the mother of the Princess Kaiulani .
The drivers of these carriages wore the royal feather shoulder - capes , and the footmen were also clad in like royal fashion .
It was considered one of the grandest occasions in the history of those days , and all passed off as becoming the high birth and commanding position of our visitor .
The guests were received with every mark of courtesy by my husband and myself , as well as by His Majesty Kamehameha V. , who was one of the first arrivals .
When the prince entered he was met by two very pretty Hawaiian ladies , who advanced , and , according to the custom of our country , decorated him with leis , or long , pliable wreaths of flowers suspended from the neck .
As Mrs. Bush , considered one of the most beautiful women in the Hawaiian Islands , advanced , and proceeded to tie the flowery garland about the neck of the prince , he seemed perhaps a bit confused at the novel custom ; but , submitting with the easy grace of a gentleman , he appeared to be excessively pleased with the flowers and with the expression of friendly welcome conveyed to him by the act .
Balls , picnics , and parties followed this day of enjoyment ; and the prince gave an entertainment in return at his own house , which was attended by my husband and myself , and by most of the distinquished persons in the city .
The day of departure for the Galatea arrived ; and the prince called on me to express the pleasure he had taken during his visit , and the regrets he felt at leaving us .
On this occasion he presented me with an armlet emblematic of his profession ; it was of solid gold , a massively wrought chain made after the pattern of a ship 's cable , with anchor as a pendant .
He also gave me copies of two of his own musical compositions ; and to this day I keep and cherish these three souvenirs of the son of England 's good queen , and at the same time one of England 's noblest sailors .
We have met once since those days , at the Queen 's Jubilee , during my visit to London in 1887 .
Our past acquaintance was cordially recognized by the prince , who was then my escort on a state occasion , my nearest neighbor on the other hand being the present Emperor of Germany .
KAMEHAMEHA V
EARLY in December , 1872 , occurred the death of Prince Lot , as he was often called , even after his accession to the throne under the title of Kamehameha V .
On the 10th of that month my husband and I were summoned to the palace to attend the dying monarch ; one by one other chiefs of the Hawaiian people , with a few of their trusted retainers , also arrived to be present at the final scene ; we spent that night watching in silence near the king 's bedside .
The disease was pronounced by the medical men to be dropsy on the chest .
At nine o'clock on the day following we were drawn up in a little circle about his bed .
Among other considerations forced upon us at this solemn moment was that of a successor to the throne , which , respecting the right of nomination , rested with the king .
Those present were his half - sister , the Princess Ruth , Mrs. Pauahi Bishop , Mrs. Fanny Young , the mother of Queen Emma , and myself , all eligible candidates in the female line .
At the doors of the apartment were Prince William Lunalilo and my brother , David Kalakaua , also heirs presumptive to the throne , while watching at a respectful distance were retainers of these chiefs .
The attorney - general , Hon. Stephen H. Phillips , Hon. P. Nahaolelua , afterwards a member of my brother 's cabinet , my husband , General Dominis , Kamakou , and two women in attendance occupied the space between us and the doors .
Although nearing the end , the mind of the king was still clear ; and his thoughts , like our own , were evidently on the selection of a future ruler for the island kingdom , for , turning to Mrs. Bishop , he asked her to assume the reins of government and become queen at his death .
She hesitated a moment , and then quietly inquired why His Majesty did not appoint as his successor his sister , the Princess Ruth Keelikolani , to which question the king replied that the princess would not be capable of undertaking with success the responsibilities of government , to which Mrs. Bishop rejoined , " Oh , but we will all help her to the best of our ability . "
Having obtained her opinion , he next turned to Nahaolelua , and demanded of him who would be the proper person to be named for the succession .
To this the counsellor gave a very truthful , yet scarcely fortunate response , saying , " Any one , may it please Your Majesty , of the chiefs now present . "
The king again hesitated , and in the intervening time , the messenger whom all must obey was gaining entrance to the death - chamber ; from the effort to provide for the future rule of the kingdom he relapsed into unconsciousness , and passed away without having named his successor to the throne .
The foremost candidate for the vacancy was undoubtedly the king 's first cousin , Prince William Lunalilo ; and in the matter of birth nothing could be said adverse to his claim .
His mother was Kekauluohi , niece and step - daughter of Kamehameha the Great ; he was popular , and of an amiable , easy disposition .
But there were grave reasons why the choice was injudicious , and indeed hardly constitutional ; for Prince Willliam 's personal habits even at this time were such that he was under the guardianship of Mr. Charles R. Bishop , the banker , his property being out of his own control , while he received from his guardian an allowance of only twenty - five dollars a month as spending money .
His selection was chiefly due to the influence of the representatives of the single island of Oahu , but having once been announced , was accepted with the usual cheerfulness and good faith displayed by the Hawaiian people , who have always been loyal subjects to any one of their own acknowledged chiefs .
His cousin , Kamehameha V. , had such advisers as Mr. R. C. Wylie , Mr. C. C. Harris , Mr. F. W. Hutchinson , Hon. S. H. Phillips , and others , all men of ability , but not associated with what is known as the missionary party .
On the ascension of Lunalilo , this latter party showed a determination to control the king , and by subjecting his weakness to their strength , to influence the fate of the Hawaiian people and the destiny of the Islands .
They succeeded in securing the following cabinet : Hon. Charles R. Bishop ( Foreign Affairs ) , E. O. Hall ( Interior ) , R. Stirling ( Finance ) , A. F. Judd ( Attorney - General ) ; two out of these four were from families who landed upon our shores with the single intention to teach our people the religion of Christ .
The policy of the new cabinet was distinctively American , in opposition to that which may properly be called Hawaiian ; the latter looking to the prosperity and progress of the nation as an independent sovereignty , the former seeking to render the Islands a mere dependency , either openly or under sufficient disguise , on the government of the United States .
Then , as at the present day , the entering wedge was the concession of a harbor of refuge or repair at Pearl River .
The proposition created great excitement , and was vehemently opposed by those of native birth ; for patriotism , which with us means the love of the very soil on which our ancestors have lived and died , forbade us to view with equanimity the sight of any foreign flag , not excepting the one for which we have always had the greatest respect , floating as a matter of right over any part of our land .
There is a gentleman still living at Honolulu whose boast is that he was the father of the project to annex Hawaii to the American Union .
It may , therefore , be perfectly permissible to mention here that the Pearl Harbor scheme of 1873 is declared with good reason to have originated with him , – Dr. John S. McGrew , – and was then openly advocated by him as a preliminary to the obliteration of the native government by the annexation of the whole group to the United States .
But in the midst of the discord produced by the agitation , the king 's health began to fail rapidly ; and at his express wish the project of the missionary party at that time to enter into closer relations with their own country was laid aside until a more convenient season .
A change was recommended to Lunalilo ; and arrangements were made for a trip to the largest island , Hawaii , noted with us for its high mountains and the favorable influences of its climate on the health .
By the advice of Dr. Trousseau , the king 's physician , it was decided to go to Kailua ; and thither went the royal party .
Besides Dr. Trousseau , the king 's chamerlain , Mr. Charles H. Judd accompanied us ; then there were Kanaina , the king 's father , Queen Emma , Princess Likelike , Mrs. Pauahi Bishop , Kapiolani , afterwards queen by virtue of marriage with my brother Leleiohoku , my younger brother , some others perhaps – and myself .
The Hawaiian Band of native musicians also were with us ; and every attempt was made to divert the mind of the king from his malady , and insure a favorable change .
During our stay we were often visited by emissaries from Honolulu , urging upon the king the appointment of a successor , or praying him to return to the capital for the consideration of the subject , to all of which suggestions he appeared to be at least indifferent , if not absolutely opposed .
In fact , he said openly enough that he himself owed his scepter to the people , and he saw no reason why the people should not elect his successor .
I suppose it is no secret , but really a matter of history , that the person most ambitious to succeed him in the rule of the Hawaiian nation was Emma , the widow of Alexander Liholiho , Kamehameha IV .
She and a number of her retainers were with us during our entire stay , although she had taken advantage of residence there to make some excursions in the neighborhood .
Amongst these I especially recall a trip she made to the mountain , Hualalai , to visit the celebrated temple of Ahuaumi .
This place once devoted to our ancient worship is a wonderful pile of rock , built by one of the kings of past centuries , and its construction was comparatively a short work , and yet each single stone must have been raised by a multitude of strong hands and muscular arms , passed from one set of laborers to another until it found its location in the structure ; and the whole building thus completed was consecrated by Umi to the gods , and used for purposes then deemed most sacred .
Visitors usually make this one of the celebrities to be seen if they are near enough to its location ; but I regret to say there must have been those in the vicinity who had no respect for sacred antiquities , for a number of these stones , so laboriously erected , have been torn down , and from them a goat - pen has been built .
It was not long , however , that any of our party could indulge in recreation , for the rapid failure of the health of the king rendered it necessary for some one of us to be always watching with him .
When it came to be the turn of Queen Emma , she urged him in plain language to nominate her to assume the reins of government at his decease ; but his determination appeared to be unchanged to leave the selection to the people .
Even when I was by his bedside , doing my duty as one of those chosen by birth to stand near during his dying hours , Queen Emma did not cease from her persistency , but again broached the subject of succession , and spoke to the king of the great importance to his people of naming an heir to the throne .
The indelicacy of this persuasion from a Hawaiian point of view will be understood by those who have studied our national customs .
He made her no reply , but turned from her as he lay on his bed .
It was considered best that he should return to Honolulu , to which reluctantly he consented ; so , accompanied by the chiefs and their attendants , we returned with him home .
As long as he retained consciousness he insisted that the selection of a successor should be left to the people , and even his ministers were powerless to change his determination ; and with a full intention of allowing the succession to be settled by ballot rather than by his constitutional right of appointment , he passed away , apparently without pain .
Indeed , so peaceful was his end that the appearance of death began long before its reality , and the marshal of the realm , supposing the king to be dead , undertook the draping of the palace ; scarcely had the long festoons of crape been hung upon the outer walls when it was discovered that the king was living .
It was not thought best to remove these emblems of mourning , for their use might be appropriate at any moment ; so an attempt was made to cover or conceal them and they were really in position about two day before the final scene .
Although Queen Emma was not named by the king as his successor , it was found that he had liberally remembered her in his will .
A most important proviso of that instrument was the fund left for the founding of the Lunalilo Home for aged and indigent Hawaiians .
This institution admits those of both sexes , the men being in one department and the women in another .
It is well managed , and its inmates are happy and contented , so much so , indeed , that they often conduct themselves as if youth and hope were still their portion , and from the sympathy of daily companionship they wish to enter the closer tie of matrimony .
This they are permitted to do without severing their connection with the institution , and there is a separate department provided for those who have thus agreed to finish their journey of life together .
LUNALILO HOME FOR THE POOR
QUEEN EMMA
THE contest for the succession which resulted in the elevation of my family – the Keaweaheulu line – to royal honors is of course a matter of history .
Since the king had refused to nominate his successor , the election was with the legislature .
It must not be forgotten , however , that the unwritten law of Hawaii Nei required that the greatest chief , or the one having the most direct claim to the throne , must rule .
The legislature could not choose from the people at large , but was confined to a decision between rival claimants having an equal or nearly equal relation in the chiefhood to the throne .
Queen Emma 's claim was not derived through her own family , but as the widow of Liholiho , one of the Kamehamehas .
The great - grandfather of Kalakaua ( the other claimant ) , and Kamehameha I. were own cousins ; and , as I have already noted , it was to this anscestor and to other chiefs of our family that the late dynasty had owed its succession , and the uniting of the kingdoms of Hawaii under one government .
Now , it is not denied that Queen Emma had a rightful candidacy .
It has already been seen that the king hesitated , and finally failed to decide between her rights and those of our family to succession .
It was not the duty of the legislature to determine the question .
From the fact that Queen Emma was a resident of Honolulu , the capital , and the immediate scene of the election , has arisen the impression that she was the real choice of the Hawaiian people .
She naturally had about her a considerable personal following , scheming for office , and a large body of retainers , all within the city and environs ; and hence could there make a formidable showing .
She had also , of course , partisans here and there throughout the Islands .
Her canvass was , however , limited almost exclusively to intrigue within the city , while Kalakaua and his friends sought the suffrages of the country people and their representatives .
Each party was vigorous in its own way , and there was great excitement .
It can not be said that either party felt much assurance as to the result , until the vote was actually declared .
But Queen Emma herself seems never to have doubted that she must be the chosen sovereign ; and it was policy for her advisers to flatter her expectation , upon which their own fortunes hung .
For this she should rather have our sympathy than our reprobation .
Her active candidacy was legitimate , and compatible with public spirit .
But for her subsequent course there is little justification .
Her disappointment assumes too personal a manifestation to be excused in the representative of royal responsibilities .
It is therefore because of its political consequence that I deem it proper to record here what will doubtless seem to the public , from any other point of view , a mere detail of feminine pettiness .
It is a fact that Queen Emma ardently desired and hoped to succeed King Lunalilo , and that during the time that he lay unconscious , with life barely perceptible to those of us who stood nearest him , she was busily whispering among her friends the details of her plans .
I was presently informed that she purposed to supersede General Dominis by Mr. F. S. Pratt as governor of Oahu , and that various other government positions had been promised .
But if our party attended with its eyes to the intrigue , it at least maintained silence until the king died , and his remains were removed to Iolani Palace , and laid in state in the Red Chamber on the royal feather robe of Princess Nahienaena , the sister of Kamehameha III .
The legislature assembled in the old court - house , now the merchandise warerooms of Hackfeld & Co. , the shipping merchants .
At the first and only ballot it was found that David Kalakaua was elected , receiving thirty - nine votes to the six votes cast for the rival candidate , Queen Emma .
The vote , no doubt a surprise to Honolulu , being declared to the people who surrounded the legislative halls , was received with acclamation , mingled with shouts of disapproval .
Naturally , the partisians of Queen Emma , being residents of Honolulu , and some of them inspired with liquor , were easily incited to riotous action .
They were re-enforced by her own dependants , who came to their assistance from her residence .
This was between three and four o'clock of the afternoon of the 12th of February , 1874 .
An attack was made by the mob on the legislature ; furniture was demolished ; valuable books , papers , and documents which belonged to the court or to the attorney - general 's office were scattered abroad or thrown from the windows .
Clubs were freely used on such unlucky members of the assembly as could be found within the walls , and some were thrown through the open windows by the maddened crowd .
Many men were sent to the hospital for treatment of their broken heads or bruised bodies .
But this was not an expression of the Hawaiian people ; it was merely the madness of a mob incited by disappointed partisans whom the representatives of the people had rebuked .
In the mean time , the newly elected King Kalakaua , the Princess Likelike , and myself were quietly awaiting returns in the house which had been the residence of Queen Emma while her husband was the reigning monarch .
At this date she resided in the house of her mother , Mrs. Fanny Rooke , and we were the only occupants of the mansion of Liholiho .
There was complete tranquility also at Iolani Palace , where the late king 's remains still lay in state , a few soldiers only being on guard about the chamber in which rested all that was mortal of the deceased monarch .
Presently a lady , Miss Hannah Smithies , came into our presence , and abruptly told my brother that he was the king of the Hawaiian people .
He could not believe the matter already settled , and leaving us , walked out a little distance with an idea of meeting some one to confirm or deny the report ; he soon returned , closely followed by Mr. Aholo and Mr. C. H. Judd , who not only brought him the same news , but informed him of the disturbances at the court - house , from which they said they had but just escaped with their lives .
These two friends were followed by Hon. Charles R. Bishop , Minister of Foreign Affairs under the late king , who warmly congratulated my brother on his ascension to the throne , and confirmed the statement that a most serious riot was in progress in the business part of the city .
No dependence could be placed on the police nor on the Hawaiian Guards ; these had proved unfaithful to their duties to preserve order , and had in some cases joined the partisans of Queen Emma in their riotous actions .
So Mr. Bishop asked the king 's advice as to whether it would not be wisest to appeal at once to the foreign vessels of war , of which there were three in the harbor , that they might land their forces and restore tranquility to the city .
In view of the fact that a riot was in progress , that the halls of justice were in possession of a mob rendered irresponsible by the use of liquor , and that night was approaching , when incendiarism might be feared , my brother , the king elect , my husband , the late Governor Dominis , and Hon. Charles R. Bishop , Minister of Foreign Affairs , united in a request to Hon. Henry A. Pierce , the American Minister , that armed men might be landed from the American ships Tuscarora and Portsmouth , to sustain the government in its determination to preserve order , and protect the lives and property of all residents of the city of Honolulu .
A force was also landed from the British man - of - war Tenedos , whose commander , Captain Ray , being absent on shore , the responsibility was assumed by his executive officer , Lieutenant Bromley .
Commander Belknap and Commander Skerrett of the United States forces took possession of the square on which the court - house is built ; and on seeing this , the mob melted silently and entirely away .
The armed marines subsequently , at the request of the Hawaiian authorities , guarded the treasury , arsenal , jail , and station - house .
The British marines were marched to the residence of Queen Emma , and , after dispersing the rioters assembled there , they occupied the barracks and guarded the palace itself .
There was no permanent damage done by the disturbance .
The Hawaiian people are excitable , but not given to bloodshed or malignant destruction of property .
I may here remark that the action of United States Minister Henry A. Pierce has been quoted as furnishing a precendent for that of Minister John J. Stevens .
Nothing could be more incorrect .
When the town was in danger , and the lives and property of all classes in peril , even then , until written request was made by the king , by the governor of Oahu , and by the Minister of Foreign Affairs , no interference was made by foreign war - ships .
When armed forces were landed it was to sustain and protect the constitutional government at a mere momentary emergency from a disloyal mob .
The constitutional government of 1893 and the governor of Oahu not only made no request to Minister Stevens , but they absolutely protested against his actions , as an unwarranted interposition of foreign forces in a dispute which had arisen between the queen and a few foreign residents .
It was on the request of these latter that Minister Steven 's acts were based , at a time when , save for differences of political opinion , the city was perfectly tranquil .
Even had there been a disturbance , no one but the government could have authorized the employment of alien troops .
Governor Nahaolelua of Maui , one of her trusted adherents , had left the house early to carry to Queen Emma the news of Kalakaua 's election .
When she learned the result from the lips of one of her own friends , she could no longer doubt its truth , though it was unexpected and unacceptable .
On the day following the riot she set for Mr. Nahaolelua , and demanded of him if it were not possible to ask for another vote in the legislature on the question of the succession .
What might have been the result had he consented to this , cannot be told ; for while the matter was in discussion at Queen Emma 's residence , there broke in upon their deliberations the booming of the salute of twenty - one guns , indicated that my brother Kalakaua had taken the oath of office .
This would have made any further opposition nothing less than treason , and the matter was consequently dropped .
Queen Emma never recovered from her great disappointment , nor could she reconcile herself to the fact that our family had been chosen as the royal line to succeed that of the Kamehamehas .
All those arrested for disturbing the peace the day of the election were her own retainers .
Two days after the trouble she came to the palace , and used her influence with King Kalakaua to have them released .
As the king went to the audience chamber to receive her , he spoke to the queen and myself , asking us to be present and assist at the reception with himself ; but before we could comply with his wishes she had seen him , made her request , and then withdrew hastily from the rooms without awaiting the entrance of Queen Kapiolani or myself .
Why she should cherish such bitterness of spirit against the queen is past my comprehension .
Queen Kapiolani had been aunt to Queen Emma , having been the wife of her uncle Namakeha , and had nursed the young prince , the son of Alexander Liholiho , although her rank not only equalled , but was superior to , that of Queen Emma , the child 's mother .
The sweet disposition and amiable temper of Queen Kapiolani never allowed her to resent in the least the queen dowager 's bitterness , nor would she permit herself to utter one word of reproach against the mother of the child she had herself so dearly loved .
In this respect my brother 's wife showed her truly Christian character , and there were occasions when the lack of courtesy on the part of the Queen Emma became something very like insult .
For instance , it is the custom with the members of the highest families , the chiefs of the Hawaiian people , at such time as it is known that any one of their rank is ill , to go the house of the chief so indisposed , and remain until recovery is assured , or to be present at the deathbed , if such should be the result .
On these occasions , if Queen Emma met Queen Kapiolani , who , of course , from this date became , as my brother 's wife , the lady of the highest rank in our nation , she would studiously avoid recognizing her .
Many and many a time did Kalakaua make the effort to bring about a reconciliation between the two ladies ; but although Queen Kapiolani would have assented to anything consistent with the dignity of womanhood , Queen Emma would not make the least concession .
Even in the very residence of my brother , visiting the palace at the invitation of the king , if the queen were present she avoided recognizing her , and would at times rise and leave when Queen Kapiolani entered , saluting no one but the king as she retired ; although this was an outrageous impertinence to the queen under her own roof , it was through Christian charity ignored by its recipient .
Notwithstanding this persistent anger , my brother - in - law Hon. A. S. Cleghorn , prevailed on his wife , the Princess Likelike , to continue the acquaintance .
I confess that my own patience with such displays was not equal to a like forbearance ; and , as I would not stoop to court her favor , nor could accept , without proper and dignified notice , her overbearing demeanor towards myself , Queen Emma never forgave me my own rank and position in the family which was chosen to reign over the Hawaiian people .
It did not trouble me at all , but I simply allowed her to remain in the position in which she chose to place herself .
HIS MAJESTY KING KALAKAUA
Kalakaua never forgot to invite Queen Emma to all the entertainments given at the palace , and on state occasions he strove to do her the highest honor .
At the opening or closing of the legislature a seat was reserved for her appropriate to her rank as queen dowager , but she never showed the king in any way that she appreciated his courtesy .
KING KALAKAUA
MY brother 's reign began on Feb. 12 , 1874 ; and on the fourteenth of the same month he appointed , by the consent of the nobles under the twenty - second article of the constitution of 1864 , our younger brother , William Pitt Leleiokoku , his successor to the throne .
The prince became regent during the first absence of Kalakaua from his kingdom , on a tour abroad of which I shall soon speak .
He was a very popular young man , about twenty years of age , having been born on the 10th of January , 1854 .
But the amiable prince was not to live to ascend the throne , or even for any extended enjoyment of those social pleasures in which he bore so prominent a part .
He died on the 10th of April , 1877 , having been in the position of heir apparent for about three years .
He had the same love of music , the like passion for poetry and song , which have been so great a pleasure to me in my own life , as well as to our brother , King Kalakaua .
He had a taste for social pleasures , and enjoyed the gay and festive element of life .
During the absence of the king , there were three separate clubs or musical circles engaged in friendly rivalry to outdo each other in poetry and song .
These were the friends and associates of the prince regent , those of the Princess Likelike , and my own friends and admirers .
Our poems and musical compositions were repeated from one to another , were sung by our friends in the sweetest rivalry , and their respective merits extolled : but candor compels me to acknowledge that those of Prince Leleiohoku were really in advance of those of his two sisters , although perhaps this was due to the fact that the singing - club of the regent was far superior to any that we could organize ; it consisted in a large degree of the very purest and sweetest male voices to be found amongst the native Hawaiians .
They were all fine singers , and these songs , in which our musical circles then excelled , are to be heard amongst our people to the present day .
And yet it still remains true that no other composer but myself has ever reduced them to writing .
This may seem strange to musical people of other nations , because the beauty and harmony of the Hawaiian music in general and of these songs in particular have been so generally recognized .
But as soon as a popular air originated , it was passed along from its composer to one of his most intimate friends ; he in turn sang it to another , and thus its circulation increased day by day .
It was not long before every one had the same knowledge of the new melody as happens in communities where a new and favorite air is introduced by an opera company .
With other nations music is perpetuated by note and line , with us it is not .
The ancient bards of the Hawaiian people thus gave to history their poems or chants ; and the custom is no different to this day , and serves to show the great fondess and aptness of our nation to poetry and song .
I will now return to the date of the departure of my brother , King Kalakaua , to the United States .
Yielding to the wishes of those residents of his domains who were from American or missionary stock , my brother had organized the negotiation of a treaty of closer alliance or reciprocity with the United States ; and even before leaving home he had commissioned Judge Allen and Minister Carter to submit such a treaty to the American government .
To advance the interests of this movement by his personal presence , he accepted passage for himself and his suite on the ship - of - war Benicia , and sailed for San Francisco in the autumn of 1874 .
My husband , the late General J. O. Dominis , and the United States Minister Henry A. Pierce accompanied him on his travels .
One of the officers of this steamship was Lieutenant Whiting , who received permission to accompany King Kalakaua to Washington .
He is now a commander , and has since married Miss Afong , one of a large family of children , all girls , whose mother is one of our people , but whose father was a rich Chinese resident , now returned to his native land .
From the moment of landing my brother made friends , and was treated with the kindest consideration by the American people of all classes .
There was a very strong feeling of friendship between the king and the late General U. S. Grant .
It amounted almost to recognized fraternity .
The result of this visit is well known .
It secured that for which the planters had gained the endorsement of the king ; it resulted in the reciprocity treaty of Jan. 30 , 1875 .
So this , one of the first official acts of King Kalakaua , was very satisfactory to the party in power ; but even then there were a few who protested against the treaty , as an act which would put in peril the independence of our nation .
The impressions of the people are sometimes founded upon truth ; and events have since proved that such was the case here , – that it was the minority which was right in its judgment of the consequences of the Hawaiian concession of 1875 to the power of the foreigner .
On Oct. 16 , 1876 , at the house on Emma Street , was born to Princess Miriam Likelike ( Mrs. A. S. Cleghorn ) the child now known to the world as the Princess Kaiulani .
She was at once recognized as the hope of the Hawaiian people , as the only direct heir by birth to the throne .
Kaiulani was only six months old when my brother , Prince William Leleiohoku died ; and it was evident that the vacancy must be instantly filled .
The Princess Ruth , daughter of Pauahi and Kekuanaoa , who had adopted Leleiohoku , had asked of the king if she herself could not be proclaimed heir apparent ; and this suggestion was placed before the king 's counselors at a cabinet meeting , but it was objected that , if her petition was granted , then Mrs. Pauahi Bishop would be the next heir to the throne , as they were first cousins .
At noon of the tenth day of April , 1877 , the booming of the cannon was heard which announced that I was heir apparent to the throne of Hawaii .
HEIR APPARENT
FROM this moment dates my official title of Liliuokalani , that being the name under which I was formally proclaimed princess and heir apparent to the throne of my ancestors .
Now that this important matter had been decided by those whom the constitution invests with that prerogative , it became proper and necessary for me to make a tour of the islands to meet the people , that all classes , rich and poor , planter or fisherman , might have an opportunity to become somewhat acquainted with the one who some day should be called to hold the highest executive office .
The first journey undertaken was that of encircling the island on which the capital city of Honolulu is situated ; we therefore started from our home to make the trip around the coast - line of Oahu , a tour of nearly one hundred and fifty miles , following the roads which wind along on the brink of the ocean .
This we proposed to do on horseback ; although my carriage , where I could rest if required , accompanied the party .
Our cavalcade was a large one ; my immediate companions being my husband , General J. O Dominis , governor of the island , and my sister , the Princess Likelike , wife of Hon. A. S. Cleghorn , who was attended by her personal suite .
But large numbers are no discouragement to Hawaiian hospitality , especially under the additional inspiration of the love and loyalty to their chiefs ; so the people opened their doors with an " Aloha nui loa " to us in words and acts , and wherever we went a grand reception awaited us on arrival .
Our route was first to the eastward , past Diamond Head , Koko Head to the point of Makapur , then turning to the northward and around to Waimanalo , where we found ourselves the guests of Ah Kua , a very wealthy Chinaman , who owned a large plantation there devoted to the cultivation of rice .
Intelligence of our approach must have travelled faster than we had ridden ; for as soon as our cavalcade drew near to this estate we were greeted with a discharge of firecrackers and bombs , let off to do honor to the presence of the heir to the throne and her companions .
There was no cessation of the salutes during the feast of good things which had been spread by Ah Kau for our refreshment , to which and to the professions of loyalty on the part of our host , we did ample justice .
From thence we proceeded to Maunawili , the beautiful residence of Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Boyd , whose doors were already opened for our reception ; and here we spent the night and remained an entire day , enjoying the entertainment prepared for us , which can be described in no better terms than by saying that we received a royal welcome indeed .
Our progress continued on the day following through Kaneohe , our noonday rest being at the house of Judge Pii , where a generous lunch awaited us on the moment of our arrival .
The people of that entire district had congregated to do us honor , and showed us in every way that there was no doubt or disloyalty in their hearts .
Yet , while still at Kaneohe , a letter was received by the Princess Likelike from her husband , in which that gentleman advised his wife to return to Honolulu , and stated it was his opinion that if it was the purpose of my tour to meet the people and cultivate their love , the time spent on the route would be wasted because they were all zealous partisans of Queen Emma .
My sister acquainted me with these views of her husband , and asked my advice as to her course .
I did not wish to influence her in any way , and therefore left it to her option to continue the journey with me , or to take Mr. Cleghorn 's advice .
But we had already advanced far enough on our pathway amongst the people to prove that her husband had made a great mistake , for no heir to the throne could have been more royally received by all than I had been .
The princess had not failed to notice this , and as we proceeded it was still more apparent ; the most zealous of Queen Emma 's people , now that the question had been officially decided , hastened to do us honor .
So , after due consideration , Princess Likelike decided that she would not return .
A decision she had no after occasion to regret , and was one which made me very glad ; for she was welcomed and showered with marks of favor by the very adherents of Queen Emma , of whose disappointment she had been warned by her husband .
It would be tiresome to others , perhaps , should I go on and describe with minute particulars the steps of our party as they passed around the island .
From place to place the reception was the same , cheerful , hearty , and enthusiastic , – Kahuku , Waialua , Makahao , Waianae , and so on to our latest stopping - place , which was with Mr. James Campbell and his sweet wife at Honouliuli .
He had the advantage of a little more time in his preparations for our reception than was possible to some of our other places of rest , and had spared no pains to give us an ovation in every way worthy of himself and his amiable companion .
The result was a manifestation of kind feelings and generous hospitality such as , even at this distant day , cannot , no , nor ever will be , effaced from my memory .
From thence we started for Honolulu ; and as it was noised abroad that the party would enter the city , there was scarcely space for our cavalcade to pass between the throngs of people which lined our way .
From Leleo to Alakea Street it was a mass of moving heads , through which only slowly could our carriages , horses , and outriders pass .
It was understood and accepted as a victorious procession ; and out of sympathy for the disappointed dowager queen , our people refrained from noisy demonstrations and loud cheering , and instead the men removed their hats , and the women saluted as we passed .
I have been thus careful in reviewing this my first trip as heir to the throne , both because it is a pleasure to recall the memory of that epoch in my life , and further that I may speak with pride of the continued affection , of the unshaken love , of these my people .
In some nations the leaders , the chief rulers , have gone forth through districts conquered by the sword and compelled the people to show their subjugation .
Our progress from beginning to end was a triumphal march , and might well be described as that awarded to victors ; but there were no dying nor wounded mortals in our track .
We had vanquished the hearts of the people , they showed to us their love , they welcomed me as Hawaiians always have the ruling chief ; and to this day , without the slightest appeal on my part , they have shown that their love and loyalty to our family in general , and to myself in particular , have known no change nor diminution , even under the circumstances , now so different from those of twenty years ago .
MY FIRST VISIT TO THE UNITED STATES
IN the early part of the year 1878 I was not in the enjoyment of my usual good health ; and my physician Dr. Tisdale of Oakland Cal. , advised a trip to that coast , trusting that the change might be of benefit to me .
At this date steam communication was not as frequent nor as convenient as has since been established ; yet we had very comfortable and pleasant accommodations on the steamer St. Paul , on which we departed .
I was accompanied by my husband , General Dominis ; and amongst the agreeable company on board were Mr. and Mrs. Wm. F. Allen , Mr. Nott , who married Miss Mary Andrews , and Mr. C. O. Berger , who married a daughter of Judge Weideman .
Besides these , I recall the names of Mrs. J. I .
Dowsett and her son , J. I. Dowsett , both deceased and Mrs. C. B. Wilson .
The trip was made in nine days ; and at its termination I obtained my first view of the shores of that great country , the United States , of which land I had heard almost without cessation from earliest childhood .
If first impressions be accepted as auspicious , surely I found nothing of which I could complain on this visit ; for many prominent citizens of the great city of the Pacific coast came to do us honor , or entertained us during our stay .
Amongst these were my husband 's old friend and playmate of earlier days , Governor Pacheco ; also Mr. Henry Bishop , brother of Mr. Charles R. Bishop , who married my sister Bernice ; Mr. H. W. Severance , at that time in the consular service of the Hawaiian government at San Francisco ; Mr. R. S. Floyd and wife , the gentleman being connected with the great observatory established through the munificence of the late James Lick ; Mr. and Mrs. Toler of Oakland ; Mrs. Haalelea and Mrs. Coney ( at this time residing at Oakland with the children of Mrs. Coney ) ; and many others , who united to give us a delightful introduction from the islands of the tropics into that land with whose history we have been so intimately connected .
The first welcome of strange shores is not often forgotten by the traveller , however numerous may be the subsequent experiences ; so these flattering attentions were most sincerely appreciated then , and have never ceased to awaken emotions of gratitude in my heart .
While we did not travel extensively through the State , yet our visit to Sacramento must not be passed by without a word ; for many were the visitors who called to welcome us while staying at the Golden Eagle Hotel .
Amongst these I recall the name of Mr. H. S. Crocker , a prominent citizen ; then there was Mrs. Charles Crocker , whose home we visited .
She occupied a most elegant mansion ; and in its pleasant surroundings , and the generous hospitality with which we found ourselves entertained , the welcome there was not unlike that I have noticed in my account of our tour around our island home .
Where all are so perfect , it seems scarcely possible to distinguish one feature above another ; yet her art - gallery made a great impression on me at the time , and I can see again , as I recall the past , the many beautiful paintings by prominent artists with which it was adorned .
They were works of genius indeed , so true to nature and so lifelike ; but they were far too numerous for me to try at this day to recall them by name .
The least detail of her grand and beautiful residence was nothing less than perfection .
The floors were paved with artistic designs in tiles of while , of blue , and other colors .
There were apartments devoted to several branches of natural history , and the cabinets of stuffed and mounted birds , as well as of quadrupeds and animals in great variety , interested and amused me as if I had been a child taken to a museum of curiosities .
The whole collection must have been of great value , and it has given me pleasure to learn that since my visit it has been turned over to the State of California for the delight and information of future generations .
From thence we returned to San Francisco , and after a month 's absence prepared for our homeward voyage , which was made on the steamer Wilmington , Captain Fuller , now harbor - master by commission of the present rulers of the port of Honolulu .
The ocean air , charming company , that cordial welcome of friends which so quickly dispels the sense of loneliness one feels when a stranger in a strange land , all had combined to prove the wisdom of my physician 's advice ; and I returned in most excellent health and my accustomed good spirits .
During the summer of that year , 1878 , my husband and I visited the island of Maui , and while General Dominis was for a brief time recalled to Oahu , my brother , His Majesty Kalakaua , came to Maui especially to have an interview with me .
He was always kind enough to seek my opinion on questions of public interest , but this trip was undertaken for the special object of consulting me about some appointments to official positions then under discussion .
It was at Wailuku , where my husband had left me at the residence of Hon. H. Kuihalani , that the king arrived with a few attendants .
I recognized his great consideration for me in this act , and his deference to my opinion ; for had he so wished , these appointments could have been made without the least consultation and the names of his selections would have been known to me only through the regular channels of information to all , and the king would have been spared a trip from his capital to another island .
He spoke to me about the appointment of Mr. Charles H. Judd , whom he proposed to nominate to the office of chamberlain , and further to that of special agent for the management of the crown lands .
Both of these offices were held by my husband at this time .
That of chamberlain was only temporary , but the other had been his official position since the days of Kamehameha V. ; and under his administration of the leases and revenues of these lands , both during the reign of that monarch and ever since , all things had been considered very satisfactory .
The king 's proposition to withdraw both of these appointments from General Dominis in order to confer them upon another caused me much anxiety , and I must confess no little indignation .
But I restrained these feelings , and replied to the king with proper meekness , telling him as my sovereign that whatever seemed best to him ought to be done , and that it was clearly his privilege to act upon his own views of what was right in the matter .
He then asked me in plainer terms if I had no opinion to offer to him , to which I replied that I had ; and then went on to inform him that this Charles H. Judd , whom he was now to bring into favor by public office , and by placing him nearer to his person , had worked against him , and had opposed his nomination to the throne of the sovereigns of the Hawaiian Islands .
Mr. Judd had not been content with silent opposition , but had gone over to Koolau and openly canvassed that district in the interest of Queen Emma .
When he heard that my brother had received the majority vote of the legislature , he then with soft words returned to try the arts which we call " to malimali , " to ingratiate himself into the royal favor .
My honest opinion having been demanded of me by the king , it was given in the above terms ; and I added , " I see that Mr. Judd has been successful ; he schemed for favors at your hands ; he has obtained what he coveted , and procured of Your Majesty the displacement of my husband , although General Dominis has been faithful to every trust , a constant and true friend of yours for years , and a loyal follower to this very day of his removal . "
My husband 's absence gave me the right and the courage to speak thus plainly to the king .
" Well , " he replied , " say that I have made my appointments , what is there remaining that I can do for you , my sister ? "
To this I answered that I would be pleased if he would appoint Governor Dominis to be governor of Kauai and of Maui in addition to the office he held , the governorship of Oahu .
The king most cheerfully consented , and I wrote at once to my husband telling him just what had been said and done ; my letter not only met his approval , but he showed it to Hon.
C. C. Harris , who commended me in the highest terms for the stand I had taken in the discussion of this delicate and difficult matter .
It was with good reason that I had selected the office of governor of Maui as a token of the king 's appreciation of the constant loyalty of my husband .
Independent of his fitness for the position by reason of his long experience on the island of Oahu , it was well known that the ruling governor , Moehonua , could not live for any length of time ; he was dropsical , and the disease was approaching its final stage ; so I could indicate my preferences without feeling that I was asking that any person should be displaced to please me .
The very next mail from the island brought the intelligence of the governor 's death .
He was a most estimable man , far superior to many of a corresponding rank , which was not of the highest ; yet he was a good specimen of the Hawaiian race , of noble birth and patriotic sentiments .
On the confirmation of the appointment to General Dominis , he appointed Hon. Mr. Aholo as his secretary and lieutenant - governor of the island , to which we immediately proposed to make a visit ; for we had heard that the people were extremely contented and even enthusiastically pleased with my husband 's appointment .
The experience of this visit would seem to most abundantly prove the wisdom of the king 's choice of General Dominis .
Our people feel that in honoring their chiefs , in respecting those who are legitimately their rulers , they are doing not only a duty , but a pleasure to themselves .
It was only needful to let it be known that the governor of their island accompanied by the heir to the throne was to be with them , to give the signal for the opening of every door , and the most cordial greeting by every wayside .
Consequently the unremitting attentions shown to us by all classes of the people , the many
Football Hall of Famer Lawrence Taylor Arrested for Rape Former New York Giant accused of sex with teenage runaway .
May 6 , 2010  --
Pro football Hall of Famer Lawrence Taylor was arrested today and charged with raping a 16 - year - old girl brought to his upstate New York hotel room against her will by a pimp , authorities said this afternoon .
Taylor , 51 , was charged with statutory rape and soliciting a minor prostitute , both of which he denies .
The rape charge carries a four - year maximum prison term and the prostitution charge could add an additional year .
Ramapo , N.Y. , Police Chief Peter Brower told reporters that Taylor " engaged in sexual intercourse with a child less than 17 for which he paid the victim $ 300 . "
The alleged victim , a runaway from the Bronx , N.Y. , was allegedly brought to Taylor 's room at the Holidome Hotel in Montebello , N.Y. , by a man police identified as Rasheed Davis , who has been charged with unlawful imprisonment , assault and endangering the welfare of a child .
The girl is believed to have sustained injuries to her face prior to sex with Taylor , Ramapo Supervisor Christopher St. Lawrence told reporters .
On her way back to New York City with Davis , the girl texted her uncle to report her whereabouts .
The uncle called the New York Police Department , who met the girl and Davis , according to authorities .
New York detectives alerted Ramapo police to Taylor 's alleged involvement .
Police knocked on the door of his hotel room in the early hours this morning , waking the former linebacker , according to authorities .
Bail was set at $ 75,000 , and Taylor was ordered to reappear on June 10 .
Brower would not comment on whether Taylor knew the girl 's age but added , " Ignorance is not an excuse to an individual 's age . "
" There were no signs of drug use , but there was a bottle of alcohol " in the room , Brower said .
Police said Taylor was cooperative when arrested and had been talking .
He was " concerned " that authorities knew the girl 's face was bruised before she was taken to his room , police said .
Davis " struck the young girl with his fist , kicked her and brought her to the Holiday Inn against her will , " NYPD spokesman Paul Browne told the Associated Press .
The girl ran away when she was 15 years old and had been reported missing to NYPD in March .
She recently turned 16 , St. Lawrence said .
Taylor appeared in court this afternoon , wearing a black shirt and blue jeans .
His hands were shackled .
" Lawrence Taylor is denying these charges , " said lawyer Arthur Aidala , but no official plea was entered .
Taylor has had several previous run-ins with the law , both while playing in the NFL and since retiring in 1993 .
He was suspended by the league several times for using illegal drugs and was jailed three times for attempting to buy drugs .
Lawrence Taylor Has Previous Arrests
He was arrested in 2009 for a hit - and - run incident in Hialeah , Fla .
He was released on $ 500 bond and the case is still pending .
He was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1999 after a 13 - year career with the Giants .
He appeared last year on the ABC show " Dancing With the Stars . "
In his 1987 autobiography " LT : Living on the Edge , " Taylor wrote , " For me , crazy as it seems , there is a real relationship between wild , reckless abandoned off the field and being that way on the field . "
The deadly blowout of an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico was triggered by a bubble of methane gas that escaped from the well and shot up the drill column , expanding quickly as it burst through several seals and barriers before exploding , according to interviews with rig workers conducted during BP ’s internal investigation .
While the cause of the explosion is still under investigation , the sequence of events described in the interviews provides the most detailed account of the April 20 blast that killed 11 workers and touched off the underwater gusher that has poured more than 3 million gallons of crude into the Gulf .
ADVERTISEMENT
Portions of the interviews , two written and one taped , were described in detail to an Associated Press reporter by Robert Bea , a University of California Berkeley engineering professor who serves on a National Academy of Engineering panel on oil pipeline safety and worked for BP PLC as a risk assessment consultant during the 1990s .
He received them from industry friends seeking his expert opinion .
A group of BP executives were on board the Deepwater Horizon rig celebrating the project ’s safety record , according to the transcripts .
Meanwhile , far below , the rig was being converted from an exploration well to a production well .
Based on the interviews , Bea believes that the workers set and then tested a cement seal at the bottom of the well .
Then they reduced the pressure in the drill column and attempted to set a second seal below the sea floor .
A chemical reaction caused by the setting cement created heat and a gas bubble which destroyed the seal .
Deep beneath the seafloor , methane is in a slushy , crystalline form .
Deep sea oil drillers often encounter pockets of methane crystals as they dig into the earth .
As the bubble rose up the drill column from the high - pressure environs of the deep to the less pressurized shallows , it intensified and grew , breaking through various safety barriers , Bea said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ A small bubble becomes a really big bubble , ” Bea said .
“ So the expanding bubble becomes like a cannon shooting the gas into your face . ”
Up on the rig , the first thing workers noticed was the sea water in the drill column suddenly shooting back at them , rocketing 240 feet in the air , he said .
Then , gas surfaced .
Then oil .
“ What we had learned when I worked as a drill rig laborer was swoosh , boom , run , ” Bea said .
“ The swoosh is the gas , boom is the explosion and run is what you better be doing . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The gas flooded into an adjoining room with exposed ignition sources , he said .
“ That ’s where the first explosion happened , ” said Bea , who worked for Shell Oil in the 1960s during the last big northern Gulf of Mexico oil well blowout .
“ The mud room was next to the quarters where the party was .
Then there was a series of explosions that subsequently ignited the oil that was coming from below . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
According to one interview transcript , a gas cloud covered the rig , causing giant engines on the drill floor to run too fast and explode .
The engines blew off the rig and set “ everything on fire , ” the account said .
Another explosion below blew more equipment overboard .
BP spokesman John Curry would not comment Friday night on whether methane gas or the series of events described in the internal documents caused the accident .
“ Clearly , what happened on the Deepwater Horizon was a tragic accident , ” said Curry , who is based at an oil spill command center in Robert , La .
“ We anticipate all the facts will come out in a full investigation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The BP executives were injured but survived , according to one account .
Nine rig crew on the rig floor and two engineers died .
“ The furniture and walls trapped some and broke some bones but they managed to get in the life boats with assistance from others , ” said the transcript .
The reports made Bea , the 73 - year - old industry veteran , cry .
“ It sure as hell is painful , ” he said .
“ Tears of frustration and anger . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
On Friday , a BP - chartered vessel lowered a 100 - ton concrete - and - steel vault onto the ruptured well , an important step in a delicate and unprecedented attempt to stop most of the gushing crude fouling the sea .
“ We are essentially taking a four - story building and lowering it 5,000 feet and setting it on the head of a pin , ” BP spokesman Bill Salvin told The Associated Press .
Underwater robots guided the 40 - foot - tall box into place in a slow - moving drama .
Now that the contraption is on the seafloor , workers will need at least 12 hours to let it settle and make sure it ’s stable before the robots can hook up a pipe and hose that will funnel the oil up to a tanker .
“ It appears to be going exactly as we hoped , ” Salvin said on Friday afternoon , shortly after the four - story device hit the seafloor .
“ Still lots of challenges ahead , but this is very good progress . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
By Sunday , the box the size of a house could be capturing up to 85 percent of the oil .
The task became increasingly urgent as toxic oil crept deeper into the bays and marshes of the Mississippi Delta .
A sheen of oil began arriving on land last week , and crews have been laying booms , spraying chemical dispersants and setting fire to the slick to try to keep it from coming ashore .
But now the thicker , stickier goo Ã¢â‚¬â€ arrayed in vivid , brick - colored ribbons Ã¢â‚¬â€ is drawing ever closer to Louisiana ’s coastal communities .
There are still untold risks and unknowns with the containment box :
The approach has never been tried at such depths , where the water pressure is enough to crush a submarine , and any wrong move could damage the leaking pipe and make the problem worse .
The seafloor is pitch black and the water murky , though lights on the robots illuminate the area where they are working .
If the box works , another one will be dropped onto a second , smaller leak at the bottom of the Gulf .
ADVERTISEMENT
At the same time , crews are drilling sideways into the well in hopes of plugging it up with mud and concrete , and they are working on other ways to cap it .
Investigators looking into the cause of the explosion have been focusing on the so - called blowout preventer .
Federal regulators told The Associated Press Friday that they are going to examine whether these last - resort cutoff valves on offshore oil wells are reliable .
Blowouts are infrequent , because well holes are blocked by piping and pumped - in materials like synthetic mud , cement and even sea water .
The pipes are plugged with cement , so fluid and gas ca n’t typically push up inside the pipes .
Instead , a typical blowout surges up a channel around the piping .
The narrow space between the well walls and the piping is usually filled with cement , so there is no pathway for a blowout .
But if the cement or broken piping leaves enough space , a surge can rise to the surface .
ADVERTISEMENT
There , at the wellhead of exploratory wells , sits the massive steel contraption known as a blowout preventer .
It can snuff a blowout by squeezing rubber seals tightly around the pipes with up to 1 million pounds of force .
If the seals fail , the blowout preventer deploys a last line of defense : a set of rams that can slice right through the pipes and cap the blowout .
Deepwater Horizon was also equipped with an automated backup system called a Deadman .
It should have activated the blowout preventer even if workers could not .
Based on the interviews with rig workers , none of those safeguards worked .
___
Associated Press writers Cain Burdeau , Vicki Smith and Ray Henry in Louisiana , Jeff Donn in Boston , Michael Graczyk in Houston and Noaki Schwartz in Los Angeles contributed to this report .
ADVERTISEMENT
Mochila insert follows …
Big Oil is holding its breath .
BP 's shares are in steep decline after the debacle in the Gulf of Mexico .
Barack Obama , the American people and the global environmental community are outraged , and now the company stands to lose the rights to drill for oil in the Arctic and other ecologically sensitive places .
The gulf disaster may cost it a few billion dollars , but so what ?
When annual profits for a company often run to tens of billions , the cost of laying 5,000 miles of booms , or spraying millions of gallons of dispersants and settling 100,000 court cases is not much more than missing a few months ' production .
It 's awkward , but it can easily be passed on .
The oil industry 's image is seriously damaged , but it can pay handsomely to greenwash itself , just as it managed after Exxon Valdez , Brent Spar and the Ken Saro - Wiwa public relations disasters .
In a few years ' time , this episode will probably be forgotten – just another blip in the fortunes of the industry that fuels the world .
But the oil companies are nervous now because the spotlight has been turned on their cavalier attitude to pollution and on the sheer incompetence of an industry that is used to calling the shots .
Big Oil 's real horror was not the spillage , which was common enough , but because it happened so close to the US .
Millions of barrels of oil are spilled , jettisoned or wasted every year without much attention being paid .
If this accident had occurred in a developing country , say off the west coast of Africa or Indonesia , BP could probably have avoided all publicity and escaped starting a clean - up for many months .
It would not have had to employ booms or dispersants , and it could have ignored the health effects on people and the damage done to fishing .
It might have eventually been taken to court and could have been fined a few million dollars , but it would probably have appealed and delayed a court decision for a decade or more .
Big
Oil is usually a poor country 's most powerful industry , and is generally allowed to act like a parallel government .
In many countries it simply pays off the judges , the community leaders , the lawmakers and the ministers , and it expects environmentalists and local people to be powerless .
Mostly it gets away with it .
What the industry dreads more than anything else is being made fully accountable to developing countries for the mess it has made and the oil it has spilt in the forests , creeks , seas and deserts of the world .
There are more than 2,000 major spillage sites in the Niger delta that have never been cleaned up ; there are vast areas of the Colombian , Ecuadorian and Peruvian Amazon that have been devastated by spillages , the dumping of toxic materials and blowouts .
Rivers and wells in Venezuela , Angola , Chad , Gabon , Equatorial Guinea , Uganda and Sudan have been badly polluted .
Occidental , BP , Chevron , Shell and most other oil companies together face hundreds of outstanding lawsuits .
Ecuador alone is seeking $ 30 bn from Texaco .
The only reason oil costs $ 70 - $ 100 a barrel today , and not $ 200 , is because the industry has managed to pass on the real costs of extracting the oil .
If the developing world applied the same pressure on the companies as Obama and the US senators are now doing , and if the industry were forced to really clean up the myriad messes it causes , the price would jump and the switch to clean energy would be swift .
If the billions of dollars of annual subsidies and the many tax breaks the industry gets were withdrawn , and the cost of protecting oil companies in developing countries were added , then most of the world 's oil would almost certainly be left in the ground .
So BP has started the “ top kill ” to stem the flow of oil still spilling from the broken well in the Gulf of Mexico in what is now officially the worst leak in US history .
There are conflicting news about the effectiveness of the measure .
The LATimes and CBSNews were the first to claim the “ top kill ” was working and has effectively stemmed the oil flow , citing Thad Allen .
That was yesterday .
Today news are a bit less enthusiastic .
Washington ’s
Blog bluntly states the strategy has failed .
Here ’s the scoop : BP ’s attempt to stop the oil spill using the “ Top Kill ” method has failed .
How do I know ?
Well , as the New York Times notes : BP officials , who along with government officials created the impression early in the day that the strategy was working , disclosed later that they had stopped pumping the night before when engineers saw that too much of the drilling fluid was escaping along with the oil .
Indeed , BP stopped pumping “ mud ” for more than 16 hours ( the material gushing out of the leaking riser did n’t stop during that time ) .
Basically , BP has failed in trying to drive enough “ mud ” down the well to provide enough weight to tamp down the oil gushing out .
It did n’t work .
( read full story )
There is something gushing from the well , that ’s true , but it looks like it ’s not ( only ) oil anymore , so in a way , even if it ’s still not completely shut , the method decreases the oil flow .
That ’s what I hope it does anyway .
So keep pumping .
If you can !
The above mentioned LA Times story has this :
Allen said one ship that was pumping fluid into the well has run out of the fluid , or “ mud , ” and that a second ship is on the way .
If they need to keep pumping to beat the oil flow , they better have enough ships available .
This could go on for a while .
At this rate they need two ships a day .
I suspect that this is why there is new material added to the mud and a modified version of the so - called “ junk - shot ” has been started .
Again Washington ’s blog :
Indeed , BP ’s “ re-starting ” Top Kill really means that Top Kill Version 1.0 was tried and failed , and now BP will try Top Kill Version 2.0 – adding “ junk ” to the mix .
I have n’t even started on the other spills .
Obviously we are seeing a different scene from the one we were used to , a single tube spilling oil and hydrates .
Now all I see is the top of some machinery which is obviously ruptured and spills brownish mud .
Where ’s the tube and how are things looking there ?
And what about the other , bigger leak ?
Matt Simmons was an energy adviser to George W. Bush , is an adviser to the Oil Depletion Analysis Centre , and is a member of the National Petroleum Council and the Council on Foreign Relations .
Simmon is chairman and CEO of Simmons & Company International , an investment bank catering to oil companies .
Simmons told Dylan Ratigan that “ there ’s another leak , much bigger , 5 to 6 miles away ” from the leaking riser and blowout preventer shown on the underwater cameras : ( read all )
I cannot say if that ’s the case , let alone what has caused that other leak .
I do not support the author ’s conclusion that this was an old problem that BP had covered up , however .
Why would oil find it ’s way to the surface only after the oil rig explosion and not from an older leak .
So I let this story stand for you to decide .
The situation is so bad that a seasoned politician Charlie Melancon ( D - La ) ca n’t hold his tears back when he tries to report on it .
I ’m sure he was able to get a proper tour of the real damage , not the whitewashed scenario that we , the great unwashed , are being served by MSM .
There still are many inconsistencies in the stories we ’re told and I am adamant we are being lied to , big time .
The newest rumor has it , the Navy will drop a ship on the well to close it when the top kill scheme would n’t work .
As a commenter on this story rightly points out :
And if it does n’t pinch off the flow ?
Now we got 80,000 tons of steel obscuring any view of the problem .
As I have said before .
This problem is so huge , nobody really knows what to do about it .
And I just hope this Hail Mary Pass works , because the damage is far too big already and nobody in their right minds would wish for more .
( Unless they are commenters on redstate )
There are news adding up , that cover BP ’s behaviour before the explosion and none of them very favourable to the company .
The latest :
The explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig that precipitated the vast Gulf of Mexico oil spill came after the well was capped with a relatively cheap type of casing , BP papers have revealed .
The decision to use the riskier method to finish its Macondo well was taken partly on cost grounds , according to the document .
In the days before the blast , the oil giant selected a casing that provided only a single layer of protection to prevent gas from leaking into the well , according the details obtained by The New York Times from a Congressional investigator .
( read more )
A bottom line is a bottom line after all .
There was a power struggle on board of the Deepwater Horizon rig on the day of the blast , truthout reports :
Wednesday ’s government hearing in Louisiana , however , failed to determine why — despite unusual pressure and fluid readings on the rig — a BP official decided on the day of the explosion to proceed with removing heavy drilling fluid from the well and replacing it with lighter - weight seawater that was unable to prevent gas from surging to the surface and exploding .
Employees and experts testified that in the hours before the explosion , they witnessed a power struggle over that decision — the kind of argument common among the different parties that lease and run complicated offshore drilling operations , but one that this time , had deadly consequences .
( read more )
While I was assembling this information a look at the live camera shows some darker stuff coming out of the broken wellhead again .
I suspect it ’s oil .
So Washington ’s blog was right after all ?
More Links :
Crooks &Liars : Cousteau ’s grandson : “ This is a nightmare ”
The Oildrum : Thorough reporting on all aspects of the spill , and with much more technical insight than I will ever be able to give you .
The Guardian : A number of well researched and swiftly updated reports , understandable for the technologically challenged like me , too .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Regulators are considering an inquiry into whether Apple Inc violates antitrust law by requiring that its programing tools be used to write applications for the iPad and iPhone , a source familiar with the matter said on Monday .
The news comes amidst a high - profile dustup between Apple and Adobe Systems Inc , which makes the widely used Flash software to provide video and build games .
Although Flash is nearly ubiquitous on the Internet , Apple calls it a balky battery hog and Apple Chief Executive Steve Jobs will not allow Flash on the iPhone or iPad , or as a tool to build apps on those devices .
Apple has sold more than 50 million iPhones since its debut in 2007 , and 1 million iPads since its April 3 debut .
The devices ’ popularity means extra scrutiny about every Apple move related to the smartphone platform .
Both the Federal Trade Commission and the Justice Department enforce U.S. antitrust law , and no decision has been made on which may take the probe on Apple , said the source , who spoke privately for business reasons .
The New York Post first reported regulators ’ interest in Apple ’s policy .
The paper reported that the two agencies were locked in negotiations over which would handle the inquiry , and a decision was expected shortly .
“ What they ’re ( Apple ) doing is clearly anticompetitive ...
They want one superhighway and they ’re the tollkeeper on that superhighway , ” said David Balto , a former FTC policy director .
Apple , Adobe and the Justice Department declined to comment .
The FTC did not respond to a request for a comment .
Apple has recently come under scrutiny from U.S. regulators for other reasons .
Under pressure from the FTC , Google CEO Eric Schmidt stepped down from Apple ’s board of directors last year .
TECHNOLOGY WAR
After months of sniping at one another , the feud between Apple and Adobe broke into the open last week , when Jobs published an open letter where he slammed Flash as unsuitable for mobile devices .
Jobs called Flash “ closed and proprietary ” because Adobe controls the technology -- charges that have also been levied at Apple over the iPhone platform , which is also used for the iPad .
Apple has prohibited software developers from using Flash
-- and other programing languages -- to build apps for its newest iPhone platform , so these companies must use Apple - approved tools and custom - build their programs , which adds extra cost and work .
Apple said allowing third - party tools would result in “ sub - standard ” apps .
But critics say the company is abusing its position .
“ For us and the whole developers community , it really locks us into a single platform , ” said Michael Chang , chief executive of mobile ad network Greystripe , of Apple ’s rules .
Chang said a basic iPhone app might cost $ 75,000 to build on Flash , and a few thousand dollars more to convert it to work on Google Inc ’s Android mobile platform .
But with the new restrictions , a developer must spend another $ 75,000 to build the app from the ground up for a non-Apple platform .
“ For a small or medium - sized company , it becomes a real financial issue , and that ’s how it becomes anticompetitive , ” he said .
The iPhone has generated huge interest from app developers , who have created more than 200,000 programs , or apps , for the platform .
Developers get 70 percent of the revenue they earn , while Apple takes 30 percent .
One developer , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , said Apple ’s new app development rules were just “ incredibly broad .
The fact that you ca n’t use any other tools to build your app is just ridiculous . ”
But he acknowledged that apps built using Apple ’s tool look and run better than those built with third - party technology .
Simon Buckingham of the app blog Appitalism argued that developers could write for the Apple platform and other platforms easily using a WebKit open source browser standard .
“ What they ’re ( Apple critics ) trying to do is make a mountain out of a molehill , ” he said .
A La Crosse man suspected of underage drinking is accused of fleeing a traffic stop with a police officer inside his vehicle .
An Onalaska officer said he could smell alcohol after pulling over Ryan Lichtie about 12:40 a.m. Saturday for driving through a stop sign at Vilas Street and 10th Avenue North in Onalaska , according to a police report .
While being arrested , Lichtie , 19 , managed to get back into his car , police said .
One officer grabbed his arm , then a second officer jumped into the vehicle on the driver ’s side , the report stated .
Lichtie drove about 1 1/2 blocks at about 10 to 15 mph with the officer on top of him , according to the report , then stopped and attempted to kick and punch the officer .
The other officer caught up with the vehicle and hit Lichtie with a Taser in the lower abdomen when he continued to fight , the report stated .
He was taken to Gundersen Lutheran Medical Center after hyperventilating .
Lichtie was arrested on suspicion of recklessly endangering safety , escape , fleeing , obstructing , failure to comply with an officer ’s attempt to take a person into custody , six counts of bail jumping , underage consumption and failure to stop at a stop sign .
He had been out on $ 450 cash bond in a March misdemeanor case that accuses him of charging a La Crosse police officer while intoxicated .
Lichtie “ does n’t have two brain cells between his ears ” when drinking , La Crosse County Circuit Judge Ramona Gonzalez said during his brief court appearance Monday .
Lichtie will return to court May 11 .
In real estate , I address the needs of residential and commercial transactions , foreclosure defense and real estate litigation .
I know that real estate is often the most significant investment a person makes in life .
I will ensure that your purchase or sale progresses smoothly , I ’ll work to resolve a dispute or help you understand your options if you face foreclosure .
Researchers from Keele University ’s School of Psychology have determined that swearing can have a ‘ pain - lessening effect ’ , according to new study published in the journal NeuroReport .
While swearing is often a common response to pain , Dr Richard Stephens and his colleagues , John Atkins and Andrew Kingston , were surprised to discover that no links had been established between swearing and the actual experience of physical pain .
Since swearing often has a ‘ catastrophising ’ or exaggerating effect , serving to embellish or overstate the severity of pain , Stephens and his team hypothesised that swearing would actually decrease the individual ’s tolerance of pain .
The Ice Water Test
Enlisting the help of 64 undergraduate volunteers , the team set out to test their theory .
Each individual was asked to submerge their hand in a tub of ice water for as long as possible while repeating a swear word of their choice ; they were then asked to repeat the experiment , this time using a more commonplace word that they would use to describe a table .
Despite their initial expectations , the researchers found that the volunteers were able to keep their hands submerged in the ice water for a longer period of time when repeating the swear word , establishing a link between swearing and an increase in pain tolerance .
Fight - Or-Flight Response
While it is n’t clear how or why this link exists , the team believes that the pain - lessening effect occurs because swearing triggers our natural ‘ fight - or - flight ’ response .
They suggest that the accelerated heart rates of the volunteers repeating the swear word may indicate an increase in aggression , in a classic fight - or - flight response of ‘ downplaying feebleness in favour of a more pain - tolerant machismo . ’
What is clear is that swearing triggers not only an emotional response , but a physical one too , which may explain why the centuries - old practice of cursing developed and still persists today .
Dr Richard Stephens said : “ Swearing has been around for centuries and is an almost universal human linguistic phenomenon .
It taps into emotional brain centres and appears to arise in the right brain , whereas most language production occurs in the left cerebral hemisphere of the brain .
Our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists . ”
Charles Avery ( b. 1973 , Oban , Scotland , based London , UK ) - 1 : Untitled ( Duculi 5 ) , 2013 Sculptures : Bronze 2 : Untitled ( Hyperbolic ) , 2013 Card , Paper , Bronze , Acrylics , Gouache , Watercolors 3 : Untitled ( Cartesian ) , 2012 Bronze , Acrylic Bar , Gouache , Paper Mache 4 : Untitled ( L’Escargot Quadrato ) , 2013 Cardboard , Bronze , Nickel Plated Brass , Acrylic Paint , Acrylic Rod , Gouache , L.E.D 5 : Untitled ( Sea Monster ) , 2012 Two Horses , Python , Lama , Wallaby , Cub , Copper Tubing , Resin , Fabric 6 : Untitled ( Boogie - Woogie ) , 2013 Card , Paper , Bronze , Acrylics , Gouache 7 : Untitled ( Jadindagadendar , Tree No. 4 ) , 2013 Black Stainless Steel , Aluminium , Blue , Yellow , Red Acrylic Rods 8 : Untitled ( Tree No. 2 For The Jadindagadendar ) , 2012 Aluminum , Silver Plated Nickel , Hammerite 9 : Untitled ( Aleph Head ) , 2009 Plaster 10 : Progressionist , 2014 White Patinated Bronze , and Card
A Little FYI For The New Followers
Hello !
I ’m happy to see you !
Here is some info I think you will find useful :
1 . This has nothing to do with that Instagram account .
I ’m guessing you found it through that ?
2 . The blog has moved to the more inclusive Everybody Reading Books .
3 . However , specifically tagged photos of Hot Guys reading can be found here .
If you have more questions , feel free to ask me on twitter .
Love ,
Alli
Image caption Researchers said most children lied
Toddlers who tell lies early on are more likely to do well later , researchers claim .
The complex brain processes involved in formulating a lie are an indicator of a child 's early intelligence , they add .
A Canadian study of 1,200 children aged two to 17 suggests those who are able to lie have reached an important developmental stage .
Only a fifth of two - year - olds tested in the study were able to lie .
But at age four , 90 % were capable of lying , the study found .
The rate increases with age to a peak at age 12 .
' Developmental milestone '
The director of the Institute of Child Study at Toronto University , Dr Kang Lee , said : " Parents should not be alarmed if their child tells a fib .
" Their children are not going to turn out to be pathological liars .
Almost all children lie .
" It is a sign that they have reached a new developmental milestone .
" Those who have better cognitive development lie because they can cover up their tracks . "
This was because they had developed the ability to carry out a complex juggling act which involves keeping the truth at the back of their brains .
He added : " They even make bankers in later life . "
Dr Kang tested the children 's honesty by telling them not to peek at a toy placed behind their backs while leaving the room .
He then monitored their reactions by video and returned to ask if they had turned around , checking their responses against the recording .
Tactical ACU MOLLE Cheese Holster
I was emailed that today but told the source was “ private ” because it was on a paid forum : roll : .
I am a huge cheese fanatic , so I thought it was worth sharing regardless .
If I had to guess the type of cheese I ’d have to say it looks like asiago , a delicious cheese definitely worthy of its own custom pouch in a tactical loadout .
Yahoo Sports Videos
After leading the Lakers to a Game 1 win in the 2020 NBA Finals , the Los Angeles star explained why he thought back to a devastating loss in the 2011 championship series that cost ultimately cost him a title .
We use this blog as a vehicle to highlight many of our big ideas and discoveries .
Today we ’re pleased to share with you Stephen Wolfram ‘s talk from the 2010 TED Conference in Long Beach , California , where he talked about the tools and methods he ’s spent the last 30 years developing in his quest to explore computational knowledge .
TED , an organization devoted to bringing together the technology , entertainment , and design industries ’ most innovative thinkers to present “ Ideas Worth Sharing ” , recently shared Stephen ’s ideas with the world as a “ TED Talk of the Day ” .
In the signature 18 - minute video , Stephen discusses how his lifelong scientific pursuits led to the development of Mathematica , A New Kind of Science , and the computational knowledge engine Wolfram| Alpha .
He continues , asking new questions and proposing a fourth project — discovering our physical universe through our computational universe .
“ Will we find the whole of physics ?
I do n’t know for sure .
But I think at this point it ’s sort of almost embarrassing not to at least try . ”
— Stephen Wolfram
Click to view the transcript and slides from Stephen ’s talk .
Texas lawyer Carolyn Barnes , 53 , allegedly did not want to answer the ten questions on the census form in a big way .
She is accused of firing a gun at Kathleen Gittel , a census worker , five times when she came to her door .
Barnes has had a rather lengthy history of run-ins with the law and I do not mean as an advocate .
Barnes was previously arrested in December 2009 for trying to bring a knife into Herman Sweatt Courthouse .
She was also previously arrested for bail jumping , making terroristic threats , and coercion of a public servant to just name a few .
That last charge stems from January when Barnes was arrested in Austin after she was accused of striking a deputy at the Travis County Courthouse .
That charge is still pending .
She was charged with assaulting a public servant , a third - degree felony punishable by up to 10 years behind bars .
The case is pending .
She is now booked on a charge of assault with a deadly weapon .
Barnes practices in the area of medical malpractice and surprisingly has no listed Bar actions against her .
On her website , she promises “ [ w ] e do not bully or browbeat our clients into doing things our way .
Our relationships are built upon mutual respect , mutual trust , and mutual concern for the advancement of true health and wellness for everyone in our society . ”
She is a graduate of Texas Lutheran College ( B. A. ) , University of Texas School of Law ( J.D. , 1984 ) , and attended University of Texas Graduate School of Business .
She also has an affiliation with Native Healing ( listed as helping others to discover their potential ) and ABEL Wellness ( listed as offering healthy alternatives to drugs and surgery ) .
For the full story , click here .
In the meantime , a census worker stands accused of assaulting a citizen in Indiana .
Daniel Miller , 39 , is accused of raping a 21 - year - old disabled woman after forcing his way into her home during a census visit , here .
He was not hard to find : he left his wallet with his driver ’s license in the woman ’s bedroom .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
Mexican President Felipe Calderon has accused Arizona of opening the door " to intolerance , hate , discrimination and abuse in law enforcement . "
But Arizona has nothing on Mexico when it comes to cracking down on illegal aliens .
While open - borders activists decry new enforcement measures signed into law in " Nazi- zona " last week , they remain deaf , dumb or willfully blind to the unapologetically restrictionist policies of our neighbors to the south .
The Arizona law bans sanctuary cities that refuse to enforce immigration laws , stiffens penalties against illegal alien day laborers and their employers , makes it a misdemeanor for immigrants to fail to complete and carry an alien registration document , and allows the police to arrest immigrants unable to show documents proving they are in the U.S. legally .
If those rules constitute the racist , fascist , xenophobic , inhumane regime that the National Council of La Raza , Al Sharpton , Catholic bishops and their grievance - mongering followers claim , then what about these regulations and restrictions imposed on foreigners ?
-- The Mexican government will bar foreigners if they upset " the equilibrium of the national demographics . "
How 's that for racial and ethnic profiling ?
--
If outsiders do not enhance the country 's " economic or national interests " or are " not found to be physically or mentally healthy , " they are not welcome .
Neither are those who show " contempt against national sovereignty or security . "
They must not be economic burdens on society and must have clean criminal histories .
Those seeking to obtain Mexican citizenship must show a birth certificate , provide a bank statement proving economic independence , pass an exam and prove they can provide their own health care .
-- Illegal entry into the country is equivalent to a felony punishable by two years ' imprisonment .
Document fraud is subject to fine and imprisonment ; so is alien marriage fraud .
Evading deportation is a serious crime ; illegal re-entry after deportation is punishable by ten years ' imprisonment .
Foreigners may be kicked out of the country without due process and the endless bites at the litigation apple that illegal aliens are afforded in our country ( see , for example , President Obama 's illegal alien aunt -- a fugitive from deportation for eight years who is awaiting a second decision on her previously rejected asylum claim ) .
-- Law enforcement officials at all levels -- by national mandate -- must cooperate to enforce immigration laws , including illegal alien arrests and deportations .
The Mexican military is also required to assist in immigration enforcement operations .
Native - born Mexicans are empowered to make citizens ' arrests of illegal aliens and turn them in to authorities .
-- Ready to show your papers ?
Mexico's National Catalog of Foreigners tracks all outside tourists and foreign nationals .
A National Population Registry tracks and verifies the identity of every member of the population , who must carry a citizens ' identity card .
Visitors who do not possess proper documents and identification are subject to arrest as illegal aliens .
All of these provisions are enshrined in Mexico 's Ley General de Población ( General Law of the Population ) and were spotlighted in a 2006 research paper published by the Washington , D.C. - based Center for Security Policy .
There 's been no public clamor for " comprehensive immigration reform " in Mexico , however , because pro-illegal alien speech by outsiders is prohibited .
Consider : Open - borders protesters marched freely at the Capitol building in Arizona , comparing GOP Gov. Jan Brewer to Hitler , waving Mexican flags , advocating that demonstrators " Smash the State , " and holding signs that proclaimed " No human is illegal " and " We have rights . "
But under the Mexican constitution , such political speech by foreigners is banned .
Noncitizens cannot " in any way participate in the political affairs of the country . "
In fact , a plethora of Mexican statutes enacted by its congress limit the participation of foreign nationals and companies in everything from investment , education , mining and civil aviation to electric energy and firearms .
Foreigners have severely limited private property and employment rights ( if any ) .
As for abuse , the Mexican government is notorious for its abuse of Central American illegal aliens who attempt to violate Mexico 's southern border .
The Red Cross has protested rampant Mexican police corruption , intimidation and bribery schemes targeting illegal aliens there for years .
Mexico did n't respond by granting mass amnesty to illegal aliens , as it is demanding that we do .
It clamped down on its borders even further .
In late 2008 , the Mexican government launched an aggressive deportation plan to curtain illegal Cuban immigration and human trafficking through Cancun .
Meanwhile , Mexican consular offices in the United States have coordinated with left - wing social justice groups and the Catholic Church leadership to demand a moratorium on all deportations and a freeze on all employment raids across America .
Mexico is doing the job Arizona is now doing -- a job the U.S. government has failed miserably to do : putting its people first .
Here 's the proper rejoinder to all the hysterical demagogues in Mexico ( and their sympathizers here on American soil ) now calling for boycotts and invoking Jim Crow laws , apartheid and the Holocaust because Arizona has taken its sovereignty into its own hands :
Hipócritas .
By -
Yesterday , I logged into the Dashboard of my WordPress account and was shocked to see everything messed up .
And I did n’t know the reason , because I did not make any changes to the theme or the core files for the last one week .
After some investigation I saw a script in the page source , and the script was something like : http://kdjkfjskdfjlskdjf.com/js.php and sometimes the dashboard is being redirected to Bing with a search query , “ Free Virus Scan “ .
I checked the theme files of the blog , and there was some 100 - 150 lines of malicious code injected into each and every single page of the blog .
I started Googling for this solution , I came to know that 200 + WordPress blogs are attacked on 14th April , 2010 .
I found a solution for how to clean this base64 virus for Goddady users .
But after executing that code , I can still find the traces of malicious code .
I wrote a quick mail to Amit Agarwal of labnol and Amit of AmitBhawani , both of them suggested to install a clean copy of the core files .
Before Performing this Action : I recommend you to download each and every * file to your PC .
[ ad # Google Adsense 336 ]
So I finally decided to reinstall the whole blog .
I ’ve checked the database , but the database is unaffected .
I started backing up the database , because if anything goes wrong , the data will be save and can be retrieved at anytime .
You can use a plugin or you can directly perform a backup from the cPanel .
I recommend to do both .
Download the images folder to your PC with your FTP Client ( I use FileZilla ) .
I downloaded the posts , pages , comments , custom fields , categories , and tags by using the Export option in the Tools menu .
Then save the list of plugins in a notepad file .
Save your theme widgets , Save your theme files * ,
So that they can be restored after reinstalling the blog , as it is easy to remove the code from the theme files .
Then I started the uninstalling process of the WordPress application .
It will ask to delete the database , but do n’t* delete the database now .
After the uninstalling process is completed , Check your Web Server for any files or folders , if anything is left which you did n’t upload just delete them .
FOR GODADDY USERS * : DO NOT DELETE STATS FOLDER .
Now install the fresh WordPress application .
Till then everything has gone fine .
Then I logged into the dashboard and started Importing process by Tools > Import > WordPress .
All the posts , pages , comments , custom fields , categories , and tags are imported successfully .
Then I uploaded the images to Web Server .
Then I uploaded the Theme files .
Make sure you remove all the malicious code in every * file .
After installing the theme , I started uploading plugins , you must * download the plugins freshly and upload them through your FTP Client to your plugins folder , by default it is wp - content / plugins .
You can also upload them using the plugins uploader in your dashboard but it is painful and time killing process .
So , I recommend to upload through your FTP Client .
After completing the upload process , go to Plugins >
Installed then select all the plugins and click on Activate from the checklist .
Your WordPress blog is ready with a new life .
I have done this process because I will get all the new files without any mal - functioning of the scripts .
The whole process took about 1.5 hr .
Do n’t forget to generate a VERY Strong Password this time for FTP Server as well as the Admin Panel .
UPDATE : If you have any problem doing this , Contact me at : sandeep [ @ ] gadgetcage [.] com .
I ’m ready to help you 🙂
The mother of slain rapper Tupac Shakur will appear in a Robeson County courtroom next month on charges related to an April 16 drug arrest .
Afeni Shakur Davis , 63 , of 2630 E. 77 St. in Lumberton , faces one count each of felony possession of marijuana , simple possession of a controlled substance and maintaining a vehicle , dwelling or place for a controlled substance .
She is out of jail on a $ 10,000 bond and is expected to appear in court May 10 , authorities said Tuesday .
Shakur was fatally shot Sept. 7 , 1996 , in a drive - by shooting in Las Vegas .
The case has never been solved .
Davis , a former political activist and former member of the Black Panther Party , later founded the Tupac Amaru Shakur Foundation for students interested in performing arts .
The foundation is funded by the profit from her son's unreleased works .
Posted May 12 , 2010 by papadurbin in Uncategorized .
99 Comments
SPOILER ALERT !!!!!
Loads of info in this episode of LOST .
So much so that I am completely caught up on the series ( brushes dust off hands ) .
Excellent .
To be fair , this might not have been an episode of LOST .
It seemed more like the Truman Show made love to Lord of the Flies , put on Step Brothers pants then took a Flinstones vitamin .
The only similarities are that it was on an island .
And Jacob was in it .
And Sad Day Monster showed up .
Which , in hindsight , seems like a fair amount of similarities .
If you ’ve seen the episode then I do n’t have to tell you that the title of the first half of this episode should have been “ Innuendo ” or “ Double Entendre ” .
If you have n’t seen the episode then might I direct you to the spoiler alert above .
You want to keep going ?
Kudos .
Anyway , I think they switched writers / directors / key grips at around the midway point because they realized they were getting dangerously close to making the kind of show you have to go to the back of the video store to purchase .
I ’m a little nervous reviewing this since I will probably make R rated jokes .
We ’ll see what we can do …
Overall What Is Happening
Alright .
So. Allison Janney lived on this island .
She drinks invincible wine ( Boone ’s Farm ) so she can protect the light on the island .
A couple of twins ( not Joe Mauer and Michael Cuddyer ) wash ashore inside a pregnant lady .
Allison kills their mom and raises them and eventually hooks Jacob up with the magical strawberry wine so he can protect the light .
The light turns people into Sad Day Monster .
Which is to say , it makes them awesome .
One twin is evil , one is not .
They wear clothes to match their hair color .
Which is going to start a whole nature / nurture debate in sociological circles .
Oh , and for some reason they can’t leave the island and for an even stranger reason they are n’t allowed to hurt each other .
Even though Jacob wailed on Sad Day Monster a couple times and even killed him .
So… ya know … that completely contradicts one of the key points of this television series .
Not real sure how this affects what is going on on the island in present day .
We did get a nice cameo from Jack and Kate post love making though .
More Detailed Episode Recap
A black haired lady washes ashore on an island .
While panning , we see a hot air balloon basket , so she probably ( wisely ) hopped out before her hot air balloon crashed .
She ’s pregnant although the way she keeps holding her “ stomach ” and moving it around , I think she might just be smuggling pillows .
She comes across an older woman who looks so much like Allison Janney that we can just call her Allison Janney since they never gave her another name .
Allison helps
Preggy back to her cave where she makes tapestries .
Preggy says there must be other people on the island and wants to go looking .
Allison says “ no dice ” to her and that she does all the looking for people because she does n’t want any competition if there are cute boys .
Preggy goes into labor and Allison looks way too excited to deliver this baby .
A clean ( not bloody like most ) baby comes out and does n’t make a sound .
Preggy says his name is Jacob .
Ooooooooh , I get it .
This is a background episode .
Wait .
Why ?
Was n’t there going to be a huge fight ?
Meanwhile , Preggy still has a huuuuge belly and she and Allison are shocked when another baby is on it ’s way .
Apparently the still pregnant belly was n’t a clue that there might be something else in there .
The second baby cries a lot when he is born .
He must be evil .
Preggy does n’t have a name for him .
So let ’s pick one right now .
I ’m going to name him Cecil .
Done .
That was easy .
Meanwhile Allison gives
Preggy the business end of a rock to the skull .
So she ’s dead .
Allison ’s going to regret this when she finds out what a handful twins can be .
We then get a close up of the babies .
Evil baby has a lot of goo or shampoo or something on his head .
How bout we wipe that off for him ?
Maybe it ’s why he ’s crying so much .
No ?
Just gonna stare at him ?
Fair enough .
Some years pass and now the boys are about 13 .
One of the little towers at the end of The Fifth Element washes ashore and a kid in black clothes picks up .
He ’s joined by a kid in yellow clothes .
Uh oh .
I hope this is n’t turning into a homoerotic version of Return to the Blue Lagoon .
But since they ’re wearing outfits that match their hair color , I have little confidence it is not .
The thing that washed ashore is a game .
So they play it .
Jacob is a total suck up and tells the mom about the game .
Dunno why .
It ’s just a game .
So she goes to the beach to be a killjoy .
Is Justin Beiber playing this kid ?
Or is it the kid who played Anakin Skywalker ?
At the beach , the mom admits leaving the game for him .
Um. K .
Then they get into a philosophical debate about what ’s outside the island ( nothing ) and where they all came from ( the island ) .
Nietzsche is underwhelmed .
She also tells Cecil ( Evil Beiber ) that he does n’t need to worry about dying .
I was hoping he would yell “ Sweet ! ” then run straight off a cliff to test it .
But he did n’t .
Cecil and Jacob are out hunting a pig .
Or the monster from Lord of the Flies .
I ’m not real sure .
Some other dudes kill the pig .
Since they ’re tattletales they go running to mommy to tell her that some guys out hunted them .
Sore losers .
Allison tells them there are other people on the island .
Cecil demands to know why she has n’t told him .
He goes all hormonal rage on her and so she agrees to show them their purpose , even though it is a little too soon .
She blindfolds them and is marching them through the jungle .
I suspect she ’s going to “ solve ” her “ problem ” by shooting them in the back of “ the ” head .
I ’m wrong .
They have an awkward conversation on the walk where Allison goes all Miss Havisham and tells the boys that all men are evil .
When asked why , she says because they come and destroy things .
Pretty weak answer .
She also has made it so the boys ca n’t hurt each other .
Au contraire , mu fraire .
First , she is wrong physically ( as we will see ) .
Secondly , can they hurt each emotionally ?
She takes them to a Willy Wonka tunnel where a bunch of light is emanating .
She tells them this is why they are here .
I thought it was because a pregnant lady was in a shipwreck .
They have to make sure no one ever finds it .
Then you might want to toss one of your blankets over it because that light is pretty obvious .
especially at night .
She also says one of them will have to protect the island .
I bet I know who .
They ’re playing that game again and Cecil sees a hot chick ( his mom , which he does n’t know yet ) and says he needs to go to the beach .
That ’s code for a cold shower because this is the first woman he has seen that is n’t Allison .
He follows her and his real mom says she will show him where he came from .
Literally ?
Because I think there ’s laws about showing that to a 13 year old .
Luckily for the overworked court system , Preggy takes Cecil to an area where there are a bunch of people with huts instead .
They got here around the same time he was born in a shipwreck .
That night Cecil sneaks out and tries to get Jacob to come with him .
I think Ryan Phillipe might be playing young Jacob .
That dude does n’t age .
For some reason mama ’s boy does n’t want to leave and flips out and re-enacts A Christmas Story on Cecil .
He hurts him pretty good .
Contrary to earlier beliefs it is impossible for them to hurt each other , Cecil is pretty banged up .
Allison comes out and breaks it up .
No word on whether Jacob lost his glasses .
Cecil gets fired up and says he ’ll get off the island one day and he ’ll prove it .
I side with Cecil .
I know he ’s wearing black so that means he ’s evil .
But I really think he is the good guy here .
I want him to get off the island .
Maybe he should try building a boat .
Later there is a reproduction of the Stars Wars scene where Luke looks at three suns on Tatooine .
Only this is on a beach .
And it ’s a lady .
And there ’s only one sun .
And there ’s no sand people .
So to rephrase , Allison is on a beach .
Jacob comes up and starts begging for attention .
She says she needed to keep them away from the other people on the island so he could stay good .
Jacob asks why she loves Cecil more than him .
Her response : “ I love you in different ways .
You maternally , him sexually . ”
She did n’t actually say that , but you know that ’s what she was thinking .
To no one ’s surprise , Jacob grows into a 30 year old man who sews and lives with his mother .
He still meets Cecil to play games .
During one rousing game of Obvious Metaphor , Cecil throws his knife and it gets stuck to something with magnetism .
His peeps have been digging around and found a way off the island .
Jacob does n’t want to leave because it is home .
He gets home and Allison is shaving her legs .
Mommy ’s going out tonight .
Make sure to close your door and be asleep by 1 am , Jacob .
She hears through the grapevine that Cecil knows how to get off the island .
Being a killjoy , she goes to stop it .
Cecil is having a BBQ in the bottom of a well when Allison shows up to rain on his parade .
Cecil tells her that he has a contraption that when the light is going and water gets filtered through it he will be able to get off the island .
She asks how he knows it will work .
Yeah .
Me too .
You sure you do n’t want to just try building a boat ?
He responds he knows because he is special .
She goes in for make out and then slams his head up against the wall .
He should feel ashamed considering how much stronger he is than her .
Allison goes back to Jacob and tells him it is time to explain what Lost is about .
They get to the light tunnel and she says “ You ’re going to protect it .
With this single torch .
It is the life , death , rebirth , cliches down there .
It ’s the life source of the island .
Do n’t ever go down there , it ’s worse than dying .
Like dedicating 100 hours to figuring something out , only to have it conveniently summed up in a 5 minute sequence .
Here ’s a bottle of wine you can use as an analogy for when you have to explain the island to people .
Drink the wine to take responsibility for the island .
No , it ’s not like Catholicism wine , it ’s just wine . ”
Jacob is stunted in his growth both emotionally and psychology because he has been isolated on an island with his mother and brother for 30 years so he reverts back to his 13 year old self and refuses at first .
He eventually agrees and drinks .
Dramatic music scores the sequence and I like to think that at least one violinist rolled his eyes while they were recording .
After he drinks , his mom says “ Now you and I are one in the same . ”
Gross .
Cecil wakes up with mud clogging his well ( not a euphemism ) .
He sees some smoke , so he runs to what he hopes will be a bon fire .
Turns out his village was burned and his people were killed .
Seems a little extreme to me .
His game is ok though , so we ’ll call this one a win .
Allison sends Jacob to get some firewood .
Before separating she says “ be careful ” .
I ’ve seen enough cop movies to know what happens next .
She gets to the village and finds the light and dark stones from the game .
Just in case no one was clear that this is about opposites .
Cecil stabs her in the back .
Called it ( just like 2,000,000 other people did ) .
While wounded they have a chit chat .
She thanks him for stabbing her .
No sweat .
Then she does a middle school theatre death and instantly dies .
Add this to the list of “ abdomen stabbing ” deaths that have been occurring this season .
The count is pretty high right now .
Jacob finds Cecil and his dead “ mother ” .
Wails on him .
Takes him to the light .
Taunts him before knocking him out and floating him into the tunnel .
So much for not being able to hurt each other .
Once in the tunnel some stuff happens and then Cecil emerges as Sad Day Monster .
Hooray !
He ’s awesome now !
Jacob later finds his corpse and takes it home .
He decides to play Weekend at Bernie ’s and makes his mom and Cecil ’s corpses do people things .
Like hold hands .
Jacob needs to get off that island .
Thoughts I Have
The black and white stones are akin to the rat at the end of The Departed .
I left out the cutaway where Jack finds the stones after lovemaking Kate from what I assume is an earlier season .
There was no need for it other than to pretend that they planned this all along .
Although it was nice that Locke showed up , switched the L in his name for a C and added blocker to the end .
Now I understand why Ben killing Jacob was such a big deal .
They should have aired this earlier .
After Mother ’s Day I forget all about moms .
They must have something awesome ready for the finale since it is so close to Memorial Day
Related : I do n’t like their mom ( Allison ) in this episode .
She was n’t nice and did n’t have a lot of reason to do what she did .
Before I took Sad Day Monster ’s side because he was cool .
Now I actually empathize with him .
China 's one - time richest man and the founder of a major retail chain was jailed for 14 years on Tuesday for bribery , insider trading and illegal business dealings , state media reported .
Huang Guangyu was also fined 600 million yuan ( $ 100 million ) and he had another 200 million yuan worth of property confiscated , the official Xinhua News Agency said .
Retailing tycoon Huang Guangyu in 2006
The brief story did not say whether others who had been charged in the case , including Huang 's wife , had also been sentenced .
The decision comes a day after a court in Shanghai rejected appeals by three former Rio Tinto employees convicted of taking bribes .
Australian former Rio employee Stern
Hu , who decided not to appeal against his sentence , faces 10 years in jail , while the other three face between seven and 14 years behind bars .
Media Molecule is taking a big step with the sequel to its critically acclaimed side scrolling platformer , LittleBigPlanet .
According to the first set of details ( via Neogaf ) which will be available in the June issue of gameinformer magazine , Little Big Planet 2 will be less of a platformer and more of a platform for creating games with intuitive and easy controls .
+ The game will provide players with the right set of tools for creating shooters , a racer , puzzle games , Space Invaders clones , even RPGs .
+ You are no longer limited to the game ’s stock sound effects .
You can record your own sounds and voices , attaching them to characters or objects .
Magic Mouth from the original LBP is gone
+ Creators can choose the weak points on the Sackbot , determine if it is scared of heights , and even program acting routines .
+ There are now movie editing options as well .
+ Sackbots can be drastically increased or decreased in physical size .
+ All DLC from LBP1 transfers over to LBP2 .
Including downloaded content packs , costumes , etc .
+ There is a major overhaul to the story level as well .
There ’s the same 3 - plane perspective for the story mode and the levels so far have a similar run-jump - grab platform style .
+ Storyline is not country - based like last time , but is based in periods of time
It has also been revealed that the game is set for a 2010 release exclusively on the PS3 , probably more details will be revealed at E3 .
The right wing 's been playing a desperate game of projection with the Deepwater Horizon oil spill , trying to project the incompetence of the Bush administration during Katrina onto the Obama administration .
All I can say is when a Fox News host is making Karl Rove look ridiculous and even stopped watch Joe Scarborough is calling you obscene , your talking point is n't going over so well .
I do n't know why any of them think reminding everyone about how Bush handled Katrina is going to work out well for Republicans .
Rove 's supposed to be some political genius , but he can't stand up even for a couple of minutes with anyone who 's going to call him out for his hackery .
It falls flat on its face .
I 'm sure Karl will get Hannity , Bill - O or Greta to stroke his ego and make him feel all better later .
A student came see me recently , wanting to do a Diplomarbeit ( i.e. a MSc ++ ) on a learning technique called Hierarchical Temporal Memory or HTMs .
He had very specific ideas about what he wanted , and has already worked with the algorithm in his Projektarbeit ( BSc + + ) .
I knew nothing about the approach , but remembered this reddit post , which was less than enthusiastic .
I spoke to the student and read up on the thing a bit , and it seem interesting enough .
It ’s claimed to be close the way the brain learns / recognizes patterns and to be a general model of intelligence and it will work for EVERYTHING .
This reminded me of a few other things I ’ve come across in the past years that claim to be the new Machine Learning algorithm with Capital A , i.e. the algorithm to end all other ML work , which will work on all problems , and so on .
Here is a small collection of the three most interesting ones I remembered :
Hierarchical Temporal Models
HTMs are “ invented ” by Jeff Hawkin , whose track record includes making the Palm device and platform and later the Treo .
Having your algorithm ’s PR based on the celebrity status of the inventor is not really a good sign .
The model is first presented in his book On Intelligence , which I ’ve duly bought and am currently reading .
The book is so far very interesting , although full of things like “ [ this is ] how the brain actually works “ , “ Can we build intelligent machines ? …
Yes .
We can and we will . ” , etc .
As far as I understand , the model from the book was formally analysed and became the HTM algorithm in Dileep George ‘s thesis :
How the brain might work : A hierarchical and temporal model for learning and recognition .
He applies to recognizing 32×32 pictures of various letters and objects .
The model is based on a hierarchy of sensing components , each dealing with a higher level of abstraction when processing input , the top of the hierarchy feeds into some traditional learning algorithm , such as a SVM for classification , or some clustering mechanism .
In effect , the whole HTM is a form of feature pre-processing .
The temporal aspect is introduces by the nodes observing their input ( either the raw input , or their sub- nodes ) over time , this ( hopefully ) gives rise to translation , rotation and scale invariance , as the things you are watching move around .
I say watching here , because computer - vision seems to be the main application , although it ’s of course applicable to EVERYTHING :
HTM technology has the potential to solve many difficult problems in machine learning , inference , and prediction .
Some of the application areas we are exploring with our customers include recognizing objects in images , recognizing behaviors in videos , identifying the gender of a speaker , predicting traffic patterns , doing optical character recognition on messy text , evaluating medical images , and predicting click through patterns on the web .
The guys went on to make a company called Numenta for spreading this technique , they have a ( not open - source , boo ! ) development framework you can play with .
Normalised Compression Distance
This beast goes under many names : compression based learning , compression - based dissimilarity measure , etc .
The idea is in any case to reuse compression algorithms for learning , from good old DEFLATE algorithm from zip / gzip , to algorithms specific to some data - type , like DNA .
The distance between things is then derived from how well they compress together with each other or with other data , and the distance metric can then be used for clustering , classification , anomaly detection , etc .
The whole thing is supported by the theory of Kolmogorov Complexity and Minimum Description Length , i.e. it ’s not just a hack .
I came across it back in 2003 in the Kuro5hin article Spam Filtering with gzip , back then I was very sceptical , thinking that any algorithm dedicated to doing classification MUST easily out - perform this .
What I did n’t think about is that if you use the optimal compression for your data , then it finds all patterns in the data , and this is exactly what learning is about .
Of course , gzip is pretty far from optimal , but it still works pretty well .
I am not the only one who was n’t convinced , this letter appeared in a physics journal in 2001 , and led to some heated discussion : angry comment , angry reply , etc .
A bit later , I came across this again .
Eamonn Keogh wrote
Towards parameter - free data mining in 2004 , this paper makes a stronger case for this method being simple , easy and great and applicable to EVERYTHING :
[ The Algorithm ] can be implemented using any off - the - shelf compression algorithm with the addition of just a dozen or so lines of code .
We will show that this approach is competitive or superior to the state - of - the - art approaches in anomaly / interestingness detection , classification , and clustering with empirical tests on time series / DNA / text / video datasets .
A bit later again I came across Rudi Cilibrasi ( his page is broken atm . ) thesis on Statistical Inference Through Data Compression .
He has more examples , more theory and most importantly open - source software for everything : CompLearn ( also down atm. , but there are packages in debian ) .
The method is very nice in that it makes no assumptions about the format of the input , i.e. no feature vectors or similar .
Here is a clustering tree generated from a bunch of different files types :
Markov Logic Networks
I first came across Markov Logic Networks in the paper : Automatically Refining the Wikipedia Infobox Ontology .
Here they have two intertwined problems they use machine learning to solve , firstly they want to map wikipedia category pages to WordNet Synsets , and secondly they want to arrange the wikipedia categories in a hierarhcy , i.e. by learning is - a relationships between categories .
The solve the problem in two ways , the traditional way by using training a SVM to do the WordNet mappings , and using these mappings as an additional features for training a second SVM to do the is - a learning .
This is all good , and works reasonably well , but by using Markov Logic Networks they can use joint inference to tackle both tasks at once .
This is good since the two problems are clearly not independent , and now evidence that two categories are related can feed back and improve the probability that the map to WordNet synsets that are also related .
Also , it allows different is - a relations to influence each other , i.e. if Gouda is -a Cheese is -a Food , then Gouda is probaby also a Food .
The software used in the paper is made by the people at the University of Washington , and is available as open - source : Alchemy – algorithms for statistical relational learning and probabilistic logic inference .
The system combines logical and statistical AI , building on network structures much like Bayesian belief networks , in the end it ’s a bit like Prolog programming , but with probabilities for all facts and relations , and these probabilities can be learned from data .
For example , this cheerful example about people dying of cancer , given this dependency network and some data about friends who influence each other to smoke and dying , you can estimate the probability that you smoke if your friend does and the probability that you will get cancer :
Since I am writing about it here , it is clear that this is applicable to EVERYTHING :
Markov logic serves as a general framework which can not only be used for the emerging field of statistical relational learning , but also can handle many classical machine learning tasks which many users are familiar with . [ … ]
Markov logic presents a language to handle machine learning problems intuitively and comprehensibly . [… ]
We have applied it to link prediction , collective classiﬁcation , entity resolution , social network analysis and other problems .
The others
Out of the three I think I find Markov Logic Network to be the most interesting , perhaps because it nicely bridges the symbolic and sub-symbolic AI worlds .
This was my personal problem since I cannot readily dismiss symbolic AI as a Semantic Web person , but the more I read about about kernels , conditional random fields , online - learning using gradient descent etc .
the more I realise that rule - learning and inductive logic programming probably is n’t going to catch up any time soon .
NCD is a nice hack , but I tested it on clustering RDF resources , comparing the distance measure from my thesis with gzip ’ping the RDF / XML or Turtle , and it did much worse .
HTM still strikes me as a bit over - hyped , but I will of course be sorry when the bring the intelligent robots to market in 2011 .
Some other learning frameworks that nearly made it into this post :
Recurrent Neural Networks as championed by Jürgen Schmidhuber .
I.e. Neural networks with loops , they can do auto - associative recall , and of course EVERYTHING .
But are a bastard to train .
AIXI , the universal learning agent , which can ( theoretically ) learn EVERYTHING .
And I mean really EVERYTHING , and really THEORETICALLY .
As championed by Marcus Hutter , and Shane Legg in his thesis : Machine Super Intelligence which I ’ve not read , but at least the title is funky .
( wow – this got much longer than I intended )
http://www.idsia.ch/~juergen/
Spare a thought for the Man City fan who thought it would be a good idea to get a tattoo announcing them as Champions League Winners for 2011 .
Kirk Bradley has been left with egg on his face after Spurs clinched fourth place with a deserved 1 - 0 win at Eastlands on Wednesday night .
He told the Manchester Evening News : “ I really believe we have the quality and ambition to go and achieve the biggest prize out there and I think we can do it that soon .
“ With Mark Hughes at the helm and the money flowing in , we are going to not only challenge the big four , but the whole of Europe as well .
Never mind , eh , Kirk ? Â COYS !!
Travel Diary : “ America ” ... or ... ” The United States of America ” Commonly called “ America ” , the United States are only a part of this double continent .
However , this country of a decent size makes a lot talking about himself .
Indeed , we can say that the United States are maybe today the most powerful country in the world .
The influence of the country crossed its borders a long time ago .
You may understand that during the last two years of my journey in Europe , in Asia , in Africa or in Central America , I have been introduced to the american culture through its music , its cinema or even its food .
Thus it has been very interesting to discover the place where this culture was coming from ...
In July 209 , I was entering the United States by Texas , which is the second biggest State of the fifty of the country .
Until March 2010 , I have been able to cross thirty - three of them .
Still by hitchhiking , I had the opportunity to meet many people and to understand a little bit better the way of life of a country which is sometimes considered as a contemporaneous Empire .
My journey by hitchhiking in the United States
As an Empire , one could say that the country has its assets and his weaknesses , that there is a light side of its force and a dark side of it .
Of course , everything is not all white , neither all black but let me express my point of view : the one of a foreigner in the country of Uncle Sam .
The local and exportative american culture
In this first part , I doubt bringing further information to my dear readers but I am going to start to explain my observations about the United States by the information I got about its culture .
As you can see from the title of this part , a good part of the american culture is possible to find in most of the other countries of our world .
Often close to the acculturation , the music , the cinema , the food or other parts of the american culture are getting sticked to the european , the asiatic , the african or others ways of life .
- Eating fast , a lot and bad for cheap : “ the american fast - food ” Who do n't know “ Mad Donald 's ” or “ Burger King ” nowadays ?
Those names have already toured the world but are the only one to share the business of the fast - food in the United States .
Here I am eating a huge american burger ...
The “ Fast - food ” is a very expanded way of consuming in the United States .
Mac Donald's , Burger King , Subway , Wendy , Dennys , Arbys , Jack in the Box , Apple Bees , Friday's , Dunkin Donuts ...
Today , all those corporations can be considered as the urban - landscape of every suburbs of the major american cities , which are then boring and unoriginal .
The main asset of the american fast - food is that we are coming to have a “ fun - meal ” .
On top of that , the food is cheap .
The dishes are so big that you will leave the restaurant with a feeling of being ... restaured .
The sodas are free - refill , you just need to pay your first glass ( which may be as big as one liter ) .
You can refill this same glass as many times as you want on the fountain of sodas of the restaurant .
The problem , important , is that the food that you can have in the fast - food is very bad for your health .
Be careful then .
- Entertainment - Land The United States have surely one big asset : the one of “ Entertaining You ” .
The money spent in the industry of cinema , music of simply entertainment is absolutely huge .
Most of the cinema of the world is coming from one area of Los Angeles in California .
Everyone has at least heard of Hollywood and its famous little hill .
The Hollywood 's hill
The american “ blockbuster ” is a movie with a big budget , often produced in the United States but that you will probably see in China , in Paraguay or in Mauritius Island ...
Some big studios like the 20th Century Fox Warner Bros or Universal are earning millions of dollars of profit by the movie ( even if sometimes bad movies do n't get that much ) .
The sign of “ Universal Studios ” in Los Angeles
The country in Nashville , the blues in New - Orleans , the hip - hop in New York , the grunge in Seattle ...
The american musical culture is indeed very rich and diversified .
My journey in the United States was very rythmed by the musical influences of the different americans states .
A local house - gig with my host in Oklahoma City
If there is a place that expressed perfectly the feeling of “ show business ” that I got in the United States , it would be Las Vegas .
Las Vegas is a city built in the middle of the desert in the state of Nevada .
The reason to come in Vegas is to be entertained by its casinos and its shows .
“ Show business ” is a very well chosen expression because the goal of this entertainment is to collect a maximum of money while being sure that you keep smiling .
“ Welcome to fabulous Las Vegas ” , is titling the sign behind me
Money seems to be something quite important in the United States .
In the next part , we will try to understand which influence it can have in the life of one in this country .
The importance of work or the American Dream
It has been very interesting to discover the United States after having spent a long time in some countries of the Third World .
Indeed , the importance of life is evaluated according to different criteria .
In most of the Third World countries , it seemed to me that the population had a greatest appreciation of the social side of life .
In the United States , the priority was maybe more towards stocking goods in a way of life that became ultra-capitalistic .
Let 's see how this system is working .
- Working life
To be honest , I would say that the american is not scared about working .
Working is even a reason to live in the United States .
However , it is possible here to realize your projects .
Indeed , if you have enough motivation and good bases , it will be perfectly possible for you to realize your dreams .
We call that the “ American Dream ” .
You can touch the dream , like all those luxury cars in the Car Show in Chicago .
It is even possible to try them by going inside , just the time to imagine what would become your life if you succeed in realizing your dream ....
But the dream is not always for everyone .
In the United States , if your dream become true , you will become very rich .
You will have so much money that you wo n't even know what to do with .
The “ american dream ” is attracting many people coming from all over the world , looking for a quick way to get rich .
After this , you wo n't need to put yourself on your knees on the ice to get all those dollar bills , like here in Portland in Maine .
- Innovation
The american has no fear to try , to create , because you can gain so much .
The country is like a huge supermarket , where everything can be sold .
By the way , the biggest supermarket in the world are in the United States .
We call them « Walmart » .
A supermarket Walmart in Oklahoma City
By this way , the spirit of creativity is stimulated 'by the possibility of earning money .
It is possible to see now many kind of innovative objects .
One of the big pole for innovations is the “ Silicon Valley ” , in the suburb of San Francisco in California .
Useful or not , it is not important because if it get sold , it will make work the economy of the country .
A very special mean of transportation in San Antonio in Texas .
You wo n't even need to walk ...
And useless to say that it works !
The self - satisfaction Many american citizens are considering their country as a “ great country ” .
Many facts helped me to understand that the country was loved .
Let 's see how it is possible to see this fact .
- The star - spangled banner , “ nationalism or patriotism ” How many times have I seen the star - spangled banner in the United States .
I have been able to see it almost everywhere in the country .
In front of the houses , on the caps , on the tee - shirts , on stickers , in the television ... The flag is everywhere .
The star - spangled banner ...
Even in cake ( Austin , Texas ) .
Also , it is possible to hear the american national anthem ( by the way also called the “ star spangled banner ” ) or also the “ God Bless America ” at each sport event or important moment for the country ( which can be many ) .
- The limits of the international politic
The good things for the United States are maybe not good for other country .
Yes , there are many assets in this country .
Nevertheless , I do n't think that the way of doing of one country is something that you can easily export .
I really found that the United States was not very internationally open .
As turned to himself , as if the country was the center of the world , very few american people know something about the world outside its own borders .
It is sometimes thought that if the United States are “ great ” , the rest of the world must be like it .
In this way , that would be a daily fight to americanize the world .
You think that what I say is a little bit mean ?
I have tough pictures for you ...
As you know , the second world war ended up by a last attack from the United States against Japan .
This one was nuclear .
Two atomic bombs were thrown on the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki the August 6th and 9th 1945 , killing more than 300 000 people .
In Nashville in Tennessee , a war memorial has been built .
On one of the monuments , we can see this :
A picture of one of the two atomic explosions , with above the title “ Victory ” ...
I am not sure that this fact needs to be a so high feeling of self - satisfaction ...
That is something to think about , especially when we see that the United Sates has been involved the last decades in at least five different wars : Korea , Vietnam , Koweit , Irak and Afghanistan .
- The positives intentions
In the other hand , the United States are also involved in many positives international interactions .
Many projects , like the fair trade , are helping some Third World countries to have an interesting exchange of goods .
For example in Austin in Texas , I have been able to drink some coffee coming from the Caribbean island of Dominica .
Those are often independent projects .
They are helping the workers of the third world countries to have a better profit of their product .
Like the brand of the coffee is saying : “ Drink coffee , change the world ” I think that this is more in this way that diplomacy should work , other than with weapons of mass destruction ...
The Rotary Club is an international organization which is trying to create positive actions locally and internationally .
The politic of the Rotary Club is mainly to create and to fund projects .
Those projects can be building schools in Ecuador or to create wells in Uganda .
I had the opportunity to visit this kind of organization , which is quite important in the United States .
I will write a newsletter about it in the coming weeks .
Here I am talking in the Rotary Club of Elisabethtown in Pennsylvania .
The Peace Corps volunteers are american people doing a community work mainly in some Third World countries .
I had the chance to meet several of them on my way and I have to admit that often , I was impressed by the interactions that they had with the local population .
In Rio Blanco in Nicaragua , Michael was doing an interesting work with the local community .
This day , the mayor of the village asked him to give english lessons to the children .
The power of the media - Gangsters in Mexico and terrorists in Afghanistan Because few americans are interested about the rest of planet , the medias can say a little bit whatever they want about it .
Believe me , very often , they really say whatever they want !
The information that you will have are very sensational and it ends by an exaggeration of the facts by continuously repeating negative information .
Thus , I met many american people who told me that Mexico was indeed full of drug dealers , that I will surely get kidnap in Colombia and that I would n't survive 5 minutes without that a bomb explode in Afghanistan .
Of course , none of them have been neither in Mexico , neither in Colombia , neither in Afghanistan .
Here I was with a group of mexican gangsters in Merida in Mexico ...
No really !
- The fear to divide , the fear to rule I was often chocked by the network of information “ Fox News ” .
A feeling of hate was coming from this channel to tell the facts of the day .
This hate was often racial , against everyone who was n't white , nor anglo - saxons nor even protestant .
The last month , I was watching the show of Glenn Beck on Fox News .
Glenn Beck is the new head of the network ...
And he surely got there because he was n't afraid to do too much .
Glenn Beck was crying on live .
He was crying because he was scared for his country , Indeed , Barack Obama was in power , he wanted to try to change the healthcare system .
Glenn Beck was saying in live that Barack Obama was n't anymore in the school .
He could not benefit anymore of the affirmative action and convert his 9/20 in 15/20 to become president .
Being black was n't enough ...
Fox News uses fear to convince the people to vote republican .
Sometimes , fear leads to violence .
- The right of owning a weapon Owning a weapon is an important thing to talk about in the United States .
In some states , it is very easy to get one and to use it .
In Texas , it is even allowed to enter bars and restaurant with your gun on your belt .
But why this need ?
According to Fox News , the borders with Mexico are very dangerous and are full of dangerous drug dealers .
People need to defend themselves .
They even built a wall ...
The wall separating the border between the United States and Mexico ( Picture coming from internet )
Supersize me
In the United States , everything is out of size .
I really did n't feel like Gulliver when I discovered this country - The road system and its vehicles
The american roads are simply excellent .
It is possible to go everywhere with your « truck » like the american people say .
It is funny because « truck » would mean « lorry » in normal english .
However , the word is not so far from the reality , the vehicles being absolutely enormous !
The last pick - up Ford in the Chicago Car Show .
You almost need a scale to get in !
The road had to adapt to the vehicles , and they are also absolutely huge !
Remember when I was in New Jersey , and its 19 lanes on the road .
- To the surconsummation There is no limit to the “ big ” in the United States .
This is true for everything that can be product or built .
New York City is of course the perfect example , as I was saying in the last newsletter .
Also , when I entered Texas , I was talking about their pride of the State : ' The biggest , the greatest ” .
Above , I was talking about the fast - food .
You have maybe seen the documentary “ Super Size Me ” .
This one was explaining the possibility to order a huge portion of food in the notorious fast - food Mac Donald's .
After one month , the reporter , who was also the cobaye of the experience , was very sick and became fat .
The no-limit about the size is also touching the american themselves .
There is an important problem of obesity in the United States .
- Advertising
If there is a surconsummation , there is also something to be consumed .
To know what and how to do it , the advertisements know how to tell you .
I was telling you sooner that I counted more than 15 adds in a movie in the television , During the Superbowl , which is a very important event in the United States , I counted up to 37 advertisement breaks .
The Superbowl is an american football event which is supposed to last 2 hours .
You can add to this one hour of advertisement , at 2 millions of dollars the 30 seconds and you will understand in a better way the importance of advertising in the United States .
There is even a ranking of the better advertising spots showed during the Superbowl .
Here I am in a bar of Indianapolis during the last Superbowl The culture of the self - Vehicles and Stickers The “ truck ” or “ pick - up truck ” or “ car ” is without doubt the belonging number 1 which will say which place you have in the american society .
Like the system of castes in Indian , where your social place can be recognized by your appearance , in the United States , your car can give an indication about your personal success and in a certain way your social situation .
In the same way , the vehicle of the american can give an idea of the interest he has for the country .
In Maine , the locals are giving the proof that they can be useful to the society by taking off themselves the snow on the road !
It is also possible for the american to express himself thanks to his vehicle by using some “ stickers ” .
The stickers are delivering a message about the personality of the driver .
In Miami in Florida , this man obviously loves his wife .
|
- The sport and the importance of looking good The United States are a very original country when we are talking about sport .
“ Soccer ” ( commonly called “ football ” in the rest of the world ) is not the main sport .
Indeed , base - ball , american football , basket - ball , ice - hockey are much more important .
The sport in the University is even sometimes more followed than the professional sport .
It is possible to study for free if you belong to the main team of the University ( remember the annual fees that can reach 50 000 dollars ) .
The buildings are impressive , like here the football stadium of the University of Cincinnati in Ohio .
This is not the biggest one ...
Some Universities have stadiums that can welcome more than 100 000 spectators , like the University of Michigan .
Sport is indeed important and is also used to keep a good health .
Of course , this is very paradoxical with the obesity rate of the population but ...
The United States are a country of paradoxes .
Remember this man exercising himself in outdoor in Venice Beach , situated in Los Angeles in California .
This , also , belongs to the United States .
- The individualism
All this culture of the self and this apology of the difference is one of the consequences of the individualism in America .
Every person is unique but in the United States , every person try also to be different .
We are using all the possible ways to be different from the neighbor : tattoos , clothes , vehicles , houses , dog clothes , sunglasses ...
Sometimes , the limits are so far to become better that it goes in incredible directions .
The MTV culture is a perfect example ...
Well , you already know the “ Jackass ” and brothers ...
Because we also export them .
A rich nature
The United States are a beautiful country , without doubt .
The country is also huge , so there are many different things to see , especially concerning the landscapes and the fauna .
- Its diversity From the west coast to the east coast , you will have the opportunity to discover a very diversified landscape .
First , you have the Pacific coast on the west side , which is quite dry in the south close to Los Angeles and that become forestry in Oregon and then Seattle .
The Big Sur , close to Monterey in California is a part of the coast to not miss .
A little bit more in the east , you will arrive in the desert of Nevada and you will be able to observe the incredible rocks formations in Utah and Arizona .
You can find the Grand Canyon and the Arch of Moab .
The arch of Moab in the State of Utah
Straight after , you will enter in the Rocky mountains .
This is the biggest in the United States , even if the highest pic is the Mount Mac Kinley in Alaska .
The Rockies are situated from Canada to New Mexico , passing through Colorado , Wyoming and even Montana .
The Rocky mountains in Colorado
Then , you will enter the huge plains and mais fields in the center of the United States .
The landscape is very boring because it is just flat .
Those plains are coming from Kansas to Ohio , we call it the Midwest .
The flatness of the Midwest , here in Kansas
Then , you will arrive in another chain of mountains , the Appalachians .
Those formations are much more older than the Rockies so they are less high and less sharp .
The Appalachians are starting in Canada and are going down to Alabama .
There is even a hiking trail crossing this chain of mountain from north to south , this is called the “ Appalachians Trail ” .
The “ smoky mountains ” in the Appalachians in North Carolina
Finally , you will reach the other coast of the United States , the east coast .
This one is very different from the west coast .
The North - East is called “ New England ” and has some forest but is much more industrialized than Oregon or the State of Washington .
The coast is changing when going to the south , where we see the vegetation becoming a forest of feuillus in North Carolina , then palm trees and swamps in Florida .
The Everglades swamps in Florida , full of crocodiles and alligators .
Without forgetting Hawai and Alaska , which are the two States out of the “ mainland ” .
I had the chance to visit Alaska and to discover its incredible landscapes with forests , lakes and mountains .
On the road in Alaska ...
- Its protection One asset of the United States is that the country is trying to take care of the environment .
Contrary to others countries in this planet , I have been rarely witnessing people throwing trashes along the road .
On this side , the american knows his responsibility as a citizen .
Also , there is a lot of laws created to protect the environment .
In the United States , you will find a lot of nationals parks with many regulations .
The national park of the “ Dry Tortugas ” and its Fort Jefferson , next to Key West in Florida
It is even allowed to close the island if in need !
Hitchhiking in the United States
Honestly , I really doubt that I will hitchhike one more time in the United States .
Indeed , this is extremly difficult to stop a vehicle by this mean in this country and this , for several reasons .
-A State of police
There are several laws created against the hitchhiker and that 's why it was n't easy for me .
Those laws were also very complicated because they were different from one state to another .
Indeed , in some States , it is totally allowed to hitchhike and in every kind of roads .
This is the case in Oregon , where you can even walk along the Interstate without having any problem .
In some others States , like New Jersey , hitchhiking is totally forbidden in any kind of road .
Of course , New Jersey is a State totally urbanized , it would be definitely difficult to stop vehicles inside this megalopolis .
In Pennsylvania , “ Do not pick up hitchhikers ”
This picture has been taken close to a jail , where it was forbidden to add one more passenger to your vehicle .
This day , three nice girls stopped for me , at the very same spot where I took this picture !
In most of the States , I was allowed to hitchhike but not on the roads called Interstate or Turnpikes .
Anyway , in some States , I could try to stop the vehicles on the ramps leading to those major roads .
In some others States , I was n't able .
In Maine , it was forbidden to hitchhike on the Interstate , neither on the ramp ... but only after the sign indicating my rights !
So , I finally tried every time .
Because of this , I have been stopped and controlled by the police , 35 times , during my all duration of my trip in the United States .
Sometimes , the police was driving me as far of the road as possible , to give me difficulties to come back there .
Some other times , this same police was helping me by bringing me further in the right direction , like in Chicago in Illinois .
- The system of public transports Just few people are using the system of public transports because this one is often inefficient .
The Greyhound company is almost the unique choice of autobus that you have and its quality does n't seem to be as developed as the country .
The bus station Greyhound in Flagstaff in Arizona
Because of this , many americans choose to use their own vehicle .
I have indeed been able to observe that the majority of the drivers are using a vehicle completely empty of other people .
There is definitely enough place for everyone to stop for a hitchhiker .
So why did I need to wait so many hours on the road , watching all those empty cars passing in front of me ?
- The culture of fear As I was telling you above , fear is a very important phenomena in the United States .
The country changed a lot during the time of the hippies in the sixties and seventies .
The situation of a hitchhiker is today very bad .
I was often mistaken with a thief , a murderer or a bum from time to time .
Some drivers were even asking me if I was intending to kill them if they were helping me !
To be seen like that was leading to some very surprising reactions of the drivers passing by me .
Those reactions were often negatives .
During my stay in the United States , I have been the victim of hundreds of insults , middle fingers , people trying to hit me with their car , vehicles stopping and leaving again when I was coming closer or even some crazy offers from some drivers ...
- Another extreme : the kindness of some people Hopefully , they were here .
I can't name everyone of them but I warmly thank them .
Indeed , there is still a number of people who do n't hesitate to help without fearing this stupid propaganda against the hitchhiker .
Although they were a minority , they do exist .
It was happening sometimes that my drivers were carrying me further than their road .
Sometimes they were inviting me to the restaurant .
Sometimes , they were inviting me to stay at their place .
This is this America that I like and this one that I want to remember .
Thank you to this family who gave me a ride and invited to the restaurant in Duluth in Minnesota
Thank you to this couple who gave me a ride and then invited me in their elks farm in Alaska
Thank you to this young man who made a way - back from Newark to Washington DC , just because it was raining this day
This is where I am leaving the United States and North America , after 8 months spent there .
I have seen positive things , others less .
I have a mixed feeling about the social side and its inhabitants .
The United States have n't welcome me as good as I was hoping .
Yes , there are still people with good intentions , working for right and good things .
However , many other people are orientated on themselves and their own interests , absolutely not interested in what can happen to the others .
The interactions between americans seem to be centralized on the dollar , more than a social exchange .
Yes , the american can be generous when we are talking about financial donations ... but is this a priority in every case ?
I left the United States in an original way from Key West to Cuba this last March .
I am going today towards South America to discover a new continent .
Nevertheless , another task is now in front of me : “ Crossing the Caribbeans ” .
I will let you know very soon about this difficult challenge , while letting you with a little tip about my current mean of transportation .
See you very soon ,
Jeremy
Retour au Sommaire
The walk to Charles Komanoff ’s favorite lunch spot , a patisserie two blocks from his office in Manhattan ’s Financial District , usually takes a couple of minutes .
But on this December afternoon , Komanoff has spotted a truck from the grocery - delivery service FreshDirect .
His eyes widen and his steps quicken as he approaches the orange and green refrigerated vehicle .
Within seconds , he ’s peppering the driver — politely but insistently — with questions .
What route did you take to get here ?
How many deliveries do you make per trip ?
How often do you double - park ?
Do you leave the engine running ?
Komanoff assures the driver that he is not a corporate spy .
He ’s a traffic expert who has taken up the Borgesian task of re-creating , in precise detail , the economic and environmental impact of every single car , bus , truck , taxi , train , subway , bicycle , and pedestrian moving around New York City .
And to do that he needs data .
Lots of data .
Which is why even the shortest walk can turn into an hours - long fact - finding mission .
When he finally gets back to his office , Komanoff will use this interview to inform his magnum opus , the Balanced Transportation Analyzer ( .xls ) , an enormous Excel spreadsheet that he ’s been building for the past three years .
Over the course of about 50 worksheets , the BTA breaks down every aspect of New York City transportation — subway revenues , traffic jams , noise pollution — in an attempt to discover which mix of tolls and surcharges would create the greatest benefit for the largest number of people .
Komanoff ’s spreadsheet , which he has posted online , calculates how new fees and changes to existing tolls affect traffic at different times of day .
It calculates which costs are borne by city dwellers and which by suburbanites .
It calculates how long it takes passengers to dig for change and board buses .
And it allows any user to adjust dozens of different variables — from taxi surcharges to truck tolls — and measure their impact .
The result is a kind of statistical SimCity , an opportunity to play God ( or at least Robert Moses ) and devise the perfect traffic policy .
Komanoff is a dyed - in - the - wool stats geek , and the BTA demonstrates his faith in data .
By measuring the problem — the amount of time and money lost in traffic every year — we can begin to solve it , he says .
We can turn the knobs on the entire transportation system to maximize efficiency .
Komanoff ’s model suggests a world in which everything from subway fares to bridge tolls can be precisely tuned throughout the day , allowing city planners to steer traffic flow as quickly and smoothly as a taxi driver tooling his cab down Broadway on a quiet Sunday morning .
It ’s hard for Komanoff — a fit , if slightly unkempt , 62 - year - old — to conceal his pride in this spreadsheet .
“ It ’s a mansion with 50 rooms , and each one relates to all the others , ” says Komanoff , who shares his Tribeca apartment with his wife , two kids , and a Steinway piano .
“ Maybe this is how Mozart felt when he was scoring Don Giovanni . ”
Komanoff ’s masterpiece has impressed municipal traffic planners from New York to Paris to Guangzhou , China .
“ Charlie has created the first believable model of the impact of pricing on transportation choices , ” says Sam Schwartz , a former New York City traffic commissioner who actually coined the word gridlock .
It ’s also the most ambitious effort yet to impose mathematical rigor and predictability on an inherently chaotic phenomenon .
Despite decades of attempts to curb delays — adding lanes to highways , synchronizing traffic lights — planners have n’t had much success at unsnarling gridlock .
A study by the Texas Transportation Institute found that in 2007 , metropolitan - area drivers in the US spent an average of 36 hours stuck in traffic — up from 14 hours in 1982 .
But the BTA , Komanoff says , will finally allow engineers to model the effects of proposed transportation policies in realistic detail .
He translates all traffic impacts — delays , collisions , injuries , air pollution — into dollars and cents ; that way , it ’s easy for users to compare the benefits and costs of different plans .
He has even come up with a plan of his own that would , according to his calculations , collect $ 1.3 billion in motorist tolls per year — all of which would be spent on improving public transit — and save $ 2.5 billion in time costs by reducing delays .
To that , add $ 190 million from decreased mortality as a result of making streets more bicycle - and pedestrian - friendly , $ 83 million in collision damage reduction , and $ 34 million in lower CO 2 emissions .
But there ’s one aspect of Komanoff ’s plan that his spreadsheet can’t help with : how to put it into practice .
Americans hate the idea of paying to drive on public roads .
No US city has succeeded at passing any plan remotely like Komanoff’s .
And the response from New York City ’s Department of Transportation has been tepid at best .
Komanoff may have created a vision of the traffic system of the future , but he ’s still stuck with the government and politics of the present .
Ebb and Flow :
A Day in the Life of Manhattan Traffic Charles Komanoff has spent three years building a model of the traffic patterns in New York City .
The result is an exhaustive accounting of every mile traveled , every slowdown encountered , and every hour wasted .
Below , a rundown of traffic on an average weekday in Manhattan ’s central business district .
Infographic : Pitch Interactive
Komanoff ’s life has been driven by two passions : cycling and data .
Naturally , he has combined them in another spreadsheet , one that logs every mile he has biked since January 1 , 2001 .
The very act of entering the data , Komanoff says , keeps him motivated to ride everywhere , even in the rain and snow .
“ I want to be able to enter the miles , ” he says .
He ends up inputting about 3,000 of them every year .
A bearded former antiwar activist , Komanoff grew up in a liberal enclave of Long Island and studied mathematics and economics at Harvard .
In 1973 , he analyzed a proposed hydroelectric facility in upstate New York whose business model relied on the existence of extensive nuclear power in the Northeast .
He wrote a report showing that the kilowatt price of nuclear power was rising fast and that the economics of the scheme simply did n’t work .
It was his professional breakthrough , and in 1981 he published a massive book ( .pdf ) on the subject , Power Plant Cost Escalation : Nuclear and Coal Capital Costs , Regulation and Economics .
“ I thought I ’d never do anything that ambitious again , ” he says .
Over the next 30 years , Komanoff built a career at this intersection of algorithms and advocacy , especially around what he calls “ the two leading sources of environmental and social harm in industrial societies : electricity generation and motor vehicles . ”
As an energy analyst , Komanoff has published several books and reports and has consulted for dozens of US state and federal agencies .
He started getting involved in transportation issues in 1986 , when he resuscitated Transportation Alternatives , an advocacy organization that lobbies for policies that favor cycling , walking , and public transportation and which is now a major force in New York City politics .
He also cofounded a pedestrian rights organization , Right of Way , in 1996 .
Two and a half years later , he produced a detailed statistical analysis of pedestrian and cyclist deaths — it showed that casualties are not random , unpredictable accidents but the foreseeable result of given traffic conditions .
Komanoff ’s work may not have made him a celebrity , but his rigor gained him a reputation within the rarefied world of traffic geeks .
In 2007 , he got a phone call .
Ted Kheel , a legendary labor lawyer and one of Komanoff ’s heroes , had made it his personal mission to completely rethink New York City ’s traffic policy .
Was Komanoff free to help ?
Now 95 years old , Kheel has been trying to improve New York ’s traffic for more than half a century .
He is obsessed with the economic damage that cars do to cities — damage that ’s much greater than most people realize .
In 1958 , as the New York City Transit Authority was preparing to raise subway fares , Kheel wrote a paper citing a survey that found that traffic congestion cost more than $ 2 billion a year .
“ This vast sum , ” Kheel wrote , “ equal to $ 1 a working day for every man , woman , and child in the city , has to be paid by someone , and it is .
It is assessed against all of us in the form of higher prices , inflated delivery costs , and increased taxes . ”
It would be cheaper , he argued , to subsidize public transportation and save the hidden costs associated with driving .
Kheel made the same point a decade later , in a New York magazine cover story arguing against another fare increase : “ Any balanced analysis will surely prove that the taxpayer actually pays , for every person who chooses to drive to and from work in his own car , an indirect subsidy at least 10 times as great as the indirect subsidy now paid the mass - transit rider . ”
The thread running through these essays is a concept familiar to all economists : the problem of negative externalities , costs that accrue when the self - interested actions of one person leave bystanders worse off .
The biggest example of a negative externality is global warming :
When we burn carbon - based fuels , we benefit ourselves while imposing a great cost on billions of other present and future inhabitants of the planet .
Urban planners know this problem all too well .
After all , traffic is filled with negative externalities .
A small action by one driver — a mere tap on the brakes — can have ripple effects that impact thousands of other motorists .
But because externalities are so hard to calculate , and because the costs are not paid out of any central budget , planners had always struggled to incorporate them in their analysis — which typically meant that such costs were undercounted , if they were counted at all .
In 2007 , Kheel was still advocating for a traffic plan that took externalities into account and offered free public transportation as a way to reduce them .
His basic notion was to impose a “ congestion fee ” on any driver entering New York ’s central business district — the area south of 60th Street — and use the proceeds to pay for everything from subways and buses to improved pedestrian access .
But how much to charge ?
Kheel could make only an educated guess .
Then he found Komanoff , a man who shared his goals and had the mathematical chops to help realize them .
Drawing on his own personal savings and the resources of one of his foundations , Kheel offered to pay him to determine the optimal congestion fee .
Komanoff is the kind of guy who takes a little while to get focused on a subject — but once focused can carry on more or less indefinitely .
That ’s exactly what happened with the spreadsheet he created for Kheel .
It turned out to be relatively straightforward to calculate a congestion charge that would pay for public transit ; Komanoff arrived at a fee of $ 16 for every vehicle trip into the central business district .
But he knew that he could come up with a model that was much more sophisticated .
“ I gave them what they were looking for , ” Komanoff says .
“ And then I kept on asking myself more questions . ”
So , after the report was released in January 2008 , Komanoff requested more funding from Kheel to keep plugging away at the spreadsheet .
One of the first tasks was to nail down those externalities .
That meant figuring out exactly how much New Yorkers ’ time was worth and how much of it they wasted in traffic .
He started with a Brookings Institution estimate of the value of a US airline passenger ’s time — about $ 53 an hour .
Based on salary data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics , Komanoff bumped that up by 20 percent for people in New York City .
He wanted to use conservative estimates , so he assumed that a car driver ’s commuting time was 25 percent less valuable than an airline passenger ’s ; if someone was driving for nonwork purposes , their time was 50 percent less valuable .
He drew on survey data to peg a taxi passenger ’s time at 90 percent of the average air passenger ’s ; additional passengers — perhaps children — would be worth much less .
Eventually , after taking into account the mix of cars , trucks , taxis , and buses in traffic — as well as the number of people in each type of vehicle — Komanoff concluded that the average vehicle in the central business district has a time value of $ 53.39 per hour ; outside the CBD that number falls to $ 34.44 .
( Komanoff based some assumptions on his own research , but the spreadsheet allows anyone to plug in their own estimates to see how they affect the results . )
The rest of his calculations are more complicated .
To work out the total delay caused by each car , Komanoff turned to a formula devised by UC Irvine economist Ken Small : S = 24.2 /[ 1 + 0.1 ( V/Vk ) 4.08 ] , where S is traffic speed , V is number of vehicles , and V k is a constant that changes from city to city ( it was originally set at an arbitrary level of 1,000 for an area of Toronto in 1978 ) .
For S and V , Komanoff drew on the city ’s estimates of average daytime traffic speeds ( 8 mph ) and volume ( 870,301 vehicles ) within the CBD .
This let him calculate the value of V k , which came out to be 97,105 .
He then used that value of V k and his own estimates of traffic volume to come up with a new — and , by his lights , more accurate — value for S .
He then ran the equation again to find the value of S when 1,000 cars were added .
The difference , divided by 1,000 , represented the impact of each individual car .
In the end , Komanoff found that every car entering the CBD causes an average of 3.23 person - hours of delays .
Multiply that by $ 39.53 — a weighted average of vehicles ’ time value within and outside the CBD — and it turns out that the average weekday vehicle journey costs other New Yorkers $ 128 in lost time .
At last , urban planners could say just how big the externalities associated with driving are , knowing that the number was backed up with solid empirical analysis .
“ The work Komanoff is doing will be essential , ” says Tom Vanderbilt , author of Traffic : Why We Drive the Way We Do ( and What It Says About Us ) .
“ He ’s showing the impact of traffic in easy - to - understand language , considering all transport options , and getting away from the idea that transportation happens in a vacuum . ”
Kheel hoped that Komanoff ’s work would support a plan to offer completely free public transit .
But Komanoff found that the system would still be overloaded at rush hour .
Drivers had to be encouraged to travel at different times of the day .
So he devised a new plan , one that charged both drivers and transit riders different rates at different times .
It would charge $ 3 to cars entering the CBD on weekday nights , $ 6 for most of the day , and $ 9 during rush hour .
The subway fare also varies , but is always less than the $ 2.25 it is today : $ 1 at night , rising to $ 1.50 as day breaks , and peaking at $ 2 during weekday rush hours .
Buses are always free , because the time saved when passengers are n’t fumbling for change more than makes up for the lost fare revenue .
Komanoff ’s plan also imposes a 33 percent surcharge on every taxi ride , 10 percent of which would go to the cab driver and the rest to the city .
Komanoff ’s plan is vastly more sophisticated than a simple bridge toll .
Instead of merely punishing drivers , he has built a delicate system of incentives and revenue streams .
Just as a musical fugue weaves several melodic lines into a complex yet harmonious whole , Komanoff ’s policy assembles all the various modes of transportation into a coherent , integrated traffic system .
Komanoff ’s plan may be ambitious .
It may be mathematically correct .
But it is unlikely ever to be adopted in the US .
Cities like Stockholm and London have implemented so - called congestion pricing plans — systems that charge drivers different rates at different times — but Americans see street tolls as a new tax , and one that benefits relatively affluent city dwellers at the expense of hard - pressed suburban commuters .
And the plan would require new toll plazas or license - plate - monitoring cameras , which many see as an invasion of privacy .
( In 2008 , a congestion - pricing plan proposed by New York mayor Michael Bloomberg was soundly rejected by the state legislature . )
But Komanoff ’s followers can’t help but root for him .
“ This really could happen , ” insists conservative analyst Reihan Salam , a longtime advocate of congestion pricing .
Salam points out that Bloomberg ’s plan was seen as pure punishment .
Komanoff ’s proposal would balance the fees with real benefits for New York ’s subway and bus riders .
“ This makes New York more livable , ” Salam says .
Still , for all of its sophistication , Komanoff ’s plan remains imperfect .
Komanoff himself admits that an ideal system would track drivers wherever they went , charging by the mile and the minute , with rates determined by location .
He calls this “ the holy grail of congestion pricing . ”
Someday , technology will probably help fulfill this promise .
Skymeter , a Toronto - based company , has developed a GPS - based metering system that can track and bill cars in even the densest urban areas .
With such a system , Komanoff says , he could adjust congestion prices on a block - by - block basis .
Cities could do away with parking meters and simply track how long cars sat at a curb .
Insurance premiums could reflect the habits of individual drivers instead of relying on crude proxies like age .
Drivers could be rewarded for taking the roads less traveled — not having to pay , and sometimes even getting paid , if they chose to commute on less congested routes on particularly busy days .
“ It ’s going to happen , ” Komanoff says .
“ Cities will charge per mile or per minute according to your exact location and the type of vehicle you ’re driving . ”
When it happens , Kheel and Komanoff will be lauded for their efforts to give empirical rigor to the fight to decongest cities .
The only question is whether it will happen in Kheel ’s lifetime — or , for that matter , in Komanoff’s .
Felix Salmon ( felix@felixsalmon.com ) wrote about the equation that wrecked Wall Street in issue 17.03 .
He also writes a blog for Reuters .
Man , this Lost comic strip by Anthony Clark — better known as Nedroid — is not just totally cute , but it features the sweetest thing Ben Linus has done for anyone .
[ Twitter ]
Advertisement
BREAKING NEWS !
8TH UPDATE 9:30 PM : George Lopez Tonight : “ Go LoCo ”
7TH UPDATE 5:15 PM : Sandra Bullock Going On Lopez Post - Conan ?
6TH UPDATE 5:15 PM :
The squabble over whether or not the Fox broadcast network execs were still in negotiations with team Conan , or had passed , continues , now centering on the meeting the two sides had planned for this Wednesday .
According to O’Briens reps , the meeting was set last week by Fox toppers Peter Rice and Kevin Reilly for this Wednesday — a day after Fox met with affiliates at NAB in Las vegas — and it was still about bringing the O’Brien late night show to the broadcast network .
But Fox insiders counter that the meeting was in fact set up for sibling cable network FX to make its pitch to O’Brien ’s reps , and supposedly it was skedded after the broadcast network had passed on the show , and after hearing that O’Brien might be interested in moving to cable .
They say FX ’s executive team was in the process of preparing a presentation when the TBS deal news broke this morning .
( Hey , did n’t the Fox people at first claim they knew about today ’s announcement in advance ?
Hmm . )
Now , Team Conan is strenuously denying Fox ’s new claim .
“ Fox never passed .
They never said to us they had passed .
Never , ever .
Not true .
We ’d always said we ’d listen to everybody .
And yes , we knew John Landgraf [ FX network president ] would be there because we took a lot of cable meetings and syndication meetings .
But Fox broadcasting was still in this . ”
5TH UPDATE 3 PM : We ’ve just learned that Fox was by no means done negotiating with Team Conan despite what insiders inside the broadcast network are spinning .
In fact , before today ’s TBS announcement , Fox last week had set up a meeting for this Wednesday with O’Brien ’s reps about Conan ’s talk show .
That would have been a day after Fox ’s Tuesday meeting with its affiliates .
at the NAB in Las Vegas .
The meeting was set after months of talks between Team Conan and Fox broadcast bigwigs Peter Rice and Kevin Reilly .
“ Peter and Kevin took a long time .
There were issues for all of us .
But there was a meeting set for Wednesday at their request .
So if they had passed [ on the show ] , why last week did they set a meeting for this week ? ”
Meanwhile , Team Conan had been fielding a flood of inquiries from cable networks and syndicators after the moment O’Brien ’s stay at NBC went south .
But we ’ve learned that TBS did n’t make an initial overture to the late - night host until March 31 .
It was Steve Koonin , president of Turner Entertainment Networks , who came up with the idea and started the negotiations , with Michael Wright , the head of programming for TBS and TNT and TCM , and SVP Sandra Dewey playing key roles .
“ We ’ve been very happy with George [ Lopez ] , but when we sat there and saw the audience for Leno and Letterman getting older , we thought here is Conan , the voice of the generation , and it could be transformative for TBS to put him and George together , ” Koonin told Nellie Andreeva this afternoon .
A source told Nikki Finke that Team Conan liked the idea of TBS because “ it ’s cable , and one of things learned after the whole NBC experience is that Conan connected through Twitter and the Internet with his young audience , and they ’re watching a lot of cable like what his lead - in would be there , Family Guy and The Office … ” Indeed , Koonin keeps saying his TBS audience has an average age of 35 .
That ’s 10 years younger than Fox , and 18 years younger than NBC or CBS .
He ’s all about youthful demographics , not old people eyeballs .
So Koonin flew in to Los Angeles to meet with Lopez on Wednesday .
“ He picked up the phone [ to call O’Brien ] and 60 - something hours later , we had a deal , ” Koonin said .
It was closed late Friday night .
When that happened , the TBS promo department was immediately summoned in to cut a spot announcing O’Brien ’s upcoming show .
The promo was completed today and will start airing tonight , Koonin told Nellie .
The huge demand for it crashed TBS ’ website all day …
4TH UPDATE 2 PM : TBS is starting immediately to promo Conan ’s new show .
Here ’s the link — but the TBS flacks tell me it ’s mobbed .
So it may take several tries to get through .
3RD UPDATE 12:30 PM :
We ’ve confirmed that Conan does own his new late night talk show on TBS , and it will be Los Angeles - based ( “ he ’s not moving his kids again ” ) , and the deal is “ very long - term ” paying him $ 10 + million in upfront salary ( in addition to his profitable equity ) .
Fox just issued this statement : “ Conan is a great talent and we wish him every success . ”
Sources tell us that Fox ’s senior executive team which had been in discussions with Team Conan told O’Brien ’s representatives last week that it did n’t look like a deal could happen imminently because of all the clearances necessary to launch a late - night show .
Many of Fox ’s O&O and affiliate stations were locked into long - term syndication deals for the time slot following their local late night news .
“ They could n’t unwind the long - term syndication deals with 30 Rock and The Office , ” a source tells us .
Insiders stress that Fox still wanted Conan despite the structural issues .
They also insist Peter Rice did everything he could , but that a deal just could n’t be made immediately .
They say Fox was n’t shell - shocked by today ’s news and in fact knew about it in advance , but the broadcast network had agreed to keep all information confidential while O’Brien negotiated elsewhere and sealed the deal .
The TBS deal came about with lightning speed .
Only a week and a half ago , Michael Wright , the head of programming for TBS and TNT and TCM , called Conan ’s manager Gavin Polone and asked if O’Brien would consider TBS .
( Wright and Polone know each other well because TBS airs the sitcom My Boys which Polone co-produces . )
Polone ’s reaction was to ask what happens to George Lopez ’s show which airs at 11 PM .
Wright assured him that Lopez Tonight would move to midnight .
“ Uh , we ’ve heard that story before in another context , ” our sources say Palone responded , referring to the NBC / Jay Leno mess that wound up with Conan losing The Tonight Show .
Next thing , Steve Koonin , president of Turner Entertainment Networks , flew in from Atlanta ( where the media company is based ) to personally pitch to O’Brien and Team Conan .
Koonin was “ very dynamic and very aggressive , ” a source tells us .
“ But we just did n’t want another situation .
He kept assuring us , ‘ I know George .
George will see this as a good thing . ’
And then George called Conan .
“ What Lopez told O’Brien was , ‘ Not only do I want it .
but here ’s why it ’s good for you . ’
Conan was very moved , very impressed .
And then everyone met with the other TBS people again . ”
That ’s when the negotiating began in earnest .
As one insider told us , “ I ’ve never been involved in a deal this complex that was negotiated over 2 days .
Literally , 2 days . ”
They came up with what ’s described to us as “ a good deal ” that made both TBS and Team Conan ( O’Brien , exec producer Jeff Ross , WME ’s Rick Rosen , lawyer Leigh Brecheen , and manager Polone ) “ very happy ” .
But an insider stresses , “ It was n’t about the money for Conan .
It was about the people — about George and the two TBS guys . ”
2ND UPDATE 10:45 AM :
We hear that Conan O’Brien will own the late night show on TBS , the same way that David Letterman owns his show on CBS ( both the Late Show and the Late Late Show ) .
O’Brien ’s salary is north of $ 10 M ( not including ownership ) .
And Fox appeared pretty shellshocked , apparently kept in the dark from the reaction we ’re getting to today ’s big announcement .
This seems to be a blow to Peter Rice was put in charge of the “ Get Conan ” operation by Rupert Murdoch himself .
And Fox was expected to discuss the Conan situation at its affiliate meeting at NAB in Vegas tomorrow .
Wanna bet that ’ll make for an awkward moment there .
10:20 AM UPDATE : The news that Conan O’Brien has picked a new TV home comes just as Conan kicks off his comedy tour today .
Yes , this venue is a surprise .
But these days , it ’s not like there ’s a big difference between a network and a cable show : all those 500 + channels seem indistinguishable .
And TBS has done a terrific job branding and promoting Lopez Tonight .
( O’ Brien began talks in earnest with TBS just last week , after George Lopez personally called him to ask that he consider joining the network ’s late - night line - up .
“ I ca n’t think of anything better than doing my show with Conan as my lead - in , ” Lopez said .
“ It ’s the beginning of a new era in late - night comedy . ” )
A lot of showbiz reporters got it wrong ( not us ! ) speculating about where Conan would land .
They were fixated on Fox and assumed he would only go to a network .
But the fact is that , we knew from the very beginning , Team Conan ( including his exec producer Jeff Ross , and WME ’s Rick Rosen , and manager Gavin Palone , and attorney Leigh Brecheen ) , were thinking way outside the network box .
For instance , there were discussions with Microsoft about an XBox deal for Conan ’s show that would have broken new ground .
And yes , discussions took place with Fox .
Long presumed the most natural choice for the comedian , who had been clear that he was only interested in a nightly talk show , the sticking point was clearing a time slot behind the late evening news where the Fox O&O [ owned and operated ] and affiliate stations all have long - term syndication deals .
On the other hand , TBS offered O’Brien a weeknight platform ( Monday - through - Thursday at 11 PM , with Lopez Tonight moving to midnight ) without the hassle of having to launch in only parts of the country if not all markets were able to be cleared .
“ But TBS was far more aggressive from the very beginning .
They wooed him hard , ” one insider tells me .
“ And Conan was incredibly impressed by executives there . ”
Team Conan also liked the strong lead - in of Family Guy and The Office , as well as the prospect that on cable he could have “ more freedom to be creatively more exciting , ” a source tells us .
“ And then George [ Lopez ] called Conan and convinced him to do it . ”
The good news is that , since he is going to a cable network , Conan wo n’t face the same ratings scrutiny as if he were to go head - to - head with David Letterman and Jay Leno on a broadcast network .
But airing from 11 PM to midnight Monday to Thursday , O’Brien will now face off directly with the formidable basic cable late - night duo of Comedy Central ’s Daily Show with Jon Stewart and The Colbert Report .
We understand the budget for the show will be the same as it was on NBC .
And that , of course , “ the deal is very good ” especially considering he already has NBC ’s $ 40 million in his pocket .
And , of course , Conan was , well , Conan about it all : “ In three months I ’ve gone from network television to Twitter to performing live in theaters , and now I ’m headed to basic cable .
My plan is working perfectly . ”
9:45 AM : Here ’s the statement :
The first age of airships died with the 36 people who perished in 1937 's Hindenburg disaster .
More than 70 years later an Alabama - based company plans to launch the world 's largest inflatable craft .
Is the age of airships returning ?
Advertisement
What does it take to be called the world 's largest inflatable craft ?
E- GreenTechnologies '
Bullet 580 is a 235 foot long craft with a 65 foot diameter , capable of lifting 2,000 pounds 20,000 feet in the air .
That 's nothing compared to the Hindenburg , of course , but then that 803 foot long monstrosity was n't technically an inflatable craft , with a frame built of duralumin .
Advertisement
It also was n't very safe , as the world tragically discovered on May 6 , 1937 , when the craft went up in flames .
Early airships were powered by hydrogen , a more affordable gas than helium at the time .
The cost savings was n't worth the loss of lives caused by aircraft filled with flammable gas , so the age of the airship came to a close abruptly on that horrible day .
It 's a bright new day now , however , especially for E - Green Technologies chief executive Mike Lawson .
Lawson 's a firm believer that airships have a future in the 21st century .
In 2009 his company acquired leading airship research and development company 21st Century Airships .
Since then the company has built and flown 14 prototypes , leading up to the Bullet , its first commercial vehicle .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Seven helium - filled bags provide lift for the bullet , with an inner hull filled with ambient air to deal with changing atmospheric pressure at different altitudes .
Advertisement
The outer envelope of the balloon is crafted from a type of Kevlar , one - sixteenth of an inch thick , yet ten times stronger than steel , so stray birds and bullets should n't be a problem .
Even if the Bullet does spring a leak , a serious crash is n't something Lawson is worried about .
Mr. Lawson , said : ' If you hit a hard landing , the airship is just going to kind of bounce . '
Advertisement
So the Bullet is safe and strong , but is it ecologically friendly ?
Most definitely .
The Bullet runs on algae fuel , safe enough to drink .
The algae absorbs carbon dioxide from the atmosphere , and when it 's burned it releases that same carbon dioxide .
It even has a Water Condensate Recovery System , which keeps the aircraft from needing constant helium refills .
Advertisement
Capable of both manned and unmanned flight , the Bullet can be used for everything from sightseeing to meteorological studies to spying .
The ability to hover over areas for weeks at a time makes it the perfect mobile airborne observation platform , staying in the sky longer that any plane or helicopter could , while making a great deal less noise to boot .
Lawson 's belief in the future of airships looks to be panning out .
The Bullet already has its first mission lined up , a joint project between NASA and Old Dominion University to measure the moisture content in soil .
Says E - Green 's chief executive :
Airships have undergone surprisingly little evolution throughout their more than 150 - year history , and this is what makes our E - Green proprietary designs so desirable to government and commercial customers . " .
Advertisement
The Bullet currently sits , fully inflated , inside the Garret Coliseum in Alabama , awaiting its first test flights , scheduled for this summer .
If all goes well , E - Green plans to create a fleet of the $ 8 million airships created , ready to rent out at a fee of $ 250 - $ 800,000 a month .
With a max speed of 80 miles per hour , the Bullet is n't exactly the sort of airship we 're used to seeing in Square Enix video games , but it 's definitely a step in the right direction .
Advertisement
Up and away !
World 's largest airship lifts off for the first time [ Daily Mail ]
Everybody reacts to witnessing violence in his or her own way .
Take Johnny Boychuk ‘s awesome hip check from Thursday night as Exhibit A .
You ’ve got the guy in the white sleeves , who clearly had a delayed reaction .
There ’s Mr. Dad , whose emotion is blocked , but we can only imagine he is loving the hit in front of his face .
Mom ’s look seems to be one of disgust — either that or that $ 6.25 beer got too warm .
Then , of course , there is the daughter ’s reaction .
It ’s one of shock and awe , and it ’s one that says that that young lady will never forget the moment that Mr. Boychuk upended Victor Oreskovich … though she probably wo n’t remember the Oreskovich part .
Photo of the day
What should be the caption for this photo ?
Leave your suggestion in the comments section below .
Quote of the day
“ I do n’t see any watering down at all .
I think there are a number of teams playing in the NIT that could have gotten in [ to the NCAA Tournament ] , and I think there will be more people and more excitement with more teams in . ”
– Minnesota coach Tubby Smith , to The Associated Press , on the possibility of expanding the tournament to 96 teams
Comment of the day
LaDainian Tomlinson has picked up the nickname “ LT , ” despite the fact that a certain linebacker in the ’ 80s kind of made “ LT ” his own thing ( just ask Joe Theisman ) .
Still , one ( assumed ) Patriots fan took issue with Tomlinson ’s goal of sweeping the Patriots and let it be known that “ LT ” now stands for something else .
“ L.T. = lots of TEARS ”
–thedoctr .
Video of the day
April Fools ’
Day ’s biggest gag seemed to be Google ’s changing its name to “ Topeka . ” Hilarious ?
Not quite .
Yet the Jets made their best attempt at humor on April 1 , as Nick Mangold apparently replaced the water with lemon - lime juice for the defensive linemen after they finished running .
And God bless those D - linemen … seeing their teammates spitting out the beverage in disgust sure did n’t stop them from giving it a try themselves .
Line up , boys !
There ’s plenty to go around .
Got a suggestion ?
Send it to the Daily Blend mailbag .
Mayor of London , Boris Johnson , said the Conservatives must be the dominant ingredient in the formation of a new government .
He joked with Jeremy Paxman , saying that the Tories must be the " meat in the sausage " .
Everyone from U.S. Senators to prominent hedge fund managers say that criminal naked short sellers had a hand in the financial collapse of 2008 , but the regulators are n’t listening .
Not a single criminal has been prosecuted .
Indeed , the regulators continue to allow the miscreants to manipulate the markets — not just the stock markets , but also the markets for corporate bonds , derivatives , U.S. Treasuries , and all manner of commodities – even when the regulators are provided with indisputable evidence of a massive crime in progress .
They could easily fix the flaws in the settlement system that allow much of the manipulation to occur , but they refrain from doing so either because they are too captured by the miscreants or too cowed by the possible consequences of throwing the lights on what may be an enormous confidence game .
So I am inclined to say that it is hopeless .
Everyone loves an optimist – but , yes , it is hopeless .
We are like the audience in one of those cheesy horror flicks – yell and scream all you like , but the dumb blonde is still going to walk into that room and get hacked to pieces .
Except that it is not a movie .
It is real .
And it ’s not just the dumb blonde who is going to get slaughtered .
It is all of us .
It is our economy .
It is our standard of living .
It is our financial system – the lifeblood of the nation .
The latest case of regulatory indolence was recently exposed by Andrew Maguire , a successful metals trader and whistleblower who went to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission with data that strongly suggested that a small number of criminal short sellers had rigged the markets for silver and gold .
Maguire not only provided the regulators with a Dummies ’ guide to how the manipulation generally worked , but also warned them of a specific crime – a dramatic take - down of the gold and silver markets – that he said would occur at an exact time on a specific date in the near future .
That is , Maguire told the regulators that a massive crime was about to happen , and the crime happened precisely as he predicted it would .
With Maguire ’s warning , the regulators were able to watch a crime unfold , right before their eyes , in real time .
Then the regulators thanked Maguire by saying , in essence , “ you ’re a nuisance , go away . ”
This is not just appalling , but scary , because the criminal activity that Maguire exposed is much bigger than the Madoff Ponzi scheme , and more likely to result in serious damage to the American economy .
Indeed , there is a strong case to be made that our national security is at stake .
As Maguire stated in a recent interview with King World radio , the manipulators have likely created a massive naked short position that can easily be exploited by foreign entities who might see financial or even political gain in eviscerating the dollar .
Maguire ’s email exchange with the CFTC is remarkable reading .
In one email he writes :
“ Thought it may be helpful to your investigation if I gave you the heads up for a manipulative event scheduled for Friday , 5th Feb .
The non -farm payrolls number will be announced at 8:30 ET .
There will be one of two scenarios occurring , and both will result in silver ( and gold ) being taken down with a wave of short selling designed to take out obvious support levels and trip stops below .
While I will no doubt be able to profit from this upcoming trade , it is an example of just how easy it is to manipulate a market if a concentrated position is allowed by a very small group of traders …
I sent you a slide of a couple of past examples of just how this will play out .
“ Scenario 1 .
The news is bad ( employment is worse ) .
This will have a bullish effect on gold and silver as the U.S. dollar weakens and the precious metals draw bids , spiking them higher .
This will be sold into within a very short time ( 1 - 5 mins ) with thousands of new short contracts being added , overcoming any new bids and spiking the precious metals down hard , targeting key technical support levels .
“ Scenario 2 .
The news is good ( employment is better than expected ) .
This will result in a massive short position being instigated almost immediately with no move up .
This will not initially be liquidation of long positions but will result in stops being triggered , again targeting key support levels .
“ Both scenarios will spell an attempt by the two main short holders to illegally drive the market down and reap very large profits . ”
It would be hard to get more specific than that .
As Maguire says in the same email : “ The question I would expect you might ask is :
Who is behind the sudden selling and is it the entity / entities holding a concentrated position ?
How is it possible for me to know what will occur days before it will happen ?
Only if a market is manipulated could this possibly occur . ”
The CFTC had previously had the courtesy to call Maguire and listen to his concerns , but by the time Maguire sent the message laying out the crime , the CFTC had stopped returning his emails .
The regulator showed no real interest , and let the crime happen .
After the crime occurred , Maguire wrote another email :
“ A final email to confirm that the silver manipulation was a great success and played out EXACTLY to plan as predicted .
How would this be possible if the silver market was not in the full control of the parties we discussed in our phone interview ?
… I hope you took note of how and who added the short sales ( I certainly have a copy ) … Surely some discussions should have taken place between the parties by now .
Obviously they feel they can act with impunity … ”
After that , Maguire sent several more emails detailing manipulation of the gold and silver markets .
He received no replies .
So he wrote a final email , providing still more evidence in support of his case and stating : “ I have honored my commitment to assist you and keep any information we discuss private , however if you are going to ignore my information I will deem that commitment to have expired . ”
To that email , a CFTC official finally replied : “ I have received and reviewed your email communications .
Thank you so very much for your observations . ”
That was it .
Thanks a lot and goodbye .
No follow up questions .
No acknowledgement that a crime had occurred .
No apparent interest whatsoever .
Maguire was understandably peeved .
As he said in his radio interview , “ I kept a live commentary going on that entire scenario .
How they were going to flush it down below 15 , how it then went down below 15 , and how then they were putting big block offers hitting all the bids to stop it getting back through the technical level of 15 so as not to trigger covering by the shorts and inviting longs to get long again .
To me , you do n’t get any better than that , how could anyone predict that unless they knew what was going to happen , not just saying it ’s going to move in one direction , but it ’s going to move in one direction then another direction – all in a matter of minutes . ”
Not long after the massive crime took place , the CFTC held a public hearing on manipulation of the metals markets .
Maguire was specifically barred from participating .
He told King World radio that he believed one CFTC official , Bart Chilton , wanted him to attend the hearing , but Chilton is a lone “ Elliot Ness ” crime fighter working in an agency that is dominated by the feckless and the corrupt .
“ There are a lot of people at CFTC wanting to look the other way , ” Maguire said .
However , the hearing ( a partial transcript and video of which can be found at the excellent financial blog Zero Hedge ) did yield an interesting piece of information .
In the course of answering an unrelated question , Jeffrey Christian , a former Goldman Sachs staffer who is now the head of a metals trading firm called CPM Group , stated that “ precious metals … trade in the multiples of a hundred times the underlying physical … ” ( the italics belong to me and a lot of other people whose eyes popped out of their heads when they heard this ) .
What Christian was saying is that every ounce of gold or silver is being sold 100 times .
This would not be problematic if we were speaking of some dusty market in Central Asia with rows of traders ’ stalls wherein some commodity ( such as gold , silver , radios or Kalashnikovs ) were being sold and resold in rapid - fire succession : there , our sensibilities about scarcity , value , and price discovery would actually grip reality .
Here , however , we are talking of markets where the distinction between reality and representation has become as blurry as the last round of a game of musical chairs , enabling some sellers to offload paper IOUs promising eventual delivery of silver and gold – promises that would be impossible to keep if some small segment of the buyers were to demand delivery of the real thing .
This is quite similar to the naked short selling of stocks , where traders sell stock that does not exist , but enter IOUs in their computers , and then “ fail to deliver ” what they have promised .
It is hard to distinguish this from fraud ( notwithstanding the Efficient Market Hypothesis of financial theory , which maintains , essentially , that it should n’t matter ) .
Christian , the fellow who inadvertently revealed the massive naked short positions in gold and silver , said that he did n’t see this as a problem because “ there are any number of mechanisms for cash settlement , ” and “ almost all of these short positions are in fact hedges … ”
This is slightly absurd .
Later in his testimony , Christian himself said that it was “ exactly right ” to say that the hedges are nothing more than hedges of “ paper on paper ” – a particular sort of merry - go - around where one IOU is settled by another IOU , with these IOUs outnumbering real gold and silver by multiples of a hundred times .
As for the notion that cash settlement solves the problem , Maguire noted in his radio interview that cash settlement “ is the very definition of default .
If somebody wants to buy gold and silver and instead they ’re given cash , that is a default . ”
In addition , “ there are people who will not want cash – Chinese , Vietnamese , Russians – people looking for the metal , they will want to take it , and that will cause a default on the Comex [ the metals exchange ] because the Comex will be drained … that was the word that was used by several people making testimony [ at the CFTC meeting ] , that the Comex would be drained … ”
Maguire added : “ What ’s going to happen , if you ’re an Asian trader , or a non-Western trader , who has no loyalty , or does n’t care about homeland security or anything else , who says , now wait a minute , if I can establish in my mind that there is 100 ounces of paper gold , paper silver for example , for each ounce of real silver , than I have a naked short situation here that I can squeeze and they can go on the spot market which is basically a foreign exchange transaction , short dollar , long silver to any amount they want – billions , trillions — whatever they want , and they can take this market , squeeze this market , and blow it up … ”
In other words , the problem is n’t just that criminal naked short sellers manipulate the metals market downwards .
It is that they have created a condition where a foreign entity can merely demand delivery of real metal to induce a massive “ squeeze ” that sends the price of metals skyrocketing , putting huge downward pressure on the dollar .
Meanwhile , says Maguire , with prices rising , “ for 100 customers who show up there is only one guy who is going to get his gold or silver and there ’s 99 who will be disappointed , so without any new money coming into the market , just asking for that gold and silver will create a default . ”
“ There are no prisoners taken in this kind of environment , ” Maguire added .
“ All they need to establish is that it is naked , and by the admission of [ former Goldman staffer ]
Christian at the meeting …we have a definition of physical actually being paper …
They get that in their heads and its locked , it ’s a done deal , then we do n’t have to wait … there is a profit to be made here , and there is nothing [ anybody ] can do about it because it ’s a foreign exchange transaction , and there are no limits on a foreign exchange transaction , and obviously foreign exchange transactions are coming to light , there [ is talk ] of manipulation … ”
Indeed , Maguire says that he has received phone calls from wealthy individuals in Asia looking for the go ahead to exploit the naked short position .
“ The only question they have in their mind is can we establish that this is a naked short position , that ’s the only thing they had to clarify , it ’s become clear , it is now clear [ that the naked short position is massive ] , and no doubt they do their own due diligence , but basically [ the naked short position ] has been admitted at the only metals meeting [ the CFTC hearing ] that we ’ve ever had … ”
Maguire says that the naked short selling scam is in the trillions of dollars , making it by far the biggest financial fraud in history .
He calls it “ financial terrorism ” and accuses the naked short sellers of “ treason ” for putting national security at risk .
It might be hard to believe that foreign entities are plotting to crush the U.S. economy , and perhaps they are not , but there is no doubt that loopholes in the clearing and settlement system – not just for metals , but also stocks , bonds , Treasuries , and derivatives – could quite easily be exploited by any foreign entity desiring to do harm to the U.S. economy .
The only dispute is whether such a desire exists .
Maguire and Adrian Douglas of GATA , an organization that lobbies against manipulation of the metals market , took their concerns to the mainstream media and had a number interviews scheduled .
However , every one of those interviews were suddenly cancelled .
This is not surprising .
The mainstream media has consistently shied away from stories about illegal naked short selling and market manipulation , partly because the media outlets are captured by the powers that be on Wall Street , and partly because investigative journalism is now viewed as an anachronism – a time - consuming effort that might have been suited to Woodward and Bernstein back in the 70s , but not to the downsized news rooms tasked with churning out tepid and meaningless “ he said , she said ” mimeographs for a population of readers who ( so it is said ) want their “ news ” fast , and do n’t care a whit for in - depth reporting .
Meanwhile , just as the stock manipulators have engaged in a coordinated effort – deploying threats , ruthless smear campaigns , and slick lobbying – to keep their crimes out of the spotlight , so too will the gold and silver manipulators .
Adrian Douglas of GATA notes that at the precise moment that his GATA colleague Bill Murphy began to speak at the CFTC meeting , the video camera recording the event experienced “ technical problems ” – problems that were fixed at the precise moment when Murphy stopped talking .
Douglas concedes that this might have been a coincidence , but when this sort of thing happens often enough , a little healthy paranoia is probably a good thing .
That said , everyone loves an optimist , so I ’ll say the camera really went kaput .
But…ack … another coincidence :
The day after Maguire gave his radio interview , he was the victim of a hit and run collision .
Somebody sped out of a side alley at top speed , smashed into Maguire ’s car , and then tried to escape .
A high - speed chase ensued , and the perpetrator was caught by police .
The British press has reported that this might have been an assassination attempt , or a threat , but as yet there has been no word from the police .
Maguire was injured , but not seriously .
Let ’s be optimistic , and say this was an accident – assassinations and threats only happen in the movies .
But…ack … another coincidence : Shortly before somebody crashed into Maguire ’s car , the CFTC caught on fire .
This fire happened to be located in the one small basement room where gold and silver trading data and other pertinent documents were kept .
The CFTC claims that its investigation of metals manipulation , for what it was , did not burn .
So maybe it was just an accident .
Maybe some eager CFTC regulators were down there smoking cigarettes .
Maybe it was stress .
Maybe they ’ll keep investigating .
Maybe they ’ll bust the criminals .
Maybe , just maybe…yes , everyone loves an optimist , so let me make this clear – the horror show that is our regulatory system is going to have a happy ending .
There will be no massacre .
The financial system will be just fine … really … maybe… or maybe not .
* * * * * * * *
Update : Another coincidence : GATA reported recently that there has been an attack on the King World website — the website that contains the radio interview of Maguire and his emails to the CFTC .
This was an apparent attempt to shut down the website and prevent the scandal from being exposed further .
The Internet company that hosts the King World website reported to King World the following : Your hosting account is the target of a distributed denial of service attack … Computers were attacking your account . ”
Steps were taken to protect the website , which is once again up and running .
A DNA molecule that stiffens and folds when it encounters cocaine is the engine that drives a new handheld , fast - acting drug detector .
Reliable tests for cocaine take several hours at a laboratory .
And although police and customs agents have field tests for cocaine , criminals often use masking chemicals to thwart these so - called " Scott tests . "
In a Scott test , a chemical changes color when it is added to substances that contain cocaine .
The new detector — scientists have built a rudimentary prototype — sees through the masking agents and can also sense cocaine in body fluids or materials that it comes in contact with .
Detecting tiny traces of cocaine in blood or salvia could someday allow the device to work much like a breathalyzer for alcohol , said biochemist Kevin Plaxco of the University of California , Santa Barbara .
So far the device has sniffed out cocaine mixed with many of the substances drug dealers use to cut the drug , including flour , sugar , baking soda , coffee , and mustard powder .
It also sees through such chemical masking agents as cobaltous thiocyanate , which sophisticated drug dealers mix into cocaine to fool the Scott test .
The detector works by passing an electronic signal through a type of DNA molecule , called an aptamer , that binds with other specific molecules , in this case cocaine .
This particular type of aptamer , which is synthetic , is usually floppy .
When it binds with cocaine , however , it stiffens up and assumes a structured , folded shape , which causes it to allow electrons to pass through it more readily .
The drug detector 's engine is a 1 - millimeter square electrode that is coated with somewhere around 100 million of the cocaine - friendly molecules .
After each test this electrode can be rinsed and reused with a loss in sensitivity of just 1 percent .
That means an electrode could be used perhaps 100 times before it would have to be replaced .
It also can be used immediately after washing , a key feature for a portable tester , Plaxco says .
" We wash it with a cocaine - free buffer and it resets in seconds , " he said .
Now the scientists are improving the detector 's sensitivity to cocaine , Plaxco said .
One route is to make aptamer molecules that are even more receptive to cocaine .
" If the DNA molecule binds cocaine more tightly , then it will take less cocaine to cause the folding , " he explained .
They are also refining the device 's electronic system to detect smaller changes in electrical current , and so smaller amounts of cocaine .
By using different aptamer DNA molecules that favor other substances , the same technology could be expanded to find other drugs , both the illicit type and the therapeutic variety whose levels must be closely monitored in patients .
" We 're monitoring a very specific binding - induced change in the DNA itself .
And that 's why our sensor works straight in blood serum , " Plaxco said .
" That 's the real advantage .
Other people have built biosensors that are just as sensitive as ours .
Other people have built biosensors using aptamers even , that are just as generalizable as ours .
Ours has both of those attributes and it works in blood , and dirt , and food .
That 's the huge advance . "
