Being a journalist is not an easy job .
It requires long hours interviewing sources and trying to get the facts straight , not to mention having to pay your dues covering city council meetings and the adherence to the often Being a journalist is not an easy job .
It requires long hours interviewing sources and trying to get the facts straight , not to mention having to pay your dues covering city council meetings and the adherence to the often arbitrary - seeming style guide .
It 's tough .
But the reward is that you get to write sentences like this :
MELBOURNE , Fla . --
A Brevard County doctor dressed up in a Captain America outfit was arrested with a burrito in his tights .
And it only gets better from there , in an article that describes the drunken escapades of one super - soldier at a costumed pub crawl in Florida :
Everything was fine until , witnesses said , Captain America started getting too forward with a burrito he kept tucked inside his blue tights , a burrito that ultimately landed him in jail .
It 's certainly not the Captain America from the comic books .
This one is accused of sinister deeds more fitting of a villain than a superhero .
On Saturday night , when a costume party full of medical professionals stopped at On Tap Cafe , police said Adamcik had a burrito stuffed below the waistband of his costume and was asking women if they want to touch it .
When one refused , he allegedly took out the burrito and groped her .
The woman called police and , when they arrived , the officers wrote in their report " there were so many cartoon characters in the bar at the time , all Captain America 's were asked to go outside for a possible identification . "
Yes , in a move sure to vindicate supporters of the Super - Human Registration Act , Captain America was arrested after getting drunk and sexually harassing bar patrons with Mexican food in his pants , and the fact that I just got to type that means that there 's a good possibility that we 're living in the best of all possible worlds .
Of course , the Cap in question was not Steve Rogers ( or Bucky Barnes , John Walker , or ' 50s Commie - Smashin ' Cap William Burnside ) , but rather a doctor who got blitzed on something other than the Super - Soldier Serum during a costume party and made what I think we can all agree are some pretty poor choices .
Even worse ( or better , depending on your level of schadenfreude ) , once he was in the police station , he attempted to flush a joint down the jailhouse toilet , and was caught .
This is clearly not setting a great example for others , but to be fair , I 'm pretty sure that 's a faithful re-enactment of the events of 1990's " Captain America : Streets of Poison . "
I do not question the sincerity or intent of people involved in the DARE program .
( " School resource officers felled by state budget ax , " June 14 . )
Nor do I question their desire to prevent drug and alcohol abuse among youth .
Nonetheless , there is a significant problem with DARE .
Evidence and research indicate , in the words of one study , that DARE " has a limited to nonexistent effect " on drug use .
The General Accounting Office , U.S. surgeon general , National Institute of Justice , Department of Education and American Psychological Association conclude that DARE is ineffective .
A 2009 study of a new DARE curriculum , " Take charge of Your Life , " involving 20,000 seventh - graders , concluded : " Far from being a success , the program is actually counterproductive . "
That from University of Akron researchers who designed the program .
Even on DARE 's website , so - called research in support of DARE 's effectiveness is primarily testimonials from DARE personnel and police and anecdotal evidence , not objective research .
One " study " stated DARE is a success because it improved the image of police .
That 's what DARE is for ?
DARE money improves the police image ?
A more accurate headline for the article , had The Day researched DARE 's " success , " would have been " School resource officers and DARE programs felled by facts . "
what does this mean ?
This is privacy score out of 21 .
If your score box is green then you have scored 21/21 and all your information is hidden from websites and the public .
Excellent .
If your score box is yellow then you have locked down most of your information .
Good stuff .
If your score box is red then your are exposing lots of your private information and you should immediately review your Facebook privacy settings .
Note because Facebook does not let you hide all your information , you cannot get a score a perfect 21 .
With everthing locked down the best score that you are likely to achieve is 15 / 21 ( unless you have not filled in profile information such as your gender , your likes or you do n't have any friends ; then you can score higher . ) !
Just when it seemed political events in South Carolina could n’t turn more bizarre , calls are mounting for investigations and for the withdrawal from the Senate race of Alvin Greene , who has become known as the “ stealth candidate ” after mysteriously becoming the state ’s Democratic nominee on Tuesday .
On Thursday , not only did more officials urge Mr. Greene to quit the contest against Senator Jim DeMint , the Republican incumbent , but top lawmakers — like Representative James Clyburn — began suggesting that Mr. Greene was a “ plant . ”
Mr. Clyburn , the House Democratic majority whip , also called for a federal investigation because of reports that Mr. Greene , who is on unemployment , paid more than $ 10,000 of his own money to enter the race .
“ There were some real shenanigans going on in the South Carolina primary , ” Mr. Clyburn said on a radio show .
“ I do n’t know if he was a Republican plant ; he was someone ’s plant . ”
The first startling disclosure was made by The Associated Press , which reported that Mr. Greene had been charged with a felony in a case involving showing pornographic images to a college student .
Mr. Greene , 32 , was largely silent about that on Wednesday as more and more media tried to contact him and officials began calling for him to withdraw from the race .
( In interviews on Thursday , he would n’t comment on the charge , saying he was innocent until proven guilty .
And he said he would n’t step down . )
Carol Fowler , a state Democratic Party leader , revealed in interviews that she had questioned Mr. Greene ’s use of a personal check for that $ 10,400 for filing fees to enter the race .
The Root.com and some local TV stations have now published and broadcast interviews on Thursday in which Mr. Greene , who says he has been unemployed since he was discharged from the military nine months ago , speaks in platitudes about his campaign and contends that he traveled the entire state to get his message to voters .
But , he ’s not specific at all in the interviews about where or how he campaigned .
He even concedes in one of the television interviews that he never held a campaign event , did n’t attend any larger Democratic primary gatherings and did n’t even have a campaign Web site .
And he never filed any financial reporting forms .
Asked how he won , he said South Carolinians could relate to him more than any other candidate .
Mr. Greene was also asked about the cash he used to pay the filing fee , especially given the fact that he ’s receiving unemployment benefits and also is represented in criminal court by a public defender .
He said it was his own money .
But Mr. Clyburn ’s remarks fueled even more suspicions after The Hill newspaper published what the lawmaker had said on the Bill Press radio show .
“ I would hope the U.S. Attorney down there would look at this , ” Mr. Clyburn said .
“ Somebody gave him that $ 10,000 and he who took it should be investigated , and he who gave it should be investigated . ”
That seems to be the growing consensus among state and local officials .
The Post and Courier in Charleston interviewed several puzzled lawmakers and Mr. Greene ’s Democratic opponent for the nomination , Vic Rawl , a former state lawmaker .
( He spent about $ 250,000 on his campaign for the Senate nomination , and did n’t take Mr. Greene ’s candidacy seriously until he began winning Tuesday night , the newspaper notes .
( Mr. Greene received 59 percent of the vote . )
So how did this come about ?
Was it his top ballot position ?
The fact that he ’s African - American , which some have suggested might have swayed the sizable numbers of black primary voters ?
Or was it something else ?
Here ’s what the Post and Courier reported from its interviews :
State Representative Bakari Sellers , D - Denmark , suggested Greene might have benefited from being listed first on Tuesday ’s ballot , but Fowler said the party ’s two relatively little - known Senate candidates in 2008 polled at nearly 50 - 50 .
State Senator Robert Ford , D - Charleston , who lost his gubernatorial bid Tuesday , said race could have played a role .
The Democratic primary electorate is majority black , as is Greene , but not Rawl .
“ Vic Rawl had money , but he did n’t have enough .
He was n’t able to identify himself with black voters , ” Ford said .
“ No white folks have an ‘ e ’ on the end of Green .
The blacks after they left the plantation could n’t spell , and they threw an ‘ e ’ on the end . ”
If outside forces played a role in Greene ’s win , they ’ve covered their tracks well so far .
The race did n’t seem to tilt based on any last - minute mailing , robocall or word of mouth through established Democratic networks .
“ Whatever happened , it was damn stealthy , ” Rawl said .
Top Democratic officials in the state are noting that tomorrow ( Friday ) is the day the election returns must be certified .
If Mr. Greene were to withdraw , Mr. Rawl could easily be named the nominee , according to news reports .
Veteran Washington reporter and columnist Helen Thomas announced Monday that she is retiring effective immediately , according to a statement from the Hearst Corporation .
Thomas 's decision came days after her controversial statement that Jews should " get the hell out of Palestine . "
" I deeply regret my comments I made last week regarding the Israelis and the Palestinians , " Thomas said in a statement .
" They do not reflect my heart - felt belief that peace will come to the Middle East only when all parties recognize the need for mutual respect and tolerance .
May that day come soon . ’’
Thomas under fire for saying Jews in Israel should go back to Germany , Poland
We ’ve all seen horrible attempts at cosplay , whether it be in person or over the internet .
But every now and then , we see a cosplay that just leaves us speechless .
Enter Greg Peltz and Ryan Rasmussen , two Team Fortress 2 fans who felt most attempts at TF2 cosplay , good as some might be , ultimately fell short , something that inspired them to create their own Medic and Soldier costumes .
Its not a original idea , no , but we both wanted to do it right .
Put in the right key words and you can find mountains of attempts at the costume , but most … come up short .
We wanted to get the costumes as close as physically possible to the actual designs .
Most of the costume elements were made from scratch , we paid particular attention to the weapons and gear since we wanted them to be really accurate .
For having made these costumes from scratch , they really are amazing and look pretty damn close to the characters from the actual game .
Good job guys .
Geeks everywhere salute you for your dedication .
To check out the image gallery , jump past the break .
[ via Geekologie ]
Location : Ypsilanti , Michigan , USA
Matsuri was found along with three other little kittens in a wood pile outside our home .
While the other kitties have found new homes , he will be staying here .
He may only be 3 - 4 weeks old but he ’s already got a loving personality .
The kneejerk reaction to the completely unsurprising FOMC statement was down ...
Which is why the corresponding 12 handle move up in the ES is perfectly understandable ... as long as one understands that our market is totally broken .
12 handles in 1 minute as the market went offerless !
Have fun with that .
As we noted earlier , ignore the record low new home sales number : the algos will not let this market go until they melt it up to some level which Obama believes is sufficiently high to sneak at least 4 or 5 congressmen and senators in at the midterms .
Good work computers - once again you have thrown out any marginal homo sapiens investors as anyone who does n't think in binary has now lost all faith in stocks for good .
Germany 's Federal Court of Justice on Friday overturned the conviction of a lawyer who advised an elderly comatose woman 's family to cut off her feeding tube , in a landmark ruling on euthanasia .
The high - profile case involved 71 - year - old Erika Kuellmer who slipped into a vegetative state after a cerebral haemorrhage in October 2002 and , confined to a nursing home , was fed through a tube for five years .
Although Kuellmer had expressed the wish not to be kept alive under such circumstances , the home 's management refused to let her die .
On the advice of her lawyer , Kuellmer 's daughter finally cut the feeding tube with a pair of scissors in the presence of her brother and Kuellmer died two days later of " natural causes " , according to an autopsy .
A lower court acquitted the daughter of killing her mother because she had " mistakenly " followed her lawyer 's advice .
The son committed suicide a few months after the death of his mother .
Meanwhile the attorney , Wolfgang Putz , was convicted and given a nine - month suspended sentence .
But the federal tribunal found that Putz , a prominent patients ' rights advocate , had acted legally and in the patient 's interest because she had clearly expressed her wish not to be kept alive artificially .
" An improvement in her health condition was not to be expected , " the court said in a statement on the ruling .
" The expressed wish of the patient in September 2002 , which her carers had approved and confirmed , was binding . "
A German law went into effect last September allowing patients to pre-determine which life - saving measures they would opt not to receive in a medical emergency .
Chief justice Ruth Rissing - van Saan had said when agreeing to hear the case that the court aimed to define the line between " killing " and " natural death " .
" The expressed wishes of the patient ... justified not only the end of treatment via the withholding of further nourishment but also the active step of ending or preventing the treatment she no longer wanted , " the court said .
The issue is particularly charged in Germany , where the Nazis cynically labelled a mass extermination programme for around 100,000 disabled people deemed unfit to live " euthanasia " .
Before the court , Putz had argued that Kuellmer 's life was no longer worth living in the eyes of her family .
Justice Minister Sabine Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger hailed the ruling as a victory for self - determination and dignity in death .
" There may not be forced medical treatment against a person 's will , " she said .
But patients ' right organisations warned that Germans needed to be " crystal clear " in formulating their wishes .
" Only clearly formulated living wills can be respected , " Sonja Hecker of the German Association for Provision and Care Rights advised , to spare dying patients and their loved ones battles in court .
Explore further Court Denies Vonage Bid for Patent Case Retrial
( c ) 2010 AFP
The more one looks at the Bradley Manning case , the stranger the whole thing seems .
SPC Manning , you ’ll recall , is the 22 - year - old intelligence analyst arrested for … well , there still have n’t been any charges filed , after three weeks , but what we know is this :
He is the " leaker " who got his hands on the " Collateral Murder " video that showed US pilots chortling as they shot down Iraqi civilians in cold blood .
He also leaked a video showing an apparently much bloodier massacre in Garani , Afghanistan , carried out by US forces .
Wikileaks is said to be preparing its release soon .
Furthermore , Manning also reportedly gained access to 260,000 US diplomatic cables – the history of US shenanigans abroad for at least the past few years — and handed them over to Wikileaks .
This last is what has the Pentagon and the State Department in a panic , and – although the US government denies it – it looks very much like Wikileaks founder Julian Assange is the object of a manhunt by the feds , who would like to " discourage " him from releasing the cables .
This story was broken by Wired , and just how the leading hi tech magazine stumbled on the scoop is suspicious in the extreme .
Adrian Lamo , the once - homeless " hacktivist " who broke into Yahoo and the New York Times web sites , claims to have been contacted by Manning – a total stranger — who then immediately confessed ( " boasted " or " bragged " is the word used in news accounts ) about what he had done .
Lamo , who says he ’s a " supporter " of Wikileaks , immediately turned him in .
Why ?
Because " lives were in danger , " and it was his " patriotic duty , " and , well , he was just diagnosed with something called " Asperger ’s Syndrome , " which supposedly leaves its victims without any empathy for other human beings .
A perfect syndrome for a snitch .
Lamo is said to be a publicity hound , but this piece describing the life of the " infamous " hacker illustrates the principle that not all pr is good pr :
" On Thursday afternoon , Adrian Lamo sat quietly in the corner of a Starbucks inside the Carmichael Safeway , tapping on a laptop that requires his thumbprint to turn on and answering his cell phone .
" The first call , he said , came from an FBI agent asking about a death threat Lamo had received .
" The second was from a Domino ’s pizza outlet .
One of his many new enemies had left his name and number on a phony order .
" The third was from Army counterintelligence , he said .
" In other circumstances , it might be easy to dismiss his claims .
" He is an unassuming 29 - year - old who lives with his parents on a dead - end street in Carmichael [ California ] and was recently released from a mental ward . "
This is somebody – a " reformed " criminal who ’s just been released from the loony bin – whose word we are supposed to accept as good coin , and whose recounting of the " facts " surrounding the Manning case is being repeated in the media as if it were the gospel truth .
To begin with , Wired reporter Kevin Poulsen and Adrian Lamo are good friends ( in spite of Lamo ’s unconvincing denial ) : they share a " hacktivist " ( i.e. criminal ) background , and Poulsen has acted as his de facto attorney in all this , vouching for his rather fanciful story and giving Lamo the publicity he seems to crave .
Although Poulsen never admits to being actually engaged in the operation , except to break the story , the whole affair looks to be a COINTELPRO - type operation , with the two of them working together in drawing out their quarry and then framing the public discourse once Manning is safely held incommunicado in the brig .
How convenient for the government : no Miranda rights , no constitutional protections for Manning , just a couple of dicey " hacktivists , " one masquerading as a " journalist , " and the deed was done .
Which makes one wonder : is the entire staff of Wired magazine afflicted with Snitch Syndrome ?
Or have they just become an arm of the federal government ?
The weirdness of the Manning affair is exacerbated by the really odd character of the media coverage : the mainstream media has , for the most part , stayed away from the story , except for a perfunctory piece in the New York Times and a number of brief items repeating what is already known .
The hi-tech press , however , is all over this , with negative coverage – echoing Lamo ’s dubious assertions virtually word for word – predominating .
Take , for example , this piece in Zdnet , which is nothing but arbitrary assertions , padded with irrelevant head - scratching :
" Life is full of little decisions .
What to make for dinner .
What color T - shirt to wear .
Whether it ’s time to mock Apple fans again .
You know , those little , simple decisions of daily life .
But for Adrian Lamo , the decision was whether or not to call the U.S. Government and turn in a U.S. Army intelligence analyst .
Adrian made the right decision . "
Why was this the right decision ?
For paragraph upon paragraph , in the course of which we are deluged with Lamo ’s fanciful account of how he supposedly caught a " spy , " the piece simply states and re-states the author ’s moral evaluation of Manning ’s actions , without bothering to make an argument .
" Manning was wrong .
Manning is a traitor .
Adrian is not . "
The entire article is written in this kind of baby talk :
" An Army intelligence analyst leaked secrets , those secrets need to be recovered , and the leaker must be punished .
Lamo ’s a hero and Assange is a bad guy . "
The author , one David Gewirtz , is as odd as his rhetorical style : president and founder of something called the U.S. Strategic Perspective Institute , which sounds like a government agency and would certainly like to be a government agency but is n’t – quite yet .
Gewirtz has a number of " projects " his Institute is pursuing , including a " National Skills Database , " which sounds very much like a proposal for a government contract , and a system through which one can always " Buy American " instead of being a traitor by buying " foreign " goods .
( That also sounds like a candidate for some lucrative government subsidies . )
He is the author of numerous articles detailing how we can use online social networks to track down terrorists , and the logo of his Institute tells us all we need to know about his view of how government can use technology to keep an eye on us all .
As comical as this may seem , there is a dark side to it , as Gewirtz is far from alone in pursuing this line of reportage : check out a more sophisticated version of the same drivel posted on something calling itself " crabbygolightly.com , " where , along with stories about how to impress the girls and how Justin Bieber is n’t really dead , we come across a pseudo - psychological profile of Manning , and whistleblowers in general , by one " Elizabeth C. "
According to this mystery author , Manning is " a naive , isolated and disillusioned idealist who may have had altruistic motives — traits that are common among whistleblowers , according to research on the subject . "
We are then treated to a dissertation - style compendium of " expert " opinions on the subject of whistleblowers , which types them as oddballs .
" Difficult " people who are " rather rigid " and afflicted with " low self - esteem . "
Yeah , sure , tell that to Dan Ellsberg , who I know does n’t have low self - esteem : and , indeed , this whole concept of the whistleblower as having little sense of self - worth seems crazily counterintuitive .
After all , here you are going up against a powerful force – the government – and its sycophants and supporters , who will do exactly what they are doing now : smearing Bradley as a " traitor " and a " spy " – when in fact he was spying on behalf of the American people , on a government that perpetually keeps them in the dark .
It seems to me that one would have to have an oversupply of self - esteem in order to pull it off as Bradley is doing , i.e. virtually alone .
Ah , but he is n’t alone , now is he ?
Here ’s a web site set up by his friends and supporters , and , while I ’m not connected with it and ca n’t take responsibility for anything posted there , I ’m putting it out there anyway because this is such an important issue .
If indeed Manning leaked those cables then we are in for a treat : we get to look at the inside story of American foreign policy at a critical juncture , the very point when our old republic morphed into an empire .
For that , alone , he will go down in history as a hero : now let ’s make sure he ’s not a martyred hero .
DDO Vale Puzzle Solver
( taken from Lights out puzzle solver and modified )
- video encodings still in process - - video encodings still in process -
2 videosobama exacerbating this epic spill - his CG indefinitely stall clean up efforts because ' fire extinguishers and flotation vests were not sufficient ' .
Coast Guard shuts down oil - skimming barges due to … lack of life vests onboardShare posted at 8:35 pm on June 17 , 2010 by Allahpunditprinter - friendly Bureaucracy fever — catch it !
Eight days ago , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal ordered barges to begin vacuuming crude oil out of his state ’s oil - soaked waters .
Today , against the governor ’s wishes , those barges sat idle , even as more oil flowed toward the Louisiana shore .
“ It ’s the most frustrating thing , ” the Republican governor said today in Buras , La . “ Literally , yesterday morning we found out that they were halting all of these barges . ” …
[ T ]he Coast Guard ordered the stoppage because of reasons that Jindal found frustrating .
The Coast Guard needed to confirm that there were fire extinguishers and life vests on board , and then it had trouble contacting the people who built the barges …
“ They promised us they were going to get it done as quickly as possible , ” [ Jindal ] said .
But “ every time you talk to someone different at the Coast Guard , you get a different answer .
” The barges are now back to work thanks to Jindal pounding the table , but follow the link and read the whole piece .
This is by no means an isolated incident : Alabama ’s governor is running into the same problems thanks to the alphabet soup of federal agencies attempting to govern the clean - up by committee .
If you wanted to know why an oil - spill czar was needed , this is why — because the red tape is so thick , the only way to possibly cut through it is to , er , add a little bit more red tape and bind up all the loose ends under the authority of a single officer .
How lucky do you feel ?
Very much worth three minutes of your time : Jindal and the locals do what little they can to turn back the thick black tide .
Newsweek 's Reed : Obama ' Out of His Cotton - Picking Mind ' By Bob Parks ( Bio | Archive ) Fri , 06/18/2010 - 08:14 ET
The left 's strategy is clear : any opposition to President Obama is not driven by ideological and / or political disagreement .
No , it 's driven by racism and whole groups of people have been strategically tarnished .
You would think these people would be even more careful , then again the majority of people making racist statements against the president these days seems to be coming from the left ....
He said I know this is going to be — lead to some , quote , difficulty for the guys who work on those rigs .
Well , if he thinks that some guys on the rigs are the only people that are going to be affected by a six - month oil moratorium , he ’s out of his cotton - picking mind .
— Julia Reed , Newsweek senior editor on CNN on Anderson Cooper 360 , June 16 .
Whoops .
While we all know what Obama supporters would be shreiking had this been said by a Republican , watch how quickly this dies down when coming from one of their own .
Tags :
This manual tugging guide contributed by Tally , a firm believer in taking matters into his own hands !
Using nothing but your hands , you can still tug and achieve good results .
Method 2 is the method described by Doug on his Manual Methods of Foreskin restoration website .
Method 2 involves using both hands to tension a length of foreskin on the shaft of the penis .
Join to Read More !
To read more about manual tugging , become a member and log onto the site .
Inside the member 's area is much more detailed information about manual tugging .
Method 2 is the best manual tugging method for beginners to get enough slack to wear a device .
If you were cut tight , say a CI - 1 or a CI - 2 , or you were cut looser , method 2 of manual tugging is a good way to start restoring your foreskin .
Manual tugging method 2 has been my primary tugging method .
It has taken me from tight erections to full flaccid coverage with overhang .
I still use manual method 2 as I work towards full erect coverage .
Hand / Finger placement
Method 2 is basically making an OK symbol with the thumb and index finger of each hand .
With one hand , the thumb and index finger encircle the shaft of your penis near your scrotum .
With the other hand , the thumb and index finger encircle the shaft near the glans .
With a firm grip , the two hands are moved apart to stretch the skin on your shaft .
The illustration above is by ThePowersthatBe
who has graciously permitted its use here .
The illustration shows how to tug the outer skin between the circ scar and the scrotum .
To tug the inner foreskin remnant , position the upper hand close to the corona , such as shown in the picture below .
Method 2 is usually done with an erection .
Showers and some growers can do it while flaccid .
It all depends upon if you can fit your hands and fingers on your shaft .
The illustration above shows one way the hands can be positioned for manual tugging with method 2 .
The picture below shows another .
The picture below shows me tugging .
My hands are positioned as illustrated above , except my upper hand is next to my corona so that I am tensioning my inner and outer skin .
I am flaccid and my circumcision scar is visible between my hands .
Another difference is that the illustration is a view looking up at the bottom of the penis and the picture below is me tugging looking down at my hands .
It does not matter which way your hands are positioned or which hand you use where .
I mix it up to keep my hands from getting sore .
The whole idea is to be able to grab your shaft skin and apply tension .
How much tension is enough ?
One benefit to manual tugging is that you can see your skin while tugging .
I pull my hands apart until all the slack skin is taken up .
I pull a bit more so that the skin is fully stretched .
Then I pull just a little bit more and hold for 5 to 30 seconds .
I then relax my hands for a few seconds and repeat .
I do this for 1 to 20 minutes at a time .
After tugging a few times , the surface of my skin takes on a wrinkled texture , with the wrinkles being tiny and close together .
When I apply tension , the skin smooths out and looks almost glossy or smooth .
But , not too much tension !
Tugging should never hurt .
There should not be any pain or soreness from tugging .
The longer you apply tension , the less tension you can safely apply without it being painful .
Said in another way , more tension can be applied if you tug for only a few seconds at a time .
After a good manual tugging session , the skin may become red and warm , even hot .
Tugging causes the body to increase the blood flow to your skin to help alleviate the stress caused by tugging .
How often do I need to do this ?
The purpose of tugging is to induce mitosis .
Mitosis is the process in which new skin cells grow , which makes the shaft skin longer , which will become our restored foreskin .
There are no scientific studies that tell us how much tension should be applied for how long or how often .
All we have is the experience of others to guide us .
When I started tugging , I was able to grow more than 1/4 inch ( 6 mm ) of shaft skin per month using this method and other manual methods .
I tugged every few hours , for 1 minute ( when I was in the bathroom ) up to 20 or 30 minutes ( in the evening when I had privacy ) .
I usually manually tugged for a total of one hour a day , sometimes up to 2 hours .
I spaced my manual tugging throughout the day .
But my inner foreskin is too sensitive for this !
When I started , my skin was very keratinized and I had no trouble grabbing my inner foreskin next to my corona glans .
But , after a while , my inner foreskin became too sensitive to comfortably grab the skin .
I found that when I was in the shower that I could tug by grabbing my inner foreskin .
Because I like long , hot showers , this worked well for me .
Another alternative that works for me is to grab my glans instead of encircling my inner foreskin .
My glans is less sensitive than my inner foreskin .
I cannot apply as much tension this way , but I can target my inner foreskin by pulling with one hand on my glans and the other just below my circumcision scar .
Is this only for beginners ?
Not at all !
I started restoring my foreskin by tugging with method 2 .
I am currently about CI - 6 and I still use method 2 , along with squeeze - stretch and other manual methods .
As my skin grew longer , I began tugging it in sections .
I would first tug my inner foreskin , then I would tug between my circumcision scar and my hairline next to my scrotum .
As I grew even more skin , I would roll my skin up my glans and grab that skin with one hand and have the other at my hair line next to my scrotum .
That would tension my outer foreskin without irritating my inner foreskin .
I would use squeeze - stretch to tension my inner foreskin or I would use method two and target my inner foreskin by grabbing my shaft near the circumcision scar with one hand and the other hand would grab the shaft skin near the corona or I would just hold the glans .
Return to Foreskin Restoration Methods
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Military Advocate General Maj. - Gen. Avichai Mandelblit decided Sunday to open an investigation against former commander of the Kfir Brigade Col .
Itay Virob for testifying during a court hearing last year that it is permissible to occasionally use violence against Palestinian detainees .
The investigation was launched against Virob , who has since stepped down as Kfir ’s commander , as well as Lt. - Col .
Shimon Harush , the former commander of the Shimshon Battalion .
The investigation was opened following the officers ’ testimony during the trial of First - Lt. Adam Malul who was indicted for violently attacking a Palestinian detainee during a military operation in the village of Kadum near Nablus .
The two were relieved of command as result of the trial where they stated that when conducting impromptu searches of Palestinian civilians choke - holds , knee - capping and other " limited " violent behavior was permitted in the units under their command .
“ Holding up against a wall , pushing , giving a hit that does not injure are certainly things that are common while trying to fulfill a mission , ” Virob was quoted as saying during the trial .
Mandelblit decided to open the investigation against the officers following a petition by Yeshi Din .
“ The MAG did not have a choice and his decision was necessary , ” said Michael Sfarad , Yesh Din ’s legal counsel .
“ The more the IDF the is prepared to professionally and seriously investigate accusations of abuse of Palestinians will benefit the State of Israel ’s moral character .
”
“ The MAG did not have a choice and his decision was necessary , ” said Michael Sfard , Yesh Din ’s legal counsel .
“ The more the IDF is prepared to professionally and seriously investigate accusations of abuse of Palestinians , the more this will benefit the State of Israel ’s moral character .
” Other top IDF officers came out in the past against Virob .
Former OC Central Command Maj. - Gen. Gadi Shamni , today the IDF ’s Military Attache in Washington DC , told the court last September that soldiers are not allowed to use force during the questioning of Palestinian detainees .
" There are clear codes of conduct in Judea and Samaria , on what is allowed and what is forbidden , " Shamni said at the time .
" It is all clear and the soldiers know where the red lines are . "
Mid-2008 , hoping at best to receive a signed photo from his idol in return , a young man named Adam wrote to Pete Docter , the award - winning director of Monsters , Inc. and , more recently , Up .
In the letter he spoke of his admiration for Docter and , as an amateur filmmaker and huge Pixar fan , mentioned his desire to work for the studio in the future .
Lo and behold , months later the lovely handwritten note seen below arrived on Adam ’s doorstep .
Says Adam :
Here is what I received from Pete Docter , one of the most influential and important people at Pixar , the best animation studio on the planet .
Transcript follows .
Many thanks to Adam for allowing us to feature his letter .
Be sure to check out his blog , Disney , etc .
Recommended Reading : The Art of Up .
Transcript 10.17.08 Hey Adam !
First off , let me apologize for taking so long to respond to your very kind letter .
Things are pretty nuts around here .
You had asked for an autographed photo of me ; I do n’t really have anything like that , not being famous .
But here is a drawing of me for you .
[ Illustration ]
I ’m sure you can see the resemblance .
You are sure right about the importance of a good story in movies .
Unfortunately , it ’s not as easy as it sounds .
It takes a lot of work ( and rework , and rework and rework ) to get it right .
And even then quite often we ’re not 100 % pleased .
As John Lasseter likes to say , our films do n’t get finished , they just get released .
Hope you enjoy “ UP ” next year !
Pete Docter
Stephen Sackur talks to the President of Venezuela , Hugo Chavez .
Chavez rejects accusations that he incarcerated opponents and defends his friendship with the President of Iran .
In an exclusive for BBC HARDtalk , Stephen Sackur talks to the President of Venezuela , Hugo Chavez .
During the interview the President delivers an uncompromising message , accusing the Obama administration of ' imperialist pretensions ' .
He rejects accusations that he incarcerated opponents and defends his friendship with the President of Iran .
0 % found this document useful ( 0 votes )
0 ratings 0 % found this document useful ( 0 votes )
In the Beginning
something i wrote for my mythology class
Save Save In the Beginning For Later
0 % 0 % found this document useful , Mark this document as useful
0 % 0 % found this document not useful , Mark this document as not useful
Embed
Share
While Matthews touched on many of the most troubling aspects of the New Crusaders , there was a noticeable absence of fervor when discussing the very real threats posed by a small but zealous group of reactionaries bent on terminating their ideological rivals .
The documentary efficiently checked off the major flash points , but did so in a rather detached manner that diminishes the dangers posed by giving serious consideration to a phony party that was created by corporatists , fed by media , and dependent on the willful ignorance that is the byproduct of greed and fear .
Nevertheless , the subjects of this program have gotten their panties in a bunch by what they regard as slander and a " left - wing propaganda hit piece " .
In response , FreedomWorks has joined with Tea Partiers to boycott an MSNBC advertiser .
For some reason they singled out Dawn Dishwashing Liquid .
From the FreedomWorks web site :
" Tea Party leaders from coast to coast are fighting back against the smears by boycotting one of the network 's sponsors , Dawn dish soap , until they cut off funding to MSNBC .
FreedomWorks believes it is important to join this effort , and show unity with other Tea Party groups in the face of these attacks by writing , calling and faxing the offices of Dawn ( and parent company , Procter and Gamble ) to ask them to stop subsidizing these vicious attacks by MSNBC and Chris Matthews . "
There is a certain measure of irony in this boycott initiative .
FreedomWorks just became a sponsor of Glenn Beck 's radio program .
Beck told his listeners that accepting FreedomWorks as a sponsor was a " hard decision " because he did not " want to send the message to you that the way to restore our republic is through the political process only . "
Despite his reluctance , Beck gave a full - throated endorsement to FreedomWorks and urged his audience to " link arms " with them and to " get on every bandwagon " they can .
First of all , Beck 's pretension that he has some sort of aversion to politics is perhaps one of the best examples yet of his severance from reality .
He rants about politics and Washington every single day .
But more to the point , he has been the target of a surprisingly successful boycott that has cost him more than a hundred advertisers .
Beck has taken to the air to denounce these activists as commies and thugs who are out to deprive him of his Constitutional rights .
But now he is embracing a new sponsor ( one of the few not ashamed to be associated with him ) that is engaging in the same tactics that he fiercely condemns .
I have no problem with any group engaging in a boycott .
It 's a time - honored part of democracy .
If FreedomWorks wants dirty dishes they are free to boycott Dawn or Ivory or Joy or any dishwashing liquid they like .
I am curious though as to why they singled out Dawn .
Perhaps it has something to do with this :
" For 32 years , the International Bird Rescue Research Center has had a surprise weapon in the battle against the oil : Dawn dishwashing detergent .
After a 1971 oil spill , the California - based nonprofit group began experimenting with products including paint thinner and nail polish remover to find the least traumatizing method for cleaning oiled animals .
In 1978 , the researchers settled on the blue liquid soap . "
Dawn 's website claims they have rescued thousands of animals over 35 years .
They have donated 7,000 bottles of detergent to the current oil spill crisis in the Gulf .
Maybe a crony corporate enterprise like FreedomWorks does n't like the fact that Dawn eliminates oil or that they help wildlife ( for the record , Dawn is an oil - based detergent and may not be the best overall choice for the environment ) .
Maybe an organization so wrapped in hypocrisy should be boycotting Palmolive , because when it comes to hypocrisy , " they 're soaking in it " ( h/t Madge ) .
It 's unlikely that the FreedomWorks boycott will amount to much .
Targeting a single product would n't cause much of a dent even if they were successful in getting P&G to stop running ads for Dawn .
And FreedomWorks is n't even focusing their effort on Chris Matthews ' show but at the MSNBC network .
Their announcement of the boycott leads off with this bit of bravado :
" If MSNBC ‘s ratings could go down any further , they would after this show . "
FreedomWorks may be disheartened to learn that the Matthews documentary posted the second highest rating for the network during primetime as well as being the # 2 program in its time period .
The documentary performed more than 60 % better than Matthews ' average rating for May 2010 .
If Tea Baggers do n't like seeing themselves portrayed as militant nutcases , then they should stop acting like them and associating with them .
They should stop embracing leaders like Beck , Sarah Palin , and Newt Gingrich , who frequently use hostile rhetoric .
Gingrich even called the Tea Party the " militant wing of the GOP . "
Lashing out at relatively mild documentaries and boycotting their advertisers is n't going to gain them much respect .
To the contrary , it will reveal just how small and impotent a minority they really are .
And as for losing viewers , it 's not like FreedomWorks members were ever in MSNBC 's audience in the first place .
A 29 - YEAR - OLD man has died after his ute rolled following a collision with a cyclist in north Queensland .
Police say the ute and a cyclist collided at a intersection at the township of Wongaling Beach , south of Cairns around 5.25 am AEST today .
The cyclist is lucky to be alive , escaping with hip injuries .
He has been taken to hospital and is in a serious but stable condition , police say .
The driver of the ute was taken to Tully Hospital but died on arrival .
Police say the ute appears to have rolled before smashing into a statue .
Investigations are continuing into the cause of the crash .
Originally published as Driver dies after colliding with cyclist
With sea ice levels in the Arctic at record lows this month , a new report comparing scientists ' predictions calls for caution in over - interpreting a few weeks worth of data from the North Pole .
The Sea Ice Outlook , which will be released this week , brings together more than a dozen teams ' best guesses at how much sea ice will disappear by the end of the warm season in September .
This year began with a surprise .
More sea ice appeared than anticipated , nearing its mean level from 1979 - 2007 .
But then ice levels plummeted through May and into June .
Scientists have never seen the Arctic with less ice at this time of year in the three decades they 've been able to measure it , and they expect below average ice for the rest of the year .
But looking ahead , the ultimate amount of sea ice melt is hard to determine .
Some trends , like the long - term warming of the Arctic and overall decreases in the thickness of sea ice , argue for very low levels of sea ice .
But there are countervailing factors , too :
The same weather pattern that led to higher - than - normal temperatures in the Arctic this year is also changing the circulation of sea ice , which could keep it in colder water and slow the melting .
" For this date , it 's the lowest we 've seen in the record , but will that pattern hold up ?
We do n't know .
The sea ice system surprises us , " said Mark Serreze , director of the National Snow and Ice Data Center .
The loss of summer sea ice over decades is one of the firmest predictions of climate models :
Given the current patterns of fossil fuel use and the amount of carbon dioxide already in the atmosphere , sea-ice - free summers in the arctic are a virtual certainty by the end of century , and possibly much sooner .
As the globe heats up , the poles are disproportionately affected .
Warmer temperatures melt ice , revealing the dark sea water that had previously been covered .
That changes the albedo , or reflectivity , of the area , allowing it to absorb more heat .
That , along with many other feedback loops makes predicting change in the Arctic immensely difficult .
In 2007 , the extent of sea ice in the Arctic declined rapidly .
The drop from the previous year was so precipitous that it garnered worldwide attention and media coverage .
In the last couple of years , the extent of sea ice in the Arctic , measured by the amount of square miles it covers , has recovered .
This series of events , which underscored the year - to - year variability of the measurement , has made researchers cautious about describing events in the Arctic .
" In hindsight , probably too much was read into 2007 , and I would take some blame for that , " Serreze said .
" There were so many of us that were astounded by what happened , and maybe we read too much into it . "
Some good may have come out of the astonishing ice loss that year , though .
It was in the wake of that shocking summer that the Arctic science community came together to try a new approach to climate science .
All the big groups working on modeling the sea ice system would reveal their methods , and make predictions , allowing scientists to learn from each and see what worked .
" When this started in 2007 , it was pretty scary for a lot of the scientists , putting these numbers out there , " said Helen Wiggins , program coordinator of the Arctic Research Consortium of the United States .
" It 's a different way to do science .
It 's more a community synthesizing exercise . "
With climate modelers increasingly under attack over the past year , the partnership to create the Sea Ice Outlook , which is organized through Study of Environmental Arctic Change , could be a model for other groups of scientists .
Data - heavy , model - dependent fields exposing the mechanisms of the science to scrutiny may be squirm - inducing , but it has already yielded good results .
" There has been cross-pollination with datasets and different types of data , " Wiggins said .
" It 's been a very valuable exercise because you put your cards on the table and see who is going to get it right , " Serreze agreed .
All but one of the predictions from the Sea Ice Outlook expect the minimum coverage of sea ice to fall between 4.2 and 5.7 million square kilometers ( 1.6 and 2.2 million square miles ) .
One group predicts just a million square kilometers , which would easily break the 2007 record minimum of 4.3 million square kilometers .
In 2009 , the sea ice minimum was 5.3 million kilometers .
Images : 1 ) Two icebreakers side - by - side . / USGS .
2 ) National Snow and Ice Data Center .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Tumblr , and forthcoming book on the history of green technology ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
As part of his commuting Juliet 's death sentence , Ben ordered Juliet to be marked instead .
Jack asked Juliet to show him the mark and she revealed a strange symbol branded onto her lower back .
( " Stranger in a Strange Land " )
The symbol resembled an upside - down cross ( with the top line longer than the others ) , with two ( or four ) lines facing away from the center on the horizontal line .
The mark was raised , reddened , and inflamed .
Jack then treated it with an aloe leaf .
Trivia
The alchemic symbol for spirit
Juliet 's mark resembled the alchemic mark for spirit ( seen right ) .
Juliet was given her mark in " Stranger in a Strange Land " , the same episode in which the origin of Jack 's own tattoo ( which also had stars ) was revealed .
" , the same episode in which the origin of Jack 's own tattoo ( which also had stars ) was revealed .
This mark is almost identical to the mark the protectors of the Holy Grail wear in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade .
.
This mark is an eight - pointed star , which symbolises resurrection , rebirth , and renewal , which is why it was worn as an insignia by the protectors of the Holy Grail in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade .
.
In the Bible , after being cursed and banished into the wilderness for killing his brother Abel , ( Gen. 4:10 – 12 )
God placed a mark on Cain to protect him from anyone who intended to kill him , so that person would be punished " sevenfold " .
( Genesis 4:14 - 16 )
God placed a mark on Cain to protect him from anyone who intended to kill him , so that person would be punished " sevenfold " .
Juliet 's mark had certain visual similarities to the tree mark but there is no evidence yet to conclude that they were the same symbol or what either symbol meant .
In the March 30th , 2007 Podcast , Elizabeth Mitchell suggests the mark meant Juliet was a traitor and a killer .
Juliet 's mark also resembled an inverted version of the 8 - armed cross that symbolizes the Church of Scientology .
The frozen wheel had eight spokes .
A compass has eight main directions , the major one being North .
In a test to discover the influence of the Man in Black , Sayid and Claire were branded by the Others .
They were , however different brands . ( " What Kate Does " ) ( " Lighthouse " )
Fox Walden has released the first trailer for The Chronicles of Narnia : The Voyage of the Dawn Treader , opening in 3D and 2D theaters on December 10 .
Directed by Michael Apted , the third film in the franchise stars Georgie Henley , Skandar Keynes , Ben Barnes , Will Poulter , Gary Sweet , Bruce Spence , Arthur Angel , Shane Rangi and Liam Neeson .
This time around  Edmund and Lucy Pevensie , along with their pesky cousin Eustace Scrubb  find themselves swallowed into a painting and on to a fantastic Narnian ship headed for the very edges of the world .
Joining forces once again with their royal friend Prince Caspian and the warrior mouse Reepicheep , they are whisked away on a mysterious mission to the Lone Islands , and beyond .
On this bewitching voyage that will test their hearts and spirits , the trio will face magical Dufflepuds , sinister slave traders , roaring dragons and enchanted merfolk .
Only an entirely uncharted journey to Aslan ’s Country  a voyage of destiny and transformation for each of those aboard the Dawn Treader  can save Narnia , and all the astonishing creatures in it , from an unfathomable fate .
In addition to all of the Kinect news at Microsoft 's E3 keynote , the company also officially unveiled the much - rumored new slim version of the Xbox 360 .
The new console looks exactly like the recently leaked images — with a fresh coat of glossy paint and a smaller , angular design — and will run gamers $ 300 .
It will feature a 250GB hard drive and built - in 802.11n WiFi .
The new Xbox 360 Slim versus the older model .
Surprisingly , the new console will actually be shipping to retailers today , which means consumers could potentially get their hands on the smaller 360 later this week .
Microsoft surprised everyone at the press event by saying a system had already been shipped to their home .
Ben is tearing into the system right now at a special Microsoft event , so expect detailed images and impressions very soon .
The greatest number of remains – 37 – were found from material underneath West Street , a highway on the west side of ground zero .
The new debris was uncovered as construction work made new parts of the site accessible .
Republicans have found little in Elena Kagan 's public statements , private utterances and nonjudicial paper trail to make a major fuss about .
' Boring ' nominee stays under radar
Elena Kagan ’s Supreme Court confirmation process has been so overshadowed by other events and issues , her name barely came up during President Barack Obama ’s contentious lunch with Senate Republicans late last month .
Obama briefly solicited GOP support for Kagan , but not a single Republican raised a concern about her or asked a question about the nomination — instead , they focused on everything from health care to Iran to the Gulf oil spill , according to Republican senators .
Advertisement
Some kind of fight is certain to break out — what SCOTUS hearing has n’t had at least a little drama ? — but so far , the White House is n’t complaining about the lack of a spotlight on its well - coached , amiable and thus far noncontroversial nominee .
Republicans have found little in Kagan ’s public statements , private utterances and nonjudicial paper trail to make a major fuss about .
When more than 46,000 pages of her work in the Clinton White House were released Friday afternoon , only a handful of Republicans and their conservative allies off Capitol Hill raised concerns about some of her liberal - leaning positions .
All of which is making some wonder :
What if they held a confirmation battle , but nobody showed up for a fight ?
“ She ’s a little bit boring — and boring is good , ” said one administration official close to the process , who added that the lack of a bombshell rallying point — aka “ wise Latina ” — is a “ huge help . ”
The administration is cautiously optimistic at the halfway mark of Kagan ’s scheduled interviews with all 100 senators , saying the former Harvard Law School dean has actually made a better , more polished impression than did Justice Sonia Sotomayor , who occasionally came off as prickly during her gantlet of similar interviews last year .
“ She does n’t have a controversial opinion for all of us to talk about , ” said South Carolina Sen .
Lindsey Graham , the lone GOP member on the Judiciary Committee to back Sotomayor ’s nomination last summer .
“ There ’s no ‘ wise Latina ’ comment that has made a lot of news , so in that case , it ’s probably good ” for her .
Added Texas Sen. John Cornyn , chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee and a Judiciary Committee member : “ She ’s a blank slate .
...
People are just sort of diligently trying to learn more about her and her record . ”
The current calculus could certainly change once the Clinton library releases all 160,000 pages of documents from Kagan ’s time as a White House adviser from 1995 to 1999 .
And her nomination could turn into a political wedge issue — and still spawn a major GOP offensive — if she stumbles during her hearings before the Judiciary Committee , which are scheduled to begin June 28 .
“ She ’s one sound bite away from getting 70 votes or 52 votes , ” Graham said .
Despite Kagan ’s low profile , she ’s been laying valuable groundwork , Obama aides said — using the Senate meetings as a series of focus groups to test answers to the toughest questions she ’ll face at her confirmation hearings .
When senators asked about her controversial decision to ban some military recruiting while she was dean of Harvard Law School , she has been emphasizing that her objections were narrow — based on the Pentagon ’s “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy — and do n’t reflect hostility to the military .
She also pointed out that military recruiters could actively recruit “ 250 feet away ” from her office at the school , according to a staffer who was present at one of the sit - downs .
She ’s tried to make light of her 1994 book review in which she decried the muzzling of Supreme Court nominees and the lack of “ substantive discussion ” of a candidate ’s views , Senate aides told POLITICO .
But she ’s also assured them that she will , in fact , provide more expansive answers during the hearings — even if those answers will largely be confined to explanations of her arguments before the court as Obama ’s solicitor general .
Kagan ’s boosters are confident she can withstand the scrutiny , and Republicans privately acknowledge that she ’ll almost certainly be confirmed and that fighting tooth and nail to block the nomination may not be politically advantageous .
The 50 - year - old Kagan has never been a judge and lacks published opinions , having spent much of her career in academia and government , making it harder to attack her nomination .
Another reason she ’s not likely to face a major fight :
She would replace the liberal lion on the court , Justice John Paul Stevens , ensuring that its balance of ideological power would not shift .
Moreover , some in the GOP said there ’s “ judicial fatigue ” in the Senate , given that Kagan is the fifth Supreme Court nomination in the past five years and that there could be another nomination before Obama ’s first term is up — and , as a result , the public may not be that engaged this time around .
Cornyn said a fight over judicial nominations would be good politically , since “ Republican voters understand very well and are very energized about the issue of judicial activism . ”
But asked why the party has n’t been making that case more aggressively in the context of Kagan ’s nomination , Cornyn said Republicans were already on safe ground because they pushed the issue hard during Sotomayor ’s nomination .
“ Sotomayor basically made our argument for us , ” Cornyn told POLITICO .
“ To that extent , I think we ’ve won that war . ”
Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R - Ala . ) , ranking member on the Judiciary Committee , said the military recruitment issue and Kagan ’s position arguing for more restrictive campaign finance laws in the Citizens United case have already become controversies in the confirmation process .
But even he said there has n’t been as much outrage as expected at her position on military recruitment , which he called an “ obvious problem from the very beginning . ”
“ A lot of people have misunderstood how significant it is and exactly what happened , ” said Sessions , who is prodding the Pentagon to give up documents detailing Kagan ’s role barring the recruiters from campus .
“ As people understand exactly what happened — that this was not something she inherited but an issue she drove and led on — it makes it more a significant issue . ”
Sessions has also latched onto some of Kagan ’s writings when she was a clerk for late Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall , saying she has a “ demonstrated history of bringing her liberal politics into the courthouse . ”
After the release of the Clinton - era records , Sessions ’s aides pointed to several controversial positions she took as the former president ’s senior aide , including ones over school rezoning , abortion , crime , the Second Amendment and marriage .
But Democrats are prepared to argue that Kagan was performing her duties as a White House aide — not as a judge — and will liken her approach to the one that Chief Justice John Roberts took when he worked as a lawyer during the Reagan administration , before becoming a judge .
For now , it ’s far from clear whether Republican senators will unify behind Sessions ’s more aggressive strategy .
Senate Minority Whip Jon Kyl ( R - Ariz . ) , a senior member of the Judiciary Committee , said “ there is no concerted Republican approach to the Kagan nomination ” — except that he and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) have urged Republicans to wait until her testimony and the release of her records before making final judgments .
McConnell has raised several concerns about the nomination , including whether Kagan supports banning books .
But Kyl said her “ thin ” paper trail means the GOP will need to get more out of her in the vetting process .
“ For those who want to make it a political issue , you might wait and see what kind of ammunition you got before you start firing , ” Kyl said .
Still , Graham said that a fight , in the end , could very well not become as heated as initially thought .
“ You know , she ’s replacing Stevens .
At the end of the day , that matters , ” Graham said .
“ She ’s been pretty open - minded and pretty solid in her reasoning .
Generally speaking , I expect her to be completely opposite ... of what a Republican would have nominated in terms of philosophy , but she seems to be obviously a smart person and has done a pretty good job as solicitor general . ”
Cambridge , Mass .
FIVE years ago , the Supreme Court , like the United States , had a plurality of white Protestants .
If Elena Kagan — whose confirmation hearings begin today — is confirmed , that number will be reduced to zero , and the court will consist of six Catholics and three Jews .
It is cause for celebration that no one much cares about the nominee ’s religion .
We are fortunate to have left behind the days when there was a so - called “ Catholic seat ” on the court , or when prominent Jews ( including the publisher of this newspaper ) urged President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1939 not to nominate Felix Frankfurter because they worried that having “ too many ” Jews on the court might fuel anti-Semitism .
But satisfaction with our national progress should not make us forget its authors : the very Protestant elite that founded and long dominated our nation ’s institutions of higher education and government , including the Supreme Court .
Unlike almost every other dominant ethnic , racial or religious group in world history , white Protestants have ceded their socioeconomic power by hewing voluntarily to the values of merit and inclusion , values now shared broadly by Americans of different backgrounds .
The decline of the Protestant elite is actually its greatest triumph .
Like any ethno-racial or religious group , the population of white Protestants is internally diverse .
It would be foolish to conflate the descendants of New England smallholders with the offspring of Scandinavian sod farmers in the Middle West , just as it would be a mistake to confuse the Milanese with the Sicilians , or the children of Havana doctors with the grandchildren of dirt farmers from Chiapas , Mexico .
Okaloosa Island , Florida ( CNN ) --
Vacationers were the first to notice the bird fumbling in the water near this popular tourist beach last week .
It bobbed and swayed differently than other birds , and did n't react when humans came dangerously close .
Once it was ashore , they could see why : a light sheen of oil covered its feathers .
Animal health technician Stephanie Neumann tried to rescue the Northern Gannet , but beach safety officers stopped her .
Her coworkers at the Emerald Coast Wildlife Refuge already had stabilized birds and a sea turtle affected by the Gulf oil disaster , but officials wanted to know :
Did she have a contract with BP ?
Could she -- and the bird -- wait while they verified her organization 's status ?
" They 're trying to do their job , " Neumann said as she crouched over the motionless bird , wrapped in a white sheet and barely hidden from the stares of kids and parents .
" They have to make sure protocol is followed . "
When brown clumps of tar began to wash up on the snow - white beaches around Destin last week , the mood in this sunny beach community shifted from optimistic denial to furious worry .
Local ideas about how to protect the area clashed with plans from BP , state and federal agencies .
Community volunteers struggling to cut through protocol cheered a decision by Okaloosa County to defy BP and the feds .
They were done waiting .
They 'd use their own plans .
" This is ridiculous .
We 'll take the heat .
We would do whatever it took to stop the oil , " said the county commission chairman , Wayne Harris .
After months of wrangling with agencies responding to the spill , Harris was n't willing to stake the county 's ecology and economy only on boom that captures or absorbs oil .
The commission authorized emergency management teams to add skimmers , barges and extra boom , and an air wall they hope will push the oil away .
They plan to layer prevention measures in the pass that connects the Gulf to Choctawhatchee Bay , where fresh and salt water mix and dolphins play .
Harris said the plan could cost up to $ 6 million per month , which he hopes will be covered by money from BP .
The county developed its oil plan in the days after the disaster began to unfold , but it was plagued by miscommunications , disagreements and bureaucracy once it left local hands , Harris said .
Communities along the Gulf Coast have made similar complaints .
Mayors grilled a BP official about the response during a press conference earlier this month .
In Magnolia Springs , Alabama , locals went outside the federal plan and risked incarceration by adding boom and barges to protect Weeks Bay .
In Pointe Aux Chenes , Louisiana , Native Americans pitched in to string boom near an island where many of their ancestors are buried .
Harris said some of his county 's efforts may work ; others may not .
" Doing something is better than doing nothing , " he said .
On the Okaloosa Island beach , local response to the oiled Gannet was quicker , but the federal response had less red tape to work through .
U.S. Fish and Wildlife workers arrived before Neumann 's status was verified , so she left their bird in their care .
" Time is essential with these guys , " she said .
" Every minute counts . "
For the rest of Okaloosa County , more boom and barges were starting to appear in the water .
The county commission vote was " smart , " and sped up the state and federal response , said public safety director Dino Villani , who was quickly invited to an " olive branch " meeting in Mobile .
Most of the county 's preferred plans are moving forward , Villani said , and they 'll continue to adapt as the oil moves throughout their waters .
Harris said the plans would have gone forward even without approval from BP or other government agencies .
" I 'm sure they 're cussing .
I 'm sure they 're cussing us bad , " Harris said .
" If we had waited , we 'd still be waiting .
Why did it take us giving an ultimatum ? "
Charles Diorio , a Coast Guard commander in Mobile , said some communities decided to implement their own plans once they saw they did n't top the list of state and federal priorities , if they were on the list at all .
Some just wanted to act before the mess -- and response agencies ' attention -- began to move their way .
Now that oil is reaching Florida 's shores , resources are shifting there , Diorio said , and there 's a plan to meet with Okaloosa commissioners this week .
" Now is the time to make sure these relationships are still working and strong and the lines of communication are open , " he said .
The commission 's vote marked a turning point for Okaloosa County residents and vacationers .
Even as oil crippled fishing , tourism and ecology in Louisiana , Alabama and Mississippi , wishful thinkers hoped for the best around Destin , which calls itself the " World 's Luckiest Fishing Village . "
" I 'm guilty of it .
Every day something does n't happen , you walk down your beach and do n't see it , the feeling gets stronger -- until it arrives , " Okaloosa County 's beach safety division chief Tracey Vause said as he picked gummy tar balls from the sand .
" I was infuriated .
It 's almost like grieving .
This is the destination , white , sandy beaches .
Now they 're not . "
June is typically a busy month along the area known as Florida 's Emerald Coast .
Beaches in Destin and Fort Walton are usually packed with families freed from school and work , and the water is crammed with boats .
But when traces of oil actually arrived last week , clean - up crews were on land and familiar local fishermen wore life jackets , a tell - tale sign they were called into service for BP .
Tourist rentals already were down as much as 50 percent , county officials said .
Shops were quiet , service jobs were cut back and only a few umbrellas and towels were scattered across the soft sand .
No oil - related illnesses or injuries had been reported as of late last week , said Cecilia Wagner , a community health worker for Okaloosa County .
A health advisory warned beachgoers against swimming one day last week , but it was lifted hours later .
The arrival of oil spooked residents , and made clear the conflicts between local action and BP 's response .
On the boardwalk at Okaloosa Island , volunteers cleaned up after a group of campers made oil - absorbing boom from hosiery and animal hair .
Boom makers Yente Sehman and Barbara Johnson said they 'd prefer boom made with renewable resources in the water around Okaloosa County 's beaches , and as oil came closer , more materials and volunteers had showed up to help their efforts .
In a warehouse nearby , the pair stacked human and animal hair donations funneled through the non-profit Matter of Trust and postmarked from Missouri , Georgia , Massachusetts , Australia and China .
Volunteers packed dog and alpaca hair clippings into the legs of pantyhose , then tied them off and strung them into mesh casings with plastic pieces that float in the water .
Already , more than 5,000 boom were stacked inside the warehouse .
County officials said they do n't want to discourage volunteers , but they are n't planning to use the animal hair boom , except as a last resort .
Sehman 's phone was busy with calls from local business owners and real estate agents who wanted the boom to protect their businesses , but organizers can't give the boom away without county approval and a clear plan for its disposal .
" We live in paradise and everybody wants to believe it's not going to happen to us , " Johnson said .
" It 's turning into anger and frustration .
BP , local government , state government , everybody sitting around waiting for someone else to do something .
We want to help , but we can 't . "
Still , the women said they wo n't stop their boom - making effort , especially as more community members notice the empty beaches studded with tar balls and look for ways to get involved .
" Once we started , no way , " Sehman said .
" I 'm very proud to live in this county at this point in time .
People of this county are going to do what they want to do . "
Ozzy Osbourne : Still Screaming
He has graced the covers of countless magazines .
He has had a “ Behind The Music ” special and an entire reality series devoted to his tumultuous life .
He ’s written a best - selling autobiography ( I Am Ozzy ) , a movie about his life is in the works , and his tenth and latest studio album Scream just hit stores .
He recently lead 52,000 people at Dodgers Stadium in delivering the longest scream by a crowd ( just over a minute ) , setting a Guinness World Record and raising money for charity .
Thus it seems like trying to come up with some sort of profound introduction to an Ozzy Osbourne story seems moot given how much people already know about the crazy , iconic frontman .
Actually interviewing Osbourne , on the other hand , is an entirely different matter .
While certain aspects of the singer live up to what one would expect — crazy stories , forthcoming answers , liberal use of the F - bomb — he comes off as more lucid and intelligible than he did on the Obsournes reality show , which he admits was due to having his “ head was scrambled with fucking panic ” while being on TV .
He stresses that he ’s a musician , not a TV personality .
He also was gracious with his time — our planned half - hour chat lasted for over 45 minutes — and answered every question presented to him , often at great length .
It helped that I ’m great with deciphering British accents .
After having spent over four decades in the business and done countless interviews , one might imagine that rock ’s middle aged Prince Of Darkness would have run out of things to say .
Far from it , as this interrogation proved .
I chatted with Osbourne for a story in the June / July 2010 issue of Inked magazine , but I had more than enough for an ADD feature .
( Keep in mind that I had not heard the entire Scream album yet when this interview was conducted last month .
And for context , this was conducted a few days prior to Ronnie James Dio ’s passing . )
What can you tell us about the new album Scream ?
Parts of it are very , very heavy .
I think if you buy an album that ’s just heavy all the way through , it ’s hard work to listen to , if you know what I mean .
I like to put some lighter stuff on .
We wrote and recorded 14 songs .
There are not 14 songs on the album , but there are 10 or 11 on it .
They ca n’t make up their mind if they want 10 or 11 or nine .
I just say , whatever you want .
On your new album you brought in guitarist Gus G. , who is known for playing in the Greek power metal band Firewind .
Once again you ’re bringing in a relative unknown to your entourage .
Does bringing in fresh blood help reinvigorate you ?
I ’m sick and tired of people going , “ I ’ll bet you ’re happy with the resurgence of metal . ”
I ’ve never played to empty rooms .
I ’ve never had to do two - for - one tickets .
I ’m not on the front page of the L.A .
Times every day .
I do n’t understand .
Somebody said to me that I ’m one of the only guys left doing this [ classic rock ] music now .
I said what are you talking about ?
Paul McCartney and Elton John are older than me .
The Stones , Bob Dylan , we ’re not part of the latest fad .
Bruce Springsteen works his ass off .
“ Every so often a bunch of friends fall off .
My old drummer died of cancer recently , and one of my crew [ members ] … died of cancer .
Eventually it ’s going to be me .
One day I ’m not going to get out of it and be gone . ”
( April 29 , 2010 )
I think the outsider status is what gives metal its cache with its fans .
You ’ve scored many multiplatinum records yourself , but metal never gets that respect from the mainstream .
I think it emboldens the fans a bit .
There ’s a track on my [ new ] album called “ Soul Sucker ” .
It ’s a great track , and I thought it would be a great name for the album .
I put it up on my webpage , and all my fans went fucking nuts .
They could n’t imagine walking around with “ Soul Sucker ” on a T - shirt because it sounds like [ something they would use in ] hip - hop music .
I mean , I do n’t listen to that stuff .
People ask me about new bands .
I do n’t rush out and buy the latest album by the whatever they ’re called .
In my career I ’ve seen things go from one extreme to the other .
I remember when CDs first came out , someone told me about this new invention [ to replace records ] that could n’t get damaged and would last forever .
Everybody wanted CDs , and now you ca n’t get rid of the fucking things .
It ’s all downloading now .
On the Sunset Strip there was the Tower Records for fucking ever .
It was a landmark .
It was like the Hollywood sign .
I was across the street at Book Soup picking up some magazines for Sharon .
I went across the road to Tower Records to get the new Sheryl Crow album .
It was 4:30 in the afternoon , and I walked in and it was fucking empty .
I said to the guy , “ Are you open ? ” “ Sure . ” I go , “ Have you got the new Sheryl Crow album ? ”
“ We have as many as you want . ”
The following week it was fucking gone .
Wow , man .
Then the Virgin went up the road .
It ’s unbelievable what this new downloading fad is doing now .
I do n’t know what ’s going to happen .
Live concerts are going to be the thing , I think .
Everybody says they ’ll do a stadium tour or whatever .
They do great business , then they go around for a second time and people have less money than they did before because we ’re still in that economic shithole .
It ’s kind of greedy , you know .
Just back off .
Is it true that you do illustrations ?
I just doodle around .
What kind of stuff do you like to do ?
I just use paper and ink .
I do that thing where you use dots and turn them into a design [ Pointillism ] .
I do that sometimes .
I do it because it is good to contemplate the day .
It mellows me out .
I just put the iPod on shuffle and do it , and it puts me in a good frame of mind .
Are there any particular images that are recurring in your work lately ?
I ’m on the devil ’s head thing right now .
I do n’t say that I ’m going do a face there , a chimney there , or a house there .
I just do it and it comes out .
Sometimes it ’s shit , and I put it in the trash , but sometimes people say it ’s cool .
When the world gets on my shoulders , I ’ll sit down and doodle .
I ’m not a great artist .
I would love to become a painter .
I love it .
For a person to look at a blank piece of canvas and know what they want to do is great .
I have a couple of friends in England who are artists , and one of them does paintings that look like photographs .
I had no idea that he was so good .
Fucking phenomenal .
Amazon.com Widgets
You were known for your crazy partying back in the day .
Is it strange to think that there are parts of your life you ca n’t remember but other people can ?
That happens all the fucking time , but I remember a lot .
In the book I say that this is only my memory of what these situations is .
Other people might read it and say , “ He ’s talking out of his butt . ”
As far as my short - term memory , I ’ll go upstairs and forgot what I went there for .
It happens all the time , man .
I ’ll have my spectacles in my hand , and I ’m going , “ Sharon , have you seen my spectacles ? ”
“ They ’re in your fucking hand . ” I ’ll go up and down the stairs 15 times looking for them .
With names —
I ’ll go through all my family ’s names until I get the right one .
My hearing is not as good as it used to be , so I ’ll get yelled at because I ’ll get the fucking information wrong all the time
“ I ’m sick and tired of people going , ‘ I ’ll bet you ’re happy with the resurgence of metal . ’
I ’ve never played to empty rooms .
I ’ve never had to do two - for - one tickets . ”
Have you thought of doing some new musical projects with your kids ?
I have my own studio at the house here , which is where did the last album .
I did a cover of “ Changes ” from Black Sabbath ’s Volume 4 with Kelly , and that was a big Christmas hit a few years back .
I ’m there for them if they ask me to sing on something or need advice , and vice versa .
There was a rumor that when you are looking for a new guitarist that you were thinking of reaching out to Jake E. Lee .
Is that true ?
At one point we thought maybe , but I have n’t seen him since the day he left .
The reason why he left his because the other two guys — Randy Castillo , who is no longer with us , and Phil Soussan — were talking [ trash ] about him .
They twisted my arm .
It was all a big fucking conspiracy .
I have nothing bad to say about Jake E. Lee , but I have n’t seen him since the day he left .
You have stuck it out longer than most of your peers did .
But the bottom line is that the ’ 80s ended .
I remember telling Sharon , “ This is fucking great . ”
She said wait until the end of the decade , and it ’s true .
When went from the ’ 80s to the ’90s , I think No More Tears , Guns ‘N Roses and Whitesnake were the only things that survived the tail end of that .
But then it got all crazy again .
It ’s surreal to me to see all these icons that I grew up listening to are hitting middle age now .
Has it been strange for you to think that you ’ve been doing it that long , and to see your peers getting older ?
Every so often a bunch of friends fall off .
My old drummer died of cancer recently , and one of my crew [ members ] — a Scottish guy who had been with me forever , and his son works for me — died of cancer .
Eventually it ’s going to be me .
One day I ’m not going to get out of it and be fucking gone .
When Sharon got cancer , it fucked me up bad .
It ’s always somebody across the road .
It ’s always somebody else .
It ’s never going to be you .
I ’m a hypochondriac .
If I ’m watching a TV ad and they ask if I have a lump under my armpit , I ’m feeling for fucking lumps .
If I feel something that resembles lumps , I ’m straight down to the doctor .
As all men do , you get prostate problems .
I went to my doctor about it , and he said that 50 % of all men do n’t get checked for it .
Out of the 50 % of men that do , 25 % develop prostate cancer .
They ’re not exactly the most glamorous tests .
And colon cancer as well .
I go and get checked now .
You ’ve been to the White House .
You ’ve won a Grammy .
You ’ve been inducted into the Rock ‘ N Roll Hall of Fame .
Has there been one moment that ’s been more significant for you than anything else ?
When the Osbournes reality show took off , it started a ball rolling that is still going today .
Everybody ’s doing it now .
I remember at one time we had a dinner party in the garden with a bunch of celebrities , including Paul McCartney and Elizabeth Taylor .
But I never felt comfortable on the red carpet .
I remember seeing you at a Fox TV party about a year and a half ago , and you were at a table in the corner trying not to make too much of a big deal of yourself .
Sharon and my kids do n’t mind it , but I just do n’t feel comfortable .
It ’s not what I ’m about .
The reason people could n’t understand what I was talking about [ on TV ] was that my head was scrambled with fucking panic , you know .
I do n’t like television .
Is it because people have an image of who they think you are ?
It was a reality thing and showed me as I am .
In the beginning it was an extended version of Cribs , and then it took off .
I did n’t understand any of it , other than being good for my ego for about five minutes .
Is there any really personal song on the new album Scream ?
The whole album is personal .
Kevin Churko the producer did a remarkable job .
We did it mostly with him and me , then brought the band in , which I ’m not going to do ever again because I like jamming with the band .
There is one song called “ Let It Die ” that is very interesting .
It ’s a play on words like the Billy Joel song “ We Did n’t Start The Fire ” .
It ’s nothing like Billy Joel , but it is very interesting .
It just came .
We just worked on it , and it came .
Kevin was very instrumental on that song .
Are you playing any new places on tour this year ?
I ’m playing China , Israel and Turkey .
Do you get to experience cities when you ’re in them ?
No .
I do the show and get the fuck out of there .
When I ’m in town , everybody knows I ’m in town for a reason .
I do n’t go by bus as much now .
On this tour , the band and I are going on a private plane .
Related Posts :
The Colorado Avalanche are rebuilding .
I know that Avalanche fans are sick of hearing that a lot of last season 's success was due to luck but that 's the reality .
Come 2010 - 11 , the Avalanche really are more likely to have a PDO closer to 100 than the 101.6 ( 92.6 % Sv % plus 9.0 % Sh % ) that they had in 2009 - 10 , which leaves them a mountain of goal differential to make up just to maintain their eighth place finish in the Western Conference .
They could easily improve substantially next season and still miss the playoffs .
That 's the downside .
The upside is that the Avalanche are a young team that is in fact very likely to improve substantially .
Several of their best forwards will be twenty - five or under next season ( Paul Stastny , Chris Stewart , Matt Duchene , Ryan O'Reilly , T.J. Galiardi , David Jones , and Peter Mueller ) and most of them are still on cheap deals ( Duchene , O'Reilly , Galiardi , and Jones ) .
The Avalanche did n't spend to the cap last season and they can now wave good - bye to some pretty poor contracts that have now come to a close .
With some intelligent spending the Avalanche could make up the goal differential they 'll lose from a regression in percentages plus a whole lot more .
After the jump we 'll take a look at what the Avalanche have done since the trade deadline and take a peek at their cap situation for 2010 - 11 .
What Have the Avalanche Done Since the Trade Deadline ?
Signed F Michael Carman to a two - year entry - level contract with an NHL cap hit of $ 850,000 per year - The Avs made Carman a third round pick in 2006 but the man simply does n't have enough offense to play in the NHL .
He was a senior last season with the University of Minnesota and only scored 18 points in 39 games .
I 'm surprised they gave him a contract .
Signed F Zach Cohen to a two - year entry - level contract with an NHL cap hit of $ 735,000 per year - The Avalanche signed Cohen as a free agent out of Boston University , a school that also featured two Avalanche draft picks on defense ( Kevin Shattenkirk and Colby Cohen ) , so they definitely got an eyeful before making this call .
Nonetheless , I find it a tad baffling .
( How can something only be a tad baffling ?
It just can . )
Cohen 's 25 points in 38 games as a senior was a career high which suggests to me that , like Carman , Cohen does n't have the offense to play in the NHL .
Signed F Mark
Olver to a two - year entry - level contract with an NHL cap hit of $ 850,000 per year - Olver was a finalist for the Hobey Baker Award and led Northern Michigan in scoring with 49 points in 40 games .
He 's a talented player but he 's also tiny - 5 ' 10 ' ' and 155 lbs. - which means he 'll likely need to fill an offensive role to make it in the NHL .
He 'll need to prove that he deserves a chance by putting up big points in the AHL , but even that may not be enough .
Just ask Martin St. Pierre .
Signed D Kevin
Shattenkirk to a three - year entry - level contract with an NHL cap hit of $ 1,300,000 per year - Shattenkirk was selected 14th overall in 2007 and is one of several promising defenders that the Avs have signed over the last several months .
The Avalanche have five defenders returning from last season so it will be extremely difficult for Shattenkirk or any of the others to make the club out of camp , especially if the Avalanche add a player or two in free agency .
Signed D Colby
Cohen to a three - year entry - level contract with an NHL cap hit of $ 875,000 per year - Cohen was drafted by the Avalanche in the second round of the 2007 entry draft and spent the last three seasons playing with Shattenkirk at BU .
Cohen is a big defenseman at 6 '3 '' and 215 lbs. who racked up both points and penalty minutes in all three of his collegiate seasons .
After the 2009 - 10 season , he was named to Hockey East 's All - Star Team after scoring 30 points and registering 82 penalty minutes in only 36 games .
He and Shattenkirk may be battling for the same spot over the next couple of years .
It should be a fun race .
Signed D Adam
Foote to a one - way contract for one year at $ 1,250,000 per year - Foote 's game was n't great last year and the two million dollar pay - cut shows that he knows it .
The former shut - down defenseman took a step back from that role in 2009 - 10 leaving the toughest assignments to teammates Scott Hannan and Kyle Quincey .
Despite the drop in competition , Foote was outshot by a greater margin than any other Colorado defender at even strength .
Some of that is due to the fact that he was in a mentoring role against second toughs for much of the year - for all you Oiler fans , he was the Steve Staios to Ryan Wilson 's Ladislav Smid - but some of it is the fact that Foote is getting older and slower .
At this point in his career Foote is probably best suited as a # 5 defender which is exactly how he was priced here .
Considering Foote 's leadership role with the team , his connection to past glory , and the low risk of having only a one - year deal , this is a very good deal for the Avalanche .
Signed D Jonas
Holos to a two - year entry - level contract with an NHL cap hit of $ 612,500 per year - Another defender crashes the prospect party .
Holos played the last two seasons in the Swedish Elite League with Farjestads and represented Norway in the 2010 Olympics and World Championships .
In Vancouver , Holos led Norway in ice time while in Sweden he led Farjestads in points by a defender ( though it was only 14 ) .
Holos is already twenty - two years old and has played a couple of seasons against men so he 's likely a bit more mature than the collegians .
If there 's a job available in camp , this guy might be the one to snag it .
Signed D Joel Chouinard to a three - year entry - level contract with an NHL cap hit of $ 566,667 per year - Holy mackerel !
These guys have a lot of defensemen !
The Avalanche drafted Chouinard 167th overall in 2008 , three spots before Holos .
In his draft year , Chouinard scored 35 points and recorded 95 penalty minutes in 69 regular season games in the QMJHL .
Over the next two seasons the point totals went up and the penalty minute totals went down , culminating in a 19 year - old season that saw him register 68 points in 65 games .
That total was good enough for second in the QMJHL but his 23 were good enough for first .
At 6 '1 '' he 's not small either but given the depth on the Avs blue , he 'll likely spend all of next season in the AHL .
Signed BW David Koci to a one - way contract for one year at $ 575,000 per year - The " BW " is for Bench Warmer .
It is always stupid to waste an NHL roster spot on a goon .
For a team like the Avalanche that employs a number of players who can both fight and play a bit , it 's a whole new level of stupid .
Signed G Peter Budaj to a one - way contract for one year at $ 1,125,000 per year - Budaj is an above average back - up goalie and the Avalanche are n't taking on much risk by signing him for just one year .
He has some experience as a decent starter which gives provides the Avalanche with insurance in the unlikely event Craig Anderson 's game falls apart or the slightly less unlikely event that Craig Anderson 's body falls apart ..
With Anderson 's cap hit sitting at just $ 1,812,500 this deal makes a lot of sense for both the player ( goaltending jobs are scarce ) and the team ( you already have a guy you trust and he 's pretty affordable ) .
Signed D Raymond Macias to a two - way contract for one year at $ 550,000 per year - Macias appeared in six games for the Avalanche last year and finished third among regular Lake Erie defenders in +/- with an even rating .
He 's a depth defender with a little bit of experience who will likely play all of the year in the AHL .
But , if the Avalanche get utterly decimated by injuries , it 's nice to know that the 11th guy on your depth chart can play a bit .
Signed F Kevin
Porter to a two - way contract for one year at $ 660,000 per year - Porter was one of the two players the Avalanche acquired when they foolishly sent Wojtek Wolski - one of their very best even strength players at only twenty - three years old - to the Phoenix Coyotes .
Terrible trade .
Terrible .
Anyroad , Porter was a huge scorer in the NCAA but last year was his 23 year - old season and he has n't once cracked a point per game in the AHL .
The NHL level has also been a struggle and at this point he 's probably not a regular on a winning team .
That said , I was surprised that Porter signed a two - way contract for less than his qualifying offer , especially since his AHL salary is just $ 62,500 , a cut from what he earned the year before .
That just does n't make a whole lot of sense .
The guy should probably fire his agent .
Signed F Philippe Dupuis to a two - way contract for one year at $ 500,000 per year - Dupuis is now twenty - five years old and had a cup of coffee with the Avalanche in each of the last two seasons .
If the Avalanche plan on being a good team in 2010 - 11 , Dupuis will stay on the farm for the whole year .
Traded F T.J. Hensick to the St. Louis Blues for F Julian Talbot -
This was a minor trade that saw the Avalanche and Blues swap older prospects who have just finished their entry - level contracts .
Hensick is the substantially better offensive player at the AHL level - Hensick scored 1.09 points per game rate in 120 AHL games compared to Talbot 's 0.57 in 226 - but has struggled to score at the NHL level .
Talbot has never played in the NHL .
This is a move that gets the Avalanche something for a player who wanted out of the organization but , in terms of actual player value , it 's a clear win for the Blues .
Looking Foward to 2010 - 11
Those who 've read here before know that I like to use the chart below as a cap space guideline .
Because it 's based on percentages , we need to set a cap figure for 2010 - 11 and I 'll use 57 M , which is a slight increase from last season .
Here 's the chart :
Top 3 Forwards - 27.5 % or 15.675M
Middle 6 Forwards - 20.0 % or 11.4M
Top 4 Defenders - 27.5 % or 15.675M
Goaltending - 10.0 % or 5.7M
Bottom 8 Players - 15.0 % or 8.55 M
And here it is again with the players the Avalanche have signed :
Top 3 Forwards - Stastny , ??? , ??? - $ 6,600,000 or 11.5 %
Middle 6 Forwards - Hejduk , Duchene , O'Reilly , ??? , ??? , ??? - $ 7,100,000 or 12.5 %
Top 4 Defenders - Hannan , ??? , ??? , ??? - $ 4,500,000 or 7.9 %
Goaltending - Anderson , Budaj - $ 3,062,500 or 5.4 %
Bottom 8 Players - McLeod , Galiardi , Jones , Koci , Wilson , Cumiskey , Foote , Liles - $ 9,922,500 - 17.4 %
At least , this is how I would look at the lineup if I were Avalanche GM Mike Sherman .
They 've spent money in the past , so it seems like it should be an option now but the Avalanche had trouble with attendance last season so I suppose it may not be .
Assuming it is , they should spend .
It is incredibly important to capitalize on the fact that this team has so many cheap contracts right now and , Marc - Andre Liles aside , no contracts that are really killing them .
They have $ 25.8 M to spend and there are very few teams that have half of that .
Wowzers could this team ever get good in a hurry .
If I 'm a fan of the Avalanche I 'm hoping desperately that Mike Sherman is a liar when he says that the team wo n't " take any shortcuts " by bringing in free agents and that he plans to " build from within . "
Eight players to sign and $ 25.8 M to sign them .
Let 's start with the defenders .
The Avs need three quality guys who can actually play defense .
One of them is restricted free agent Kyle Quincey .
I 'll aim high on this one and say that the Avs give him the Grebeshkov contract at $ 3.2 M per year .
The next step is targetting two more players from outside the organization and if I were the Avs I 'd save the big money for the forwards .
$ 5.5 M for two defenders probably puts them on the outside looking in when it comes to the big names on the market but could land them former Sabres Henrik Tallinder and Toni Lydman , preferably on two - year deals .
A defense led by Hannan , Quincey , Tallinder and Lydman lacks the kind of complete player one would like to have but it is a solid group with some depth in behind and in the minors in case of injury .
That leaves $ 17.1 M left to spend on five forwards .
Restricted free agents Chris Stewart and Peter Mueller should be brought back but I would wave good - bye to the rest .
Stewart had a monster year but he 's only had the one and does n't have arbitration rights which leads me to believe that the Avs could get a short - term deal done somewhere around $ 3 M which is the same estimate I used for Mason Raymond .
Mueller had great numbers with the Avs after arriving in the ( oh man was it ever a bad decision ) Wolski trade .
Even still , he 's coming off a concussion and his 37 points in 69 games do n't exactly scream " Pay me ! " to an arbitrator .
I figure $ 2.5 M should be enough to get a deal done .
Those two signings leave the Avs with $ 11.6 M to spend on three more forwards and if I 'm the Avalanche I go for one of the big prizes in either Ilya Kovalchuk or - my preference - Patrick Marleau .
For the sake of argument , let 's say that they can get one of them for $ 7 M per seasons which leaves another $ 4.6 M for two quality forwards of which there are several to choose from in the $ 2.5 M range .
I think that 's a very good team and if you keep all of the non-superstar signings down to one or two years , you do n't hurt yourself when some of the younger players need to get paid .
I do n't know if this is the way the Avs will roll , but if they do , I think they 'll be right in the mix for the division title .
If not , and Mike Sherman waits on the kids , they 'll be in the mix for the division basement and the decision to burn through Matt Duchene 's entry - level contract last Fall becomes very poor indeed .
My next detailed look at the Avalanche will likely be around July 9th after the dust settles and the Avalanche have added a marquee star .
Or not .
I 'd also like to acknowledge capgeek.com for providing all of the contract information .
The housing market has been turned upside down with unprecedented amounts of government intervention that even the seasonal pattern has changed .
Keep in mind that spring and summer are usually the most optimistic selling times in any given year but this year with the tax credit ending and the Federal Reserve done buying up mortgage backed securities , the housing market will face weaker conditions in summer .
The amount of noise floating out in the current market is deafening .
How is it possible to have a market that is getting better when unemployment in many top housing bubble states remains at peak levels ?
In California unemployment remains at 12.6 percent ( a modern record high ) and we have over 100,000 unemployed Californians that have now exhausted a stunning 99 weeks of unemployment benefits .
This is happening all over the country .
There was a recent article showing that 40 percent of those employed nationwide are currently working at low paying service sector jobs .
Will these people bring on housing boom 2.0 with Wal - Mart wages ?
Today we ’ll be looking at 10 charts that show us a very clear picture of the nationwide housing market .
What we find is the housing market is anything but steady .
From Alt - A and option ARMs to strategic defaults we are dealing with trends we have never seen before .
Chart # 1 – Housing Starts
At one point housing starts were operating at a 1.8+ million SAAR .
Even today after all the trillions of dollars pumped into the housing market we are operating at 66 % below the peak of 2006 .
Just imagine the number of construction , finance , and real estate related jobs that are now gone because of this contraction .
This crash level has only appeared one other time in history and we would have to go back to the Great Depression for that .
Chart # 2 – Single Family Home Sales
The recent jump in home sales , both newly built and existing is as artificial as the fruit flavor in your soda .
And this is saying a lot given that we already subsidize the housing market like it was going out of fashion .
We subsidize housing through interest deductions , artificially low interest rates , and basically using the government seal of approval for the entire mortgage market .
Even with all of this , we had to sweeten the pot further with another front - end tax credit to get sales to move up .
That is now over and right when the credit ended , preliminary data shows that home sales and applications are starting to trend lower .
So what can we derive from this ?
That housing without complete and ultimate government subsidies does n’t have a leg to stand on .
Yet this puts a mask on the more perverse problems of underemployment and weak wage growth .
The big mistake made here is that we put housing ahead of employment growth when focusing on dealing with this crisis .
But then again , the people had no say here .
This was guided all by the crony banking system policy and for them , real estate was the focus from the beginning .
Chart # 3 – Household Debt Service
I love this chart because it clearly shows the housing bubble in full context .
Starting in 2000 , households took on much larger debt simply to buy homes .
It was n’t a rise in income but a desire to play into the mania .
At the same time , those that remained as renters saw their overall debt load go lower .
It is the case that many prudent households refrained from buying at inflated prices and stayed renting .
Because let us be honest , anyone that wanted to buy a home in the bubble decade was able to get a loan as long as they were able to fog a mirror .
So the amount of those who bought homes shot up and debt service is still relatively high compared to the early 1990s level of 14 percent ( we still need a drop of 2 percent to get back to that level ) .
Expect this trend to continue .
Chart # 4 – Texas Ratio at Big Banks
Source : BankRegdata
The Texas Ratio shows us that the too big to fail banks still have a large amount of toxic waste on their balance sheets .
How is this calculated ?
( non performing loans + real estate owned ) / ( tangible common equity capital and loan loss reserves )
And as you can see from the above charts , many of the biggest banks have large amounts of bank owned property and non performing loans .
This ratio shows us that banks are going to be facing years of toxic loans until they can adequately gut their balance sheet .
Since banks would n’t be standing if it were n’t for taxpayer dollars , that means we are all on the hook for these massive losses .
These ratios tell us that real estate is not even close to recovering .
Chart # 5 – Home Price to Median Income
As things stand home values in many areas are still overpriced .
I ’ve seen the above charts used over and over but when you look at the data they are using for income , they are pulling data from 2008 !
Since that time , our economy has flown off the cliff so the ratio is still high and only appears to be going lower because of income data used from the latest Census survey .
Once we get data nationwide in September when the 2009 Census numbers come out , we will see that the ratio remains high in many areas .
Home prices can only support what local incomes can shoulder .
This has been the case for a century and we are now going back to tried and tested metrics .
Chart # 6 – Construction Spending
You would think that those in construction spending would know something about home demand .
If we look at the above chart , construction spending is still near the trough .
This applies to both residential and nonresidential building .
The market is full of toxic mortgages and vacant properties that there is little need for any home building for a few years .
When we look at shadow inventory data we realize that we built for a decade .
Some areas are now talking about bulldozing places !
This is what constitutes a solution like destroying food in the Great Depression while people starved .
The above chart shows where people are putting their money and it is n’t into real estate construction .
Chart # 7 – Pending Home Sales
I ’ve seen the above chart used many times as well to show how the housing market is recovering .
Only looking at this chart , you might be able to spin it that way .
But putting all the other data into context , you realize this chart is an anomaly .
In fact , this recent jump in home sales is all thanks to the tax credit .
That is gone and leads us into the next chart which shows the next trend .
Chart # 8 – Mortgage Applications
Mortgage applications have collapsed .
It should come as no surprise given the pull forward .
In fact , activity is so low because we have to remove all of the refinancing activity that we had during the housing bubble days .
So now , mortgage applications are for home sales typically .
Many times , these are one and done deals .
That is , someone buys a foreclosed home and that is it .
In the bubble days , you had someone selling a home and then buying one at the same time ( two mortgages compared to one ) .
There is little reason to believe this will be booming anytime soon .
Chart # 9 – Nationwide Foreclosures
Contrary to what we hear , foreclosures are still at record levels .
We are on pace to seeing 3.5 to 4 million foreclosure filings in 2010 .
And this is good news how ?
Now we are seeing foreclosures dominate prime markets just like we saw in toxic mortgage markets a few years ago .
FHA insured loan defaults are at record highs and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have quarterly billion dollar losses as if this were a common theme .
Until we see foreclosure filings dip to the 100,000 to 150,000 range per month , any housing recovery talk is nonsense .
Chart # 10 – Homeowner Equity
Source : Calculated Risk
This chart tells it all .
Homeowners are tapped out .
Keep in mind the above chart also includes the one - third of homeowners that actually own their homes free and clear .
So the reality is , those that own a home with a mortgage have much lower equity than the current headline .
With one third of mortgage holders underwater , there is little HELOC and home equity loans to be tapped out which supported our economy for the entire bubble decade .
The above charts do n’t show any signs of a housing recovery .
The only sugar high jump came from the tax credit but even with that , you can see how little it did to impact the overall mega - trend .
Focus on the facts and do n’t get caught up by the gimmicks .
We are a long way from any recovery .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Editor 's Notebook : Afghan War Now Country 's Longest Vietnam
War last for 103 months , and the Afghan War marks its 104th month .
June 7 , 2010  --
The Afghan war was enormously popular when it began on a fall Sunday eight and a half years ago .
Less than a month had passed since the September 11 attacks , and President Bush could draw on deep wells of support when he ordered air strikes against Kabul , Jalalabad and the Taliban stronghold at Kandahar .
" We are supported , " Bush said that day , with only slight exaggeration , " by the collective will of the world . "
By mid-November American forces had driven the Taliban from the capital ; at month 's end Kandahar was in the U.S. sights ; in early December the Taliban leadership fled , and Marines set up a base near the Kandahar airfield .
No one proclaimed " Mission Accomplished , " but they might as well have .
Surely , it seemed , this would be a brief campaign .
On the one - year anniversary , in October 2002 , Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld told CNN , " The Taliban are gone .
The Al Qaeda are gone . "
And yet here we are , nearly a decade since that October Sunday , and the end of this often - tabbed " Other War " is hard to see , or fathom .
Under the order of a new commander - in - chief , the U.S. is now " surging " forces into Afghanistan ; a new and complex mission looms in Kandahar ; and the Taliban are " surging , " too – to devastating effect .
As I began this column we received word that 15 more coalition soldiers had been killed in the last two days in Afghanistan ; 11 of the dead were American .
Their names will be added to a grim roster whose numbers recently cleared 1,000 .
And today " The Other War " has gained a fresh and dubious distinction : it is the longest war in our nation 's history , surpassing the conflict in Vietnam .
103 months passed between passage of the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution and the withdrawal of the last American combat forces from Vietnam .
As of today , the Afghanistan war is 104 months old .
Afghan War Surpasses Vietnam War in Duration
In many ways , Vietnam and Afghanistan defy comparison .
One was the result of a slow , creeping policy of containing communism in Southeast Asia ; the other a visceral , swift response to an attack on U.S. soil .
One became a terribly divisive home - front battle , provoking passions almost as powerful as those seen a century before , during the war between the states ; the other has resisted close public attention – and even today sparks far less passion , one way or the other .
More than 50,000 Americans lost their lives in Vietnam ; certainly no one expects the toll in Afghanistan to reach anything like that number .
But Vietnam and Afghanistan do have this much in common : they are distant , profoundly complex , and ill - understood campaigns .
Not surprisingly , then , they defy easy resolutions .
And , in their own ways , these two wars have tested the mettle and patience of a nation .
For today , we remember this " other war " 's duration .
104 months ago , when those first bombs fell , anthrax was terrorizing the nation ; Barack Obama was a little - known Illinois state senator ; and soldiers now " surging " to Kandahar were in junior high .
We did n't have YouTube , or IPhones .
And we had not a single soldier in Iraq .
104 months .
It 's a very long time .
Overview
This post could easily be three words long , but I assume that the premise of the “ What the X Should Do ” series is to assume the place of the front office , so … I know it ’s hard to believe , but the Royals are out of 2010 contention this season .
They need to look to the future , but it is difficult to figure out when that “ future ” might actually begin , and thus what current players might and might not be part of it .
Buy or Sell
Clearly , the Royals should sell , but whom ?
The Royals are n’t young : the only player under 26 among the regulars and starting pitchers is Billy Butler .
As will be discussed below , there ’s no significant help coming from the farm system ( other than from players who should already be up like Alex Gordon and Kila Ka’aihue — both 26 ) this season or next .
The most optimistic possibility for significant help from the minors is 2012 , and while that seems unrealistic to me , it at least gives us a place to start : the Royals should be looking to get value for any player on their roster that is not likely to have value for them in 2012 .
The Royals have plenty of players that will not be helpful in 2012 or after , but a sizable chunk of them are useless ( or close to it ) now .
Scott Podsednik is Juan Pierre without the glove .
Jose Guillen has hit decently this season , but once you narrow his options to AL teams ( he can only DH , despite recent appearances in RF ) , then narrow that to contenders … and after that , well , there ’s still his massive salary ( prorated portion of $ 12 million dollars remaining this season ) .
Both were hot to start the season , and if they ca n’t get a C - prospect for either of them with the Royals picking up their entire salaries now , they never will .
Both are currently sucking up playing time better given to others , and should simply be released .
Well , if Podsednik ca n’t be traded he might be useful off the bench “ just in case ” fellow ill - fated outfield acquisition Rick Ankiel does n’t return to full health soon .
The Royals might as well keep Ankiel around to up his numbers a bit in case of a waiver trade ( he has no value at the moment ) , although he should not be allowed to block Alex Gordon or even Mitch Maier .
Gil Meche is a slightly different case , and is on the DL at the moment , but even if he was n’t , his 2009 and 2010 performance , as well as his contract , gives him little or no value on the market without the Royals picking up a significant portion of his salary .
Some other Royals might have a bit of value , but not enough to be helpful to the Royals other than as a salary dump : Kyle Farnsworth , Willie Bloomquist , and Captain 92 % .
The Royals do have some players that they should move in expectation of getting something helpful back .
Brian Bannister is 29 , his recent performances do n’t inspire confidence , and by the time 2012 comes around he wo n’t be worth his likely arbitration award , but he ’s still under team control , and might be a useful # 4 starter somewhere else .
David DeJesus , one of the more underrated players in baseball , has significantly more value .
He plays good defense on the outfield corners , can probably still play passably in center , and is having the best offensive season of his career .
He has a very club - friendly contract ( $ 4.7 million in 2010 , with a $ 6 million club option for 2011 , a bargain for a 3 - win player ) .
While he can help a team now , and the Royals do n’t need to be ( re -) signing any 30 + players for their next contender .
He wo n’t bring back a future star , but he could bring back another ( young and cost - controlled ) David DeJesus - type : an above - average regular .
The longer they wait , the less they will get back .
One intriguing piece is closer Joakim Soria , who has a club - friendly contract through 2011 with club options for 2012 - 2014 .
It is a good deal for the team , but relievers are rarely worth more than two wins a season , and the Royals should be at least check if they can get more value for him on the market for the 2012 - and - after seasons .
There is something special on the roster .
As I wrote above , the “ 2012 ” scenario is exceedingly optimistic , but it remains in the minds of many fans because it is the last season of Zack Greinke ’s current contract .
Greinke has been up and down this season , but his 5 - win 2008 and 9 - win 2009 are still relevant .
Unless the Royals can realistically contend in 2012 , the club needs to be open to trading Greinke .
They have time to be picky ( and do n’t have to trade him this season ) , but the sooner they move him , the more they can get for him .
Even if one thinks he is “ only ” a five - win pitcher , he ’s being paid like a sub - 3 win pitcher for the remainder of his contract , and that value could bring back an impressive haul .
Now , if even 2013 seems unrealistic for contention , then all bets are off .
If that is the case , the Royals do n’t have to trade the following players , but the team should be open to seeing what value they can bring back : Alberto Callaspo ( for sure ) , Chris Iannet– I mean Alex Gordon ( still potentially good , despite the organization ’s efforts to scapegoat , bury , and devalue him ) , and Billy Butler ( unless they can extend him to an Adam Lind - type contract ) .
On the Farm
Prior to the season , Beyond the Box Score ’s aggregate farm system rankings had the Royals at # 6 , and since then Mike Moustakas and Eric Hosmer have actually started to live up to their draft status , and the pitching continues to impress .
That being said , it must be kept in mind that other than raking 26 - year - old “ prospects ” Alex Gordon and ( maybe ) Kila Ka’aihue in AAA ( being blocked by all that super talent on the big club ) , none of the impact prospects are above AA , which is why the 2012 scenario is so unlikely .
Budget
Say what you want about Dayton Moore ( and I have ) , but along with putting together a good farm system , he has also done well in convincing ownership to increase the budget significantly ( which is the main reason the farm system has improved ) .
The Royals ’ major league payroll is currently around $ 75 million dollars and probably wo n’t go much higher in the near future .
While Guillen , Ankiel , Willie Bloomquist , and Kyle Farnsworth will be coming off the books after the season , the Royals have a number of players due for arbitration raises such as Gordon , Butler , Callaspo , Bannister , as well as contractual raises for players like Greinke and Soria , so there wo n’t be much money as one might think for Dayton Moore to make his typically shrewd free agent signings .*
* Props to Dan Szymborski .
Video : Sun spots
What ’s up , sunshine ?
( Image : SDO / NASA )
SUNSPOTS come and go , but recently they have mostly gone .
For centuries , astronomers have recorded when these dark blemishes on the solar surface emerge , only for them to fade away again after a few days , weeks or months .
Thanks to their efforts , we know that sunspot numbers ebb and flow in cycles lasting about 11 years .
But for the past two years , the sunspots have mostly been missing .
Their absence , the most prolonged for nearly a hundred years , has taken even seasoned sun watchers by surprise .
“ This is solar behaviour we have n’t seen in living memory , ” says David Hathaway , a physicist at NASA ’s Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Alabama .
The sun is under scrutiny as never before thanks to an armada of space telescopes .
The results they beam back are portraying our nearest star , and its influence on Earth , in a new light .
Sunspots and other clues indicate that the sun ’s magnetic activity is diminishing , and that the sun may even be shrinking .
Together the results hint that something profound is happening inside the sun .
The big question is what ?
Advertisement
The stakes have never been higher .
Groups of sunspots forewarn of gigantic solar storms that can unleash a billion times more energy than an atomic bomb .
Fears that these giant solar eruptions could create havoc on Earth , and disputes over the sun ’s role in climate change , are adding urgency to these studies .
When NASA and the European Space Agency launched the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory almost 15 years ago , “ understanding the solar cycle was not one of its scientific objectives ” , says Bernhard Fleck , the mission ’s project scientist .
“ Now it is one of the key questions . ”
Sun behaving badly
Sunspots are windows into the sun ’s magnetic soul .
They form where giant loops of magnetism , generated deep inside the sun , well up and burst through the surface , leading to a localised drop in temperature which we see as a dark patch .
Any changes in sunspot numbers reflect changes inside the sun .
“ During this transition , the sun is giving us a real glimpse into its interior , ” says Hathaway .
When sunspot numbers drop at the end of each 11 - year cycle , solar storms die down and all becomes much calmer .
This “ solar minimum ” does n’t last long .
Within a year , the spots and storms begin to build towards a new crescendo , the next solar maximum .
What ’s special about this latest dip is that the sun is having trouble starting the next solar cycle .
The sun began to calm down in late 2007 , so no one expected many sunspots in 2008 .
But computer models predicted that when the spots did return , they would do so in force .
Hathaway was reported as thinking the next solar cycle would be a “ doozy ” : more sunspots , more solar storms and more energy blasted into space .
Others predicted that it would be the most active solar cycle on record .
The trouble was , no one told the sun .
“ The latest solar cycle was supposed to be the most active on record .
The trouble was , no one told the sun ”
The first sign that the prediction was wrong came when 2008 turned out to be even calmer than expected .
That year , the sun was spot - free 73 per cent of the time , an extreme dip even for a solar minimum .
Only the minimum of 1913 was more pronounced , with 85 per cent of that year clear .
As 2009 arrived , solar physicists looked for some action .
They did n’t get it .
The sun continued to languish until mid-December , when the largest group of sunspots to emerge for several years appeared .
Finally , a return to normal ?
Not really .
Even with the solar cycle finally under way again , the number of sunspots has so far been well below expectations .
Something appears to have changed inside the sun , something the models did not predict .
But what ?
The flood of observations from space and ground - based telescopes suggests that the answer lies in the behaviour of two vast conveyor belts of gas that endlessly cycle material and magnetism through the sun ’s interior and out across the surface .
On average it takes 40 years for the conveyor belts to complete a circuit ( see diagram ) .
When Hathaway ’s team looked over the observations to find out where their models had gone wrong , they noticed that the conveyor - belt flows of gas across the sun ’s surface have been speeding up since 2004 .
The circulation deep within the sun tells a different story .
Rachel Howe and Frank Hill of the National Solar Observatory in Tucson , Arizona , have used observations of surface disturbances , caused by the solar equivalent of seismic waves , to infer what conditions are like within the sun .
Analysing data from 2009 , they found that while the surface flows had sped up , the internal ones had slowed to a crawl .
These findings have thrown our best computer models of the sun into disarray .
“ It is certainly challenging our theories , ” says Hathaway , “ but that ’s kinda nice . ”
It is not just our understanding of the sun that stands to benefit from this work .
The extent to which changes in the sun ’s activity can affect our climate is of paramount concern .
It is also highly controversial .
There are those who seek to prove that the solar variability is the major cause of climate change , an idea that would let humans and their greenhouse gases off the hook .
Others are equally evangelical in their assertions that the sun plays only a minuscule role in climate change .
If this dispute could be resolved by an experiment , the obvious strategy would be to see what happens when you switch off one potential cause of climate change and leave the other alone .
The extended collapse in solar activity these past two years may be precisely the right sort of test , in that it has significantly changed the amount of solar radiation bombarding our planet .
“ As a natural experiment , this is the very best thing to happen , ” says Joanna Haigh , a climatologist at Imperial College London .
“ Now we have to see how the Earth responds . ”
The climate link
Mike Lockwood at the University of Reading , UK , may already have identified one response – the unusually frigid European winter of 2009 / 10 .
He has studied records covering data stretching back to 1650 , and found that severe European winters are much more likely during periods of low solar activity ( New Scientist , 17 April , p 6 ) .
This fits an emerging picture of solar activity giving rise to a small change in the global climate overall , yet large regional effects .
Another example is the Maunder minimum , the period from 1645 to 1715 during which sunspots virtually disappeared and solar activity plummeted .
If a similar spell of solar inactivity were to begin now and continue until 2100 , it would mitigate any temperature rise through global warming by 0.3 °C on average , according to calculations by Georg Feulner and Stefan Rahmstorf of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany .
However , something amplified the impact of the Maunder minimum on northern Europe , ushering in a period known as the Little Ice Age , when colder than average winters became more prevalent and the average temperature in Europe appeared to drop by between 1 and 2 °C .
A corresponding boost appears to be associated with peaks in solar output .
In 2008 , Judith Lean of the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington DC published a study showing that high solar activity has a disproportionate warming influence on northern Europe ( Geophysical Research Letters , vol 35 , p L18701 ) .
So why does solar activity have these effects ?
Modellers may already be onto the answer .
Since 2003 , spaceborne instruments have been measuring the intensity of the sun ’s output at various wavelengths and looking for correlations with solar activity .
The results point to the sun ’s emissions of ultraviolet light .
“ The ultraviolet is varying much , much , much more than we expected , ” says Lockwood .
Ultraviolet light is strongly linked to solar activity : solar flares shine brightly in the ultraviolet , and it helps carry the explosive energy of the flares away into space .
It could be particularly significant for the Earth ’s climate as ultraviolet light is absorbed by the ozone layer in the stratosphere , the region of atmosphere that sits directly above the weather - bearing troposphere .
More ultraviolet light reaching the stratosphere means more ozone is formed .
And more ozone leads to the stratosphere absorbing more ultraviolet light .
So in times of heightened solar activity , the stratosphere heats up and this influences the winds in that layer .
“ The heat input into the stratosphere is much more variable than we thought , ” says Lockwood .
Enhanced heating of the stratosphere could be behind the heightened effects felt by Europe of changes in solar activity .
Back in 1996 , Haigh showed that the temperature of the stratosphere influences the passage of the jet stream , the high - altitude river of air passing from west to east across Europe .
Lockwood ’s latest study shows that when solar activity is low , the jet stream becomes liable to break up into giant meanders that block warm westerly winds from reaching Europe , allowing Arctic winds from Siberia to dominate Europe ’s weather .
The lesson for climate research is clear .
“ There are so many weather stations in Europe that , if we are not careful , these solar effects could influence our global averages , ” says Lockwood .
In other words , our understanding of global climate change could be skewed by not taking into account solar effects on European weather .
Just as one mystery begins to clear , another beckons .
Since its launch 15 years ago , the SOHO spacecraft has watched two solar minimums , one complete solar cycle , and parts of two other cycles – the one that ended in 1996 and the one that is just stirring .
For all that time its VIRGO instrument has been measuring the total solar irradiance ( TSI ) , the energy emitted by the sun .
Its measurements can be stitched together with results from earlier missions to provide a 30 - year record of the sun ’s energy output .
What this shows is that during the latest solar minimum , the sun ’s output was 0.015 per cent lower than during the previous lull .
It might not sound like much , but it is a hugely significant result .
We used to think that the sun ’s output was unwavering .
That view began to change following the launch in 1980 of NASA ’s Solar Maximum Mission .
Its observations show that the amount of energy the sun puts out varies by around 0.1 per cent over a period of days or weeks over a solar cycle .
Shrinking star
Despite this variation , the TSI has dipped to the same level during the three previous solar minima .
Not so during this recent elongated minimum .
Although the observed drop is small , the fact that it has happened at all is unprecedented .
“ This is the first time we have measured a long - term trend in the total solar irradiance , ” says Claus Fröhlich of the World Radiation Centre in Davos , Switzerland , and lead investigator for the VIRGO instrument .
If the sun ’s energy output is changing , then its temperature must be fluctuating too .
While solar flares can heat up the gas at the surface , changes in the sun ’s core would have a more important influence on temperature , though calculations show it can take hundreds of thousands of years for the effects to percolate out to the surface .
Whatever the mechanism , the cooler the surface , the less energy there is to “ puff up ” the sun .
The upshot of any dip in the sun ’s output is that the sun should also be shrinking .
Observations suggest that it is – though we need n’t fear a catastrophe like that depicted in the movie Sunshine just yet .
Back in the 17th century French astronomer Jean Picard made his mark by measuring the sun ’s diameter .
His observations were carried out during the Maunder minimum , and he obtained a result larger than modern measurements .
Was this simply because of an error on Picard ’s part , or could the sun genuinely have shrunk since then ?
“ There has been a lot of animated discussion , and the problem is not yet solved , ” says Gérard Thuillier of the Pierre and Marie Curie University in Paris , France .
“ Any dip in the sun ’s output means that the sun is shrinking .
Observations suggest that it is , though they are controversial ”
Observations with ground - based telescopes are not precise enough to resolve the question , due to the distorting effect of Earth ’s atmosphere .
So the French space agency has designed a mission , aptly named Picard , to return precise measurements of the sun ’s diameter and look for changes .
Frustratingly the launch , on a Russian Dnepr rocket , is mired in a political disagreement between Russia and neighbouring Kazakhstan .
Until the dispute is resolved , the spacecraft must wait .
Every day of delay means valuable data being missed as the sun takes steps , however faltering , into the next cycle of activity .
“ We need to launch now , ” says Thuillier .
What the sun will do next is beyond our ability to predict .
Most astronomers think that the solar cycle will proceed , but at significantly depressed levels of activity similar to those last seen in the 19th century .
However , there is also evidence that the sun is inexorably losing its ability to produce sunspots ( see “ The sunspot forecast ” ) .
By 2015 , they could be gone altogether , plunging us into a new Maunder minimum – and perhaps a new Little Ice Age .
Of course , solar activity is just one natural source of climate variability .
Volcanic eruptions are another , spewing gas and dust into the atmosphere .
Nevertheless , it remains crucial to understand the precise changeability of the sun , and the way it influences the various regional patterns of weather on Earth .
Climate scientists will then be able to correct for these effects , not just in interpreting modern measurements but also when attempting to reconstruct the climate stretching back centuries .
It is only by doing so that we can reach an unassailable consensus about the sun ’s true level of influence on the Earth and its climate .
“ 266 days without sunspots in 2008 ”
“ 18 billion tonnes of matter thrown into space by a coronal mass ejection ”
The sunspot forecast Although sunspots are making a belated comeback after the protracted solar minimum , the signs are that all is not well .
For decades , William Livingston at the National Solar Observatory in Tucson , Arizona , has been measuring the strength of the magnetic fields which puncture the sun ’s surface and cause the spots to develop .
Last year , he and colleague Matt Penn pointed out that the average strength of sunspot magnetic fields has been sliding dramatically since 1995 .
If the trend continues , in just five years the field will have slipped below the threshold magnetic field needed for sunspots to form .
How likely is this to happen ?
Mike Lockwood at the University of Reading , UK , has scoured historical data to look for similar periods of solar inactivity , which show up as increases in the occurrence of certain isotopes in ice cores and tree rings .
He found 24 such instances in the last few thousand years .
On two of those occasions , sunspots all but disappeared for decades .
Lockwood puts the chance of this happening now at just 8 per cent .
Only on one occasion did the sunspot number bounce back to record levels .
In the majority of cases , the sun continued producing spots albeit at significantly depressed levels .
It seems that the sunspot bonanza of last century is over .
Oil droplets have been found beneath the shells of tiny post - larval blue crabs drifting into Mississippi coastal marshes from offshore waters .
The finding represents one of the first examples of how oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill is moving into the Gulf of Mexico 's food chain .
The larval crabs are eaten by all kinds of fish , from speckled trout to whale sharks , as well as by shore birds .
The tiny droplets are visible under the transparent shells of the 2 - millimeter - sized crabs collected in Davis Bayou , said Harriet Perry , director for the University of Southern Mississippi Gulf Coast Research Laboratorys Center for Fisheries Research and Development .
The research lab is working with Tulane University on a study that includes Davis Bayou in Ocean Springs .
" In all the years we 've collected , I 've never seen anything like that , said Perry .
" Just to make sure , we did send some of the megalopa ( the post - larval crabs ) to a testing firm in Pensacola and the droplets we saw were hydrocarbons . "
Perry is an assistant professor in the university 's Department of Coastal Sciences .
She has compiled an extensive list of publications and research over her 42 years at the GCRL .
The oil droplets also are being found in fiddler crab larvae .
Perry said the crabs may lose the droplets when the molt and shed their shells .
" These larvae are up in the marsh and they are picked off by small fish , small speckled trout and those type of things , so that 's the way these things get into the food chain , " she said .
The female blue crabs carry fertilized eggs around for months before they hatch around the barrier islands .
Currents carry the larvae offshore , then move them back to the protective marshes in a month - long cycle , she explained .
The crabs remain in the shore areas until adulthood , she said .
" If they lose their habitat that would be crucial to fisheries sustainability , " said Perry .
" We are going to lose recruitment ( young crabs ) just because oil covers so much of the ground where the larvae are . "
About 41 percent of the offshore larval pool is covered by oil , she said .
Besides crabs , the larvae grounds include spring and summer spawned fish .
" Red snapper are out there now . "
Oil covering the offshore larval grounds threatens a year 's class of crabs , she said .
" Those guys have to have habitat to come back to and if the habitat is impacted , if we have decimated our marshes , then they have no place to grow up , " said Perry .
" It is just critical we try to keep our marshes from being impacted by that oil . "
GCRL will set up six of its own sites to collect young crabs beginning in July in a study that has been ongoing for 11 years , she said .
" We have a good idea of what should be coming , " Perry said .
School ends in less than two weeks .
Attention spans at Centennial High School were as long as shadows on a rainy morning last week .
But Kathy
Thiebes was pleased at how engaged her first - period economics class was .
" They seem to be pretty into it , " she says midway through class .
Thiebes normally holds their interest quite well with her semester - long classroom contest featuring play money , salaries , rentable desks , cellphone fines and the kids ' own capitalistic schemes .
But Friday , the fifth - year teacher tried something at my request -- a tool that researchers think holds promise in improving our nation 's faltering financial know - how .
Video games .
You can go anywhere for financial tips -- blogs , newspapers ( ahem ) , multi-page pamphlets and guidebooks .
You can even send your 10 - year - old to money - management camp in California .
It 's called Camp Millionaire .
The Doorways to Dreams Fund , a foundation co-founded by Harvard University financial management professor Peter Tufano , is launching its second online financial literacy game this week .
Its first ,
, the one Thiebes unveiled to her class , has been live for more than a year .
Developers say it 's shown early success in educating players about such concepts as Annual Percentage Rates and enhancing their confidence .
They 're hardly alone in embracing the genre .
Researchers and financial giants elsewhere have used virtual worlds to teach financial literacy ... and , in the case of one new for - profit , entice investors .
None of the games from Doorways ( D2D Fund for short ) will beat Grand Theft Auto for creativity awards .
They aim instead for the casual gamer who dabbles in
or
the 18 - to 35 - year - old woman who does n't earn a large income but balances the family checking account , with limited confidence and knowledge .
" They do n't know what APR is , " explains Nick Maynard , who directed the game 's development , " yet they already have a credit card . "
It 's a noble effort , when not aligned circumspectly with marketing .
And it 's sorely needed .
Just over one - quarter of young adults correctly answer basic questions on interest rates , inflation and diversifying risk ,
co-authored by Dartmouth College economics professor Annamaria Lusardi .
Females fared worse than males .
Oregon and most other states do n't require high schoolers to take a personal finance class before they graduate .
It 's up to individual schools or teachers to incorporate it .
Yet teachers , generally , are n't very confident addressing it .
Nearly half of K - 12 teachers report feeling " not very competent " instructing on saving and investing ,
by the University of Wisconsin .
It does n't help that most parents struggle to serve as good role models .
Nearly half of the adults surveyed last year in the U.S. say they were n't sure they could come up with $ 2,000 in one month to pay for a financial emergency , Lusardi reported .
And the global financial crisis has undermined our youth 's confidence .
University of Arizona students found a significant drop between 2008 and 2009 in how they rated their own financial knowledge .
The drop was twice as steep for women as for men .
Confidence is one area officials at the D2D Fund hope to boost with their games -- which should total four by year 's end .
Engagement is another .
" Truth be told , it 's not that fun to sit through eight hours of personal finance information , " says Timothy Flacke , co-founder and director of D2D Fund , which aims to help lower - income families build wealth .
" In general , we learn by doing .
We learn by getting quick feedback about the choices we pick .
The actual process of playing the games is really the better way . "
The Council for Economic Education had reached the same conclusion when it launched its own free online game ,
, in March .
Researchers at Ohio University and the University of Wisconsin also have experimented with financial literacy games .
Visa , bless its dear heart , offers online games to teach " financial management skills , " including a soccer game , with Visa - branded lesson plans for teachers .
Another for - profit venture ,
. , last month launched K
.
It 's not an educational tool but an investment platform designed to look like a video game .
Founders eventually hope to open to real security trading .
Unlike most of these other financial games , you 'll find no pop quizzes in D2D 's Celebrity Calamity .
Instead , players get to manage a celebrity 's earning and shopping while avoiding a Whitney Houston - Lindsey Lohan - like debt - acle or getting fired .
Thiebes ' 12 juniors on Friday used the arrows on their keyboards to maneuver a stick figure to catch money falling from the sky .
They also had to decide whether to nab dresses , iPods and other items on the celebrities ' wish list .
" Just so you know , " Thiebes warned at the start , " money falling from the sky does not happen in real life . "
At breaks , they had to choose whether to charge purchases to a credit card or debit them from savings .
Those catching too many high - priced items found themselves slapped with overlimit fees or finance charges .
Those catching too little stash risked angering the celebrity -- Alice Albudget or Buster Buyin -- and losing their job .
Soon Thiebes ' students settled into their swivel chairs , and they found that using a credit card raised its credit limit .
Yet their celebrity 's impulsive buying could easily knock them over the limit , drain their checking account and require them to carry a monthly balance .
As the game progressed , voices rose .
Players bemoaned aloud their celebrities ' sudden purchases -- " What !
A plane ? " exclaimed Cameron Turner -- and their credit cards ' capriciously volatile Annual Percentage Rates -- " 60 percent APR ? " Kevin Gilgan asks .
" How 'd that happen ? "
In the end , eight of the 12 students gave the game high marks .
" It gets interesting once you get into it , " says Ibrahim Trad , 16 .
" I learned I hate credit cards , " Stephanie Wheeler says .
Turner , 18 , an avid gamer ( his favorite is Need for Speed ) , says he did n't mind Celebrity Calamity 's more rudimentary , stick - figure graphics nearly as much as he did its " big , random fees . "
He rated it a 5 out of 5 -- not bad for a student Thiebes says had struggled to engage in the class .
Chasing after money is the part of the game designed to take the stress out of financial management , Maynard says .
By balancing another person 's finances and curbing their splurging habits , Maynard says , the game injects players with more confidence about managing their own money .
" That 's why there 's flight simulators for pilots , " he added .
" It 's practice , " he says .
Later this week , the nonprofit introduces its latest game ,
, at a conference on underbanked Americans .
Maynard describes the game as " So You Think You Can Dance " meets Budgeting 101 -- a topic that causes recoil at any age .
Choreographed dances and music liven it up , he says .
D2D
Fund plans two more new releases later this year .
With only a $ 1 million budget , it 's looking to partner with schools , workplaces and credit unions to market the games .
" We know there 's more games to be made because we keep the topics specific and limited , " Maynard says .
" We need just more of them . "
Do their lessons stick long term ?
Preliminary research shows that players report more knowledge and confidence tackling their own finances , D2D Fund says .
But we 're still waiting for the Simon Cowells of academia to determine whether the lessons stick and actually change behavior .
For now ,
Thiebes believes it can be another tool in an increasingly desperate warchest .
" I did not have a single student get distracted while playing the game , " she says , " .. which is pretty impressive for a rainy Friday . "
--
does not give financial advice but welcomes comments and questions , as well as invites to Ms. Pac - Man tourneys .
Reach him at 503-221-8359 .
The Rudd government will consider adding '' human population growth ' ' to a key list of ecological threats that underpins Australia 's environmental laws .
Environment Minister Peter Garrett has confirmed that population growth will be weighed up to determine whether it represents a '' threatening process ' ' responsible for widespread biodiversity loss , water pollution , coastal erosion and rising greenhouse gas emissions .
If population growth is added to the list by Mr Garrett following an assessment by his department 's Threatened Species Scientific Committee , the government would then be forced to adopt a mitigation plan to deal with the damage it inflicts , including urban land clearing , increasing water use , increasing fire risk and waste disposal .
In a letter to Labor MP Kelvin Thomson , Mr Garrett confirmed that '' human population growth in Australia ' ' would then also be included as part of the government 's most important environmental law , the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act .
After late last year declaring himself in favour of a big Australia , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd earlier this year announced he had appointed Agriculture Minister Tony Burke as Australia 's first Population Minister to consider whether current rates of growth were sustainable .
It followed a prediction by Federal Treasury that Australia 's population would swell from about 22 million to 35.9 million in 2050 , with overseas migration by far the biggest contributor .
Over the past 10 years , 19 key environmental threats have been listed as threatening processes under the Environmental Protection and Biodiversity Act , which is the government 's central piece of environmental legislation .
But only two - fire risks from introduced grasses in northern Australia and the introduction of weeds through garden plants - have been listed under the Rudd government .
Image caption
The US and UK wanted to know about goings on in the Kremlin after the war
A previously top secret intelligence - sharing agreement between Britain and America is being released to the public for the first time .
Until a few years ago , even the existence of the agreement was not acknowledged by the two governments .
Signed in 1946 , it remains the basis for the sharing of intercepted communications between the countries .
Some of the material shared on the Soviet Union in the 1940s is also being released by the National Archives .
During World War II , Britain and America had co-operated closely on so called " signals intelligence " - intercepted communications .
When the war came to an end , the two sides decided to institutionalise that co-operation and establish it in the new context of the emerging Cold War with the Soviet Union .
' Truly global coverage '
As well as revealing the deal itself , the National Archive files lay bare the negotiations which led to its signing on 6 March 1946 , and the follow - up agreements throughout the 1950s that were needed to make it operate in practice .
" It 's the nuts and bolts of how it works , " said Dr Edward Hampshire , principal records specialist at the National Archives .
Details of the agreement are being released simultaneously on both sides of the Atlantic following separate Freedom of Information requests to British and American governments .
Of the Moscow representatives , nothing remains but a wet spot Detail from a Soviet court of inquiry hearing
" These are the foundational documents of the largest intelligence alliance in history - one that has had truly global coverage and shaped events decade after decade since the Second World War , " said Richard Aldrich , author of a recently published history of GCHQ ( Government Communications Headquarters ) .
Thousands of files reveal private conversations and correspondence between Soviet citizens , military personnel , Communist Party officials and religious leaders in the period from 1946 to 1949 .
These US and UK intercepts give a flavour of life within the Soviet Union at the time , ranging from local crime statistics to details of economic woe and the banning of local folk songs .
There are also insights into the bureaucracy of the Soviet state , and in one file there are reports of a colonel in the Ministry of Internal Affairs being subjected to a court of inquiry .
The reports talk of a " stormy meeting " and one person is quoted as saying : " Of the Moscow representatives , nothing remains but a wet spot . "
Dr Hampshire said : " For any historians of the Soviet Union and the tail end of the Stalin era , it gives you a fascinating view of what was going on .
" It gives you an indication of the extent to which the centre in Moscow was imposing itself really on a granular level on the whole Soviet Union . "
' Greater good '
The intelligence alliance still operates today , and since the incorporation of Australia , Canada and New Zealand , it has been known as the " five eyes " .
Earlier this year , in an interview with the BBC , director of GCHQ Iain Lobban explained how it works now .
" It is based on sharing where it is possible to do so , " he said .
" So where we can save each other work , where we can bring analytic effort together , where we can actually produce reporting for the greater good we will do so . "
Cooking instructor and author of Planet Barbecue Steven Raichlen knows a thing or two about grilling a steak , and today he 's debunking a few grilling myths that 'll help make your weekend barbecue that much better .
Advertisement
The perfect steak is one of the " high holies " of the grill .
So let 's dispel some common myths to help you nail the perfect steak every time .
Advertisement
Photo by FotoosVanRobin .
Myth 1 :
A steak is a steak is a steak .
Not all steaks are created equal and each requires its own special way of grilling .
Thin ones , like skirt and flank steaks , should be grilled quickly over a hot fire .
Thick steaks , like a porterhouse or T - bone , require a two zone fire - the hot zone for searing , the medium hot zone for cooking the meat through .
Tough , fibrous steaks , like flank steaks , should be scored on the top and bottom to tenderize them and thinly sliced across the grain when served .
Lean steaks , like filet mignon , require added fat , either in the form of an oil - based marinade or a wrapping of pancetta or bacon .
Myth 2 :
You should bring a steak to room temperature before grilling .
Leaving meat out at room temperature is a formula for disaster and there is n't a respectable steak house in the world that does it .
Steaks ( indeed , any meat ) should be kept ice - cold - and bacteria free - until the moment they go on the grill .
( When you 're working over a 600° to 800 °F fire , it takes mere seconds to take the chill off the meat . )
Advertisement
Myth 3 :
Salt toughens steak .
Do n't apply it before grilling .
A generous sprinkling of salt ( kosher or coarse sea salt ) and cracked black peppercorns applied just prior to grilling gives you the savory crust and robust flavor characteristic of the best steak house steaks .
Grill masters from Florence to Florianópolis back me up on this .
Season steaks right before they go on the grill .
Just do n't season them hours ahead or the salt will draw out the meat juices and make the steaks soggy .
Advertisement
Myth 4 :
A barbecue fork is the proper tool for turning a steak .
Stabbing a steak with a fork serves only to puncture the meat and drain out the juices .
Turn your steaks with tongs .
Advertisement
Myth 5 :
Turn the steaks often while grilling .
If you watch really top steak masters from around the world , you 'll notice they turn a steak only once .
Why ?
This produces a better crust .
Advertisement
Myth 6 :
The best way to check a steak for doneness is to cut into it with a knife .
Again , cutting the meat releases the juices .
The best way to check for doneness is to poke a steak with your finger .
A rare steak is soft and squishy ; a medium rare steak is yielding ; medium is gently yielding ; medium - well is firm ; and well - done is hard and springy .
Advertisement
Myth 7 :
Steak tastes best sizzling hot off the grill .
Like most grilled meats , a steak hot off the grill will taste leathery and dry .
You need to let it rest for a few minutes on a warm plate before serving .
This allows the meat to " relax , " making for a juicier , more tender steak .
Advertisement
Finally , for flavor , sheen , and succulence , do n't forget to drizzle a little extra - virgin olive oil , melted butter , or beef fat over your perfectly grilled steak before serving .
Think of it as the varnish on your masterpiece .
Advertisement
Planet Barbecue is available on Amazon .
THE Israeli raid on the Free Gaza flotilla has generated an outpouring of clichés from the usual suspects .
It is almost impossible to discuss the Middle East without resorting to tired accusations and ritual defenses : perhaps a little house cleaning is in order .
No .
1 : Israel is being / should be delegitimized
Israel is a state like any other , long - established and internationally recognized .
The bad behavior of its governments does not “ delegitimize ” it , any more than the bad behavior of the rulers of North Korea , Sudan — or , indeed , the United States — “ delegitimizes ” them .
When Israel breaks international law , it should be pressed to desist ; but it is precisely because it is a state under international law that we have that leverage .
Some critics of Israel are motivated by a wish that it did not exist — that it would just somehow go away .
But this is the politics of the ostrich : Flemish nationalists feel the same way about Belgium , Basque separatists about Spain .
Israel is not going away , nor should it .
As for the official Israeli public relations campaign to discredit any criticism as an exercise in “ de- legitimization , ” it is uniquely self - defeating .
Every time Jerusalem responds this way , it highlights its own isolation .
No .
2 : Israel is / is not a democracy
Perhaps the most common defense of Israel outside the country is that it is “ the only democracy in the Middle East . ”
This is largely true : the country has an independent judiciary and free elections , though it also discriminates against non-Jews in ways that distinguish it from most other democracies today .
The expression of strong dissent from official policy is increasingly discouraged .
In a recent op - ed , Moshe Arens suggested that Israel seriously consider the option of a single state west of the Jordan , in which Palestinians be granted full citizenship .
The one - state solution is advocated by a number of Palestinian intellectuals and is becoming rather popular within the European left .
Their reason is generally that the one - state solution would give more justice to the Palestinians - this position is mostly seen as anti-Israeli .
Israels extreme right favors holding onto the greater land of Israel , generally on theological grounds .
Arens raises his idea from a different standpoint , because he is a secular liberal who indeed believes in full equality for Israels Arabs .
Even though I have for years argued that the one - state solution is not feasible , Aren 's idea needs to be explored - at least as a thought experiment - because it may well be that the window of opportunity for the two - state solution is about to close .
So far no Israeli government has succeeded in implementing it ; Palestinians are beginning to reject it , and Israel may not be able to uproot more than one hundred thousand settlers .
Open gallery view IDF soldiers checking a Palestinian taxi driver in the West Bank .
Credit : Reuters
Arens has indeed tried in his political career to increase equality for Israels Arabs , and he deplores Israels failure to do so .
He has told me in conversation that this failure was his strongest motivation for writing the article on a one - state solution .
In my mind , thinking about this failure requires us to face that Israel has been in an ongoing culture war for most of its existence – and not only with respect to its Arab citizens .
Israels elections ostensibly seem to be about the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , but in reality they are a reflection of the tensions in Israels society : religious vs. secular ; Ashkenazi vs. Sephardim ; Jews vs. Arabs .
Of course , many will not accept Arens assessment that there are only 1.5 million Palestinians in the West Bank , and Palestinians are unlikely to accept the exclusion of Gaza from the new state .
But even in Arens scenario , Israel would de facto become a bi-national state .
Jewish cultural hegemony would have to be largely renounced and give way to a multicultural model .
Arens idea raises a real challenge for Israel :
It would , for the first time , have to truly face the task of radically revising its political system and culture and to think carefully about how ethnicities , religions and worldviews can truly live side by side with each other instead of struggling for cultural hegemony .
One consequence of Arens idea is that the state would have to sever its ties to all religious institutions , and would have to become completely secular , along the French or U.S. model .
Both Jews and Muslims would have to accept that religion cannot play any role in affairs of the state , and religious institutions would become completely voluntary and communitarian .
In order to avoid tensions between the various religious groups , and between religious and secular lifestyles , the Swiss confederative model might be considered .
The federal governments involvement in the cantons internal affairs would be low to allow for maximal cultural flexibility .
Both Jews and Palestinians would have to be willing to renounce the struggle for hegemony .
The political culture would have to be structured in a way that avoids such a struggle .
Jews would have to be willing to accept Jabotinskys suggestion that the President of the state could be sometimes Jewish and sometimes Arab .
Of course the most attractive feature of the one - state solution is a complete restructuring of the Middle East .
Arab rejection of a fully liberal Israel - Palestine would no longer have a case .
Of course radical Islamists might continue to object to the presence of non-Muslims , but the majority of Arabs would feel much more comfortable with a bi-national state .
I continue to be skeptical about the one - state solution .
I am afraid that it will be very difficult to implement , and it is almost unimaginable that a cohesive society would emerge after a century of bloody conflict , particularly if you consider that even states like Belgium are on the verge of falling apart .
Economic inequality , which is very high in Israel today , would increase even further and create huge problems .
Arens challenge must be taken seriously , for a number of reasons :
First , we are close to the point at which only the one state solution will be possible .
Second , because we need to face that the culture wars have led to the point where Israel is currently on the verge of falling apart as a country .
The events surrounding the refusal of Haredi parents in Immanuel to have their daughters study with Mizrahi girls must be seen as what they are .
The Haredi community has staged the imprisonments of these parents into a grand event of martyrdom for the Torah .
For them Israels legal system simply has no legitimacy .
Paradoxically , not only Ashkenazi Haredim think this way - the Haredi state of mind was made fully explicit by Rabbi Ovadia Yosef , Shas spiritual leader , who condemned the High Court of Justice for intervening .
He said that the offended Mizrahi parents should not have turned to arkaot - the term traditionally used by Jews to designate the courts of the gentile countries in which Jews lived .
It was seen as a betrayal of Jews by Jews to turn to these courts instead of a rabbinical court .
Add to this that some Haredim used terms like the Chelmnitzky pogroms and inquisition to describe these events .
This rhetoric shows the depth of the chasm between the Haredim and the rest of the country .
De facto , approximately one million Jews - Haredim and part of the settler community - have ceased accepting the authority of the state .
Add to this that most of Israels 1.5 million Arabs do not identify with the state and you get a society without little cohesion and a state whose legitimacy is question from within and from without .
Given this situation we need to see that Israel will have to rethink its conceptual and legal foundations .
Even if the two - state solution would finally be achieved , Israel would do well to apply some of the features of the one - state solution : to become a truly liberal , secular state without ethnic dominance in which subgroups no longer try to impose their way of life on each other .
It should seriously consider a confederative structure to defuse its culture wars that are tearing it apart .
Abstract Epigenetic mechanisms have been implicated in syndromes associated with mental impairment but little is known about the role of epigenetics in determining the normal variation in human intelligence .
We measured polymorphisms in four DNA methyltransferases ( DNMT1 , DNMT3A , DNMT3B and DNMT3L ) involved in epigenetic marking and related these to childhood and adult general intelligence in a population ( n = 1542 ) consisting of two Scottish cohorts born in 1936 and residing in Lothian ( n = 1075 ) or Aberdeen ( n = 467 ) .
All subjects had taken the same test of intelligence at age 11yrs .
The Lothian cohort took the test again at age 70yrs .
The minor T allele of DNMT3L SNP 11330C >T ( rs7354779 ) allele was associated with a higher standardised childhood intelligence score ; greatest effect in the dominant analysis but also significant in the additive model ( coefficient = 1.40 additive ; 95 %CI 0.22,2.59 ; p = 0.020 and 1.99 dominant ; 95 %CI 0.55,3.43 ; p = 0.007 ) .
The DNMT3L C allele was associated with an increased risk of being below average intelligence ( OR 1.25 additive ; 95 %CI 1.05,1.51 ; p = 0.011 and OR 1.37 dominant ; 95 %CI 1.11,1.68 ; p = 0.003 ) , and being in the lowest 40th ( p additive = 0.009 ; p dominant = 0.002 ) and lowest 30th ( p additive = 0.004 ; p dominant = 0.002 ) centiles for intelligence .
After Bonferroni correction for the number variants tested the link between DNMT3L 11330C >T and childhood intelligence remained significant by linear regression and centile analysis ; only the additive regression model was borderline significant .
Adult intelligence was similarly linked to the DNMT3L variant but this analysis was limited by the numbers studied and nature of the test and the association was not significant after Bonferroni correction .
We believe that the role of epigenetics in the normal variation in human intelligence merits further study and that this novel finding should be tested in other cohorts .
Citation : Haggarty P , Hoad G , Harris SE , Starr JM , Fox HC , Deary IJ , et al. ( 2010 ) Human Intelligence and Polymorphisms in the DNA Methyltransferase Genes Involved in Epigenetic Marking .
PLoS ONE 5 ( 6 ) : e11329 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0011329
Editor : Axel Imhof , Ludwig- Maximilians - Universität München , Germany Received : December 11 , 2009 ; Accepted : May 18 , 2010 ; Published : June 25 , 2010 Copyright : © 2010 Haggarty et al .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
Funding :
The genotype measurements were funded by the Scottish Government Rural and Environment Research and Analysis Directorate ( RERAD ) and the Alzheimer 's Research Trust .
PH and GH acknowledge the support of RERAD .
The Aberdeen data and sample collection was funded by BBSRC .
The Lothian work was undertaken within The University of Edinburgh Centre for Cognitive Ageing and Cognitive Epidemiology , part of the cross council Lifelong Health and Wellbeing Initiative , with funding from BBSRC , EPSRC , ESRC and MRC .
The Lothian data collection was supported by a programme grant from Research Into Ageing , which continues as the Disconnected Mind project funded by Help the Aged .
The funders had no role in study design , data collection and analysis , decision to publish , or preparation of the manuscript .
Competing interests :
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist .
Introduction Intelligence is a general mental capability which encompasses the ability to reason , plan , solve problems , think abstractly , learn quickly and make sense of our surroundings [ 1 ] .
Human intelligence is characterised by a high level of heritability [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] but known genetic effects can account for very little of this [ 1 ] and it has been suggested that the effect of individual genes may be much smaller than previously assumed [ 3 ] .
There is growing interest in the potential for epigenetics to influence cognition [ 4 ] – [ 7 ] .
Epigenetic status has recently been defined as “ a stably heritable phenotype resulting from changes in a chromosome without alterations in the DNA sequence . ” [ 8 ] .
Such epigenetic ‘ heritability ’ may occur through either mitosis or meiosis and therefore has the potential to explain at least part of the high heritability of intelligence .
Epigenetic mechanisms have been implicated in many syndromes associated with mental impairment ; Autism ( MIM209850 ) , Rett ( MIM312750 ) , Immunodeficiency - Centromeric Instability - Facial Abnormalities ( ICF ) ( MIM242860 ) , Prader - Willi ( MIM176270 ) , Angelman ( MIM105830 ) , Fragile X ( MIM300624 ) , Rubinstein - Tabi ( MIM180849 ) [ 4 ] – [ 6 ] , [ 9 ] – [ 13 ] but little is known about the role of epigenetics in determining the normal variation in human cognitive abilities .
The role of epigenetics in human complex traits such as intelligence is difficult to study for a number of reasons .
Epigenetic status can be influenced by factors such as diet [ 14 ] and alcohol [ 15 ] therefore , depending on the epigenetic mark of interest , there is a danger of reverse causality , where lifestyle choices linked to intelligence may influence epigenetic status .
A further difficulty is that the epigenetic status of many genes is tissue specific therefore the epigenome of easily accessible tissues ( e.g. blood or buccal cells ) may not always reflect the epigenome of the functional organ of interest ( e.g. the brain ) .
Perhaps paradoxically , evidence for the involvement of epigenetic processes in intelligence may be obtained from genetic association studies .
The goal of genetic association studies is to identify patterns of polymorphisms that vary systematically between individuals with different phenotypes and could therefore represent the effects of risk - enhancing or protective alleles [ 16 ] .
Association is assumed to arise because the function of the gene has been altered in some way by the measured variant - or another in linkage disequilibrium with it - and that the change in gene function influences the phenotype .
Such an approach can help to identify specific biological processes underpinning traits that may otherwise be difficult to study in humans .
Analysis of genetic variants within the genes of the epigenetic pathway has been carried out to look for evidence of the involvement of epigenetic processes in the aetiology of diseases such as cancer [ 17 ] .
We have used the same approach here in relation to human intelligence .
DNA methylation is probably the most commonly studied epigenetic phenomenon .
We investigated the association between variants in genes involved in the epigenetic marking of DNA by methylation and childhood and adult general intelligence in population based samples with an unusually valuable phenotype : a large number of subjects who had taken the same validated general , IQ - type mental test at age 11 .
A sub group of these took the same test again almost 60 years later .
Polymorphisms were measured in the four DNA methyltransferases : DNMT1 ( MIM126375 ) ; DNMT3A ( MIM602769 ) ; DNMT3B ( MIM602900 ) ; DNMT3L ( MIM606588 ) .
Genetic variation in all four DNMTs was studied in order to provide additional information on the nature of the epigenetic process which may influence human intelligence .
The main function of DNMT1 is to ensure the propagation of existing methylation patterns , whilst DNMT3A and DNMT3B are primarily required for de novo methylation , with DNMT3L acting as an essential cofactor , particularly in the establishment of methylation imprints in the gametes [ 18 ] – [ 22 ] .
Materials and Methods Subjects The Lothian and Aberdeen Birth Cohorts 1936 ( LBC1936 and ABC1936 ) comprise surviving participants of the Scottish Mental Survey 1947 ( SMS1947 ) who now live in the Lothian ( Edinburgh and its surroundings ) and Aberdeen areas of Scotland , respectively .
Ethics statement Ethics permission for the study was obtained from the Multi- Centre Research Ethics Committee for Scotland ( MREC/01/0/56 ) and from Lothian Research Ethics Committee ( LREC/2003/2/29 ) and Grampian Research Ethics Committee ( LREC/01/0299 ) .
The research was conducted in compliance with the Helsinki Declaration .
All subjects gave written , informed consent .
Mental test
On June 4th 1947 almost all people born in 1936 and attending school in Scotland were tested on a valid general cognitive ability test [ 23 ] .
The mental test was a version of the Moray House Test ( MHT ) No. 12 , which was concurrently validated against the Terman - Merrill revision of the Binet Scales with a coefficient of approximately 0.8 .
The test was re-administered to the LBC1936 when participants were seen again at age 70 ( IQR = 1.3 ) yrs , using the same instructions and the same 45 - minute time limit .
Only two small changes were made to items whose content had become archaic .
The test is often referred to as the ‘ Verbal Test ’ or as a ‘ verbal reasoning ’ test .
However , the test has items of a variety of types : following directions ( 14 items ) , same - opposites ( 11 ) , word classification ( 10 ) , analogies ( 8 ) , practical items ( 6 ) , reasoning ( 5 ) , proverbs ( 4 ) , arithmetic ( 4 ) , spatial items ( 4 ) , mixed sentences ( 3 ) , cipher decoding ( 2 ) , and other items ( 4 ) .
The maximum possible score in the MHT was 76 .
Variant selection and genotyping Blood samples were taken for DNA extraction from white blood cells and the samples stored as described elsewhere [ 24 ] , [ 25 ] .
The concentration of DNA was determined by RNaseP assay ( Applied Biosystems , Warrington , UK ) before genotyping .
Genotypes were detected by allelic discrimination assay using TaqMan® MGB probes labelled with 6 - FAM ™ and VIC ® on a 7500 Fast real - time PCR system ( Applied Biosystems , Warrington , UK ) .
The gene variants studied were : DNMT1 ( MIM126375 19p13.3–p13.2 ; 21220C >T ; rs2114724 ) ; DNMT3A ( MIM 602769 ; 2p23 ; 28510C >T ; rs734693 ) ; DNMT3B ( MIM602900 ; 20q11.2 ; 46359C >T ; rs2424913 ) ; DNMT3L ( MIM606588 ; 21q22.3 ; 11330C >T ; rs7354779 ) .
A second variant in DNMT1 ( 35433A > G ; rs2162560 ) was measured in the ABC1936 cohort but this was found to be highly reciprocally correlated with the DNMT1 21220C > T variant ( coefficient = − 0.85 ; p<0.001 ) and therefore was not measured in the larger LBC1936 and dropped from the study .
We used the candidate polymorphism approach which focuses on individual polymorphisms that are suspected of being implicated in biological function [ 16 ] .
This hypothesis directed approach has the advantage of minimising the number of variants studied and hence reducing the risk of false positive results .
Very rare variants are of limited value in association studies as they are only relevant to a small proportion of the population and their effects are difficult to detect in practice therefore we selected only variants where the frequency of the homozygous minor allele was > 5 % .
The DNMT3L 11330C > T variant is a non-synonymous polymorphism resulting in the amino acid change Gly278 Arg within the C- terminal portion of DNMT3L .
Such non-synonymous variations in the functional domains of the DNMTs are unusual and no non-synonymous polymorphisms have been detected in the catalytic domains of DNMT3A / B or DNMT1 in a European population [ 26 ] .
Variants in these genes were selected for study primarily on the basis of whether they have been related to a phenotype .
Such associations are assumed to arise as a result of non-coding effects [ 27 ] or because the variants are in linkage disequilibrium with functional variant (s ) within the gene .
The DNMT3B variant is located in the promoter region and has been associated with the risk of cancer [ 28 ] .
For the DNMT1 , 3A and 3L variants we have observed phenotypic associations in other cohorts ( manuscripts in preparation ) .
All available DNA samples from the cohorts were measured .
Only samples in which a valid genotype was not able to be measured were excluded from the data analysis .
Genotyping was carried out by laboratory staff blind to the MHT score results .
Statistics Medians are presented with inter-quartile ranges ( IQR ) .
The distributions of MHT scores by cohort are presented in kernel density plots .
The Moray House
Test score percentiles were normalised by transformation to an IQ type scale of mean 100 and standard deviation 15 using the invnorm function in STATA .
This transformation facilitates the use of parametric tests and allows the magnitude of any genetic effect to be presented on a commonly understood scale in the field of cognition .
Statistical analysis was carried out using STATA / SE version 11 ( Stata Corp , College Station , Texas , USA ) for both additive ( CC vs CT vs TT ) and dominant ( CC vs CT / TT ) models .
Associations between genotype and intelligence were evaluated using various statistical tests ; linear regression , logistic regression , Chi2 .
Genotype - sex interactions were assessed by Hosmer and Lemeshow likelihood ratio test .
Regression coefficients ( un- standardised ) are presented with 95 % confidence intervals and p values .
Discussion
We observed a significant association between the DNMT3L 11330C > T variant and childhood intelligence in a study population made up of two large birth cohorts born in Scotland in 1936 .
Adult intelligence was also related to the same DNMT3L genotype but it should be noted that the test of intelligence , designed for children , may not have been sufficiently challenging to discriminate adult performance at the highest levels of intelligence and the number of data points on which the analysis was based ( LBC1936 only ) was less than for the childhood data .
The relationship between DNMT3L and adult intelligence was only approaching statistical significance after Bonferroni adjustment therefore the primary finding here is in relation to childhood intelligence .
Intelligence is a highly complex phenotype which is the net result of a wide rage of biological processes and the effect of individual polymorphisms on intelligence is thought to be very low [ 3 ] .
In this study the DNMT3L genotype accounted for around 0.5 % of the variance in intelligence , with the common DNMT3L homozygote genotype being associated with an approximately 2 point reduction in standardised intelligence .
It should be emphasised that this variant could not be used as any sort of test or predictor of intelligence , at either the group or individual level .
The value of this finding is that it may point to specific biological processes which are worthy of further study .
Current understanding of the role of DNMT3L points to the process of epigenetic regulation and imprinting – parent of origin specific epigenetic marking – in particular [ 21 ] , [ 29 ] , [ 30 ] .
DNMT3L is known to interact with the histone deacetylases [ 31 ] and histone methyltransferases [ 32 ] but its primary effect is on de novo DNA methylation [ 21 ] , [ 29 ] , [ 30 ] .
DNMT3L is structurally similar to the other methyltransferases .
It is essential for de novo methylation but its mode of action primarily involves interaction with the other methyltransferases as it does not have methyltransferase activity itself [ 18 ] – [ 22 ] .
Studies in animals have demonstrated that the progeny of Dnmt3L knockouts exhibit loss of imprinting , stochastic imprinting and biallelic expression of imprinted genes [ 33 ] , [ 34 ] .
The DNMT3L 11330C > T variant alters the amino acids sequence of the C- terminal portion of DNMT3L which interacts with the active catalytic methyltransferase domain of DNMT3A and DNMT3B [ 19 ] .
A recent study reported differences in the methylation level of some genes in association with the DNMT3L 11330C > T variant [ 26 ] .
These differences were not significant after adjustment for multiple testing but it is unlikely that this study was sufficiently powered for the very large number of tests carried out .
The imprint is set during reproduction and , in a human study analogous to the experimental animal knockouts , we measured the effect of maternal DNMT3L 11330C >
T genotype on the methylation status of the imprinted gene IGF2 in newborn cord blood ( manuscript in preparation ) .
The minor DNMT3L allele , associated here with a higher level of adult intelligence , was associated with a significantly lower level of methylation in IGF2 using the same statistical model ( p = 0.035 , n = 840 ) .
A mechanism operating through epigenetic regulation , and imprinting in particular , would be consistent with many of the characteristics of human intelligence .
Although known imprinted genes make up only around 1 % of all genes in humans they primarily affect brain function and behaviour and pre-natal growth [ 5 ] , [ 35 ] .
These two key effects of the imprinted genes are consistent with the epidemiological link between IQ and birth weight [ 36 ] .
The differential maternal and paternal inheritance patterns of many mental disorders would also be consistent with an imprinting mechanism [ 37 ] , [ 38 ] .
Direct evidence of an imprinting link to intelligence comes from disorders of imprinting , such as Prader - Willi syndrome ( MIM176270 ) and Angelman syndrome ( MIM105830 ) , which are associated with a reduction in IQ [ 12 ] .
Other mental impairment syndromes have been linked to imprinting changes or genetic polymorphisms relevant to epigenetics [ 9 ] , [ 11 ] , [ 13 ] , [ 39 ] , [ 40 ] .
Evidence in support of a role for imprinting in neural function and cognition continues to grow [ 5 ] , [ 41 ] – [ 47 ] but direct evidence in humans is difficult to obtain because of the difficulty of studying the brain directly .
A link between intelligence and a genetic variant within a gene which is critical to imprinting is therefore a useful piece of additional evidence .
The potential involvement of epigenetics , and imprinting in particular , raises the intriguing possibility that even the heritable component of intelligence could be modifiable by factors such as diet during early development .
The ultimate methyl donor for epigenetic - methylation reactions is the folate - methylation cycle and feeding pregnant dams diets deficient in methyl donors results in altered epigenetic regulation of specific genes in the offspring ; e.g. axin fused [ 48 ] and the Agouti gene which is under imprinting control [ 49 ] , [ 50 ] .
Variation in the expression and epigenetic marking of the imprinted genes is also seen in humans [ 35 ] , [ 51 ] , [ 52 ] and human twin studies have demonstrated the heritability of imprinted gene methylation [ 53 ] , [ 54 ] .
We speculate that these two properties of imprinting – heritability and plasticity – could potentially explain the apparent paradox of the high level of IQ heritability [ 2 ] alongside the steady rise in IQ test scores from one generation to the next in the so called “ Flynn effect ” [ 55 ] , [ 56 ] .
The association between genetic variation in DNMT3L and childhood intelligence reported here must be considered an initial and as yet un-replicated finding , with the priority being to replicate the association in other populations .
An association between DNMT3L and intelligence would be consistent with the critical role of DNMT3L in imprinting and the evidence linking imprinting to cognitive function but more work is needed to determine which function of DNMT3L is influenced by the 11330C > T variant and to investigate how this process might influence human intelligence .
Acknowledgments
The Lothian work was undertaken within The University of Edinburgh Centre for Cognitive Ageing and Cognitive Epidemiology , part of the cross council Lifelong Health and Wellbeing Initiative .
Author Contributions Conceived and designed the experiments : PH SH JMS HCF IJD LW .
Performed the experiments : GH HCF IJD LW .
Analyzed the data : PH .
Contributed reagents / materials / analysis tools : PH .
Wrote the paper : PH GH SH JMS HCF IJD LW .
Carried out the statistical analysis : PH .
Support for the federal Conservatives has dipped slightly amid a fresh scandal in Ottawa while backing for the Liberals has edged up , closing the gap between the two parties among decided voters , a new poll suggests .
The Tories are the preferred party of 31.4 per cent of decided voters who responded to the survey , with the Liberals close behind at 29 per cent .
The New Democratic Party took 16.4 per cent , the Green Party 11.1 per cent and the Bloc Québécois 8.8 per cent .
The EKOS poll , released exclusively to the CBC , was conducted from April 7 until Tuesday , a period that straddles last Friday ’s stunning announcement by Prime Minister Stephen Harper that he had called in the RCMP to investigate MP Helena Guergis and that he was booting her from her cabinet post as junior minister for the status of women .
Tory support was down 2.2 percentage points from last week , when the party drew 33.6 per cent support , while the Liberals were up 1.7 points from 27.3 .
The NDP ’s numbers rose slightly from last week ’s 15.9 per cent , while the Greens and Bloc each fell about half a point .
May be closing gap
The Liberals , who had the lead in polls as recently as early February , fell to a consistent five - point - plus deficit behind the Tories in past weeks , but they may be closing the gap as more details emerge about the Guergis case .
Guergis has been suspended from the Conservative caucus , but speculation continues to run wild about whether her husband , former MP Rahim Jaffer , had access to her parliamentary office and use of her chauffeured ministerial vehicle .
Consistent with prior weeks , support for the Conservatives was strongest in the Prairies and among men and people aged 45 and older , according to the poll .
The latest figures suggest , however , that the government is losing ground among voters aged 65 - plus and those with post - secondary education .
Backing for the Liberals tends to be stronger in Atlantic Canada and Ontario , and among university - educated voters .
The NDP saw its greatest strength in British Columbia and among people aged 25 to 44 .
Disfavour strongest in Quebec
Respondents were also asked whether they thought the federal government was " moving in the right direction . "
Slightly fewer than last week , 43.1 per cent , said they thought so , while 47.6 per cent said they disapproved of the government ’s course , up from 46.5 per cent last week .
The most ardent disfavour came from Quebec , where nearly 70 per cent of respondents sided against the government ’s direction .
EKOS surveyed 1,555 people by phone between April 7 and Tuesday .
The voting - intention results are accurate to within 2.5 percentage points , 19 times out of 20 .
Three former Labour MPs and a Tory peer must face a criminal trial as judge rejects claim of parliamentary privilege
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Three former Labour MPs and a Conservative peer are not protected from prosecution by parliamentary privilege , a judge ruled today .
The decision by Mr Justice Saunders means David Chaytor , Elliot Morley , Jim Devine and Lord Hanningfield will all stand trial for theft by false accounting at a criminal court .
Sitting at Southwark crown court , the judge said the argument that submitting an expenses form was part of the proceedings of parliament , and therefore protected by privilege , was akin to saying that the coin used in a slot machine was part of its machinery .
" The decision that I have had to make has not been easy , " he said .
" If the question of parliamentary privilege had not been raised , I would have initiated this inquiry myself , as I would have had to satisfy myself that the allegations to be investigated at trial were not covered by privilege . "
He added that the privilege was that of parliament , and not of any individual member , so the defendants would not have been able to waive it even if they had wanted to .
He said the " extreme suggestion in some quarters that the fact that the defendants have raised this issue is some indication of guilt is not only misconceived but also unfair " .
" Very important constitutional principles are involved which must be respected , and that must be the case even if it leads to a result which is unpopular not only with the public but also with members of parliament , " said Saunders .
Media organisations including the Guardian successfully applied for reporting restrictions to be lifted , permitting the reporting of the judge 's ruling on the issue of parliamentary privilege .
In his ruling , Mr Justice Saunders said parliament does not have an effective procedure for investigating and deciding guilt , and the range of penalties open to parliament was " considerably smaller " than that available to the criminal courts .
" If possible , it is preferable for criminal allegations to be decided by criminal courts who are equipped to deal with them , " he said .
The judge said he accepted that the processing of the expenses forms was part of the workings of parliament , but added : " I see no reason to extend that privilege to cover the submission of the form .
" There has to be a line drawn and it has to be drawn somewhere . "
He went on : " The fact that it is the submission of the claim form that sets the machinery of parliament in motion does not make it part of that machinery , just as putting a coin in a slot machine does not make the coin part of the mechanism of the slot machine just because it initiates the process . "
Chaytor , 60 , of Todmorden , Lancashire , the former MP for Bury North , is accused of falsely claiming rent on a London flat he owned , falsely filing invoices for IT work and renting a property from his mother , against regulations .
Morley , 57 , of Winterton , North Lincolnshire , the former Scunthorpe MP , is charged with falsely claiming £ 30,428 in interest payments between 2004 and 2007 towards a mortgage on his home which he had already paid off .
Devine , 57 , of Bathgate , West Lothian , the former MP for Livingston , is accused of wrongly submitting two invoices worth a total of £ 5,505 for services provided by Armstrong Printing Limited .
He also faces a second charge alleging that he dishonestly claimed cleaning and maintenance costs of £ 3,240 by submitting false invoices from Tom O'Donnell Hygiene and Cleaning Services .
Lord Hanningfield , 69 , of West Hanningfield , near Chelmsford , Essex , a former leader of Essex county council , faces six charges of making dishonest claims for travelling allowances .
All four defendants are on unconditional bail .
An advertising campaign for tampons is rejected by US television networks for daring to include the word vagina
For years , advertising for tampons and " sanitary products " have been shrouded in nebulous euphemism .
So what happens when a US tampon - maker drops the coy messaging and goes straight for the jugular ( so to speak ) ?
Its ad gets banned by the major US television networks for mentioning the word vagina .
Even when the company substituted " down there " for vagina , two of the networks still would n't run the ad , so the company was forced to drop the idea altogether .
That provoked Amanda Hess , author of The Sexist blog , to observe : " Now , the commercial contains no direct references to female genitalia – you know , the place where the fucking tampon goes . "
An executive for Kimberly - Clark , the owner of Kotex , notes that US TV networks have no such compunction about references to " erectile dysfunction " in prime - time ads for Viagra and Ciallis .
The New York Times reports that the campaign – produced by the advertising agency JWT , part of WPP – for tampon brand Kotex was " a bit too frank " for US television :
Merrie Harris , global business director at JWT , said that after being informed that it could not use the word vagina in advertising by three broadcast networks , it shot the ad cited above with the actress instead saying " down there " , which was rejected by two of the three networks .
( Both Ms Harris and representatives from the brand declined to specify the networks . )
" It 's very funny because the whole spot is about censorship , " Ms Harris said .
" The whole category has been very euphemistic , or paternalistic even , and we 're saying , enough with the euphemisms , and get over it .
Tampon is not a dirty word , and neither is vagina . "
The amended ad shown above , " How do I feel about my period ? " , has a series of images parodying the stock images used in sanitary product advertising , and concludes : " The ads on TV are really helpful because they use that blue liquid , and I 'm like , oh , that 's what 's supposed to happen . "
The ad debuted on US television this week .
Things are different in anything - goes Britain , where the makers of the Mooncup product have a website entitled loveyourvagina.com .
June 24 , 2010  --
Maybe they 're not on the cover of Star magazine every week .
Maybe Hollywood executives are n't banging down their doors .
Maybe they 're not even alive anymore .
No matter .
They 're getting a ton of love from the Internet , in the form of digital works of art that pair them with elements both incomprehensible ( sandwiches and waterfalls ) and awesome ( the aforementioned sandwiches and waterfalls . )
" Sad Keanu " is the latest Internet meme , or quickly - spreading trend , to give a star a second wind .
In May , a paparazzo snapped a series of photos of a downtrodden - looking Keanu Reeves sitting on a park bench , eating a sandwich and looking glum about the world .
He may not have been moping .
He may have just been lost in a Reuben - induced haze .
But Keanu fans on the Internet looked at the photo , looked at his " I 'm probably not trying to impress any casting directors right now " beard , looked at Wikipedia to learn that he has n't had a major box office hit since 2005 , and concluded : Keanu needs some cheering up .
So was born Sad Keanu , which Photoshopped the original image of the actor into new and fantastic scenarios .
One Sad Keanu picture gives him bench mates : Forrest Gump and David Beckham .
Another sets him up at the " Cheers " bar with George Wendt .
Yet another plops him in Kim Jong Il 's family portrait .
Others surround him with cats , miniature Sad Keanus , and Joseph Stalin and Winston Churchill .
Sad Keanu spawned a Facebook movement -- whose 14,000 - plus members celebrated Cheer Up Keanu Day on June 15 -- and a URL shortener -- http://kea.nu -- that lets fans share Sad Keanu pictures while benefitting the charity Stand Up 2 Cancer .
But the actor is n't loving all the attention .
When ABCNews.com requested comment from Reeves , his representatives sent back this e-mail statement : " Keanu Reeves would like to thank all of his fans for their concerns regarding his happiness and wants to assure everyone that all is well .
This situation is a result of a misinterpretation of a paparazzi shot . "
Sad Keanu Follows Selleck Waterfall Sandwich
In addition , Splash News , which owns the rights to the original photo , invoked the Digital Milennium Copyright Act to keep Internet illustrators from creating new Sad Keanus .
Now that 's really what 's sad .
If Reeves had followed the example set by Betty White -- who welcomed a tidal wave of Web attention after starring in a Snickers commercial during the 2010 Superbowl -- he could be hosting " Saturday Night Live " with his " Bill and Ted " co-star , Alex Winter ( remember him ? ) , next season .
" Her whole career was revived via the Web and the reason why it was successful is because she had a really great attitude about it , " said Jessica Amason , viral media editor of BuzzFeed.com , a site that tracks what 's surging in popularity online .
" Think about how much more successful he would be if he embraced it . "
" It 's a much more positive meme than a lot of other ones that are more mocking , " said Nick Douglas , senior editor of Urlesque.com , which also explores Internet phenomena .
" The problem with Sad Keanu right now , of course , is that they 're complying with the take - down from the photographer who took the original photo .
But this was a parody -- if there was anything I 'd love to see a celebrity do when they get memed , is somehow set a legal precedent that this kind of parody is fine . "
Before Sad Keanu , there was Selleck Waterfall Sandwich , a meme that is exactly what its name suggests : a collection of photo mash - ups of " Magnum P.I. " , cascades of water and bread - enveloped meat .
Greg Szmurlo , creator of SelleckWaterfallSandwich.com , told ABCNews.com that he was inspired by a dream he had of Tom Selleck eating a sandwich in a beautiful , springtime meadow .
Bea Arthur Mountains : Another Celebrity / Food / Land Mass Mash - Up
" Tom Selleck 's mustache spoke to me in Portuguese and told me to ' make this dream a reality , ' " Szmurlo said .
" But on second thought , the mustache insisted on the use of a waterfall setting instead of a meadow . "
Selleck did not respond to requests for comment .
Perhaps he was too busy laughing at the photo of his " Three Men and a Baby " character trying to shield an infant from a Monte Cristo threatening to tumble down a waterfall ?
( Perhaps he was eating a Monte Cristo sandwich ? )
Point being , he let the meme ride on .
Bea Arthur scored similar attention from the blog bea arthur mountains pizza .
Like Selleck Waterfall Sandwich , it requires no further explanation .
The Photoshop ode to the " Golden Girls " actress appears to have been created after she passed away in April 2009 -- too late to affect her career , but a sweet , tongue - in - cheek tribute nonetheless .
Celebrity memes are n't going away .
Lesbians Who Look Like Justin Bieber thrives ; it 's probably only a matter of time before a blog dedicated to another 1980s / '90s icon ( Scott Baio , anyone ? ) , volcanoes and ice - cream emerges .
Those who embrace Web revolutions in their name -- Conan O'Brien , Betty White -- will prosper , those who do n't will ... well , what 's Reeves up to these days ?
The moral of the story , for celebrities :
Next time the Internet lovingly pokes fun , wink back .
" The rule of thumb on the Web is if you can't laugh at yourself , watch out , " Amason said .
" the Internet is this land of frenemies , you have to walk that line and embrace it and if you do n't , they 'll release the hounds . "
The number of spills from offshore oil rigs and pipelines in U.S. waters more than quadrupled this decade , a trend that could have served as a warning for the massive leak in the Gulf of Mexico , according to government data and safety experts .
The spills — and the amount of oil that leaked — grew markedly worse even when taking increases in production into account , a USA TODAY analysis of federal data shows .
The leaks came as the oil industry repeatedly claimed that offshore drilling was never safer .
YOU TELL US : How has the Gulf oil spill affected you ?
From the early 1970s through the '90s , offshore rigs and pipelines averaged about four spills per year of at least 50 barrels , according to the Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) .
One barrel is equal to 42 gallons .
The average annual total surged to more than 17 from 2000 through 2009 .
From 2005 through 2009 , spills averaged 22 a year .
The company with the most spills from 2000 through 2009 is BP , which leased the well spewing millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf since April 20 , according to the data .
The oil giant and its affiliated companies reported 23 spills of 50 barrels or more , not including the latest blowout .
Oil firm
Shell was next with 21 , according to MMS spill reports .
Environmental activists and safety experts said the increasing numbers of spills should have been a red flag that the industry needed to tighten safety practices and that federal regulators needed to improve oversight .
A similar trend of increasing leaks and fires occurred at a BP refinery in Texas City , Texas , before a fire and explosion killed 15 people in 2005 , said Andrew Hopkins , a professor at Australian National University who wrote a book about the accident .
Paying closer attention to the smaller incidents might have prevented the disaster , but BP 's pay system gave employees no incentive to do so , he said .
FULL COVERAGE :
The latest on the oil spill
" I suspect that the same may be going on with offshore oil spills , " Hopkins said .
Richard Charter , a marine expert with the environmental group Defenders of Wildlife , said the smaller spills should have foreshadowed bigger mistakes were on the way .
" Carelessness is usually a sign of impending disaster , " he said .
In the 1980s , an average of about 2,900 barrels of oil and other toxic chemicals spilled a year .
That figure rose to more than 4,400 in the 1990s and to more than 6,100 in the 2000s .
Offshore oil production increased during that time , but the rate of barrels spilled per barrels produced continued to increase .
The amount of spillage represents a small fraction of that piped out of the ground , according to the American Petroleum Institute , a trade group that represents the oil and gas industry .
MMS did not respond to requests for comment .
BP also did not respond to a request for comment .
Richard Ranger , a senior policy adviser with the petroleum institute , acknowledged there have been " too many incidents " in the offshore industry .
" The Deepwater Horizon incident compels a much deeper look at this information . "
Image caption Sergei Lavrov said the missiles were not subject to sanctions
Russia has said its long - standing contract to supply surface - to - air missiles to Iran will not be affected by new UN sanctions .
Russia agreed to supply Iran with S - 300 systems several years ago but has not delivered them .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov stressed the missiles were not subject to the limits set by the UN on cooperation with Iran .
He said Moscow was in talks on building further nuclear reactors in Iran .
The US and Israel are concerned the S - 300 missiles , designed to counter both aircraft and cruise missiles , might be used to protect Iran 's nuclear facilities from possible attack .
The UN Security Council voted on Wednesday to impose a fourth round of sanctions on Tehran for failing to halt its nuclear enrichment programme .
Iran insists it wants only atomic energy but a number of Western countries suspect it of trying to build nuclear weapons .
Russian ' restraint '
The measures were passed after being watered down during negotiations with Russia and China .
Russian officials pointed out on Thursday that the new UN Security Council resolution affected only " missiles or missile systems as defined for the purpose of the UN Register of Conventional Arms " .
The register 's section on missiles states that it " does not include ground - to - air missiles " .
Speaking on a visit to Uzbekistan on Thursday , Mr Lavrov said : " As far as military - technical cooperation is concerned , the resolution introduces limits to cooperation with Iran on offensive weapons and defensive weapons do not fall under these limits . "
Mr Lavrov said Moscow was in talks on building nuclear reactors in Iran in addition to the Bushehr site , due to open in August after years of delay .
" We are practically discussing this now , " he told Reuters news agency .
UN RESOLUTION ON IRAN [ 102 KB ]
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
The existence of a missile " loophole " has been attacked by critics of the Obama administration such as John Bolton , former US envoy to the UN , who told the Washington Times it amounted to " diplomatic malpractice " .
Republican Senator John McCain was quoted by Reuters as saying the UN resolution was " a lowest common denominator product " .
The White House said it welcomed the fact that Russia had , " up to this point " , shown " restraint " in not delivering the S - 300 to Iran .
" Russia has exercised responsibility , restraint and has not delivered those missiles to Iran , " state department spokesman Philip Crowley was quoted as saying by AFP .
Inspections debate
Iran 's parliament is to reconsider relations with the UN nuclear watchdog following the latest round of UN sanctions , state media says .
The announcement by the national security and foreign policy committee head , Alaeddin Boroujerdi , did not specify what action might be taken .
But correspondents say options could include restricting access by UN inspectors to Iranian nuclear sites .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said the UN 's resolutions were like a " used handkerchief which should be thrown in the dustbin .
They are not capable of hurting Iranians " .
Iran 's two main opposition leaders have reportedly called off demonstrations planned for Saturday to mark the first anniversary of last June 's disputed presidential election .
In a statement published on pro-reform website sahamnews.com , Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi said the decision had been made to protect lives and property .
' Counter - productive '
The new UN resolution includes measures to prohibit Iran from buying heavy weapons such as missiles and helicopters .
The Security Council voted by 12 votes to two in favour ; Brazil and Turkey voted against , while Lebanon abstained .
They argued that the move was counter - productive and endangered a diplomatic solution .
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said on Thursday that the imposition of the latest sanctions was a " mistake " , reports Reuters news agency .
Although the measures were not as tough as the US had wanted , President Barack Obama said they sent an unmistakable message about the determination to stop the spread of nuclear arms .
BBC Middle East editor Jeremy Bowen says the most significant parts of the resolution create a legal basis to restrict the supply of goods that Iran wants for its alleged nuclear missile programmes .
Our correspondent says the measures single out the Iranian Revolutionary Guards , who run much of the economy - including the national shipping line , which Western diplomats say is trying to evade sanctions by setting up front companies .
The resolution toughens rules on financial transactions with Iranian banks , and increases the number of Iranian individuals and companies that are targeted by asset freezes and travel bans .
MacDill Air Force Base , Florida ( CNN ) --
A heavily armed man and woman were in custody Monday after trying to enter the Air Force base that houses the headquarters for U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan without authorization , an Air Force spokeswoman said .
The pair were stopped at a gate at MacDill Air Force Base about 5 p.m. after they could not show proper identification , Senior Airman Katherine Holt said .
A search of the vehicle after they were detained found military - style uniforms and gear and several " rifle - type " weapons , Holt said .
The two were being questioned Monday evening , another Air Force spokeswoman , Elizabeth Gosselin , told CNN .
Authorities cordoned off their sport-utility vehicle and searched it using a robot , but no explosives were found , Holt said .
Video showed base personnel removing weapons , ammunition and military - style clothing from the vehicle .
The Tampa , Florida , installation houses the headquarters of U.S.Central Command , which runs the U.S. wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , as well as the U.S. Special Operations Command .
One gate into the facility was closed , but another remained open , the base command reported .
CNN 's Adam Levine and Rich Phillips contributed to this report .
SUPPOSEDLY
SMART
THING
NEVER
AGAIN
Man , that was stressful !
I decided to do one of those multi-comic updates that real internet cartoonists like Kate Beaton do .
Well , “ decided ” is an awful dignified word .
More accurately I imported a production process directly from the country ’s most ubiquitous sitcoms : I got stuck on the one comic for a while , decided “ ooh , I have another comic on that theme , I ’ll package that one in ” , got stuck on the one comic some more ( they may be written already but sometimes they look less good in the execution ) , observed “ oh shit it ’s been over a week , I ’d better throw a third one in there ” , and then once I finally drew everything , I had to color all those motherfuckers .
Somewhere along the line I lied about being friends with Steve Guttenberg and borrowed five hundred dollars from my neighbor ’s sketchy uncle , which money the dog ate twice .
I am fairly certain about that last part .
Obviously I have still not settled on a physical workplace or mental workplace that works yet , so until such time feel free to be super leisurely about swinging by .
This should fucking do it for “ nerds ” as a theme around here for forever , though like I say on the last comic I sort of like that one little guy I drew .
IMPORTANT , IMPORTANT PUBLIC SERVICE
I have discovered an incredibly entertaining thing which I must share with all of you .
It is a television show you have not heard of that is called Party Down .
I am sure you have n’t heard of it because , to hear everyone connected to the show talk about it , there are possibly more people reading this website than viewing the show .
I think I am joking there but I am honestly not sure .
Time to correct that shit !
Because Party Down is the funniest show there is .
It takes a few episodes to get into , but every single one is more hilarious than the last .
You can catch it on their website or on Netflix Instant Watch though there is probably region - specific bullshit involved : good luck , world citizens !
Damn , reading all that , it sounds like a paid advertisement , but I promise I am one hundred percent the fuck sincere plus completely obsessed with catering in LA now .
I do expect to get paid , but how that is going to work is you are going to watch the show and then you are going to thank me with money .
Overview of Trademark Law
1 . What is a trademark ?
A trademark is a word , symbol , or phrase , used to identify a particular manufacturer or seller 's products and distinguish them from the products of another .
15 U.S.C. § 1127 .
For example , the trademark " Nike , " along with the Nike " swoosh , " identify the shoes made by Nike and distinguish them from shoes made by other companies ( e.g. Reebok or Adidas ) .
Similarly , the trademark " Coca - Cola " distinguishes the brown - colored soda water of one particular manufacturer from the brown - colored soda of another ( e.g. Pepsi ) .
When such marks are used to identify services ( e.g. " Jiffy Lube " ) rather than products , they are called service marks , although they are generally treated just the same as trademarks .
Under some circumstances , trademark protection can extend beyond words , symbols , and phrases to include other aspects of a product , such as its color or its packaging .
For example , the pink color of Owens - Corning fiberglass insulation or the unique shape of a Coca - Cola bottle might serve as identifying features .
Such features fall generally under the term " trade dress , " and may be protected if consumers associate that feature with a particular manufacturer rather than the product in general .
However , such features will not be protected if they confer any sort of functional or competitive advantage .
So , for example , a manufacturer cannot lock up the use of a particular unique bottle shape if that shape confers some sort of functional advantage ( e.g. is easier to stack or easier to grip ) .
Qualitex Co. v. Jacobson Products Co. , Inc. , 115 S. Ct. 1300 ( 1995 ) .
Trademarks make it easier for consumers to quickly identify the source of a given good .
Instead of reading the fine print on a can of cola , consumers can look for the Coca - Cola trademark .
Instead of asking a store clerk who made a certain athletic shoe , consumers can look for particular identifying symbols , such as a swoosh or a unique pattern of stripes .
By making goods easier to identify , trademarks also give manufacturers an incentive to invest in the quality of their goods .
After all , if a consumer tries a can of Coca - Cola and finds the quality lacking , it will be easy for the consumer to avoid Coca - Cola in the future and instead buy another brand .
Trademark law furthers these goals by regulating the proper use of trademarks .
2 . What sources of law govern trademarks ?
Trademarks are governed by both state and federal law .
Originally , state common law provided the main source of protection for trademarks .
However , in the late 1800s , the U.S. Congress enacted the first federal trademark law .
Since then , federal trademark law has consistently expanded , taking over much of the ground initially covered by state common law .
The main federal statute is the Lanham Act , which was enacted in 1946 and most recently amended in 1996 .
15 U.S.C. §§ 1051 , et seq ..
Today , federal law provides the main , and by and large the most extensive , source of trademark protection , although state common law actions are still available .
Most of the discussion in this summary focuses on federal law .
3 . What prerequisites must a mark satisfy in order to serve as a trademark ?
In order to serve as a trademark , a mark must be distinctive -- that is , it must be capable of identifying the source of a particular good .
In determining whether a mark is distinctive , the courts group marks into four categories , based on the relationship between the mark and the underlying product : ( 1 ) arbitrary or fanciful , ( 2 ) suggestive , ( 3 ) descriptive , or ( 4 ) generic .
Because the marks in each of these categories vary with respect to their distinctiveness , the requirements for , and degree of , legal protection afforded a particular trademark will depend upon which category it falls within .
An arbitrary or fanciful mark is a mark that bears no logical relationship to the underlying product .
For example , the words " Exxon , " " Kodak , " and " Apple " bear no inherent relationship to their underlying products ( respectively , gasoline , cameras , or computers ) .
Similarly , the Nike " swoosh " bears no inherent relationship to athletic shoes .
Arbitrary or fanciful marks are inherently distinctive -- i.e. capable of identifying an underlying product -- and are given a high degree of protection .
A suggestive mark is a mark that evokes or suggests a characteristic of the underlying good .
For example , the word " Coppertone " is suggestive of sun-tan lotion , but does not specifically describe the underlying product .
Some exercise of imagination is needed to associate the word with the underlying product .
At the same time , however , the word is not totally unrelated to the underlying product .
Like arbitrary or fanciful marks , suggestive marks are inherently distinctive and are given a high degree of protection .
A descriptive mark is a mark that directly describes , rather than suggests , a characteristic or quality of the underlying product ( e.g. its color , odor , function , dimensions , or ingredients ) .
For example , " Holiday Inn , " " All Bran , " and " Vision Center " all describe some aspect of the underlying product or service ( respectively , hotel rooms , breakfast cereal , optical services ) .
They tell us something about the product .
Unlike arbitrary or suggestive marks , descriptive marks are not inherently distinctive and are protected only if they have acquired " secondary meaning . "
Descriptive marks must clear this additional hurdle because they are terms that are useful for describing the underlying product , and giving a particular manufacturer the exclusive right to use the term could confer an unfair advantage .
A descriptive mark acquires secondary meaning when the consuming public primarily associates that mark with a particular producer , rather than the underlying product .
Thus , for example , the term " Holiday Inn " has acquired secondary meaning because the consuming public associates that term with a particular provider of hotel services , and not with hotel services in general .
The public need not be able to identify the specific producer ; only that the product or service comes from a single producer .
When trying to determine whether a given term has acquired secondary meaning , courts will often look to the following factors : ( 1 ) the amount and manner of advertising ; ( 2 ) the volume of sales ; ( 3 ) the length and manner of the term 's use ; ( 4 ) results of consumer surveys .
Zatarain's , Inc. v. Oak Grove Smokehouse , Inc. , 698 F.2d 786 ( 5th Cir. 1983 ) .
Finally , a generic mark is a mark that describes the general category to which the underlying product belongs .
For example , the term " Computer " is a generic term for computer equipment .
Generic marks are entitled to no protection under trademark law .
Thus , a manufacturer selling " Computer " brand computers ( or " Apple " brand apples , etc. ) would have no exclusive right to use that term with respect to that product .
Generic terms are not protected by trademark law because they are simply too useful for identifying a particular product .
Giving a single manufacturer control over use of the term would give that manufacturer too great a competitive advantage .
Under some circumstances , terms that are not originally generic can become generic over time ( a process called " genericity " ) , and thus become unprotected .
4 . How do you acquire rights in a trademark ?
Assuming that a trademark qualifies for protection , rights to a trademark can be acquired in one of two ways : ( 1 ) by being the first to use the mark in commerce ; or ( 2 ) by being the first to register the mark with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ( " PTO " ) .
15 U.S.C. § 1127 ( a ) .
Remember , however , that descriptive marks qualify for protection ( and can be registered ) only after they have acquired secondary meaning .
Thus , for descriptive marks , there may be a period after the initial use of the mark in commerce and before it acquires secondary meaning , during which it is not entitled to trademark protection .
Once it has achieved secondary meaning , trademark protection kicks in .
The use of a mark generally means the actual sale of a product to the public with the mark attached .
Thus , if I am the first to sell " Lucky " brand bubble - gum to the public , I have acquired priority to use that mark in connection with the sale of bubble - gum ( assuming that the mark otherwise qualifies for trademark protection ) .
This priority is limited , however , to the geographic area in which I sell the bubble gum , along with any areas I would be expected to expand into or any areas where the reputation of the mark has been established .
So , for example , if I sell pizza in Boston under the name " Broadway Pizza , " I will probably be able to prevent late - comers from opening up a " Broadway Pizza " within my geographic market .
But I will not be able to prevent someone else from opening a " Broadway Pizza " in Los Angeles .
The other way to acquire priority is to register the mark with the PTO with a bona fide intention to use the mark in commerce .
Unlike use of a mark in commerce , registration of a mark with the PTO gives a party the right to use the mark nationwide , even if actual sales are limited to only a limited area .
This right is limited , however , to the extent that the mark is already being used by others within a specific geographic area .
If that is the case , then the prior user of the mark retains the right to use that mark within that geographic area ; the party registering the mark gets the right to use it everywhere else .
So , for example , if I register the mark " Broadway " in connection with the sale of pizza , the existing " Broadway Pizza " in Boston retains the right to use the name in Boston , but I get the right to use it everywhere else .
5 . What does it mean to register a trademark ?
Although registration with the PTO is not required for a trademark to be protected , registration does confer a number of benefits to the registering party .
15 U.S.C. § 1051 .
As described above , registration gives a party the right to use the mark nationwide , subject to the limitations noted above .
15 U.S.C. § 1072 .
Registration constitutes nationwide constructive notice to others that the trademark is owned by the party .
Registration enables a party to bring an infringement suit in federal court .
15 U.S.C. § 1121 .
Registration allows a party to potentially recover treble damages , attorneys fees , and other remedies .
Finally , registered trademarks can , after five years , become " incontestable , " at which point the exclusive right to use the mark is conclusively established .
15 U.S.C. § 1065 .
Applications for registration are subject to approval by the PTO .
The PTO may reject a registration on any number of grounds .
15 U.S.C. § 1052 .
For example , the PTO will refuse to register generic marks or descriptive marks that have not attained secondary meaning .
The PTO can also reject " immoral or scandalous " marks , certain geographic marks , marks that are primarily surnames , and marks that are likely to cause confusion with existing marks .
As noted above , rejection of the mark does not necessarily mean that it is not entitled to trademark protection ; it means only that the mark is not entitled to the additional benefits listed above .
15 U.S.C. § 1125 .
Some states also have their own registration systems under state trademark law .
6 . Can trademark rights be lost ?
The rights to a trademark can be lost through abandonment , improper licensing or assignment , or genericity .
A trademark is abandoned when its use is discontinued with an intent not to resume its use .
Such intent can be inferred from the circumstances .
Moreover , non-use for three consecutive years is prima facie evidence of abandonment .
The basic idea is that trademark law only protects marks that are being used , and parties are not entitled to warehouse potentially useful marks .
So , for example , a recent case held that the Los Angeles Dodgers had abandoned rights to the Brooklyn Dodgers trademarkMajor League Baseball Properties , Inc. v. Sed Non Olet Denarius , Ltd. , 817 F. Supp. 1103 ( S.D.N.Y. 1993 ) .
Trademark rights can also be lost through improper licensing or assignment .
Where the use of a trademark is licensed ( for example , to a franchisee ) without adequate quality control or supervision by the trademark owner , that trademark will be canceled .
Similarly , where the rights to a trademark are assigned to another party in gross , without the corresponding sale of any assets , the trademark will be canceled .
The rationale for these rules is that , under these situations , the trademark no longer serves its purpose of identifying the goods of a particular provider .
Dawn Donut Co. , Inc. v. Hart 's Food Stores , Inc. , 267 F.2d 358 ( 2d Cir. 1959 ) .
Trademark rights can also be lost through genericity .
Sometimes , trademarks that are originally distinctive can become generic over time , thereby losing its trademark protectionKellogg Co. v. National Biscuit Co. , 305 U.S. 111 ( 1938 ) .
A word will be considered generic when , in the minds of a substantial majority of the public , the word denotes a broad genus or type of product and not a specific source or manufacturer .
So , for example , the term " thermos " has become a generic term and is no longer entitled to trademark protection .
Although it once denoted a specific manufacturer , the term now stands for the general type of product .
Similarly , both " aspirin " and " cellophane " have been held to be generic .
Bayer Co. v. United Drug Co. , 272 F.505 ( S.D.N.Y. 1921 ) .
In deciding whether a term is generic , courts will often look to dictionary definitions , the use of the term in newspapers and magazines , and any evidence of attempts by the trademark owner to police its mark .
7 . What constitutes trademark infringement ?
If a party owns the rights to a particular trademark , that party can sue subsequent parties for trademark infringement .
15 U.S.C. §§ 1114 , 1125 .
The standard is " likelihood of confusion . "
To be more specific , the use of a trademark in connection with the sale of a good constitutes infringement if it is likely to cause consumer confusion as to the source of those goods or as to the sponsorship or approval of such goods .
In deciding whether consumers are likely to be confused , the courts will typically look to a number of factors , including : ( 1 ) the strength of the mark ; ( 2 ) the proximity of the goods ; ( 3 ) the similarity of the marks ; ( 4 ) evidence of actual confusion ; ( 5 ) the similarity of marketing channels used ; ( 6 ) the degree of caution exercised by the typical purchaser ; ( 7 ) the defendant 's intent .
Polaroid Corp. v. Polarad Elect .
Corp. , 287 F.2d 492 ( 2d Cir. ) , cert .
denied , 368 U.S. 820 ( 1961 ) .
So , for example , the use of an identical mark on the same product would clearly constitute infringement .
If I manufacture and sell computers using the mark " Apple , " my use of that mark will likely cause confusion among consumers , since they may be misled into thinking that the computers are made by Apple Computer , Inc .
Using a very similar mark on the same product may also give rise to a claim of infringement , if the marks are close enough in sound , appearance , or meaning so as to cause confusion .
So , for example , " Applet " computers may be off - limits ; perhaps also " Apricot . "
On the other end of the spectrum , using the same term on a completely unrelated product will not likely give rise to an infringement claim .
Thus , Apple Computer and Apple Records can peacefully co-exist , since consumers are not likely to think that the computers are being made by the record company , or vice versa .
Between the two ends of the spectrum lie many close cases , in which the courts will apply the factors listed above .
So , for example , where the marks are similar and the products are also similar , it will be difficult to determine whether consumer confusion is likely .
In one case , the owners of the mark " Slickcraft " used the mark in connection with the sale of boats used for general family recreation .
They brought an infringement action against a company that used the mark " Sleekcraft " in connection with the sale of high - speed performance boats .
Because the two types of boats served substantially different markets , the court concluded that the products were related but not identical .
However , after examining many of the factors listed above , the court concluded that the use of Sleekcraft was likely to cause confusion among consumers .
AMF Inc. v. Sleekcraft Boats , 599 F.2d 341 ( 9th Cir. 1979 ) .
8 . What constitutes trademark dilution ?
In addition to bringing an action for infringement , owners of trademarks can also bring an action for trademark dilution under either federal or state law .
Under federal law , a dilution claim can be brought only if the mark is " famous . "
In deciding whether a mark is famous , the courts will look to the following factors : ( 1 ) the degree of inherent or acquired distinctiveness ; ( 2 ) the duration and extent of use ; ( 3 ) the amount of advertising and publicity ; ( 4 ) the geographic extent of the market ; ( 5 ) the channels of trade ; ( 6 ) the degree of recognition in trading areas ; ( 7 ) any use of similar marks by third parties ; ( 8 ) whether the mark is registered .
15 U.S.C. § 1125 ( c ) .
Kodak , Exxon , and Xerox are all examples of famous marks .
Under state law , a mark need not be famous in order to give rise to a dilution claim .
Instead , dilution is available if : ( 1 ) the mark has " selling power " or , in other words , a distinctive quality ; and ( 2 ) the two marks are substantially similar .
Mead Data Central , Inc. v. Toyota Motor Sales , U.S.A. , Inc. , 875 F.2d 1026 ( 2d Cir. 1989 ) .
Once the prerequisites for a dilution claim are satisfied , the owner of a mark can bring an action against any use of that mark that dilutes the distinctive quality of that mark , either through " blurring " or " tarnishment " of that mark ; unlike an infringement claim , likelihood of confusion is not necessary .
Blurring occurs when the power of the mark is weakened through its identification with dissimilar goods .
For example , Kodak brand bicycles or Xerox brand cigarettes .
Although neither example is likely to cause confusion among consumers , each dilutes the distinctive quality of the mark .
Tarnishment occurs when the mark is cast in an unflattering light , typically through its association with inferior or unseemly products or services .
So , for example , in a recent case , ToysRUs successfully brought a tarnishment claim against adultsrus.com , a pornographic web - site .
Toys " R " Us v. Akkaoui , 40 U.S.P.Q.2d ( BNA ) 1836 ( N.D. Cal. Oct. 29 , 1996 ) .
9 . What other potential causes of action are there ?
Although likelihood of confusion and dilution are the two main trademark - related causes of action , there exist a number of additional state - law causes of action under state unfair competition law : passing off , contributory passing off , reverse passing off , and misappropriation .
Passing off occurs when the defendant tries to pass off its product as the plaintiff 's product .
So , for example , manufacturing computers and claiming that they are made by Apple Computer , Inc. Contributory passing off occurs when the defendant assists or induces another ( typically a retailer ) to pass of its product as the plaintiff 's product .
So , for example , inducing a computer store to represent that the computers are made by Apple , when in fact they are not .
Reverse passing off occurs when the defendant tries to pass off the plaintiff 's product as its own .
So , for example , taking a computer made by Apple , removing the label , and putting on a different label .
Finally , misappropriation is a highly unstable , but potentially fruitful source of additional trademark - related claims .
10 .
What defenses are there to trademark infringement or dilution ?
Defendants in a trademark infringement or dilution claim can assert basically two types of affirmative defense : fair use or parody .
Fair use occurs when a descriptive mark is used in good faith for its primary , rather than secondary , meaning , and no consumer confusion is likely to result .
So , for example , a cereal manufacturer may be able to describe its cereal as consisting of " all bran , " without infringing upon Kelloggs ' rights in the mark " All Bran . "
Such a use is purely descriptive , and does not invoke the secondary meaning of the mark .
Similarly , in one case , a court held that the defendant 's use of " fish fry " to describe a batter coating for fish was fair use and did not infringe upon the plaintiff 's mark " Fish - Fri . " Zatarain's , Inc. v. Oak Grove Smokehouse , Inc. , 698 F.2d 786 ( 5th Cir. 1983 ) .
Such uses are privileged because they use the terms only in their purely descriptive sense .
Some courts have recognized a somewhat different , but closely - related , fair - use defense , called nominative use .
Nominative use occurs when use of a term is necessary for purposes of identifying another producer 's product , not the user 's own product .
For example , in a recent case , the newspaper USA Today ran a telephone poll , asking its readers to vote for their favorite member of the music group New Kids on the Block .
The New Kids on the Block sued USA Today for trademark infringement .
The court held that the use of the trademark " New Kids on the Block " was a privileged nominative use because : ( 1 ) the group was not readily identifiable without using the mark ; ( 2 ) USA Today used only so much of the mark as reasonably necessary to identify it ; and ( 3 ) there was no suggestion of endorsement or sponsorship by the group .
The basic idea is that use of a trademark is sometimes necessary to identify and talk about another party 's products and services .
When the above conditions are met , such a use will be privileged .
New Kids on the Block v. News America Publishing , Inc. , 971 F.2d 302 ( 9th Cir. 1992 ) .
Finally , certain parodies of trademarks may be permissible if they are not too directly tied to commercial use .
The basic idea here is that artistic and editorial parodies of trademarks serve a valuable critical function , and that this critical function is entitled to some degree of First Amendment protection .
The courts have adopted different ways of incorporating such First Amendment interests into the analysis .
For example , some courts have applied the general " likelihood of confusion " analysis , using the First Amendment as a factor in the analysis .
Other courts have expressly balanced First Amendment considerations against the degree of likely confusion .
Still other courts have held that the First Amendment effectively trumps trademark law , under certain circumstances .
In general , however , the courts appear to be more sympathetic to the extent that parodies are less commercial , and less sympathetic to the extent that parodies involve commercial use of the mark .
So , for example , a risqué parody of an L.L. Bean magazine advertisement was found not to constitute infringement .
L.L. Bean , Inc. v. Drake Publishers , Inc. , 811 F.2d 26 , 28 ( 1st Cir. 1987 ) .
Similarly , the use of a pig - like character named " Spa'am " in a Muppet movie was found not to violate Hormel 's rights in the trademark " Spam . "
Hormel Foods Corp. v. Jim Henson Prods. , 73 F.3d 497 ( 2d Cir. 1996 ) .
On the other hand , " Gucchie Goo " diaper bags were found not to be protected under the parody defenseGucci Shops , Inc. v. R.H. Macy & Co. , 446 F. Supp. 838 ( S.D.N.Y. 1977 ) .
Similarly , posters bearing the logo " Enjoy Cocaine " were found to violate the rights of Coca - Cola in the slogan " Enjoy Coca -ColaCoca - Cola Co. v. Gemini Rising , Inc. , 346 F. Supp. 1183 ( E.D.N.Y. 1972 ) .
Thus , although the courts recognize a parody defense , the precise contours of such a defense are difficult to outline with any precision .
11 . What remedies are there for trademark infringement and / or dilution ?
Successful plaintiffs are entitled to a wide range of remedies under federal law .
Such plaintiffs are routinely awarded injunctions against further infringing or diluting use of the trademark .
15 U.S.C. § 1116 ( a ) .
In trademark infringement suits , monetary relief may also be available , including : ( 1 ) defendant 's profits , ( 2 ) damages sustained by the plaintiff , and ( 3 ) the costs of the action .
15 U.S.C. § 1117 ( a ) .
Damages may be trebled upon showing of bad faith .
In trademark dilution suits , however , damages are available only if the defendant willfully traded on the plaintiff 's goodwill in using the mark .
Otherwise , plaintiffs in a dilution action are limited to injunctive relief .
15 U.S.C. § 1125 ( c ) .
12 . List of additional on - line sources
When Sean Stiegemeier saw the photos and videos that were emerging on the web from the eruptions at Eyjafjallajökull last month , it prompted him to fly over and shoot his own footage :
So I saw all of these mediocre pictures of that volcano in Iceland nobody can pronounce the name of , so I figured I should go and do better .
But the flights to get over took forever as expected ( somewhat ) .
4 days after leaving I finally made it , but the weather was terrible for another 4 .
Just before leaving it got pretty good for about a day and a half and this is what I managed to get .
The resulting video is stunningly beautiful , especially with background music by Jónsi ( lead singer of Icelandic band Sigur Rós ) .
Oh , and by the way , it was filmed with a Canon 5D Mark II .
Thanks for the tip , @eugenephoto !
A man has been taken to hospital after setting himself alight outside the Supreme Court Building in Brisbane .
A 60 - year - old man was found with burns to more than 75 per cent of his body .
Witnesses say they heard a bang coming from the forecourt of the court building just after 2:00 pm ( AEST ) .
" You could smell the flames .
Everyone was just going crazy .
They did n't know what was happening , " one said .
Bystander Tony Collins says he tried to help the man .
" Another guy came from the other side there - we tried to drag him .
We dragged him about two foot . "
Witnesses tried to douse the flames with their jackets before security guards arrived with a fire extinguisher .
Police are still at the scene and have cordoned off the area .
Cameron came close to saying it last week in an interview with Sky News .
And George Osborne confirmed it yesterday ( cited in The Telegraph ) :
“ The plans we set out involved around 80 per cent of the work coming from spending restraint and about 20 per cent from tax increases ...
The tax increases are already in place , the plans do not include an increase in VAT . ”
This is a significant commitment from the Shadow Chancellor .
Labour hope to scare voters with the threat of a large VAT increase if the Tories win .
Cameron and Osborne have attempted to strangle this attack at birth .
The commitment means that spending cuts will have to be significant in years two , three and four of any Tory government .
At the weekend George Osborne said that year one cuts would not exceed £ 6.5 bn .
Policy Exchange has warned that mortgages could cost £ 1,400 more per year if the deficit is n't cut .
Tim Montgomerie
Society
China may become space station partner By Chen Jia and Xin Dingding ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-06-01 08:38
Country 's long - term space roadmap includes Mars probe and moon base
BEIJING - The European Space Agency ( ESA ) supports China 's inclusion in the International Space Station ( ISS ) partnership , the agency 's director - general Jean - Jacques Dordain said on Monday .
He made the remarks on Monday during the ongoing Global Lunar Conference in Beijing , which is organized by the International Astronautical Federation and the Chinese Society of Astronautics .
Dordain said international cooperation on space exploration has been progressing slowly .
To achieve more , the partnership needs to be expanded , he said .
" I am really willing to support the extension of the partnership of the ISS to China and South Korea .
Obviously , this should be a decision by all partners , not the decision by one partner , " he said .
The ISS is jointly built and run by the United States , Russia , ESA 's 11 member countries , Canada , Japan and Brazil .
China is excluded from the ISS .
But with growing power based on its independent technological development , China is being invited to more international cooperatives in space exploration in recent years .
Dordain noted that he was glad to see that on June 3 , the first Russian , Chinese and ESA group will participate in the Mars - 500 mission .
" This is the first time that we shall have quasi- astronauts from Russia , China and ESA living together for 520 days .
This is a good step , " he said .
The Mars - 500 project is a three - stage experiment including a 250 - day virtual flight to Mars , a 30 - day stay on the planet and a 240 - day journey back to earth .
Wang
Yue , a space trainer from China , will join five other volunteers from Russia , Italy and France in the project .
Three experiments proposed by China will also be conducted during the mission .
Chen Qiufa , vice - minister of industry and information technology in charge of the lunar exploration mission , said at the conference that China is willing to join international cooperatives , and share technologies and research results with other countries , while independently developing its own technologies .
In past years , China and ESA have cooperated in a number of projects .
In the SMART - 1 mission that ended in September 2006 with a spacecraft sent to the moon , the ESA has provided China with details of the spacecraft 's position and transmission frequencies .
China , in turn , agreed to carry a bio sample for the ESA on the Shenzhou - VIII spacecraft , which will be launched next year , Xinhua reported last year .
In addition to lunar exploration , China and the ESA have also cooperated in a few projects in Earth observation missions , including the Double Star Program and Dragon Program .
" I think China 's partnership with the EU is the most smooth in international cooperation and competitions , " Peng Jing , a senior engineer of China Academy of Space Technology , told China Daily on Monday .
Ye Peijian , chief designer of the nation 's first lunar probe , Chang 'e - 1 , said earlier that China 's growing power in space technology is the reason that China is involved in and invited to more international cooperation projects .
So far , China has sent six astronauts into space , and launched Chang 'e - 1 to circle the moon .
In the coming few years , China plans to test docking technologies , which is necessary for building the space station , and send probes for moon landings .
China aims to build a space station on its own by 2020 .
Though the government has not yet announced plans to send astronauts to the moon , scientific research on it has started , Yu Dengyun , deputy chief designer of China 's lunar exploration project , said at the conference .
On behalf of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corp , the core enterprise of China 's space technology development , he also revealed a suggested roadmap for China 's deep space exploration , which includes developing China 's own Mars probe , and building a base on the moon .
Yan Jie contributed to this story .
Mike Tyson ’s abandoned Ohio mansion is not only one of the finest examples or early - American pimp but it ’s hard to find someone with that taste with enough money to buy a multi-million dollar mansion .
The mansion was purchased by Paul Monea ( of the Taebo informericals ) and was seized shortly after by feds who are investigating Monea for a money laundering scheme .
By then the property was already deserted and he paid only $ 1.3 million dollars .
As of right now the Monea family owes in excess of $ 231,000 from 2007 to be collected in 2008 .
$ 41,138.75 is the total due for 2007 .
The taxes apparently have not been paid in about 5 - 6 years .
The house was listed on eBay by either Monea or Mr. Tyson back in 2005 for $ 3 million .
The house is currently appraised at $ 2.3 million .
The Moneas are unlikely to ever pay their back taxes so it is waiting for the IRS to claim the property and auction it off at some time in the future .
The 60 acre property is located in a remote area of Ohio in Southington .
It features a 10,000 square foot house with five bedrooms , an indoor pool and overdone bathrooms .
It ’s well appointed with white tiger stripe carpet , gold plating and boasts a large facility for lions that Tyson used to keep as pets .
He once bragged he ’d spar with them to keep in shape .
Here is the address in case you are curious : 3737 State Route 534 , Southington , Ohio
Stephen Prothero likes telling people , like the Dalai Lama , when they are wrong about religion .
The Dalai Lama is just wrong that different religions could be talking about the same supreme reality .
The Dalai Lama is just wrong that religions have similar perspectives on one ultimate mystery .
Religious pluralism , the idea that all religions have some valid perspective on the ultimate reality , is a fraud .
Forget world peace , since different religions will always sharply disagree about something .
Able to clearly see what makes different religions so different , Prothero just thinks that it must be false that religions could be trying to refer to the same reality .
Prothero ’s sharp logic ca n’t be argued with — if person A attributes some property X to God , and person B ca n’t find X in God but only Y , then these two people must not be talking about the same God , and their religions cannot overlap .
Prothero thinks that its VERY important that religions perpetually disagree about what God is like .
It would be a pity if such beautiful diversity were to fade , he thinks [ see an interview with Prothero ] .
Wrong , Dr. Prothero — religious intolerance and bigotry is not beautiful .
What about atheism ?
Prothero says ,
“ Atheists account for roughly two percent of the U.S. population . ”
Way wrong again .
According to the ARIS 2008 survey , “ roughly 12 % of Americans are atheist ( no God ) or agnostic ( unknowable or unsure ) . ”
Prothero adds ,
“ We live on a religious planet , and arguments from atheists — are at least at this point — are proving impotent to change that . ”
Still wrong .
Skeptical criticism towards religion over the last century is precisely why many people in many countries are no longer confident that their religion has the exclusive truth about God .
And this skepticism is growing among younger generations , even in America .
Anyone see a trend ?
Why ca n’t Prothero take atheism seriously ?
His disdain probably is linked to his demand that every religion stay so rigidly different , without overlap or merging .
Reminds one of the way that species just had to be so different , before Darwin revised the concept of “ species ” .
Even atheists can realize why religions really are n’t so rigidly distinct .
Since no God really exists , but we are all confronted with deep mysteries about ultimate reality , different religious people project different images and symbols of God upon what little of reality they can experience .
A wide , continuous spectrum of faiths is the result , not a collection of a few religions neatly segregated like the crayon colors in a box .
As for atheism , it prefers to say nothing definite about God , because it is skeptical about God ’s existence .
Atheism is skeptical precisely because no human is endowed with transcendent powers to know with certainty what ultimate reality exactly is .
No scientist , no saint , no seer , no prophet — no one .
That ’s too bad for atheism , according to Prothero , since each of the religions seem to have knowledge of God .
God forbid that a religious person might admit that their religion only catches a perspective or aspect of the ultimate reality , reduced to human wavelengths of comprehension .
According to Prothero , real religious people ( unlike speculative theologians like the Dalai Lama or Joseph Campbell ) just KNOW their God just fine , and you just ca n’t tell people differently .
So atheism is told to go sit in a corner with its impotent skepticism .
But atheism has been far more powerful than Prothero could realize .
Skepticism and perspectivism and pluralism are all close cousins , born of the same realization that knowledge is fallible and relative to the human condition .
Atheism is a manifestation of the rational force which has been helping to create religious perspectivalism and syncretism , and sometimes even skepticism .
Atheism represents the hope that religions could moderate their absolute certainties into fallible attitudes , and then into tolerant lifestances .
But Prothero would tell atheists that we are just wrong .
Yes , religions disagree on many things , and they agree on many other things .
Can Prothero explain why ?
Does he have any historical sense of how religious ideas and symbols have been traveling and mutating across the globe for centuries , and they are now going at the speed of light around the globe ?
Does he realize that the power of communication and comparison and debate of religious ideas will only accelerate the process of religious overlap and synthesis ?
Atheism should respect any religious leader who stands up for humble fallibility and religious pluralism .
The terrible enemy is religious certainty and fanaticism and hatred .
There is such a thing as religious evolution , and it can be intelligently directed if we try .
[ Edit 7/21/10 : corrected spelling of “ Stephen ” — Eds . ]
John Earle / Alnylam DRUG DESIGN
Alnylam scientists are engineering better lipid nanoparticles .
Text Size A A
Just a few years ago , it was easy to capture the attention of a pharmaceutical industry enthralled by the therapeutic potential of RNA interference ( RNAi ) .
All an academic lab or small biotech firm needed to do was to figure out how to deliver small interfering RNA ( siRNA ) , the key double - stranded molecule in this gene - silencing pathway , to cells .
Even with just a little data showing the delivery technology worked in a test tube or tissue culture , funding was almost guaranteed .
The definition of success has changed since then .
Pharmaceutical and biotech companies have invested hundreds of millions of dollars to develop or acquire RNA interference - based therapeutics , and they are demanding true validation of delivery technology .
They want to see evidence that a new technique works in mice or , better yet , monkeys , and that it can be reproduced .
After all , the promise of RNAi - based therapeutics hinges on it .
“ Five years ago , if you had knockdown of a gene by delivering your agent to a rodent , you could write a nice paper and everyone would be happy , ” says Barry Polisky , chief scientific officer of Bothell , Wash . - based MDRNA , one of several biotech firms betting on RNAi - based drugs .
“ Now , that ’s no longer where the bar is set .
And that ’s a good thing . ”
Scientists are working hard to transition their research from the benchtop to mice , primates , and humans .
But getting siRNA to work as a therapeutic is trickier than many in the field had anticipated ; simplistic notions of drug delivery have given way to focused efforts to solve the delivery problem .
RNAi - based therapeutics tap into a natural pathway cells use to control gene expression and defend against attack .
Under normal conditions , single - stranded messenger RNA carries protein - building instructions from DNA in the cell ’s nucleus out to the ribosomes for translation .
Viruses try to sneak their own long , double - stranded RNA instructions into this process .
In defense , cells use an enzyme called Dicer to chop any double - stranded RNA into pieces 20 to 25 nucleotides in length .
Those small bits then bind a protein complex known as RISC , which keeps the viral RNA from doing damage .
The double - stranded siRNA molecule uses the same pathway to control gene activity .
To turn off production of a protein , siRNA , also generally 20 to 25 nucleotides long , binds the messenger RNA of the protein to be turned off and guides it to RISC to prevent translation of its message .
In the early days , scientists naively thought they could just send naked siRNA strands into patients and knock down a target gene .
Except for topical or direct delivery to places like the lung , eye , and the central nervous system , that facile approach has n’t panned out .
Researchers have had to come up with more involved delivery approaches instead .
“ Just as all roads lead to Rome , all roads lead to cellular delivery , ” says Steven F. Dowdy , Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator and professor of cellular and molecular medicine at the University of California , San Diego , Medical Center .
“ Today , everybody in the field recognizes that delivery is the problem to solve , and all other problems , of which there will be numerous ones , pale in comparison . ”
Scientists trying to deliver siRNA need to engineer around several troublesome properties .
RNA has a molecular weight that is 10 to 20 times that of a traditional small - molecule drug .
And because the molecule is highly negatively charged , it typically can’t cross the similarly negatively charged plasma membranes to enter the cell .
It ’s no wonder naked strands of siRNA did n’t make it as a therapeutic approach .
Delivery systems for siRNA must overcome three major obstacles : getting the drug to its target in the body , coaxing it inside the cell , and releasing it .
Even after all that is accomplished , companies then need to worry about safety , a major concern given the power of siRNA to turn off cellular processes .
Lipid- and polymer - based systems are the most established approaches for systemic delivery of RNAi .
In the clinic , lipid nanoparticles ( LNPs ) have advanced the most .
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals , widely acknowledged as the leader in the RNAi arena , has a liver cancer drug in Phase I trials that applies Tekmira Pharmaceuticals ’ stable nucleic acid lipid particle technology .
Alnylam is also conducting early - stage studies of other drugs that use its own LNP formulations .
Some people consider lipid - based particles as old , creaky delivery vehicles .
Indeed , liposomes , or tiny spheres formed by lipids , have been used for decades to encapsulate and solubilize hydrophobic small molecules or other drugs .
But while all liposomes have common features , namely materials that mask the charge and size of the molecule they deliver , not all systems are created equal , points out Akin Akinc , associate director of research at Alnylam .
“ We ’re asking them to do something very different , ” he says .
A particle containing siRNA first needs to be internalized by the cell ; once it gets into a vesicle called the endosome , it needs to avoid being shuttled to the lysosome , where it would otherwise be broken down ; finally , it has to deliver material to the cytoplasm of the cell .
“ What we ’re trying to do is a big challenge ; we ’re trying to do what the cell has evolved to prevent from happening , ” Akinc says .
Alnylam ’s LNPs contain multiple components : cationic or fusogenic lipids , which interact with bilayer membranes ; polyethylene glycol , which creates a steric shell around the particle to lengthen its time in circulation ; and lipids naturally found in biological membranes , like cholesterol or phosphatidylcholine , which provide structure to the particle .
“ Just as all roads lead to Rome , all roads lead to cellular delivery . ”
When constructing particles , “ everything is important , ” says Mark J. Murray , chief executive officer of Tekmira .
Among the considerations are lipid composition , the relative amounts of the various lipid components , particle size , getting a particle to circulate faster or slower through the bloodstream , and reaching other tissues .
“ It ’s multifactorial , ” Murray notes .
“ Very small changes in the identity of those components , the chemistry , can have a dramatic impact on activity , ” Akinc adds .
For both LNPs and polymer - based systems , the cationic component is critical :
It enables encapsulation of siRNA and provides the particle with a net positive charge that allows it to interact with cell - surface molecules .
Researchers spend a lot of time designing the cationic lipids or polymers because too much of a positive charge will cause the particles to accumulate in the blood , creating toxicity ; not enough charge , and they ca n’t be internalized by the cell .
One bright spot is that once researchers figure out how to get an LNP or polymer system into a particular tissue , the possibility opens for treating a host of diseases ; in general , companies need only to change the siRNA payload .
So far , most of the success with both LNPs and polymer - based systems has been in delivering siRNA to the liver , which has leaky walls that enable the particles to slip in , explains Jon Wolff , vice president and head of research at Roche ’s Madison , Wis. , labs .
Tumor vasculature and blood vessels are similarly “ leaky , ” and both are the subject of intensive drug development efforts , he adds .
Currently , the drug industry is focused on designing newer and better lipids that could enhance delivery to different kinds of tissues .
As a result , scientists have become better at getting the particle inside the cell , but getting the siRNA out of the pathway to the destructive lysosome remains a major hurdle .
“ If the particle is unable to escape the endosome , it enters into a degradation pathway .
Basically , it ’s game over , ” Akinc says .
Most delivery systems in advanced stages of development release siRNA in response to the lower pH of the endosome .
Researchers have synthesized lipids adorned with amine groups that are easily protonated in that acidic environment and fuse with negatively charged lipids in the endosomal membrane .
The fusion disrupts the particle and allows siRNA to escape .
Protonation happens quickly but not always efficiently , and researchers must still come up with better ways to release the particle ’s payload .
At Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Daniel T. Anderson and Robert S. Langer Jr. are working with Alnylam to develop new methods and materials for delivering siRNA .
During earlier research to study ways to deliver DNA , they found that polymers that are good at delivery are difficult to design rationally , Anderson says .
In lieu of trying to divine which polymer to engineer , they instead developed a way to quickly synthesize a variety of polymers for testing .
By 2003 , they had created a library of polymers that could be rapidly screened as delivery agents for genetic material .
In its collaboration with Alnylam , the Langer lab has started to develop an understanding of how the structure of a lipid determines its effectiveness in a delivery vehicle .
A lipid ’s hydrophobic regions , the way it responds to pH changes , and its potential to hold a charge all influence its value in constructing LNPs .
“ The libraries are enormous and ever - increasing , ” Langer says .
“ It ’s basically a question of time and screening to find the right target . ”
Indeed , the collaboration has already led to an LNP formulation that has been effectively delivered to primates and is now in preclinical development .
View Enlarged Timeline Rapid Translation Milestones in moving RNA interference out of the lab and into patients
Meanwhile , Tekmira , Alnylam ’s biotech company partner , has its own internal effort to develop new cationic lipids , Murray notes .
“ The cationic lipid component is an important one and is an area where we have spent a lot of time and energy over the last years , ” he says .
To that end , the biotech firm and Alnylam have also partnered with scientists at the University of British Columbia to develop more effective cationic lipids .
Among other companies advancing LNP technology , MDRNA is focusing on amino acid chemistry .
The firm is taking advantage of the three “ chemistry handles ” available for modification on amino acids to create a different kind of particle , explains MDRNA ’s Polisky , who was the chief scientific officer of Sirna Therapeutics before it was acquired by Merck & Co .
Every amino acid contains a carboxylate group and an amino group , both of which can be easily modified with alkyl chains through amide linkages .
It ’s a useful alteration , Polisky says , because the linkage degrades easily in the body .
The third “ handle ” is the head group — the organic group that characterizes each of the 20 natural amino acids .
This group can be positively or negatively charged , allowing for some pH - induced control of the activity of the particle .
“ It ’s very useful in the construction of a liposome by providing electrostatic energy , ” he adds .
Now with patents under its belt , MDRNA is working through the strengths and limitations of its delivery concept , Polisky notes .
As with Alnylam and Tekmira , MDRNA ’s early data are based on liver diseases , but the firm is hoping to engineer its particles to access other tissues as well .
Roche is also jumping onto the LNP bandwagon .
In May , the Swiss giant announced that it would use Tekmira ’s technology to formulate its first two siRNA drug candidates .
The goal is to file for regulatory approval to test the first candidate in humans by the end of 2010 .
But Roche also has a substantial internal effort around alternative delivery systems , thanks to last year ’s acquisition of Mirus Bio .
Roche paid $ 125 million for the Madison - based biotech firm , which has one of the few delivery technologies outside of Tekmira ’s or Sirna ’s that has been validated in primates .
Mirus ’ dynamic polyconjugate ( DPC ) technology uses polymers to deliver siRNA into cells .
In the past , toxicity has been a stumbling block for polymer - based systems :
Once the highly cationic molecules entered the bloodstream , they headed straight to the most negatively charged organ — the lung — explains Roche ’s Wolff .
Mirus , now known as Roche Madison , masks the positive charge by attaching polyethylene glycol and other ligands to its polymers through linkages that are quickly cleaved once they are inside the acidic environment of the endosome .
That masking “ is vital , ” says Jim Hagstrom , vice president of operations at Roche Madison .
“ We do n’t want these polymers working on the untargeted cells in the bloodstream or lung capillaries .
We only want them to work in a defined environment . ”
The masked polymers are also linked to a targeting molecule , such as a sugar molecule that directs the particle to liver cells .
Lipid formulations passively target the liver , winding up in the organ effectively without the addition of a ligand , Wolff concedes .
But targeting molecules will be needed to get siRNA to diseases in many other parts of the body .
To reach tumors , for example , lipid formulations will need to be significantly modified , Wolff says .
“ We think the basic DPC particle would be the same for most cell types , and we would just change ” the targeting molecule .
Still , most of Mirus ’ data are from studies with liver cells , because they continue to be the easiest target .
The company has published results with mice and this month will unveil data showing its technology ’s ability to silence a gene responsible for making apolipoprotein B , the main kind of “ bad ” cholesterol , in monkeys , Wolff says .
With one shot of its drug candidate , bad cholesterol disappears from the blood for a month , he adds .
Despite promising early clinical results for LNPs and polymer - based systems , they have some well - known limitations .
Drugs based on lipid delivery systems have to be injected , points out Michael Czech , a molecular medicine professor at the University of Massachusetts Medical School .
Even more worrisome is their inability to be directed to tissues of interest .
“ Most of these things by default go to the liver , and that ’s very easy to do , ” Czech says .
“ But trying to get them focused to other tissues has proven exceedingly difficult . ”
As a result , companies developing RNAi - based therapeutics are constantly scanning the landscape for fresh ways to turn siRNAs into drugs .
Despite its heavy investment in LNPs , Alnylam is agnostic when it comes to delivery , and at any given time , it has partnerships with dozens of academic labs and biotech firms working on new technologies .
Merck has its own lipid - based system from its purchase of Sirna , but it is also developing other delivery systems .
Hundreds of academics and small biotechs are working on the problem , and Merck has evaluated more than 350 opportunities in the delivery space , says Alan Sachs , vice president of RNA therapeutics for Merck Research Laboratories .
Most are iterations of LNPs or the polymer - based approach .
The company also has found that few companies have concrete data to back up their approach .
“ Within those 350 opportunities , there have been maybe three that have actually made it to the point where we can replicate their claims , ” Sachs says .
“ We ’re at a point where there are a lot of really smart ideas , but many have no data . ”
Only about a third of the group has experimental data in animals , and just a handful has tried their approach in primates , he adds .
Merck is explicit about what it expects from potential partners ; Sirna has posted guidelines for safety and potency data on its website .
Though the pharma giant is more than happy to provide potential partners with chemically modified RNA to get them started , the full page of requirements sends a clear message :
The bar for success is high .
Meanwhile , academic labs and small biotechs are pursuing multiple delivery programs that go beyond liposomes and polymers .
UMass ’s Czech , for example , is a cofounder , along with Craig C. Mello , who won the Nobel Prize for the discovery of RNAi , of RXi Pharma , which is engineering a nanoparticle that is not an LNP .
RXi has licensed delivery technology from Czech and fellow UMass scientist Gary Ostroff that targets the macrophage , a white blood cell in the gut that swallows and digests pathogens , then tells the immune system whether to react .
The idea is to feed siRNA into that process by encapsulating it in a shell — essentially a hollowed - out yeast particle — covered with β - 1,3 - d - glucan , a sugar that binds to the macrophage .
Once the macrophage takes up the particle , its acidic environment appears to break down the shell , releasing a nanoparticle encapsulating the siRNA payload .
Czech sees several advantages to delivery by glucan shells .
Macrophages have broad potential as therapeutic targets , he notes , because they play a role in several diseases , including arthritis and some autoimmune diseases .
They also play an indirect role in other ailments , such as cardiovascular disease , type 2 diabetes , and metabolic diseases .
Finally , they are involved in harboring bacteria and viruses , which also could be modulated by RXi ’s delivery technique .
Furthermore , companies using LNPs must reconfigure the particle to reach new tissues or target new diseases , whereas the glucan particle has a single target , the macrophage .
“ We do not have to reengineer the glucan particle for every different indication because it will always get to the macrophage , ” Czech says .
In addition , RXi believes the glucan shells can be formulated for oral delivery , a more patient - friendly route than injection , particularly for chronic diseases such as diabetes or arthritis .
Czech acknowledges that RXi ’s delivery technique is n’t universal because right now it can access only one cell type .
But so far data from in vivo studies suggest that the method is promising and could open much broader therapeutic applications than LNPs do , he contends .
The company and its academic collaborators are now trying to tweak the nanoparticles contained within the shell to promote the release of siRNA .
“ We ’re sort of in the trenches right now working on the chemistry , ” Czech says .
Others are trying to avoid the need for any kind of outer shell or nanoparticle in favor of delivering a single , soluble siRNA molecule .
The idea is to access more tissues while bringing more certainty and safety to drug delivery ; although nanoparticles are stuffed with siRNA , companies cannot control how many strands each particle actually delivers .
“ The particle can carry 100 siRNAs , and whether the cell takes up two or takes up three makes a huge difference , ” UCSD ’s Dowdy says .
“ One would like to say the path is clear , but in reality this is still a large challenge . ”
Dowdy ’s work , which has become the basis for the La Jolla , Calif . - based biotech Traversa Therapeutics , seeks to deliver one siRNA at a time , while also opening up the number of cell types that can be accessed with siRNA .
His technology takes advantage of a natural process called macropinocytosis , a mechanism that all cells appear to use to swallow large amounts of fluid or other material .
The idea is to bind siRNA to the peptide transduction domain ( PTD ) , a protein fragment that controls macropinocytosis .
The domain , however , contains only eight positive charges , not enough to trump the 40 negative charges on siRNA , so the two ca n’t be directly linked without causing molecules to aggregate , Dowdy explains .
Traversa ’s solution is a fusion protein that links the PTD to another positively charged protein fragment that is noncovalently bound to the siRNA .
By coating siRNA with the fusion protein , it ’s charge is masked , enabling it to reach its target .
Once inside the cell , the drop in pH causes the release of siRNA from its delivery vehicle .
Dowdy concedes that a lot of work still needs to be done on the system , which so far has been proven only in test tubes .
However , he notes that PTD delivery is already being validated for use in delivering proteins in a handful of clinical trials .
If the method works , it could break open the therapeutic possibilities of siRNA because , as Dowdy says , “ The beauty of these PTDs is that they appear to go into all cell types . ”
Watertown , Mass .- based Dicerna Pharmaceuticals is also working on ways to deliver single molecules of siRNA .
The company was founded in late 2007 on the basis of work done by John Rossi , a molecular biologist at City of Hope ’s Beckman Research Institute , in Duarte , Calif . , and Mark Behlke , vice president of molecular genetics at Integrated DNA Technologies , in Coralville , Iowa .
The pair discovered that not only is it possible to make functional siRNA molecules longer than 21 or so nucleotides in length , the size most RNAi work has centered on , but that these longer RNAs surprisingly also knock down a target .
It turns out that the longer strands , which Dicerna is calling DsiRNA , enter the RNAi pathway farther upstream than the 21 - mers .
Whether via LNPs or polymers , current approaches feed siRNA directly into the cell ’s RISC complex .
Dicerna ’s DsiRNA , however , acts as a substrate for the enzyme Dicer , which clips it down into 21 - mers before handing it off to RISC .
“ Because DsiRNAs engage more fully with the gene - silencing pathway , they have taken on some properties that are quite extraordinary , ” says James C. Jenson , cofounder and CEO of Dicerna .
“ They are much more potent than 21 - mers and have a longer duration of action in the cell . ”
It also means complex chemistry is not needed to prompt the delivery vehicle to release the drug .
“ Dicer really does that work for us , ” Jenson says .
The architecture of the molecule also enables targeted treatment .
“ Perhaps the most important advantage to these longer DsiRNA molecules is that we have a handle on the end that Dicer clips off , ” Jenson notes .
Thus , Dicerna can attach a molecule such as an antibody or a peptide that zeroes in on the cell of interest .
The RNA enters the cell , and the enzyme then chops off and discards the targeting molecule .
Dicerna recently teamed with fellow Boston - area biotech Archemix to link its lengthier RNA chain to aptamers , targeting molecules that tightly bind to specific cell - surface receptors .
City of Hope ’s Rossi recently published in vitro and in vivo work demonstrating the efficacy of the RNA - aptamer conjugate technology , and this summer he presented as - yet - unpublished in vivo data showing its efficacy at the RNA Interference Summit in San Francisco .
A flood of other delivery ideas is coming out of academic labs and small companies .
Some represent small improvements over existing technology , whereas others are fairly outside the box .
Big drug companies can’t ignore incremental improvements in LNPs or delivery polymers , Merck ’s Sachs says , but Merck is most interested in ideas that transform the RNAi field .
“ It ’s like the CD versus the tape , ” Sachs says .
A groundbreaking idea that works would “ fundamentally change the playing field . ”
Drugs that apply the lipid and polymer - based technologies are poised to enter late - stage trials and possibly even reach the market in the next few years .
“ The first success will likely be in the liver , and probably oncology after that , ” Roche ’s Wolff says .
More importantly , those late - stage studies will provide early evidence of the utility of siRNA as a therapy , which in turn will inform drug delivery and clinical - trial design for future generations of therapeutics .
“ The positive outcome of these liposomal compositions is we ’ll get an understanding of what the body ’s response is to RNA , ” UCSD ’s Dowdy says .
Beyond that , most scientists agree , more cutting - edge research and thinking will be needed to overcome the myriad obstacles to broader therapeutic use for siRNA .
“ One would like to say the path is clear , ” MDRNA ’s Polisky says , “ but in reality this is still a large challenge . ”
We are not just lawyers – we are everyday people from humble backgrounds .
We are good listeners , and we will listen to your story and let you know what to expect in an honest , straightforward manner .
You can expect to get answers to your questions in understandable terms .
Our goal is to help you make wise decisions about how to proceed with your case .
LONDON — A jury here acquitted two men charged with insider trading , dealing a blow to the U.K. Financial Services Authority as it strives to showcase a new tough - on - crime persona .
The FSA had charged Peter Andrew King and Michael McFall with insider trading in advance of a June 2006 pharmaceuticals deal , but the London jury on Thursday delivered a not - guilty verdict in less than two hours .
The acquittals overshadowed the FSA 's announcement earlier in the day that it had slapped a J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. unit with a £ 33.32 million ( $ 48.7 million ) penalty , the regulator 's largest - ever fine , for failing to separate client money from the firm 's accounts .
The FSA said it expected to bring similar cases against other banks in coming weeks .
After years of rarely filing criminal charges , the agency once derided for being a toothless regulator of The City of London has revved up its law - enforcement efforts with a recent flurry of arrests , police raids , criminal charges and other headline - grabbing actions .
But the FSA has successfully prosecuted only a handful of criminal cases , mostly against small - time offenders , and it is under pressure to show that it can win a major case .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has secured a deal with all states except Western Australia to become the dominant funder of Australian hospitals .
Mr Rudd has claimed the deal , which came after almost two days of talks at the Council of Australian Governments ( COAG ) meeting , as a historic agreement for the nation and says there is now no need for a referendum .
But its status as a national agreement under COAG is unclear without WA Premier Colin Barnett 's signature alongside those of the other leaders .
Mr Rudd will now hold further talks with Mr Barnett in the coming weeks before funds are due to flow on July 1 .
All other states and territories came on board today after Mr Rudd put a total of $ 5 billion of sweeteners on the table and guaranteed $ 15 billion in growth funding .
It now means the Federal Government will fund 60 per cent of hospital costs by taking back a third of state GST revenue .
The states will be able to control the distribution of the funds from state pools into which state and Commonwealth funds will be put .
Victoria and NSW were resisting the GST clawback but both came on board today after the Commonwealth agreed to a range of concessions including more money and safeguards surrounding the use of GST funds .
Speaking alongside the state and territory leaders after the end of the COAG meeting , Mr Rudd described the agreement as a good day for Australia .
" Today we 've reached an historic agreement .
This is a good day for working families , " he said .
" It 's a good day for mums and dads and patients . "
But Mr Barnett says it is unacceptable for WA to give up its GST .
" I am not about to compromise the integrity or the importance of the GST to my state , " he said .
" I 'm sure if the Prime Minister agrees with what I propose we 'll reach agreement - simple as that . "
The $ 5 billion to be spent on sub-acute care , emergency departments , new doctors and elective surgery is due to start flowing from July 1 .
Mr Rudd would not say what would happen to the agreement if he could not convince Mr Barnett to come on board by that time .
" I am dead determined that the good folk of Western Australia benefit from these investments , " he said .
Mr Barnett said it was his understanding that there would be no deal without all the states agreeing .
" There is not an agreement as such , " he told Sky News .
" I am prepared to agree so long as we retain the integrity of the GST arrangement . "
The other states and territories , however , were quick to praise the deal and detail the benefits they had gained for each state .
New South Wales Premier Kristina Keneally says her state will now receive more than $ 6 billion over the next decade .
" That is an injection of funds that simply would not have been possible for us had we not been able to reach this agreement , " she said .
" This will make a real difference for the people of Australia . "
Victorian Premier John Brumby had earlier vowed not to relinquish control of his GST , but now says the agreement is a great step forward .
" It is an agreement which puts patients first , " he said .
" What 's being created today is a genuine partnership between the Commonwealth and the states . "
Queensland Premier Anna Bligh says the deal is a " no brainer " .
The Federal Opposition 's health spokesman Peter Dutton has criticised the deal , saying it further complicates the health system .
" Kevin Rudd could n't help himself in the end but create a great big new bureaucracy , " he said .
" This is $ 5 billion over four years going into a system that he acknowledges is broken .
" The Coalition wants reform in health just like the Australian people , but we do n't want Kevin Rudd 's great big new bureaucracy . "
Other than human casting choices and the introduction of an Autobot Ferrari as the first non-GM Transformer vehicle , information on Michael Bay ’s Transformers 3 has been hard to come by .
We ’ve heard nothing about who the new villain will be or even a vague idea of what the plot will revolve around .
Earlier today , USA Today ran an article where Michael Bay and producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura both acknowledged Revenge of the Fallen was an imperfect film , with the director then promising the third ( and final ? ) film will make up for the Fallen ’s shortcomings .
“ I ’ll take some of the criticism , ” said Bay about Revenge of the Fallen .
“ It was very hard to put ( the sequel ) together that quickly after the writers ’ strike ( of 2007 - 08 ) . ” Lorenzo added , “ We tried to do too many things in the second movie , which did n’t give enough time in any one of them .
We were constantly jumping to the next piece of information , the next place . ”
One of the biggest criticisms from everyone who saw Revenge of the Fallen where the antics of the Autobot Twins Skids and Mudflap , characters Bay says wo n’t be a factor in the third film .
“ One thing we ’re getting rid of is what I call the dorky comedy , ” Bay explains .
“ They ’re basically gone , ” he continues in reference to the Twins , though does confirm former Sector 7 agent John Turturro is back to offer comic relief .
I think you can infer from “ basically gone ” that the Twins will leave Earth or be killed in the film ’s opening action sequence .
The article states the plot of Transformers 3 will be tied into the space race between the U.S.S.R. and the USA , following the previous film ’s themes of looking to the past for Transformer meddling in human history .
“ The movie is more of a mystery , ” Bay says .
“ It ties in what we know as history growing up as kids with what really happened . ”
With the Fallen down and out , old school Decepticon Shockwave will enter the scene as the new villain .
Although Optimus Prime , Megatron and Sam all died and were resurrected in the previous films , death in Transformers 3 will be a permanent condition .
“ As a trilogy , it really ends , ” Bay concludes .
“ It could be rebooted again , but I think it has a really killer ending . ”
File photo of a grey whale calf emerging from the water at the San Ignacio Lagoon , Baja California Sur state , Mexico .
As the future of whales once more comes under global debate , some scientists say the marine mammals are not only smarter than thought but also share several attributes once claimed as exclusively human .
As the future of whales once more comes under global debate , some scientists say the marine mammals are not only smarter than thought but also share several attributes once claimed as exclusively human .
Self - awareness , suffering and a social culture along with high mental abilities are a hallmark of cetaceans , an order grouping more than 80 whales , dolphins and porpoises , say marine biologists .
If so , the notion that whales are intelligent and sentient beings threatens to demolish , like an explosive harpoon , the assumption that they are simply an animal commodity to be harvested from the sea .
That belief lies at the heart of talks unfolding at the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) , meeting from Monday to Friday in Agadir , Morocco .
A fiercely - contested proposal would authorise whale hunts by Japan , Norway and Iceland for 10 more years , ending a 24 - year spell in which these nations -- tarred as outlaws by a well - organised green campaign -- have snubbed or sidelined the IWC 's moratorium on whaling .
" We now know from field studies that a lot of the large whales exhibit some of the most complex behaviour in the animal kingdom , " said Lori Marino , a neurobiologist at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia .
A decade ago , Marino conducted an experiment with bottlenose dolphins in which she placed a small mark on their body and had the mammals look at themselves in a mirror .
By the way the dolphins reacted to the image and then looked at the spot , it was clear that they had a sense of self - identity , Marino determined .
For Georges Chapouthier , a neurobiologist and director of the Emotion Centre at Pierre and Marie Curie University in Paris , self - awareness means that dolphin and whales , along with some higher primates , can experience not just pain but also suffering .
Unlike nociception -- a basic nerve response to harmful stimuli found in all animals -- or lower - order pain , " suffering supposes a certain level of cognitive functioning , " he said in an interview .
" It is difficult to define what that level is , but there 's a lot of data now to suggest some higher mammals have it , including great apes , dolphins and , most likely , whales . "
As for intelligence , cetaceans are second only to humans in brain size , once body weight is taken into account .
More telling than volume , though , are cerebral areas which specialise in cognition and emotional processing -- and the likelihood that this evolution was partly driven by social interaction , according to several peer - reviewed studies .
Some scientists suggest this interaction can best described as culture , a notion usually reserved for homo sapiens .
" Evidence is growing that for at least some cetacean species , culture is both sophisticated and important , " said Hal Whitehead , a professor at Dalhousie University in Halifax , in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
If culture is learned behaviour passed on across generations that is different from one community to the next , then humpback whales , to cite one example , are rather cultured indeed .
" At any time during the winter breeding season , all the males in any ocean sing more or less the same elaborate song , but this communal song evolves over months and years , " Whitehead and colleagues noted in a study in the journal Biological Conservation .
Scientists have also observed orcas , or killer whales , learning from other orcas from a geographically separate group how to steal fish from so - called longlines used by commercial fishing boats .
Two orca communities that rarely intermingle despite sharing the same waters off the coast of Vancouver Island , meanwhile , have learned to divide their natural bounty : and one group eats fish and the other mammals , especially seals , Whitehead reported .
Such findings are disturbing factors in the calculus of conservation .
" If we wipe out a sub - group , it is more than killing a certain number of individuals .
It could actually wipe out an entire culture , " Marino said .
At a meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) in February , scientists concluded that new data on cognition and culture among whales should be the guideline for international wildlife policy .
To date that has n't happened in any international forum , including the IWC , said Margi Prideaux , head of cetacean conservation at the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society .
" Aside from a narrow focus on killing methods -- what type of harpoon grenade , for example , is most humane -- ethics or the status of whales as sentient beings do not figure in talks at the IWC , " she said .
Explore further Humpback whales have brain cells also found in humans
( c ) 2010 AFP
I am writing this during a chess tournament for kids and I just talked to a mother , which triggered this post .
When her son made a mistake which resulted in loss of his queen and as a result loss of the game she said :
" I better do n't talk to him .
I 'd only scold him for his mistakes . "
My immediate answer was :
" Of course you should talk to your son !
You should praise him for the way he played . "
This resulted in a blank stare .
Is this really so difficult to understand ?
When somebody makes a mistake , most of the time , they know very well they made a mistake .
The chess playing kid knows he lost .
He knows losing the queen was n't a smart idea .
Often kids know this so well that they start crying .
Trust me on this :
There is no need to tell them what they did wrong .
They 'll focus their thoughts on the things they did wrong .
And this does n't help .
Instead tell them what the did well .
A kid playing a game of chess most certainly made a couple of good moves .
Your task is to find these moves .
Or maybe he remembered to press the clock most of the time after his move .
Or he used the available time well to think carefully .
Or he remembered to shake hands and setup the board again after the game .
Praise him for that .
It will move the focus to the things he did well .
It will turn his focus in something positive .
It will motivate him to continue playing and learning .
And sooner or later he will start taking care of his queen as well .
And the same applies when you are coaching grown ups .
A software developer who introduced a bug knows he made a mistake .
And he does n't enjoys it .
Especially when it was a very damaging bug .
chastening him does n't help .
Instead find the thing he does well .
Does a different module of him work well ?
Did he fix the bug quickly ?
Does he help his coworkers ?
Is he especially knowledgeable about a certain area ?
Did he improve some skills in the past months ?
Praise him for that .
You might think " But I can't praise the people that make mistakes !
That 's unfair " .
You are wrong .
You can .
You should .
You MUST .
But of course you should praise the ones doing good work as well .
The difference is : Praising the good is much easier and requires much less skill on your side .
So if you have problems with praising , you might start with the good ones today .
Have you ever wanted to know how you can check to see if your AT&T account is eligible for an iPhone upgrade ?
You can instantly check your AT&T iPhone upgrade eligibility by dialing a simple short code on your phone .
This is super easy , here is how you can check your iPhone upgrade eligibility with AT&T :
Open the “ Phone ” app on your iPhone and go to the number keypad Dial * 639 # and press the call button
Wait a moment and you will get a text message from AT&T notifying you of your iPhone upgrade eligibility
A text message will arrive to the iPhone letting you know what the upgrade eligibility status of the phone and line is .
Now here ’s the interesting part , many people seem to be pushed into the upgrade option if there is a newly released iPhone .
Usually this means signing a contract , or trading in the old phone , but it varies per plan .
Assuming you ’re eligible ( everyone I know who has tested this has been , all waiving the $ 18 fee ) , you ’ll get a text that says something like the following :
As a valued customer , we can offer you an upgrade with a new 2 - yr commitment and waive the $ 18 upgrade fee
Or you might see an upgrade eligibility text that says something like this :
This line is upgrade eligible .
Before upgrading your phone , be sure to back it up to make it easier to transfer content to your new phone .
Go to Settings on your phone to learn how .
If the phone is upgrade eligible , you can get the new iPhone upgrade through AT&T , an authorized retailer , or through Apple .
For example , according to Steve Jobs at WWDC in 2010 , if your AT&T contract expireed anytime in 2010 , you were eligible for an iPhone 4 upgrade .
Maybe it ’s because I ’m a graphics nerd , but the A4 processor combined with the new iPhone 4G increased screen resolution and pixel density really tempted me to that upgrade … and I regularly get a new iPhone anytime it ’s released because of my interest in being an early adopter plus my job .
If you ’re curious , check out the iPhone availability and pricing for the model you are interested in , then see if you ’re eligible for an upgrade .
If the iPhone is subsidized they usually start around $ 199 with a renewed AT&T contract , otherwise the monthly payment plans are often $ 15 a month or so tacked onto a normal bill .
It varies , so dial that * 639 # number to find out !
You are here because you or a loved one is under investigation or currently charged with an offense under the UCMJ .
The process is as daunting as it is complex .
It ’s also about perspective .
Commanders and JAG ’s will tell you that you are innocent until proven guilty , and while that is a correct statement of the law , it ’s simply not the reality .
We provide an understanding of the court - martial system from the perspective of experienced civilian defense attorneys who have been in the trenches .
As international outrage spreads at the Israeli elite commando attack on an unarmed humanitarian convey in the middle of the night on international waters , Israel is desperately trying to rebrand the incident as one of self - defence .
It is nothing new for Israel , and other aggressing powers , to smear their victims as perpetrators .
Afterall , unjustifiable murder is too jarring to stomach .
Yet , Amnesty International released a statement about Israel ’s excessive use of force , further stating that Israel ’s version of events begs credibility .
Former Archbishop Desmond Tutu proclaimed the actions of Israel as “ completely inexcusable ” .
According to Craig Murray , specialist on maritime law , “ To attack a foreign flagged vessel in international waters is illegal . ”
Deported activists tell a horrifying story of the use of electric shock , live ammunition , smoke bombs , gas canisters , beatings , and seizure of all evidence on cameras .
Greek activist Michalis Grigoropoulos said , " They took us hostage , pointing guns at our heads … There was absolutely nothing we could do . "
A Turkish woman , with her 1 year old baby , recalls “ The ship turned into a lake of blood . ”
Israeli -Arab Knesset member Hanin Zoabi , who was on board , demanded an international inquiry : “ It was clear from size of force that boarded ship that purpose was not to stop sail , but to cause largest number of fatalities to prevent future initiatives . ”
In contradiction of the carefully managed public relations campaign , a top Israeli Navy commander brags to the Jerusalem Post that “ We boarded the ship and were attacked as if it was a war . ”
The names of the 10 - 19 dead , 60 - 80 injured , and hundreds detained have yet to be released .
Zoabi further stated that the passengers made clear they were non-confrontational , substantiated by live footage of a white flag raised shortly after the armed commandos descended from helicopters .
Upon release from Israeli custody , two German parliamentarians also denied that the activists provoked the violence , though some had tried to stop the armed onslaught by using two wooden sticks .
If that were not enough , custom officials in Greece confirmed that the boats were screened prior to departure and no weapons were aboard .
Even before the events of May 31 , the Israeli government had publically warned that the Flotilla would be intercepted , even though the convoy would be entering from international waters in the Mediterranean and not from Israeli territory .
An extensive May 25 article in the Jerusalem Post describes a campaign between the media , military , and government officials to “ coordinate efforts to stop the flotilla and manage the potential media fallout . ”
The Gaza Freedom Flotilla convoy was comprised of nine ships and 700 activists , politicians , journalists , Nobel laureates , and aid workers from 40 countries .
An initiative that took almost two years of grassroots organization , they were bringing 10,000 tons of medical and humanitarian aid including toys , wheelchairs , construction supplies , paper , food , and medicines for Gaza ’s 1.5 million besieged residents .
Since 2007 , Israel has imposed a tight blockade on Gaza : maintaining control of airspace , waters , and land crossings ; disallowing residents to leave without permits ; and prohibition on imports and exports including food , fuel , and medical supplies .
The result has been catastrophic : 70 % of Gazans live on under $ 1 a day , 60 % have no daily access to water , only 23 of 3,900 industrial enterprises are operational .
This constitutes collective punishment of an entire civilian population and condemns them to an open - air prison , leading the UN to call the siege ‘ medieval ’ .
One of the justifications for the siege is the violence inflicted by Palestinian fighters .
Palestinians live under occupation and lack any effective military capabilities .
According to UN statistics , from 2000 - 2008 , the Israeli military killed 2677 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip .
In the same period , 11 Israelis were killed by Palestinian home - made rockets .
During the bombings of Gaza in 2008 - 2009 , over 1400 Palestinians and five Israelis were killed .
While these numbers are clearly asymmetrical , a focus on violence alone obscures the reality of the occupation of Palestine since 1948 .
UN Special Rapporteur John Dugard has stated that acts committed against a military occupation may not be justifiable but must be understood not as mindless acts of terror but as “ a painful but inevitable consequence of colonialism , apartheid or occupation . "
Though Stephen Harper shamelessly rolled out the red carpet for Benjamin Netanyahu ; UN Special Rapporteur Richard Falk has called on the world to act : “ It is essential that those Israelis responsible for this lawless and murderous behavior , including political leaders who issued the orders , be held criminally accountable for their wrongful acts .
It is time to insist on the end of the blockade of Gaza .
The worldwide campaign of boycott , divestment , and sanctions against Israel is now a moral and political imperative . ”
Standing up to one of the worlds most powerful state ’s – who possesses nuclear capabilities , one of the largest militaries , has repeatedly rebuked international law , and continues an immoral occupation – hundreds of thousands of people have spilled onto the streets in every continent .
Spain , Sweden , Greece , Jordan , Egypt , and Turkey have recalled their ambassadors to Israel .
Perhaps most poignantly , human rights activists in South Africa called the deadly raid ‘ Israel ’s Sharpeville ’ with a bold reminder that “ the desperation of the oppressor is an indication of the beginning of freedom for the oppressed . ”
Harsha Walia is a South Asian activist and writer , formally trained in the law , who is based in Vancouver , Canada .
This article originally appeared as an op -ed in the major daily Vancouver Sun .
About a month ago or so , Amy and I release a little ( literally , it ’s about 5k ) HTML5 iPad App for looking up time zones .
I do n’t mean select - box wasteland like all other time zone sites ( who likes select boxes anyway ? ! ) , I mean a nicely polished , touch - enabled UI that works offline , too .
The site uses no images ( ‘ cept for the ad ) , no JavaScript framworks , and no external CSS , and fits quite comfortably in a few k’s of gzipped HTML .
First visit the site on your iPad ( desktop browsers work , too ! ) , and play around with it a bit .
Our first attempt ran really great on the Apple - supplied SDK iPad Simulator .
But when we got our real iPads , everything seemed slow and sluggish .
We went in an optimized the perceived “ snappyness ” when dragging the the time bar with your finger , and about doubled the rate of frames per second rendered .
And here ’s what we did :
1. Images slow things down immensely – get rid of them
At first , we used a quite complex - webkit - gradient for the gradients in the “ day bars ” for the various cities .
It turns out the this really , really slows things down in terms of rendering speed on the iPad .
What - webkit - gradient really does is construct an image bitmap , and to the rendering engine it ’s exactly the same as if you would supply and externally loaded image ( like a PNG file ) .
Images on Mobile Safari are notoriously slow ( hope this will improve in 4.0 ! ) , and there ’s basically nothing you can do about this – except not using images and gradients .
We replaced those bars with a big canvas element that sits in the background , and we redraw only those portions of the screen that undergoes changes ( the different highlighting when you drag around the green bar ) .
You can sort - of reuse - webkit - gradient when using canvas , like this :
// WebKit CSS gradient - webkit - gradient ( linear , left top , right top , from ( #4b4c4d ) , color - stop ( 0.249 , # 4b4c4d ) , color - stop ( 0.25 , # 575b5c ) , color - stop ( 0.329 , # 575b5c ) , color - stop ( 0.33 , # 6b7071 ) , color - stop ( 0.749 , # 6b7071 ) , color - stop ( 0.75 , # 575b5c ) , color - stop ( 0.909 , # 575b5c ) , color - stop ( 0.91 , # 4b4c4d ) , to(#4b4c4d ) ) ; // < canvas > gradient var gradient = $ ( ' canvas ').getContext ( " 2d " ).createLinearGradient(0,0,230,0 ) ; gradient.addColorStop(0, '#4b4c4d ' ) ; gradient.addColorStop( 0.249,'#4b4c4d ' ) ; gradient.addColorStop(0.25 ,'#575b5c ' ) ; gradient.addColorStop(0.329 ,'#575b5c ' ) ; gradient.addColorStop(0.33 , '#6b7071 ' ) ; gradient.addColorStop( 0.749 ,'#6b7071 ' ) ; gradient.addColorStop(0.75 ,'#575b5c ' ) ; gradient.addColorStop(0.909 , '#575b5c ' ) ; gradient.addColorStop(0.91 , '#4b4c4d ' ) ; gradient.addColorStop(1,'#4b4c4d ' ) ;
2. Avoid text - shadow & box - shadow
Also a major source of slowdown .
It ’s best to avoid those CSS properties .
3. Hardware - acceleration is quite new … and buggy
On Safari , all you need to enable hardware - acceleration is to use the - webkit - transform CSS property ( opacity also works , but see above ) .
There are limits to what works with hardware - acceleration , for example the number of concurrent animations is limited – there will be flickering and rendering errors if you have more then a handful of animations going on .
Gently used , it makes things awesome however ( ca n’t wait to share the new scripty2 hw - accel demos , coming next week I hope ! ) .
4 . Use touch events whenever you can
Touch events are great , because regular old onclick events only happen with a slight delay on the iPad .
Opt for touch event instead– look into the source of the page for some hints on how you can provide support for non -touch - enabled browsers at the same time :
var supportsTouch = ' createTouch ' in document ; element[supportsTouch ?
' ontouchmove ' : ' onmousemove ' ] = function ( event ) { var pageX = event .
pageX ; if ( event.touches ) pageX = event.touches[0 ] .pageX ; // ... }
5. Avoid opacity
For some reason , using the opacity CSS property sometimes interferes with hardware - accelerated rendering , so if you experience slowdowns and think you ’re doing everything right , see if you have opacity set somewhere .
6 . There is no silver bullet– hand - code JavaScript and CSS
Do n’t rely on frameworks or what standards zealots tell you .
In our case , a highly trimmed HTML page , with inline CSS , just some pure JavaScript without a framework and using the capabilities of the target platform ( iPad ) as much as possible allows for a lean page that loads almost instantly , caches well and works great offline .
Yes , we could have used JavaScript and CSS frameworks , but sometimes less is more ( and remember , you do n’t need all the cross - browser heavy lifting that frameworks do for you ) .
// mini-pico - tiny convenience micro-framework , ymmv function $ ( id ) { return document.getElementById( id ) ; } function html ( id , html ) {
$ (id).innerHTML
= html ; } function css ( id , style ) {
$ (id).style.cssText += ' ; '+ style ; } function anim ( id , transform , opacity , dur ) { css(id , '- webkit- transition :-webkit-transform ' + ' , opacity '+( dur | |0.5 ) +'s , '+( dur | |0.5 ) +'s;-webkit-transform :'+ transform +'; opacity : '+( 1||opacity ) ) ; }
7 . Use translate3d , not translate
When using - webkit - transform , be sure to use the translate3d ( x , y, z ) syntax , instead of using translate ( x , y ) .
For some reason , the latter is not hard - accelerated , at least not on iPhone OS 3.x ( it seems to work fine on desktop Safari , tho ) .
Thanks to Matteo Spinelli for pointing this out ( check out his iScroll project for some a great code that demonstrates how to optimize performance on mobile WebKit ) !
I think it ’s quite exciting to develop apps with HTML5 on these devices , with almost complete desktop - like performance in most cases , and you can even distribute apps yourself , no need to go through the App Store for this .
I ’d love to hear about your experiences , and quirks and tricks you may have come across .
Want to learn how to build your own AWESOME mobile HTML5 apps ?
Amy and I proudly present : HTML5 Mobile Pro Workshop , a half - day online workshop on September 20 , 2010 , on building really great mobile HTML5 apps .
We ’ve limited the workshop to 25 virtual seats — so hurry if you want to join !
As BP watches its bill rise quickly for the oil spill , including $ 20 billion it is setting aside for claims , it could find the tally growing much faster in coming months if the United States Department of Justice files criminal charges against the company .
Based on the latest estimates , for example , the daily civil fine for the escaping oil alone could be $ 280 million .
But criminal penalties , if imposed , could cause the costs to balloon still further , said David M. Uhlmann , a law professor at the University of Michigan , who headed the environmental crimes section of the Justice Department from 2000 to 2007 .
Others note that such penalties could lead to loss of government contracts .
Even misdemeanor convictions under environmental laws could produce stunningly large fines under general federal criminal statutes , Mr. Uhlmann added .
That is because the Alternative Fines
Act allows the federal government to request twice the gain or loss associated with an offense if the Justice Department shows that a crime was committed .
Predictions by analysts of the overall cost of the spill to BP , when criminal penalties are included , have been rising .
On Wednesday , Pavel Molchanov , an analyst at Raymond James , estimated the total legal cost , including criminal fines , at $ 62.9 billion , which would dwarf the $ 20 billion escrow account to be used to pay claims of economic loss .
I just got back from canoe camping in the Ozarks with my mom and boyfriend .
Since you do n’t have to carry your food when you go canoe camping , you can plan more elaborate meals .
They always taste extra delicious after a day of paddling !
Here ’s our favorite from the trip , a late spring panzanella with patty - pan squash and sugar snap peas .
It ’s perfect for a picnic !
For the croutons :
1/4 cup olive oil
2 cloves garlic , minced
6 cups day - old bread , crust removed , cubed
6 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan
Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
For the vinaigrette :
1/2 of a red onion , diced
5 tablespoons champagne vinegar
Juice of 1 lemon
1/2 cup olive oil
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
For the salad :
4 large leeks
1 pound patty - pan squash
1 - 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
1/2 pound sugar snap peas , trimmed
1 19 - ounce can of white beans , rinsed and drained or 1 1/2 cups cooked white beans
6 tablespoons shaved Parmesan ( optional )
1 cup radish shoots or pea shoots ( optional )
[ social_buttons ]
1 . To make the croutons , preheat the oven to 400 °F .
Mix the bread cubes with the garlic , olive oil , Parmesan , salt , and pepper in a large bowl .
Toss to coat the bread with the oil mixture .
Transfer bread to a baking sheet and sprinkle with salt and pepper .
Bake , stirring once or twice , until the croutons are crisp and lightly colored on the outside but still soft inside , about 10 to 15 minutes .
Set aside and let cool .
( I made the croutons ahead of time and stored them in a container . )
2 . To make the vinaigrette , mix the red onion with the vinegar and lemon juice in a small bowl .
Whisk in the olive oil and dijon .
Set aside .
( I stored the dressing in a mason jar until I was ready to assemble the salad . )
3 . Cut off the green tops of leeks and trim root ends .
Halve each leek lengthwise and then chop .
Dunk leek slices in a bowl of cool water , swishing to let grit and sand sink to the bottom .
Strain leek slices to remove excess water .
( Click here for more info on preparing leeks . )
4 . Trim the stems off of the patty - pan squash and slice the squash into bite size chunks ( halves or quarters depending on size … if the squash are super tiny you can leave them whole ) .
5 . Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat .
Add the leeks and saute until tender .
Add the patty - pan squash and cook until just crisp - tender .
Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste and set aside to cool .
Mix in the sugar snap peas and white beans once the leeks and squash are cool .
( I made this salad mixture ahead of time and stored it in the cooler until it was time to eat . )
6 . To assemble the salad , place the squash - pea mixture in a large bowl and mix in the cooled croutons .
Pour the vinaigrette over the salad and toss well .
Garnish with shaved Parmesan and radish shoots or pea shoots , if you like .
( I assembled the salad on the river right before lunch ! )
Look for patty - pan squash and sugar snap peas at your local farmers market in the late spring through summer .
This recipe was adapted from Smitten Kitchen ’s Spring Panzanella .
Image courtesy of beautifulcataya via a Creative Commons license .
Don McLeroy is pleased .
For the past two years , the Texas Board of Education member has been leading efforts to revamp the state ’s public education curricula .
Late last month , the board finished the job with a 9 - 5 vote to rewrite the social studies standards , presenting students with a radically conservative version of history .
McLeroy says the more than 200 revisions were only made in order to add balance to what was a liberal presentation of history .
However , historians , academics , and civil liberties experts have decried the changes , accusing the board of rewriting history and presenting an inaccurate view of America — including the notion that this nation was based on Christian principles and that the founding fathers did n’t intend for there to be separation of church and state .
The new standards serve as publishing guidelines for writers of textbooks , and Texas is the second largest bulk purchaser of textbooks in the country .
But how far publishers will go to sell books in such a lucrative market is a matter of debate .
Some writers have argued that the board has gone too far , and no reputable publishing house will present history in the context that the new standards demand .
But in an interview this week , McLeroy indicated that the battle over textbooks is only one part of the conservative agenda .
The ‘ Supplementary ’ Strategy
McLeroy is particularly pleased about a new provision that will allow the board to adopt supplemental materials , since last week the board voted to delay indefinitely the purchase of new science textbooks that include the changes McLeroy has lobbied for .
Because new science textbooks are estimated to cost $ 350 million , the board opted to bridge the gap between the old and the new science standards with supplemental materials .
The board will review and select the materials next spring .
Using supplemental materials may be something of a creationist cloak and dagger .
In the past several years , recommendations that supplemental materials be introduced in public school science classrooms have been part of anti-evolution bills in states across the country as a way to sneak creationist literature into the curriculum .
Louisiana has been at the forefront of the supplemental materials battle since 2008 , and lawmakers there have made it possible for school districts to sidestep any legitimate review process in adopting materials .
In 2004 , the Dover Area School Board tried to introduce the ID textbook Of Pandas and People , published by the creationist Foundation for Thought and Ethics , into its science curriculum under the guise of “ supplemental material . ”
After eleven parents challenged the board ’s actions , Judge John E. Jones ruled that intelligent design was merely revamped creationism and was unconstitutional in public school science class .
Even though McLeroy will no longer be on the board ( he lost his primary reelection bid this spring to a more mainstream Republican ) , McLeroy said he believes the supplemental materials provision will create greater flexibility in what material may be adopted for the classrooms .
Rather than meet all the new standards , the material only has to address some of them .
“ It allows for a small publisher to be competitive in the process , ” McLeroy said .
The board has not yet voted on whether to purchase social studies books , but those textbooks wo n’t be up for selection until 2012 .
Dan Quinn , a spokesman for the Texas Freedom Network , “ [ a nonpartisan , grassroots ] watchdog , monitoring far - right issues , organizations , money and leaders , ” said it ’s going to require a watchful eye to prevent board members from using the new provision to adopt creationist - friendly or intelligent design literature .
Quinn said that board members could reject material for factual errors .
“ But then it becomes a battle among board of education members over whether it ’s accurate , ” he said .
Last year , McLeroy successfully included in the Texas ’ science standards such creationist code as “ analyze and evaluate the sufficiency of scientific explanations concerning any data of sudden appearance , stasis , and the sequential nature of groups in the fossil records . ”
Another amendment says students will : “ analyze and evaluate the scientific explanations concerning the complexity of the cell . ”
The wording could be used to justify the adoption of pro-intelligent design materials from organizations like the Discovery Institute , which guided McLeroy in adopting the new language .
In addition to the issue of supplemental materials , the Texas Education Agency is now scrambling to complete its end - of - chapter tests , which are based on the new standards .
Since the vote , church and state watchdog groups have been contemplating their next step .
In the meantime , the Texas American Civil Liberties Union and other civil liberties organizations are urging members to contact publishers asking them to not kowtow to the new standards .
Additionally , congressional redistricting will mean the entire 15 - member board is up for election in 2012 .
Quinn said there ’s a good chance that a fed - up public may replace conservative incumbents with a more moderate board .
However , he fears that control of the board could swing back and forth between conservatives and moderates in elections every four years , much as it did in Kansas during its educational battles over evolution .
“ I ’m afraid this could create a sort of educational schizophrenia where teachers are n’t sure what they ’re supposed to teach , ” he said .
Spirit of America
One of the new amendments places slavery as the third cause of the Civil War , behind states ’ rights and sectionalism .
Additionally , students must study the inaugural address of Confederate President Jefferson Davis alongside the writings of Abraham Lincoln .
McLeroy says that he and other board members were n’t trying to ignore slavery as a cause of the Civil War .
“ There were multiple causes , ” he said .
Davis ’ address , which reads eerily like a Tea Party manifesto , never mentions slavery , but the board makes no mention of teaching its own state ’s Ordinance of Secession , which states :
( Texas ) was received as a commonwealth holding , maintaining and protecting the institution known as negro slavery — the servitude of the African to the white race within her limits — a relation that had existed from the first settlement of her wilderness by the white race , and which her people intended should exist in all future time .
Her institutions and geographical position established the strongest ties between her and other slaveholding States of the confederacy .
Those ties have been strengthened by association .
But what has been the course of the government of the United States , and of the people and authorities of the non-slaveholding States , since our connection with them ?
The controlling majority of the Federal Government , under various pretenses and disguises , has so administered the same as to exclude the citizens of the Southern States , unless under odious and unconstitutional restrictions , from all the immense territory owned in common by all the States on the Pacific Ocean , for the avowed purpose of acquiring sufficient power in the common government to use it as a means of destroying the institutions of Texas and her sister slaveholding States .
Board members decry the accusation that they are trying to whitewash history .
But when they cherry - pick through historical documents , ignoring their state ’s own secession declaration , that denial rings hollow .
“ I do n’t think they did this because they are racists , ” Quinn said .
“ I do n’t think they did this because they do n’t think slavery is abhorrent .
It ’s just that they see everything through an ideological prism . ”
Rather than trying to present history as accurately as possible , it seems board members are rewriting it to fit their ideal of the future , and using the classroom to further that ideology .
For instance , McLeroy said the board has added many Hispanic names to the curriculum , but it also downplays the struggles that countless Americans have made against oppression .
McLeroy said his goals have always been : Students should learn about “ divine providence ” and “ In God We Trust ” ; children should understand the Constitution ; they must understand that the United States is a “ Constitutional republic ” ; and they must be taught the principles on which this country was founded , including “ American exceptionalism . ”
“ The media has interpreted what we ’ve been doing all wrong , ” he said .
McLeroy may insist that he ’s only about improving education with a more ‘ balanced ’ curriculum , but his numerous statements to the media — like last year ’s comment that women and minorities should be thankful to the white male majority for giving them the right to vote — paint a pretty clear picture of his goals .
Shortly before the final vote this spring McLeroy proposed an amendment declaring that muckraking journalists and modern - day historians are obsessed with oppression .
His response : “ [ students should ] contrast the tone [ of those journalists and historians with ] … the optimism of immigrants including Jean Pierre Godet as told in Thomas Kinkade ’s The Spirit of America . ”
Caution is needed in interpreting results .
I find in reviewing my analyses that I was at times misled by appearances of transparency , when it really was n't there .
And of course it is n't now , So , I have tried to explain why , for example , we should n't be too discouraged after the second injection stopped ( which I suspect was earlier than BP have said , thanks to the eagle eyes that have been watching and commenting on these posts ) .
Those thoughts on the junkshot attempts and the starts and stops are under the fold ( click " there 's more " below . )
Out in the Gulf BP are going through the preparations for the next stage in the attempt to top kill the deep water well that has been leaking oil and gas for more than a month .
The kill attempt has now been underway for a couple of days , and so this is initially a recap on what I believe has happened to date , and what they are currently planning on doing .
I will include in this explanation the two attempts that BP have made so far , and what I expect that they will do next .
To help with the explanation I am going to use some very simple models , which oversimplify the situation , but hopefully will help explain it .
To start with I am going to break the overall system down into a very simple diagram .
Simple approximation of the situation
Basically BP are sending mud through a series of feed lines , which I have simplified for the explanation into one feed pipe that I have called the choke line ( grey ) .
It has an internal diameter of , at most , of 3 inches .
( I say " at most " because most fittings on these lines have smaller diameters ) .
It feeds into the top of the well , which I have colored brass , and which is the pipe ( casing ) that feeds from the seabed down to where the oil is emerging from the rock , some 13,000 ft further down .
The casing and choke line sit underneath the Blowout preventer ( which is the large assembly at the top of the rig ) .
I have colored this bronze , and simplified the shape , for this explanation , to represent a pipe that has been partially closed by the action of the BOP .
Now , here is the problem .
BP want to feed mud through the choke line at such a pressure and flow that it will push the oil and gas flowing up out of the well back down the well .
To do that they have to create enough resistance to the flow that the combination of the mud flow and the oil ca n’t all escape out through the hole in the BOP .
They can do this since , as you increase the flow through a hole ( or nozzle ) , it has to move faster to get through the space in a given time .
It takes a driving pressure to get the fluid moving at that speed , and for a given driving pressure the fluid will only move at a certain speed , and so only a fixed volume of fluid can go through the hole .
Thus if BP pump more fluid into the well than this volume , for that given pressure ( which is higher than the pressure that the oil was flowing at ) then all the flow out of the well will change to mud , and the excess mud that is not flowing out of the hole will be at enough pressure over the oil ( and gas ) in the well that it pushes it back down the well and back into the rock .
Now that was the first step .
The idea was that once the column of mud filled the well , down to where the rock reservoir lies , that the weight of the mud would exert a pressure on the oil in the rock , that was higher than the fluid pressure , and the flow would stop .
The first time they did this , the density of the mud ( weight of a cubic foot ) was not high enough for the full column to balance the pressure in the rock , and the leakage of mud out of the hole in the top of the BOP was higher than BP had thought , so they were losing too much mud to the Gulf .
So they moved to step two .
The first part of this is to try to reduce the size of the hole in the BOP .
And for this they used a variety of what everyone is calling a junk shot .
It actually is n’t .
Given the problem that I am about to outline , they have an ally that folks normally do n’t have .
As Secretary Chu has pointed out there is the full intellectual strength of the Federal Labs behind this attempt , so where one would normally just chop up tires and similar materials , there is a fascinating mathematical problem in designing plug pieces of the right shape that will fit the constraints , and which will accelerate the blocking of the flow path .
So I suspect that some of the shapes that will appear in the flow will have been specificially designed for the problem .
Not being familiar with their answer I ’m going to stick with the spheres and triangles of the more traditional , shall we say old fashioned , way of addressing the problem .
It is one of these problems where the bounding conditions can make life rather difficult .
Let me redraw the problem with a different orientation .
What we have to do is to block ( the term that is being used is bridge ) the passage through the BOP .
This will stabilize the flow , and will allow the cement plug time to set up .
( We ’ll talk about cements another time ) .
So here is the slit : through the BOP – it is going to be a more complex shape , but this allows some explanation of the problems .
Simplified picture of the slot to be sealed
Now to block the slot we have to have some pieces of material ( although they are quite large for simplicity I am going to call them all particles ) that are big enough to wedge in the slot , but small enough to get through the feed lines to that point .
Now here ’s the first catch , we do n’t want them to be hard enough that we will damage the passages , nor soft enough that they will bend distort and compress and squeeze through the hole .
Rubber turns out to fit the bill , and though there are other materials that could be better , in this initial explanation that ’s what I am going to use .
The easy thing to do is to use some spheres , not easy to get , though golf balls are an example .
Unfortunately they are a bit too big .
The reason is that the feed line through the choke has a maximum inner tube size of probably 2.75 inches .
A golf ball is about 1.6 inches , which is more than half this , so that two balls together could block the feed line – a definite no - no .
( And do n’t say it ca n’t happen , I ’ve seen it with smaller particle ratios than this ) .
The maximum size that you can get through the line should be about a third of the minimum diameter – say 0.9 inches , stretch a point and make it a maximum ball size of an inch .
So we fill the mud with miniature golf balls , pump enough of them down that they end up going through the BOP and wait for the effect .
Let me show you , using pearl spheres , how the problem evolves :
Spheres in slot
See all the open space around the spheres , and how much of the slot remains open .
We really have n’t made much of a blockage in the slot area of contact , and we have made it hard to push other materials into the slot area itself .
However the smallest open area now may be at the maximum diameter of the spheres , which is further back , where the feed pipe is larger .
Putting more spheres of the same size down wo n’t improve the situation much , because they still leave room , around the spheres , for fluid to flow .
There are two ways to go , once the initial building blocks for the bridge have been established .
The first might be to use triangular pieces of rubber ( as we saw protruding from the crack in the riser ) .
These can fit closer together and fill more of the slot and flow passage .
Ideal case of three rubber strips blocking flow
Here the strips have aligned in the right way and have been driven into the slot , reducing the flow path .
But note , as with the spheres that the gaps that are left are now too small for more strips of that size to feed into the slot and do more blocking .
So in either case what has to happen is that there should be a second pass , where smaller particles are used .
These could n’t be used before , because they would push through the slot , but now the slot size is smaller , and so these can start to fill in the gaps .
Let me illustrate with the spheres :
Filling the gaps with a smaller second set of spheres .
So now the gaps that remain are even smaller , and so in a third shot , with even smaller gaps the feed particles have to be even smaller .
It can take a number of different slugs of material going through the choke line ( and being pushed into the BOP instead of falling down the well , before the slot is sufficiently “ bridged ” that there is n’t much flow out of the BOP .
So expect that there will be a number of these shots , after each of which mud will be pumped in to see how much progress in filling the holes they have made .
Bear again in mind that there is this restriction on how big a piece they can feed in , and just hope that all the gaps in the BOP are small enough that big enough particles can be fed into the lines to block it .
Now , as I said , they are probably using more sophisticated shapes from the National Labs , that will allow the number of shots to be reduced , but the relative sequence still has to be followed , as they build the bridge .
Let 's see how it goes , and be patient , each shot takes time to set up .
And at the same time , given that they have to balance the weight of the column of mud against the rock pressure , they are using the interval to change the mud weight increasing it each time , to seek that balance .
( They do n't want it higher than it has to be or it could hydraulically fracture the rock and lose the mud into the crack ) .
( Oh and if some of you remember the class in school where the teacher filled a jar with big pebbles and asked you if it was full , you said yes , then he / she poured in smaller pebbles , now is it full ?
Then came sand - now is it full ?
And then the jar was filled with water - its the same basic idea ) .
PROFILE : GEN JAMES CLAPPER Vietnam War veteran
Retired three - star Air Force general
Former director of Defense Intelligence Agency
Former head of National Geospatial - Intelligence Agency
Current Pentagon intelligence official Profile : General James Clapper
President Barack Obama has nominated retired Gen James Clapper , a top Pentagon official , as his next intelligence chief .
If confirmed , he will replace Adm Dennis Blair , who resigned in May after a run of security failures , as director of national intelligence ( DNI ) .
The new DNI will oversee 16 agencies in the intelligence community .
Mr Obama has urged the US Senate to confirm Gen Clapper 's nomination swiftly .
Mixed reviews
Gen Clapper is likely to have a tough time winning over Capitol Hill .
Some in Congress have expressed objections to his nomination because of his combative style during hearings and his focus on defence department issues .
The senior Democrat and the senior Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee , which will confirm Gen Clapper in his new role , had each previously publicly opposed his nomination .
" I do n't think Clapper 's the right person for the job , " top Republican Senator Kit Bond told the Associated Press news agency .
Mr Bond argued Gen Clapper would not be able to command the authority needed for the position amid other strong personalities in the intelligence community .
Senior congressional staff told the Associated Press news agency that Mr Bond had not been consulted over who should fill the role , and that he might round up Republican support to block Gen Clapper 's nomination .
Senator Joe Lieberman , chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee , told AP he thought Gen Clapper was a good match for the position .
Mr Lieberman said he looked forward " to working with him to determine whether the DNI needs additional authorities in order to lead and integrate the intelligence community " .
The White House has had a difficult time replacing Mr Blair , who was forced out in a shake - up by Mr Obama .
The DNI came in for heavy criticism before Mr Blair 's departure when the president 's Intelligence Advisory Board delivered a report which asserted that the department was overstaffed and dysfunctional .
Close ties
Gen Clapper , who retired as a three - star general from the Air Force in 2005 , served as the head of the National Geospatial - Intelligence Agency from September 2001 to June 2006 , where he collected and analysed imagery .
In his current role , Gen Clapper has focused a great deal of his attention during the Obama administration on Afghanistan and Pakistan .
He is also a Vietnam War veteran and the former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency .
He has developed close ties to the intelligence community during his long career and is particularly close to senior managers at the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) , US media reports say .
If Gen Clapper 's nomination is confirmed , he will be the fourth person to serve as DNI since the position was created five years ago on the recommendation of the 9/11 Commission .
So early one cold Monday morning in December , a kid walked into my shop .
He was pale and visibly shaking .
I knew him , a little bit - he was in the group I 'd celebrated Thanksgiving with .
Nice kid , 19 I think , fairly fresh out of boot camp , still an E - 2 .
I 'd bought beer for him and the other guys , and we 'd stayed up till sunrise blasting ' 70s music and talking about nothing .
Maybe that 's why he came to me .
If I did n't rat him out for underage drinking , maybe he thought he could trust me with something bigger .
He was really new to the squadron too , so I guess he did n't have a lot of people he trusted yet .
I 'm not sure if he even knew he was going to talk to me when he came in .
It was a gamble .
He did n't say a word at first - he just stood there shivering looking for all the world like a beaten puppy .
After what felt like a couple minutes of that , I got up and motioned him to follow me outside .
He did , and we smoked ... probably smoked about four cigarettes in a row , standing in the snow staring at the ground .
He shuffled his foot a little bit .
" Something happened ... "
and he just tapered off .
I still was n't quite sure what to say .
I 'm really not very good at this stuff .
So I just started listing off all the really bad things I could think of that would terrify a new Sailor this badly .
Did he get a DUI ?
He just shook his head .
Was he arrested ?
Did he get in a fight ?
Did he use drugs ?
Did he sleep with an underage girl ?
With a prostitute ?
Did he hurt someone ?
Rape someone ?
I saw a flash of discomfort in his eye at that last one , so I stopped .
That was the wrong thing to do , I guess - he just looked hurt and muttered something along the lines of " I 'd never do that " and walked off .
I did n't know what to do , so I let him be for the rest of the day .
I figured I 'd catch him the next day when he was n't so upset .
Probably not the right choice , in retrospect .
But he came back .
It was the end of the day and I was changing and packing up to leave , and he walked in looking a little less distraught .
He asked if I was doing anything that night .
I was n't , so I invited him to come over and have a few drinks .
We talked about random stuff for a while , squadron politics , current events , pointless gossip .
We were several beers in before I got around to asking what he'd tried to tell me that morning .
" It 's not what you said . "
He looked down at his feet and practically whispered , " It 's the other way around . "
It took me a second to make the connection .
And when I did , I panicked .
I had no idea what to say , what to do .
I 'd talked to female rape victims , but the extent of those conversations was mostly just getting the information to report and referring them to legal and medical resources .
So I reached for that training .
" Have you reported it ?
Have you been to Medical ? "
" No , I can 't . "
" Why not ? "
" It was n't a girl . . "
That one sounded odd for a second .
I had assumed that the rapist was male , and I was n't entirely sure why he'd think he needed to tell me that .
And then it clicked .
" You 're gay . "
He sat there staring at his feet .
" No , it 's ok .
It 's fine .
Just tell me what happened .
It wo n't leave this room . "
And then he finally started talking .
Turns out he'd met someone on a gay dating website .
He sort of spun off on a tangent at that point , telling me about his parents and how they believed faggots would burn in Hell , how he'd never felt safe at home , how he'd only started trying to meet guys since he'd been in the Navy , how he 'd still never had sex .
He was n't expecting to have sex when he met this guy .
But he was too young to go to a bar , so he met this stranger at his place , and he was drugged and raped and woke up alone in a strange bed .
What overwhelmed me as he told this story - what still overwhelms me now as I recall it - was just how utterly alone and without support this kid was .
He could n't go to the cops .
he could n't call his parents or family or friends back home .
He could n't talk to a chaplain .
He was even afraid to get medical attention .
He had me , the socially - inept poorly - trained EO rep - and talking to me was a huge gamble .
I was supposed to report him .
I did n't , of course .
I just listened to him as best I could , and managed to convince him to at least go get an STD test .
But that 's all I could do .
Over the coming months I started getting other guys coming out to me .
There was one other rape victim , which makes two too many .
But there were others too , guys who just wanted to talk to someone .
There were guys who were harassed at work and called fags , guys whose boyfriends hit them or cheated on them , and guys who just needed to talk about family / relationships / life .
I 'm not sure how they knew I was safe .
Maybe there was some sort of underground gay social network spreading the word .
But I do know that there were literally over a dozen guys - this in a small squadron of only a couple hundred people - who desperately needed to talk to someone in an official support role .
I could n't do anything at all for them .
I could n't even tell anyone why they were talking to me , why I was spending so much time alone with junior enlisted guys who ( in most cases ) were n't even in my shop .
People thought I was sleeping with some of them .
Which is fine , if it kept them from suspecting they were gay .
I know there are units where gay servicemembers can be effectively ' out . '
Mine was n't one of them .
I do n't think most are .
And under DADT , gay servicemembers are truly isolated .
There are people who are concerned that ending DADT , allowing out gays to serve , will lead to gay servicemembers being harassed or assaulted .
That 's fair enough , even if I do n't necessarily believe it to be true .
But even granting that - what about the ones who already are being assaulted , and who do n't dare even tell anyone about it ?
The Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media has recently issued a report of the results of studies conducted about gender in media .
The results can be viewed here ( PDF ) .
Among them :
Study 1 : G - rated movies from 1990 - Jan. 2005 :
Fewer than one out of three ( 28 % ) of the speaking characters ( both real and animated ) are female .
More than four out of five ( 83 % ) of the films ’ narrators are male .
85.5 % of the characters in G - rated films are white , 4.8 % are black , and 9.7 % are from “ other ” ethnicities .
Study 2 : G- , PG - , PG - 13 , R - Rated Prevalence and Portrayal , 1990 - 2006
73 % of the characters are male .
This translates into a ratio of 2.71 males to every 1 female .
Females were over five times as likely as males to be shown in sexually revealing clothing , which was defined as attire that enhances , exaggerates , or calls attention to any part of the body from neck to knees .
Females were nearly three times as likely as males ( 10.6 % vs. 3.4 % ) to be shown with a thin figure .
Style of presentation affects how females are featured in G - rated films .
Animated females are more likely to be shown in a thin and sexy light than are live action females .
Rainbow Brite got a “ backlash ” makeover …
From here , where there is more data and analysis .
– Ann Bartow
Last Monday
I did a talk on the political use of social media like Facebook and individual security concerns for RAG ( Revolutionary Anarcha Feminist Group ) .
The text I based the talk on and the audio recordings of the talk ( which had four other speakers and 40 minutes of discussion ) are with this blog post .
I ranged fairly widely as I think these questions can only be understood in the balances revolutionaries have always had to strike between effective communication and personal security .
As I said at the start I was a bit unsure how to tackle the subject and decided on a narrative format which I think worked OK on the night .
That approach had the advantage of minimising the importance of any variation in technical knowledge or experience in the audience .
If you listen to the audio you 'll see the contributions from the other speakers was very broad with two of them specifically saying they had no particular interest in the political questions at all .
I spoke first and the second speaker Caroline directed a good few questions to me in her contribution but I did n't want to answer those straight away with three other people waiting to speak .
I come back to some of them later , mostly about 30 minutes into the second audio recording .
My main point was that all interactions in society required some forms of compromise with capitalism and that really those involved around using Facebook for political activism required a similar set of decisions to be made as using mainstream media distribution ( ' Easons ' is the main distributor of publications in Ireland ) or any one of a 100 other questions .
I think I 'd already dealt with the encryption question in the text below ..
Listen to Part 1 of the talk ( I 'm on first )
Listen to Part 2 of the talk ( I come in around 30 minutes )
Using social media for political activity & the individual security considerations by Andrew Flood on Mixcloud
Text of talk
I was n't quite sure how to approach this talk .
I reckoned a ' when to create a fan page rather than a group ' on Facebook angle would be a bit dull so instead I 'm going to tell some stories that I think illustrate both the areas of potential and concern .
I 'm also approaching this purely from the point of view of political activism , I 'll leave the discussion of art etc to people who know what they are talking about .
There are a number of fundamental contradictions that revolutionaries have to face as they move through their lives and new media accents some of these and brings them to the fore .
My first story takes place in 1917 .
In July there had been a failed rising in Petrograd and in the aftermath of this a number of exiled Bolshevik leaders returned to the city .
Now what was interesting for us is that rather that sneaking across the border Lenin choose to make a pre announced arrival in the Finland station and this was turned into a big rally to build support for the party .
I missed the session but at the London anarchist bookfair a couple of years back Ian Bone said that if this had been anarchists the train would have pulled in not with Lenin ready to alight and launch into a speech but with a note stuck to the front reading ' For more information contact PO Box 1528 . '
There is a contradiction for the revoluntary between visible activity and personal security .
By security I mean everything from being invisible to the state to being invisible to employers and fascists .
Back in the 1970's there were organizations like the Economic League in Britain that spied on left organizations , copied the names of people who signed articles in left papers and sold these lists to employers to draw up blacklists of trouble makers to avoid employing .
There services were expensive , but today any employer with a computer connection can achieve the same in seconds via google .
This has consequences .
Back in 1992 I was one of a group of anarchists who founded the first online anarchist archive of texts called Spunk Press .
This used a file retrieval system called Gopher as although the web had come into existence at CERN it was not until 1993 that the web started to replace gopher in a serious way .
Now the internet at this time was a very obscure place , the hang out solely of programmers and other assorted geeks .
So really although what you put up was publicaly accessible so few of the public knew anything about the net that you did n’t pay attention to this .
So many of us posted from work emails , pretty much the only emails that existed at that point in time and with footers that included our full names and work numbers .
This bit us in the ass quite quickly when the Sunday Times ran a big and bizarre scare story about Spunk press which basically painted us a terrorist organization bringing together a crazy coalition that ran from the ETA to loyalist paramilitaries in Ireland .
This had very serious consequences for one of the editors who lived and worked in Britain who was not only personally named but also had the details of the company he worked for connected to the project .
Now the only new aspect to this was that we were ' new media ' publishers .
Right wing press targeting political activists was not new then , its being going on as long as publishing has .
The difference is that with new media the collection of information for a smear article on someone is very much easier than it used to be .
One issue is that your needs for personal security can be at one level at one stage in life and very different at another .
A moved to Canada around four years back and in doing so moved from a situation where I had a full time job and citizenship and thus was not very worried about being out there to one where I had neither and would be regularly crossing one of the worlds most paranoid borders , the US / Canadian border where on the US side border guards are in the regular practice of googling anyone who looks suspicious .
I 'd already had the experience in 2004 of being ' randomly selected ' for special searches every time I took a domestic flight in the US .
If you google me the first result was an index page of my anarchist writings alongside a picture of me in front of a line of masked and armed Zapatista's .
Not really ideal material for a border crossing .
Now there was n't much I could do in terms of removing this , I could and did have control over the page that picture was on but because I 've been online so long articles I 've written and even old emails from the 1990's are scatted in thousands of places across the internet , almost none of which I have access to .
The solution I came up with was to invent another Andrew Flood who had written all that stuff and providing a picture of him .
As an old work email address was all over the net I used the n in this and provided a picture of Nestor Makhno as a young fella in a very Depeche Mode style pose .
The idea being that the curious border guard who google me would quickly find this other guy who looked nothing like me and had a different middle initial to mine .
Which brings me to Facebook .
What initially lured me into Facebook was the ability to put up the dodgy photos of me without having to worry about random border guards therefore seeing them .
Which is not the same thing at all as thinking that content is not available to the various secret police forces , bored facebook employees and even journalists and the like who are smart enough to get around the often ineffective security settings .
Anyone for instance can download every image in a ' friends of friends ' folder if they can see the address of one image in that folder .
Facebook is pretty much set up to be a stalkers heaven , although FB logs how often you look at someones profile it does n't provide this information to them and promises not to ( of course whether they are capable of filling that promise is another question , there was a undocumented feature removed two years back that showed your top 7 ' stalkers ' ) .
It 's pretty much designed to allow you to give away all sorts of personal information on an ongoing basis to people who you may well only vaguely know and if your not careful with your settings to people you may not know at all .
It 's hardly surprising people people find this alarming but that also they get pulled into the implicit exchange of details involved .
You swap someone checking out your drunken party pics from holidays two years back for your ability to surf theirs .
Unless they choose to ' like ' or comment on a photo you do n't even know they have been there and if they do either you may well find it quite creepy that they have looked in the first place .
But of course as any of you who are already friends of mine on Facebook will know I probably update and post pics at a greater rate than anyone else you know .
The key thing to understand with using FB for a political tools is that even if you call yourself Ann Anonymous or Michael Bakunin you are making a similar compromise .
In the first season of the Wire the cops spend a considerable period of time trying to construct a map of the drug dealer network they are investigating based on who is calling who .
A political cop investigating you gets that information for free off your Facebook friend list .
I post a lot of protest pics and people happily trawl through them tagging each other .
There was a cool app called Nexus that when ran looked at your friend list and gave you a linked node map of who connected to who , it was a useful warning when ran on my account as my friends were in three clear clusters of activists in Ireland , old friends from Ireland and activists in the US with the ' key ' connectors between and within clumps in each of these three groups visible .
It vanished 18 months back , I rather suspect the authors got hired by the NSA .
In terms of how long it would have taken for the branch to construct an activist map a decade ago FB must be something of a dream in which we do it for them and its accessible instantly and being constantly updated .
The most dangerous thing when it comes to personal or collective security is not in fact what you choose to make public or semi public .
There is a decision in that process .
The dangerous thing is what you think you are doing in secret but in reality is visible to those with the power to look .
Those are the circumstances in which you say something you should n't .
The only safe way to treat the internet in general and Facebook in particular is to assume that everything you post is going to be visible to anyone willing to try hard enough and will be automatically visible to political police .
So is everyone ready to run home and delete their Facebook profiles ?
An why have n't I ?
This is where we started , the Finland station , Lenin 's arrival and the safe alternative of ' For more information contact PO Box 1528 . '
We need to look at the actual risks and balance those against the actual gains .
Facebook keeps me in constant contact with maybe 500 anarchists and another 200 or so old friends or family who map up the net activist map that cops might try and draw .
Their profile news posts give me a constant alternative picture of what is happening in the world , the Facebook feed is now where I tend to find out about stuff , selected and indeed filtered for me by 100's of people with whom I have a lot in common .
In terms of real world organising in Ireland FB events have been a very powerful way to both spread news of events , we had nearly 1200 sign up for the Anarchist Bookfair page for instance and to recruit from those events after they passed , the anti-capitalist bloc expanded the WSM friend list by a good 150 people I 'd say , all of whom are now in ongoing contact .
And as importantly while you can escape Facebook its actually just the most visible manifestation of just how easy it is to track , identify and record people these days .
What I partly like about Facebook is that its all pretty obvious .
Gmail is collecting exactly the same sort of information about you but until the cock up that was the release of Buzz a couple of months back few realised this .
To be even slightly secure online would be to never use a computer at work or at home and to constantly change which internet cafe 's you used for your carefully encrypted emails to other people you were very , very sure were consistently taking similar precautions .
And even then there is no escape .
I was part of a conversation a while back were it came up how back in the 80's if you happened to be involved in a riot if you walked away at the end of it you could be pretty sure that was it .
Today not only are there cameras everywhere but even consumer cameras have face recognition software built into them that when swept over a crowd will produce an index with every face spotted by the software in it .
We have one of them in work , its kinda cool as you sweep across it drops little red boxes on every face as it generates the catalog .
And even free software like iPhoto has pretty impressive recognition and tagging software that when you tag a couple of photos of someone will then go through all your photos and suggest matches .
When I 've played with it its successfully picked up pictures of me from 20 years ago despite having pretty different glasses and hair .
It 's the interactive nature of new media that makes the compromises we make when we choose to use it for political purposes very visible to us .
In many ways this is a good thing as the compromises were always there , previously it was just easier to not notice the downsides .
If your going to rob banks do n't announce it on Facebook .
By David Cozad ’s own admission , hardly anyone knew his name before last week .
And that ’s still mostly true , though it may not matter .
For all practical purposes , he is That Guy Running Against Joe Barton .
Two little words —
“ I apologize , ” uttered by Barton , the Republican congressman representing Arlington and a large swath of the Fort Worth suburbs , to Tony Hayward , the chief executive of BP , the company daily soiling the Gulf of Mexico with crude oil — have upgraded the status of Cozad ’s campaign from Sure Loser to Longer - Than -Longshot .
Calling himself a Green Dog Democrat focused on reforming the energy industry , he newly brims with optimism .
“ I may be the only freshman Democrat in Congress next year , ” he said on Monday .
Before Barton ’s roundly rebuked comments at a hearing of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , Cozad ’s campaign had been a study in anonymous futility .
At his local Democratic Senate District Convention in March , the pale , bearded 62 - year - old was asked to keep his remarks to two minutes .
As brevity does not come easily to him , he subsequently turned to YouTube to post the nine - minute speech he would have given , covering such arcane subjects as mid-term elections of 1934 .
Uploaded May 3 , his soliloquy , which he says he considered " too important to throw away , " has n’t exactly gone viral : A total of seven people have viewed it to date , including this reporter .
Cozad hopes the Barton backlash will mushroom into an anybody - but - Joe uprising from the grassroots .
A 25 - year incumbent previously considered unbeatable , Barton stepped in a pile of political backlash in expressing his view that BP had been the victim of a government “ shakedown ” from the Obama administration , which worked out a deal with the company to put up $ 20 billion as a down payment on the oil - spill damage .
Calls to Barton ’s congressional office for comment on Cozad 's campaign were not returned , and his campaign voicemail box is n’t taking any more messages .
As an underdog candidate with , as Cozad puts it , “ virtually no income ” — going up against a big name with millions in the bank — the incident brought an inkling of hope .
“ Joe ’s little foot - in - mouth disease has basically put him in a position where a lot of his money has been neutralized , ” Cozad says .
“ The big question is , how much money am I going to get ? ”
There ’s precedent for such incumbent gaffes proving a fundraising boon to challengers .
After South Carolina Republican Joe Wilson shouted “ You lie ! ” during an address by President Obama , his general election opponent raked in $ 750,000 in 48 hours .
Cozad ’s financial bump has been more of a molehill — he says he ’s received $ 4,311.21 since Barton ’s apology and is expecting another “ couple thousand dollars ” worth of checks in the mail .
A crack in that wall
A former schoolteacher and software engineer , Cozad entered the political arena six years ago with one goal in mind : defeating Barton .
He served as chief of staff on Morris Meyer ’s 2004 bid against Barton , which the incumbent won by a margin of 66 percent to 33 percent .
He also worked as a campaign consultant for Steve Bush , who lost the Democratic primary in 2008 to Barton 's eventual opponent that November , Ludwig Otto .
With his nemesis up for re-election yet again in 2010 , Cozad approached Steve Maxwell , the Tarrant County Democratic Party chair , and said , “ Do we have some youngblood hot rod ready to go to take on Joe Barton ?
Because I ’m ready to help him . ”
Maxwell responded that everyone who considered running took a look at Barton and the makeup of the district , kicked the tires and walked away .
The Cook Political Report classifies Barton ’s district as “ Solid Republican ” — in fact , it ’s the 56th - most - Republican district of the 435 nationwide .
Barton ’s worst election - night result since taking office was 60 percent in 2006 .
His pockets are deep , with the donations and support of some of the nation ’s most powerful industries .
According to the Center for Responsive Politics , individuals and PACs associated with the oil and gas industry have given him $ 1,440,380 since 1990 , making him their top recipient in the U.S. House .
Like Dick Cheney searching for someone to round out George W. Bush ’s presidential ticket , Cozad eventually realized he was the man he ’d been looking for .
And now he thinks he might actually have a chance .
“ They built a big stone wall around Joe with money from oil companies , gas companies , coal companies , pharmaceuticals , ” Cozad says .
“ This gaffe in front of the whole world put a crack in that wall .
Now it ’s my job to go through that crack . ”
Cozad ’s not alone in holding out hope .
Bryon Severns , the Libertarian candidate for the seat , is also considering saddling up to ride into the breach .
“ I did n’t think there was much possibility , so I had n’t been doing anything , ” he says .
“ Now , I ’m thinking that maybe I should . ”
Still , even Barton 's fiercest critics admit that the chances of him losing his seat are low at best — which may be the only reason he made the “ gaffe ” in the first place .
“ He ’s in such a safe district , he was not restrained by doing anything other than speaking his true mind , ” says Matt Angle , a Democratic consultant and former U.S. House staffer who runs the Texas Democratic Trust .
“ Remember that that district was drawn by Tom DeLay for the purposes of electing a Republican no matter how inept they are . ”
On top of that , this political season is widely expected to favor Republicans — even Joe Wilson , his opponent ’s post - “ You lie ! ” windfall aside , should easily win another term in November .
And the fact that Cozad is vocal in his support of Obama wo n’t exactly help in a district that went 60 - 40 for John McCain in 2008 and in a state where the president 's disapproval rating is 60 percent .
Cozad disagrees , of course .
“ Obama ’s going to come around , ” he says .
“ Everyone says [ the oil spill ] is his Katrina because it ’s in the same geographical location .
I think it will be more like his 9/11 . ”
Ultimately , Cozad ’s time in the limelight may be a testament to the virtues of running with the expectation of losing than rather than not running at all .
In campaign season , as former Viriginia Senator George Allen can tell you , it ’s hard to predict when a “ macaca ” moment might occur .
It was , after all , the Texas pol cited by Angle , Tom DeLay , who had to drop out of a supposed cakewalk of a race in 2006 amid allegations of corruption , allowing former Democrat Congressman Nick Lampson to win an unlikely term in Congress representing blood - red Fort Bend County .
By contrast , when the Democrats failed to run a candidate this year against state Sen.
Kip Averitt , R - Waco , there was no one there to enjoy the unforeseen spoils when he dropped out unexpectedly due to health concerns , creating an open seat .
And to hear Cozad tell it , a major Barton foul - up was only a matter of time .
“ I ’ve been watching Joe , ” Cozad says .
“ I ’ve been noticing that deterioration of his thinking processes .
I knew he was going to get in the public eye someday where his staff can’t protect him , and he ’s going to say something .
Well , he did . ”
In his latest YouTube video , a clean - shaven Cozad explores — in detail , of course — Barton ’s ties to the oil industry .
Actually recorded nearly a week before Barton ’s apology , it lasts just under eight minutes .
As of press time , it ’s been viewed by nearly 200 people , which is better than seven — but probably not enough to win an election .
A federal study places Iowa in the number - two slot among all the states for volunteering .
Stan Soloway , a committee chairman for the Corporation for National and Community Service , says Iowans are volunteering their time for a host of worthy projects much more frequently than the national average .
“ Iowa ranks second in the country with almost 38 % of Iowa ’s citizens reporting that they actually volunteer or do service in their communities or across the state , ” Soloway says .
“ It ’s really a terrific news story for Iowa .
Nationally , we ’ve seen the largest increase in volunteerism since 2003 and this is the most comprehensive analysis there is on volunteering in America , so it ’s pretty solid data . ”
The top five states are : Utah , Iowa , Minnesota , Nebraska and Alaska .
By nature , Soloway says , Americans are a giving , resilient people who are looking to support their communities .
The report finds more than 63 - million Americans gave of their time last year , an increase of one - point - six million people from 2008 .
“ We think volunteering and service is a critical part of the solution to a lot of the problems that face us , but this is a very exciting story , particularly given the economic downturn , ” Soloway says .
“ Nationwide , we saw the increase despite the economic downturn and even an increase in volunteering amongst those who are unemployed themselves . ”
The report found nearly 884 - thousand Iowans volunteered last year , giving 93 - million hours of service .
He says the increases demonstrate how , despite economic challenges , Americans have made service a priority in their lives .
“ The more that we at the federal level or at the state and local level , through state commissions and various non-profit organizations , can provide access to opportunities , people are looking for ways in which to volunteer , ” Soloway says .
“ It has n’t always been that easy to find the right opportunity .
Now , with social media and technology and a much greater focus on providing opportunity , people are taking advantage of it . ”
As well as we ’ve done , he says more people need to get engaged in volunteering in whatever area they may choose — including things like literacy , health , hunger , veterans , and the environment .
The Corporation for National and Community Service is the federal agency responsible for fostering volunteering and service .
For more information , visit : “ www.volunteeringinamerica.gov“.
There 's a demo for Rock Band : Green Day currently up on Xbox Live .
Of actual interest is this image greeting users when they quit the demo , teasing Rock Band 3 with a little ebony and ivory .
Advertisement
Take a look up there at all those little icons .
We 've got bass , drums , guitar , vocals - the three mics suggesting the harmonies from Beatles : Rock Band are carrying over - and finally , on the right , a keyboard .
Sure , not every song has one .
Not every band has a pianist or keyboardist , either .
But some do , and it looks like we 'll now be able to rock out to those songs as nature intended .
Advertisement
Below , a little something to get you in the mood .
and finally .....
[ thanks Joe ! ]
The US Supreme Court declined Monday to hear an appeal by the Vatican in a landmark case that opens the way for priests in the United States to stand trial for pedophilia .
Allowing a federal appeals court ruling to stand , the decision means Vatican officials including theoretically Pope Benedict XVI could face questioning under oath related to a litany of child sex abuse cases .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Supreme Court effectively confirmed the decision of an appellate court to lift the Vatican ’s immunity in the case of an alleged pedophile priest in the northwestern state of Oregon .
The Oregon case , which was filed in 2002 , does not directly address questions raised in a separate lawsuit in Kentucky alleging that US bishops are employees of the Holy See .
In recent months , large - scale pedophilia scandals have rocked the Roman Catholic Church in a number of countries , including Austria , Belgium , Ireland , Pope Benedict XVI ’s native Germany and the United States .
Senior clerics have been accused of protecting the priests involved by moving them to other parishes — where they sometimes offended again — instead of handing them over to civil authorities for prosecution .
The pope , who has himself faced allegations he covered up the scandal , has repeatedly said priests and religious workers guilty of child abuse should answer for their crimes in courts of law .
At Least 16 Campers Killed in Arkansas Flash Flood Campers at the remote Albert Pike campground were swept away by rising rivers .
June 11 , 2010  --
At least 16 people , including some children , were killed Friday after flash floods swept through their remote Arkansas campsites following a heavy rain , according to Gov. Mike Beebe .
About 60 campers were rescued by emergency workers , another two dozen hospitalized , the Associated Press reported , citing authorities .
Dozens more are still missing and feared dead .
" About one - thirty , two in the morning , we started hearing children and women screaming and crying , " said Crystel Hofer , who was asleep in her cabin when the water came raging through .
" So we went to the door and opened the door and they were trying to come up the hill to where our cabin was to escape the rising water . "
" It 's a terrible tragedy and we 're doing all we can to hopefully find some folks and bring some people back who are stranded out there , " said Matt DeCample , spokesman for Gov. Beebe .
" We 've got a lot of state and local folks pulling together .
This is an unprecedented tragedy out in this part of the state .
It 's a very rural but close - knit portion of Arkansas . "
The area is still heavily flooded and searches are expected to take at least two days .
The Caddo and Little Missouri rivers -- two normally gentle waterways -- rose by 20 feet overnight , engulfing the hikers and campers who were spending the night in tents along the rivers in the isolated Ouachita Mountains .
" Within ten minutes the water had rose and campers were floating down , " Hofer told ABC News .
" If they did n't get out of their camper within five , ten minutes , they were n't getting out . "
The 54 - unit campground was quickly inundated with water , which was rising as quickly as 8 feet per hour .
The water was so violent it overturned RVs and peeled asphalt off the roads .
" There was a lot of devastation in there , where it 's coming along this river , there 's vehicles that 's overturned , there 's cabins washed off their foundations , " said Capt .
Mike Fletcher of the Arkansas State Police Department .
The area affected , the Albert Pike campground , is managed by the U.S. Forest Service and is about 75 miles west of Little Rock .
It is a popular camping area , due in part to its secluded location .
Officials say they expect more deaths but do not yet have a full count on the number of people at the site or missing .
" We do n't know who was in there last night , " State Police spokesman Bill Sadler told the Associated Press .
" This is a very wide area . "
Brigette Williams , spokeswoman for the American Red Cross in Little Rock , told the Associated Press that between 200 and 300 people were believed to be in the area at the time of the flooding .
She did not know how many of those were campers and how many were local residents .
DeCample said people there would have had " very little warning or alerts " because the flooding occurred while most people were sleeping .
And because the area is so remote and terrain so rugged , officials believe that campers would have had to hike downstream in the dark to escape the valley , making the chances of survival for some even slimmer .
The Little Missouri west of Caddo Gap stood at 3 feet Thursday , but after 7.6 inches of rain fell in the area overnight the level jumped to 23.5 feet by Friday morning .
It later dropped to 11.5 feet .
Searchers were working along the Little Missouri River in Montgomery and Pike counties and the National Guard dispatched helicopters to help in the rescue .
" We 're just in the process of right now , trying to see if we have anyone to be rescued along the river there , and uh , also in a recovery stage , " said Capt .
Fletcher .
Officials were also bringing in a refrigerated truck to serve as a temporary morgue and downstream Glenwood police and fire crews monitored river debris moving beneath a highway overpass .
Two Shreveport , La. , families were at the Albert Pike campgrounds when the floods hit , a family friend told ABC affiliate KTBS .
A 5 - year - old member of one family was swept away by flood waters and the father and a 2 - year - old child were missing , said Tonya Rabalais of Shreveport .
The father of the other family -- which consisted of a husband , wife and three children -- was missing , Rabalais said .
The mother of the first family and four members of the second family survived .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
8 p.m. EST Sunday .
Update : Jesse Rosenfeld has been released from custody , says family , and is doing well .
A journalist on assignment for The Guardian newspaper was arrested and beaten by police officers at the site of a peaceful demonstration on The Esplanade near the G20 security fence in downtown Toronto at approximately 11:00 p.m. on June 26 , 2010 .
Having been punched in the stomach and elbowed in the back by officers , it is believed that Jesse Rosenfeld , a 26 - year - old writer from Toronto , was then taken to the temporary detention facility on Eastern Avenue in Toronto .
Rosenfeld had already filed a story for The Guardian , the United Kingdom -- based newspaper founded in 1821 , but was not able to receive media accreditation as the RCMP had dragged its heels through the accreditation process .
However , Rosenfeld clearly identified himself to police as a journalist .
Steve Paikin , the Gemini - nominated TVOntario personality who was also covering the protest via Twitter witnessed the incident .
The following are Paikin 's tweets journaling the arrest and beating :
" they repeated they would arrest me if i did n't leave .
as i was escorted away from the demonstration , i saw two officers hold a journalist . "
https://twitter.com/spaikin/status/17137794505
" the journalist identified himself as working for ' the guardian . ' he talked too much and pissed the police off .
two officers held him .... "
https://twitter.com/spaikin/status/17137826780
" a third punched him in the stomach .
totally unnecessary .
the man collapsed .
then the third officer drove his elbow into the man 's back . "
https://twitter.com/spaikin/status/17137863106
" the officer who escorted me away from the demo said , ' yeah , that should n't have happened . ' he is correct .
there was no cause for it . "
https://twitter.com/spaikin/status/17137918390
" the demonstration on the esplanade was peaceful .
it was like an old sit in .
no one was aggressive .
and yet riot squad officers moved in . "
https://twitter.com/spaikin/status/17138017712
Rosenfeld 's family is livid that police would violate the rights of anyone but especially a journalist on assignment , and are supporting Jesse in this matter .
Rosenfeld 's father , Mark , is available for comment , as is Jesse 's girlfriend and fellow journalist Carmelle Wolfson .
Rosenfeld will be available for comment following his release .
Contact information :
Mark Rosenfeld , father
Carmelle Wolfson ,
Adam Chaleff - Freudenthaler , friend
Rosenfeld spoke at a rabble - sponsored event this week .
You can watch the video here .
June 6 , 2010 2838
What is Colibri Colibri provides an alternative to KDE4 Plasma notifications .
What I like about Colibri
Colibri notifications look lighter and are completely passive : they do not provide any buttons .
You may or may not like this .
Since they are completely passive
They smoothly fade away when you mouse over them , allowing you to interact with any window behind them .
They also do not stack each others : if multiple notifications happen , they will be shown one at a time .
Thankfully Colibri is now available in the Lucid repository
sudo aptitude install colibri
Once installed the following setup still need be done because colibri would not start to work immediately .
Right Click on systemtray and select “ systemtray settings ” uncheck “ Application notification ”
Add colibri to startup session ( Following the same process as with nm- applet )
Go to system settings —>
Desktop ( Under the Generation Tab ) —> “ Colibri Notifications ” select which area of your screen you want Notifications to be Displayed apply .
Thats all
NB : You may need to logout and login again for Colibri to take effect .
If all goes well your Notification should look like this .
Codecs and Multimedia
( k) ubuntu does not come pre-installed with multimedia codecs for popular formats like mp3 , AVI , Dvix , Adobe Flash etc due to license restrictions
Although it is very easy to install the codecs when you attempt to play an mp3 file for example , you get a popup prompting to install necessary codecs need to play the file .
Even then I rather just have all what I need in one go .
Some of the codecs needed for playing popular multimedia codecs are so restricted that there are not included in the Ubuntu Repositories and one would need to add a 3rd party repository .
Medibuntu repository comes with many tools , codecs and applications which can not be shipped in the Ubuntu repository due to license restrictions .
It can be added to your software source with the following command .
echo ' deb http://packages.medibuntu.org/
lucid free non-free ' | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list ; wget -q
http://packages.medibuntu.org/medibuntu-key.gpg
- O- | sudo apt - key add - && sudo apt - get update
Once added I usually just install just about every Multimedia Codec I would ever need on Kubuntu with the following command .
sudo apt - get install gstreamer0.10-plugins-ugly-multiverse gstreamer0.10-plugins-bad-multiverse gstreamer0.10-plugins-bad gstreamer0.10-plugins-ugly gstreamer0.10 - ffmpeg libxine1- ffmpeg ffmpeg kubuntu-restricted-extras libdvdread4 ; sudo /usr / share/doc/libdvdread4/install-css.sh
Multimedia Apps
I would like to go through some of the multimedia apps I always resort to in my day to day use of kubuntu .
For the most part I prefer to stick with Kde / Qt apps due to their integration with the rest of kde .
But I always use the best tool for the Job Qt or Gtk does n’t matter ( As long as it is not too tired to gnome or need half of gnome desktop to install )
Audio Encoder
Soundcoverter
Like the name suggests soundconverter is a small GTK app which reads anything the GStreamer library can read ( Ogg Vorbis , AAC , MP3 , FLAC , WAV , AVI , MPEG , MOV , M4A , AC3 , DTS , ALAC , MPC , Shorten , APE , SID , MOD , XM , S3M , etc… ) , and writes WAV , FLAC , MP3 , AAC , and Ogg Vorbis files .
Its extremely easy to use and IMHO the best Audio Converting app on free desktop .
sudo aptitude install soundconverter
Video Encoder
Winff Winff is a GUI frontend to FFMPEG , it converts any video file supported by FFMPEG and can all do multiple file convert i.e
You can for example convert mpeg ’s , flv’s , and mov’s , all into avi ’s all at once .
Just like Soundcoverter winff is very easy to use and also support 3rd party presets for Nokia and Android devices .
The only flaw I found with winff progress indicator instead you get a commandline window which displays working of an encoding process in the most geeky way lol
sudo aptitude install winff
DVD Rip
Handbreak is a great app ( some will say the best for the job ) Personally though I prefer k9 copy .
K9 copy is a program that allows you to copy DVDs in Linux .
It is similar to DVDShrink , and has the following features :
Features
The video stream is compressed to make the video fiton a 4.7GB recordable DVD
DVD Burning
Creation of ISO images
Choosing which audio and subtitle tracks are copied .
Title preview ( video only )
The ability to preserve the original menus .
sudo aptitude install k9copy
Video editor
Video editing is not one of the strongest areas of Linux .
However that trend is changing as more applications like openshot and Pitivi get matured and add needed functionality and features .
However the best and most feature packed Video editor on Linux today is Kdenlive .
The list of its features are so numerous that its better to just check them out yourself
sudo aptitude install kdenlive
Audio Editing
Audacity is a cross platform open source software for recording and editing sounds .
While Audacity would not be winning any award in UI design any time soon .
It is indeed one of the most powerful open source sound editor out there .
sudo aptitude install audacity
Internet and Social Networking
Browser
Konqueror the default browser which ships with kde sucks , I wish there was a mild way to put that but really it does .
And please do n’t get started on Firefox its integration with KDE is just appalling .
ReKonq is a decent browser but it crashes a lot and can be unstable .
My browser of choice on kde is Chromium .
Its faster , lighter and although a gtk app has better integration with kde compared to Firefox .
sudo aptitude install chromium - browser
Microblogging
I am a heavy microblogger and you would find me on both identica and twitter .
When it comes to microblogging on kde it starts and end with Choqok .
Really there is nothing more to add here .
sudo aptitude install choqok
Blogging
I am a fan of blogging client which allows me to blog even when am offline and publish my post when connected .
Blogilo allows me to do this and much more .
You might want to check out a review of the app I did I while back
sudo aptitude install blogilo
IRC Client
Kubuntu ships by default Quassel IRC client .
Which is a pretty decent IRC client , but I was never able to find my way round it .
For IRC I use Konversation which I find much easier to use and less cluttered compared to Quassel .
Konversation has the following features
Standard IRC features
SSL server support
Bookmarking support
Easy to use graphical user interface
Multiple servers and channels in one single window
DCC file transfer
Multiple identities for different servers
Text decorations and colors
OnScreen Display for notifications
Automatic UTF - 8 detection
Per channel encoding support
Theme support for nick icons
Highly configurable
sudo aptitude install konversation
Packge Management
Kubuntu ships with Kpackagekit as package manager .
Which is pretty decent but feels very incomplete and can be quite unstable compared to Synaptic .
So I just go ahead and install synaptic
sudo aptitude -- without - recommends install synaptic
Note :
The “ –without - recommends ” ensure that only the basic needed dependencies are installed with synaptic .
I use this options anytime I am installing a gtk app .
It helps to slim down the bloat so I get just what I need .
Other Apps I use on Kubuntu
Video Player = Vlc
Note Taking = Zim
Email = Thunderbird
The above applications are very popular and can be easily installed from the package manager .
My Kubuntu Tweaks and Customizations
Here is where I share some of the little tweaks and customization I did to the Out of the Box Kubuntu to make it further meet my everyday use case .
How to make gtk apps running as root not look like A**
One major grip I have with the gtk toolkit is how gtk apps always look like some win95 era app when used outside of a non gtk enviroment .
Thankfully the Kubuntu theme have done a good job Integrating it with Qtcurve which helps give gtk apps a kdish look and feel .
Unfortunately gtk apps which are run as root are n’t covered and still always look like s**t .
Hence if you run synaptic on KDE what you get is a tool that is so ugly it hurts .
My Walk around this was to install the gtk- chtheme package
sudo aptitude install gtk-chtheme
Once installed alt + F2 and run the following from krunner .
kdesudo gtk-chtheme
The way I got it to work was to first select the “ Releigh ” Then select “ QtCurve ” you can also choose a fonts .
Once done remember to click “ ok ”
When you start synaptic again it should look much better .
Setting up Window Share
For some reason the process for setting up a samba network share on Kubuntu is not as straight forward as it is on Ubuntu .
Ideally
If I want share a folder I should right click on it go to properties –> share tab and click configure sharing .
Then the system asks me for my password and tells me it needs to install some packages before it can proceed , I say yes it installs the packages and my Samba share is done .
Well the situation is quite different on Kubuntu .
When I get to the part where I am suppose to share my folder , it asks me for my password and then nothing happens no error message , no sharing no feedback on what failed , everthing just seems normal except the fact folder is also not shared .
I did some digging and found that I had to install the following packages
sudo aptitude install samba kdenetwork - filesharing
Once Installed , sharing any Folder via samba becomes a matter of point and click ™.
Repeated Button actions
There is a minor annoyance with the repeated button actions .
e.g things using the volume key on your laptop for volume control or the multimedia keys to control amarok always skip two step forward or backwords .
Fortunately the fix to this problem is very easy .
Start kde Systemsettings and go to keyboad and mouse under the general tab .
You would see the “ enable keyboard repeat ” already checked .
Uncheckit and click apply .
Then check it again and click apply .
Doing this Surprisingly that solved the problem for me .
Font Setup
Finally
IMHO Kubuntu is the best Kde Distro I have tried .
It very close to the kde upstream and provide a solid Ubuntu base for stability .
It really not easy getting a compilation of everything I did to customize my Kubuntu to suit my everyday needs , probably left out somethings .
If you have some tips or recommendation of your own please share .
I hope someone out there find this useful .
An Army intelligence analyst suspected of leaking classified information to Wikileaks has still not been charged with any crime , three weeks after being arrested and put in pre-trial confinement .
PFC Bradley Manning , 22 , is being held at Camp Arifjan in Kuwait , and has been assigned a military defense attorney .
The Army and State Department are investigating claims Manning made to an ex-hacker in online chats that he disclosed classified information .
An Army legal advisor in Washington , D.C. , says the delay in filing charges is unusual but is not a violation of regulations .
" I think if you were able to make a timeline of all the cases , [ three weeks ] would be at the high end , " said Lt. Col .
Chris Carrier , chief of the policy branch of the criminal law division in the Judge Advocate General 's office ( JAG ) in Washington , D.C .
Carrier , who has no direct knowledge of the Manning case , said the military is required to produce a charge sheet " in a timely fashion , " but the complexity of this case may be causing the delay .
" It strikes me that this [ case ] may be relatively complicated in terms of obtaining , handling , managing the evidence and explaining things , " he said .
" They have to figure out what they 're dealing with . "
Beyond the complex nature of the case , there may be other reasons for not jumping to charge Manning too quickly .
In 2004 , the Army accused a military Muslim chaplain named James
Yee of espionage and sedition after investigators found a document in his possession that listed the names of Guantanamo detainees and interrogators – information deemed classified at the time .
The military formally charged Yee with mishandling classified information , but later dropped those charges , claiming a trial would reveal sensitive information .
Critics suspected the real reason was lack of evidence .
In Manning 's case , in his chats with former hacker Adrian Lamo last month Manning described a crisis of conscience that led him to leak a headline - making video that Wikileaks published in April .
The video depicted a deadly 2007 U.S. helicopter air strike in Baghdad that claimed the lives of several innocent civilians .
Manning also boasted of leaking a separate video to Wikileaks showing the notorious 2009 Garani air strike in Afghanistan , a classified Army document evaluating Wikileaks as a security threat , a detailed Army chronology of events in the Iraq war and a database of 260,000 classified U.S. diplomatic cables .
Lamo tipped off Army investigators to Manning 's claims , prompting the soldier 's arrest at the end of May in Iraq , where he was deployed .
Now investigators are searching for evidence to determine if his claims were true .
On Friday , a State Department spokesman said Manning 's computer hard drives had been sent from Iraq to Washington for forensic examination .
Lamo said he met with Army and State Department investigators for 12 hours in California on Sunday to give a sworn statement , and that he also provided investigators with his computer hard drives .
He said investigators gave him assurances in writing that information on his drives would not be used against any targets other than Manning – such as other hackers who might have had contact with Lamo .
Lamo said paperwork that investigators gave him to sign indicated that Manning was under investigation for possible violations of three federal criminal laws : unauthorized disclosure of classified information , espionage and the anti-hacking Computer Fraud and Abuse Act .
Any trial , regardless of whether the charges involve federal statutes or military codes , would unfold in a military court , not a civilian criminal court , said Carrier .
It would be " highly unusual , " he said , for the Justice Department to be involved in the prosecution .
" Certainly somebody [ from Justice ] might provide advice , " he said , " but as far as [ being ] on the actual prosecution team , I do n’t know that I ’ve ever seen that . "
Carrier also said that the local military jurisdiction would be in charge of the case , and that there is great sensitivity about interference from military personnel outside that jurisdiction .
That means investigators and prosecutors in Iraq would be calling the shots .
" So here in Washington , certainly people are interested in what ’s going on , and there is some information passed up the chain , but ... people in Washington are not going to be calling up and telling them what to do or managing this from afar , " said Carrier .
Carrier said that pre-trial confinements are not very common , since most cases involve less serious allegations .
But when they do arise , there are a number of procedures for a local jurisdiction to follow .
Under the rules for military judicial proceedings , a soldier ’s company , battalion or brigade commander can order his pre-trial confinement , based on information provided by Army Criminal Investigation Division officers or other investigators .
Generally , a probable - cause review must be conducted within 48 hours to determine if the reasons for confinement are valid , said Carrier .
The informal review is conducted between the commander who ordered the confinement , the JAG officer representing the government , the defense counsel and a " neutral and detached " officer .
If the confinement was ordered by someone other than the soldier ’s immediate commander , the soldier has the right to also have his commanding officer review the information within 72 hours to determine that his confinement is appropriate .
A military magistrate who is independent of the soldier ’s command must then conduct a more formal review within seven days of the start of the confinement to determine if the soldier should continue to be held .
According to Army spokesman Lt. Col. Eric Bloom , Manning had this latter review on May 30 , and the military magistrate determined that " continued pretrial confinement was warranted . "
Once prosecutors have finished gathering evidence , a military court will hold a hearing to determine if the case should proceed to a court martial .
The so - called Article 32 hearing involves a judge , prosecutors and defense counsel .
If the case involving Manning proceeds to trial , it 's unclear where the proceedings will occur .
Lamo said officials have not told him where a trial would be held .
Carrier said that generally a court martial is held where the soldier 's unit is based .
Manning 's unit is currently in Iraq .
But the 10th Mountain Division , in which Manning serves , is headquartered at Ft. Drumm in New York , which could also become a venue for trial if Manning 's attorney were to argue that his defense could be more easily conducted in the United States , where witnesses ( such as Lamo ) live .
Manning 's friend Tyler Watkins , who could also be called as a witness , is in Massachusetts .
Last April , according to Watkins , Manning indicated to Watkins that he was responsible for leaking the Iraq helicopter video to Wikileaks .
Although Manning was deployed at Forward Operating Base Hammer near Baghdad , Iraq , he 's been confined in Kuwait because that 's where the detention facility is for the U.S. Central Command , Carrier said .
Detention facilities in Iraq are for prisoners of war , he said , and military prisoners cannot be confined with them or with foreign nationals .
Although Manning was assigned a military lawyer at the time he was detained , he can opt to hire a civilian defense attorney at any point .
Wikileaks has claimed in an e-mail to Lamo and in e-mail to supporters that it has commissioned a defense team for Manning , although the organization has not acknowledged Manning was a source .
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange said in a fundraising plea this week that he needed donations to cover the unspecified cost of " flying a legal team to Kuwait . "
Assange 's move to defend Manning was regarded with curiosity by some members of the media who were scheduled to appear on a journalism panel with him last Friday in Las Vegas , before Assange canceled due to " security concerns . "
" There is this question of , is he , by offering to defend the source , acknowledging the source ? " asked panelist Rhonda Schwartz , senior investigative producer for ABC News , about Assange ’s fundraising appeal .
" And does he make it worse [ for Manning ] ? "
An Army representative did not indicate whether Manning had retained civilian counsel , but said on Wednesday in an e-mail that Capt .
Paul Bouchard , senior defense counsel at Camp Liberty in Iraq , was still Manning ’s attorney of record .
Manning ’s family members have not responded to calls seeking comment about the matter .
Bouchard would not answer questions and referred inquiries back to the Army 's public affairs office .
Any attorney representing Manning might need to have a security clearance , if evidence in the case contains classified information .
The attorney would also be required to agree not to pass classified information to Wikileaks or anyone else , Carrier said .
To safeguard such information , the attorney might be allowed to inspect classified evidence only in a secure room , but not be given copies of the evidence .
Information could also be provided in such a way that " its disclosure would be recognizable , " Carrier said .
Should the case proceed to trial and Manning be convicted , it 's unclear what kind of sentence would be handed down .
In 2007 , former Navy lawyer Lt. Cmdr. Matthew Diaz was court - martialed for providing classified information to an unauthorized party .
While stationed at Guantanamo Bay , Diaz mailed a 39 - page document that contained the names and details of detainees being held at the camp to the Center for Constitutional Rights , which was suing the government to have the names of the secret detainees disclosed .
Diaz was sentenced to six months in the Navy brig for his leak .
Manning , however , is potentially facing more serious charges if prosecutors find evidence that he did indeed leak 260,000 classified cables to Wikileaks .
See also :
The " Humble Indie Bundle , " a pay - what - you - want deal that lets you snag a handful of indie computer games for one low price , just got a little sweeter .
If you pause the Humble Indie Bundle promotional video at the 1:17 mark , you 'll find a hidden promise to release the source code for Gish , Penumbra and Legaru if gamers contribute a total of $ 1 million in sales by the time the deal closes in the next 21 hours .
Will it happen ?
The Humble Indie Bundle has already raised over $ 773,000 as of this writing .
The deal lets gamers name their price on a download package of DRM - free games for PC , Mac or Linux that also includes World of Goo , Aquaria , then decide whether the money goes to Child 's Play , the EFF , the indie gamemakers , or all of the above .
On Monday , Amanita Design added its eye - popping game Samorost 2 ( pictured above ) to the Humble Indie Bundle .
Anybody who already bought the bundle can now download the full version of Samorost 2 as part of his initial purchase .
Image courtesy Amanita Design
See Also :
How To Fix Anything
Another good way to solve any problem is to give it to Raf .
Alt - Text : ' Well would you look at that ?
It works now ...
And all I had to do was plug it in . '
David Silva , the Spain international midfielder , has had a change of mind about moving to England and is deliberating whether to choose Manchester City or Chelsea amid firm interest from both clubs .
Silva 's reluctance to leave Spain was described as unflinching when City opened formal talks with Valencia at the end of last season but the player has gradually come round to the idea of playing in the Premier League , not least because of the realisation that Real Madrid 's new manager , José Mourinho , is not keen on recruiting him .
Barcelona also have other targets , having already signed David Villa from Valencia , and Silva is now left with a choice of remaining at Valencia or moving to England .
His representatives have informed Valencia in the last 48 hours that he would like to take the option of a transfer .
That now boils down to a straight choice between City or Chelsea depending on a financial arrangement being agreed with his current club .
That , however , is proving far from straightforward , with Valencia asking around € 40 m ( £ 33.2 m ) , a fee that is considered exorbitant at Eastlands and Stamford Bridge .
City were the first club to register an official interest in the 24 - year - old and have the financial power to offer more than Chelsea in terms of both the transfer fee and the player 's salary , which currently stands at £ 3 m a year and could easily be doubled if he were to join Roberto Mancini 's team .
Chelsea , however , have the lure of playing in the Champions League next season and of joining a club that has just deposed Manchester United as champions .
Silva is described as open - minded but it is understood he marginally favours Chelsea on the basis that City 's reputation in Spain is not yet of one of Europe 's more powerful clubs , at least not in football terms .
The likelihood is that he will wait until after the World Cup in case a good tournament persuades Madrid or Barcelona to look into his availability .
City 's pursuit of Silva partly originates from their knowledge that two of their more creative players , Robinho and Stephen Ireland , both want to leave the club this summer .
Robinho , one of Brazil 's more impressive players in the 2 - 1 defeat of North Korea , has made it clear he does not want to return to Manchester when his loan arrangement with Santos expires on 4 August and his representatives are due to meet the City chief executive , Garry Cook , to make that official .
That meeting was due to take place today but will now be held next week .
Reporters Without Borders is disturbed to learn that Eircom , one of Ireland ’s main Internet Service Providers , has become the first ISP in Europe to voluntarily introduce a “ graduated response ” procedure under which clients who download music illegally could end up losing their Internet connection .
Announced on 24 May , the decision was motivated by business concerns and lacks any legal legitimacy .
It is the result of an agreement between Eircom and the Irish Recorded Music Association ( IRMA ) , which represents 55 music industry companies including Sony , Universal , EMI and Warner .
“ The current tendency is to put Internet Service Providers at the centre of efforts to combat illegal downloading , ” Reporters Without Borders said .
“ This is also the case with the ACTA , the proposed international treaty against counterfeiting that is currently being discussed .
The disastrous effect of these initiatives is to turn the ISP into an Internet policeman . ”
The press freedom organisation added : “ It is the ISP that , flouting the right of defence and presumption of innocence , arbitrarily decides to interrupt Internet access , which is a fundamental right .
Eircom reluctantly agreed to this pilot project in order to avoid legal sanctions under a lawsuit brought by Irish copyright holders that accused it of failing to take any steps to combat illegal downloading .
” Employing a tracking method developed by DtecNet , the IRMA will identify the IP addresses of people who use Peer to Peer networks ( P2P ) to share copyrighted music online illegally .
The information will then be passed to Eircom , which will then have to identify and contact them .
Once identified , suspected illegal downloaders will be contacted twice by phone , mail or email .
If there is evidence of further illegal downloading , they will be sent a letter .
If they continue again , their Internet service will be suspended for a week .
If they are caught a fourth time , their connection will be suspended for a year .
The Office of the Data Protection Commissioner , which protects online privacy , challenged this procedure before the Dublin high court , but the court ruled that tracking IP addresses was not a violation of the agreement between the ISP and its clients as IP addresses did not constitute personal data .
Defending its decision , Eircom said it was “ committed to helping customers understand the issues surrounding the illegal file sharing of copyrighted music . ”
But it could be commercial suicide for Eircom if other ISPs do not follow suit .
Eircom ’s main rival , UPC , had already taken the position that there was no legal basis for tracking IP addresses and suspending clients ’
Internet access .
On 23 May , a UPC spokesperson confirmed the company ’s refusal to adopt similar measures .
UPC is also being prosecuted by the IRMA and the case is due to be heard on 17 June .
France ’s HADOPI law also envisages a graduated response to illegal downloading but court approval must be obtained before an Internet connection is suspended ( http://en.rsf.org/france-government-pushes-through-spruced-21-09-2009,34538.html ) .
Human eyes can detect the spooky phenomenon of quantum entanglement – but only sometimes , a new study on the physics preprint website arXiv.org claims .
While eyes can help determine if two individual photons were recently entangled , they can't tell if the brighter bunch of photons that actually hit the retina are in this bizarre quantum state .
" In general you think these quantum phenomena that involve only a few particles , they 're really far removed from us .
That is actually not so true anymore , " said physicist Nicolas Brunner of the University of Bristol .
" You could really go to an experiment by just having people look at these photons , and from there really actually see entanglement . "
In an earlier paper , Brunner and colleagues at the University of Geneva in Switzerland sketched out an experiment in which a human observer could replace a standard quantum detector .
This is n't as far - fetched as it sounds , they say , because the eye 's most important job is to be a sensitive photon detector .
The researchers would first prepare two entangled photons – photons whose quantum properties are so intimately linked that one always knows what the other is doing .
When an aspect of one photon 's quantum state is measured , the other photon changes in response , even when the two photons are separated by large distances .
The researchers would send one photon to a standard detector and the other to a human observer in a dark room .
The human would see a dim point of light in either the right or left field of view , depending on the photon 's quantum state .
If those flashes of light correlate strongly enough with the output of the ordinary photon detector , then the scientists can conclude that the photons are entangled .
" This is a standard way of measuring and detecting entanglement , " says physicist Nicolas Gisin of the University of Geneva , a coauthor of the new paper .
There 's just one problem : Humans can't see individual photons .
The retina needs at least seven photons to hit it at once before it sends signals to the brain .
Also , 90 percent of photons are lost or scattered on the way through the gelatinous part of the eye to the retina .
These restrictions mean that you need a lot of photons – at least hundreds , preferably thousands – to make a practical human quantum detector .
In 2008 a group in Rome found a way to clone an entangled photon that preserves the entanglement .
If you treat the big bunch of clones as a single quantum state , the entire bunch is entangled with the other original photon , the researchers claimed .
" It 's like having a Schrodinger 's cat , " says Brunner , referring to Erwin Schrodinger 's famous 1935 thought experiment in which a cat in a box has a 50 - 50 chance of living or dying depending on whether a radioactive atom decays .
In this case , the microscopic state of the atom is entangled with the macroscopic state of the cat :
Either the atom decays and the cat is dead , or the atom does n't decay and the cat is alive .
Until someone opens the box , the only way to describe the system is by including both the atom and the cat .
Gisin and colleagues thought this photon - cloning method would be perfect for their human quantum - detector experiments .
All they would have to do is make a few thousand copies of one member of the original entangled photon pair , and send all those copies to the human observer .
But because entanglement is easy to break , the team was unsure if the photons that reach the observer 's eyes would still be entangled with the other photon .
To test this idea , Gisin and colleagues imagined what would happen if instead of cloning the original photon , they made the equivalent of a photocopy .
Like a black - and - white Xerox of a color picture , some information about the original photon would be lost .
Because the copied photons were never entangled with the original , they would still not be entangled when they reached the observer 's eyes .
The researchers compared the theoretical results using photocopied photons and a real quantum cloner , and found that they looked exactly the same .
The human observer would see the same thing , even when the bunch of photons were just Xeroxes that could n't possibly be entangled with the other photon .
The group concluded that human eyes can't see quantum entanglement between a macro- state and a micro-state .
Schrodinger 's cat may well be entangled with the atom , but a human detector can't tell .
But the human eye can reliably tell whether the original two photons were entangled .
That 's still " seeing " entanglement , the authors say .
" Macro - micro is almost out of the question .
But the micro-micro is nice as well , " said study coauthor Christoph Simon of the University of Calgary in Canada .
" You 're bringing the observer a little bit closer to the quantum physics . "
The researchers are now working on ways to perform the experiment in the lab and expect it to be ready within two years .
" The theoretical paper is certainly sound and of good quality , " comments physicist Dirk Bouwmeester of the University of California , Santa Barbara .
But Gisin acknowledges that replacing quantum detectors with eyeballs would not lead to any new applications .
" Why do we do it nevertheless ? " he says .
" We find entanglement fascinating . "
Image : Dezz Dezz / flickr
See Also :
About 3,500 acres of southern Arizona along the Mexican border is closed to U.S. citizens due to increased violence in the region .
The closed off area stretches 80 miles along the border and includes part of the Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge .
It was closed in October 2006 " due to human safety concerns , " the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said Wednesday in response to news reports on the closure .
Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu told Fox News that violence against law enforcement officers and U.S. citizens has increased in the past four months , further underscoring the need to keep the 80 miles of border land off - limits to Americans .
The refuge had been adversely affected by the increase in drug smugglers , illegal activity and surveillance , which made it dangerous for Americans to visit .
" The situation in this zone has reached a point where continued public use of the area is not prudent , " said refuge manager Mitch Ellis .
“ It ’s literally out of control , ” said Babeu .
“ We stood with Senator McCain and literally demanded support for 3,000 soldiers to be deployed to Arizona to get this under control and finally secure our border with Mexico . “
U.S. Fish and Wildlife officials have warned visitors in Arizona to beware of heavily armed drug smugglers and human traffickers .
“ We need support from the federal government .
It ’s their job to secure the border and they have n’t done it , ” said Babeu .
“ In fact , President Obama suspended the construction of the fence and it ’s just simply outrageous . ”
Signs have been posted warning Americans not to cross into the closed off territory south of Interstate 8 .
Babeu said the signs are not enough – he said Arizona needs more resources to help scale back the violence caused by the drug cartels .
“ We need action .
It ’s shameful that we , as the most powerful nation on Earth , … ca n’t even secure our own border and protect our own families . ”
Hi , I 'm Forrest Brown , senior organizing fellow at the Progressive Change Campaign Committee .
The newest Daily Kos-Research 2000 poll shows Bill Halter up 49 - 45 on Blanche Lincoln .
But , as Dkos user jsamuel explained , a major local election official is making it harder for Halter supporters to vote .
Garland County is the most populous county Bill Halter won 3 weeks ago , and could be key to his run-off victory this Tuesday .
But election commissioner Charles Tapp reduced the number of polling places from 42 to 2 .
Can you help fight back ?
We 're working with Halter 's campaign to call thousands of Garland County voters to tell them when / where they can vote -- and we 're pumping up turnout in other parts of the state to make up for any lost votes .
Sign up to call Halter supporters to ensure they vote .
Or if you do n't like making calls , donate $ 3 toward Halter 's " get out the vote " effort in the final hours .
Though it was announced way back in 2008 , we 've seen very little of Ni no Kuni : The Another World .
The game is a collaboration between Level 5 — the developer behind the Professor Layton series and the upcoming Dragon Quest IX — and Studio Ghibli — the renowned animation studio behind classic films like Spirited Away and My Neighbor Totoro .
But now we finally have some footage of the PlayStation 3 version of the game in action .
And it looks incredible .
The trailer is gorgeous and looks remarkably like a playable Ghibli film .
At the 0:46 second mark there 's a direct comparison between an animated sequence and in - game footage , and there does n't seem to be much of a difference .
The video also shows off some of the varied monster designs , as well as the overworld and what look to be turn - based battles .
The PS3 version of the game is set to hit Japan next year , while the DS edition is expected to be released this December .
No word yet on a release for the rest of the world .
A construction worker poses for a photo as part of Maloney & Porcelli 's new ad campaign .
The caption of the ad reads : “ Before I started digging in front of Maloney & Porcelli , I did n't know I could dig with such fervor . "
View Full Caption Maloney & Porcelli
By Jordan Heller and Olivia Scheck
DNAinfo Staff
MANHATTAN — MTA construction workers may be despised on Second Avenue , but a steakhouse on E. 50th Street has decided to show the much maligned laborers some love — in the hope the owners will get something in return .
Maloney & Porcelli Steakhouse is offering the MTA work crews digging up the street in front of their location on E. 50th Street , between Park and Madison avenues , an incentive to make their deadlines : free booze and free steak .
Every time the construction workers meets a deadline for installing a ventilation system for the extension of the LIRR to Grand Central , the restaurant will offer up an open bar .
If the crew finishes the job by the November target , every worker gets a free steak dinner , along with all they can drink for the night .
Images from Maloney and Porcelli's new ad campaign .
Below the above images , the text reads : " There 's construction on our block .
We 're offering free booze to speed it up .
View Full Caption Courtesy of Maloney and Porcelli
" We just knew we had construction coming and we wanted to come up with a way to get the neighborhood involved and to incentivize the workers to work as hard as they could , " Allison Good , a spokeswoman for the restaurant , told DNAinfo .
The restaurant has also set up a page on its website that features a live cam of the construction site and a countdown to the next open bar ( provided the crews lay down the foundation on time ) .
People can also sign up to join the crew at its open bar night .
" Around 400 people signed up this morning , " Good said on Tuesday .
The steakhouse is also running ads at local telephone kiosks , which feature construction workers touting the restaurant .
" Digging in front of Maloney & Porcelli has ignited in me a passion I did n’t know I had , " one worker featured in the ad is quoted as saying .
The murders of three women working as prostitutes in Bradford appear on several of Thursday 's front pages .
" Terror stalks Ripper 's city " , reads the Daily Mail 's headline , a reference to the fact that Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe killed there in the 1970s .
The Daily Express says sex workers in Bradford are now " living in fear " .
The Sun leads on the arrest of a 40 - year - old man in connection with the murders .
He is said to be a PhD student studying criminology .
Nest eggs scrambled ?
The leader writers of several papers unite to ask the government to rethink moves to increase capital gains tax .
The Times claims the plan has led to " a sense of injustice among those who have diligently salted away nest eggs in readiness for retirement " .
The Daily Telegraph says Labour removed tax relief for pensioners in 1997 , hitting those facing retirement hard .
" We trust George Osborne , who has made a sure - footed start , will not make the same mistake , " it adds .
Apple investigates
As violence continues in Jamaica , the Guardian says drug dealing is " the only avenue of social mobility " there .
While the authorities may catch kingpin Christopher Coke , they cannot ignore the " degraded social landscape " which produced him , the paper adds .
" A gadget to die for ? " is the Independent headline , referring to the Apple iPad and claims of suicides among the Chinese workers making it .
It reports that the company has said it is " saddened " and will investigate .
' Ash cloud '
The end of Cheryl and Ashley Cole 's marriage occupies Thursday 's tabloids .
" Call me Tweedy - Cheryl will use maiden name to end Ashley links " , claims the Daily Mirror .
Columnist Polly Hudson thinks " Chezza rules " for refusing to stake a claim for the footballer 's future earnings in their divorce settlement .
" Ash cloud lifted " , reports the Sun .
The paper says Cheryl visited the dentist on Wednesday - but it's the pain of Ashley she really wants to " extract " .
It ’s been a defensive - minded World Cup so far .
At the end of the group stage , the most common number of goals per game has been … one .
31 of the 48 games have seen two goals or less , whilst only three games have seen five or more goals .
Perhaps this is expected , considering the disappointment about the lack of goals .
The surprise ?
The only team to have won more than one game by the score of 1 - 0 is Chile , widely regarded as the most attacking side in the competition …
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
TOYOTA CITY , Japan 
For years , the combined salaries of the president of Toyota Motor and the 38 members of its board have been smaller than the single salary of some top executives at car makers in the United States and elsewhere .
On Thursday , it was announced here , that disparity grew even greater .
At its annual shareholders ’ conference , Toyota disclosed that it had docked the pay of its top management by 10 percent to help atone for the company ’s recent safety problems , which have led to the recalls of more than nine million vehicles worldwide .
The president , Akio Toyoda , and other top executives also forfeited bonuses for the second consecutive year .
Mr. Toyoda , who took the helm of the automaker a year ago , was contrite at the gathering , the first meeting of shareholders since Toyota ’s slow handling of the recalls thrust the company into crisis and led to financial penalties levied by the United States government .
“ I would like to apologize once again for all the worries we have caused our shareholders , ” Mr. Toyoda , grandson of the automaker ’s founder , said to the more than 3,000 shareholders who made the trip to Toyota ’s headquarters here .
FACEBOOK wants access to Australia 's sex offender registers to help it keep pedophiles and sex predators off its social networking site .
And Victorian Police Minister Bob Cameron says he is happy to discuss the idea , sending departmental officials to meet Facebook .
" I have asked my department to meet online social networking representatives to ensure that this issue is addressed , " he said .
" I have asked my department to undertake work , including proposals for a national ban on child sex offenders accessing social networking sites where they can contact children . "
Social networking giant Facebook , which has eight million Australian accounts among its 400 million accounts worldwide , is not actively lobbying for access to the sex offenders registers , which are held by each Australian state .
But in the US and parts of Canada , it is given access to the data on the sex offender registers and uses that information to track down sex offenders , disable their sites and ban them from opening new accounts .
Facebook 's chief security officer Joe Sullivan said his company would co-operate with Australian authorities .
" We would welcome consideration of ways in which information about registered sex offenders can be securely shared with social networks - a model , widely deployed by the US States Attorney Generals , which has effectively removed dangerous individuals from access to such services , " Mr Sullivan said .
Like most social networking sites , Facebook prohibits sex offenders from using its site , but without access to data on the sex offenders register , has to rely on its investigations and reports from other users to hunt down the predators .
Mr Cameron said he would raise the issue at the next Australian Police Ministers Council in the discussion on cyber crime .
Last month , the Victorian Government made it a requirement for sex offenders to provide police with all details of internet usage .
But after the Sunday Herald Sun revealed details of an intellectually - disabled sex offender using Facebook to look for women , Mr Cameron indicated he was prepared to look at further co-operation with Facebook .
The sex offender , who , after 11 years of detention , was released last month for court - ordered treatment , changed his name after the Sunday Herald Sun 's story and is now calling himself " Billy Wang " .
Last week , the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs , led by Senator Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) became the subject of some debate when news spread that it was calling for a so - called " internet kill switch " which would give the President the power to shut down the whole darn thing in a state of emergency .
Apparently , however , nobody bothered to do any research into the topic until very recently -- and of course , the truth is far more complicated than a horrifying phrase like " internet kill switch . "
Because as it turns out , according to the 1934 Communications
Act ( which is still in effect today ) , the President already has the power to shut down any and all telecommunications systems in situations he or she deems it necessary for national security , and Lieberman 's call was for a reassessment of the Act .
So what are Lieberman 's evil plans for the 'net ?
His proposal , S. 3480 , is a far more subtle document than the original act , which essentially says " hey , do whatever you have to do , man , " and calls for the designation of cyberspace as a ' national asset . '
It asks for the private owners of critical infrastructure to develop risk assessment plans , and plans to mitigate that risk , in conjunction with the Department of Homeland Security .
There are also several recommended procedures called for in the event of an emergency , but none of them have anything to do with a mechanism to shut anything down , and the director would be expressly prohibited from requiring owners to use any specific mechanism .
So ... the exact opposite of a kill switch .
Also , it 's worthwhile to note that the entire proposition calls for these changes to be developed by the private sector itself , rather than imposed on it .
Kind of makes the story a little less interesting , that 's for sure .
Hit up the source -- Talking Points Memo -- for a far more detailed , insightful account of what 's actually going down .
New Zealand hardly seem to be taking the World Cup seriously , even if they do meet Slovakia tomorrow in their opening match .
The tone of the manager , Ricki Herbert , and his captain , Ryan Nelsen , who also wears the armband for Blackburn Rovers , was today one of almost unflagging jocularity .
There may have been just one breach in the bonhomie when the calibre of the squad was discussed .
Herbert was moved to point out that his team had beaten Serbia 1 - 0 a couple of weeks ago in a friendly played in Austria .
It was not the losers ' best line - up but 10,000 supporters in Klagenfurt declined to take that into account .
Fireworks were thrown and spectators were fighting with the stewards until the centre - half Nemanja Vidic took a microphone and pleaded for order .
" We have been competitive right across the board , " said the manager .
At all other times yesterday , Herbert stuck to being light - hearted .
No one assumes that New Zealand will have an impact in South Africa , yet insouciance is an asset when other sides are so overwrought .
While this is a nation whose sole appearance at the World Cup until now came in 1982 , Nelsen , who was four years old at the time , has been doing his research and was well - informed on the subject of Herbert , who was in that line - up .
The tournament cannot have been a complete disaster , even if all three games were lost , because Herbert , a defender , signed for Wolverhampton Wanderers a couple of years later .
Nelsen 's delving into his boss 's presence in Spain 28 years ago is not a model of conventional sports scholarship .
" Ridiculous haircuts , " he declared .
" Herbert was No1 .
He had a horrible perm . "
Any thought that a transformation has occurred is abandoned after a glance at Fifa rankings that shows them to be 78th in the world , just below Wales .
The manager still works hard to insist that his country has status and that national pride was accompanied by some light comedy .
Brazil beat the Kiwis 4 - 0 in 1982 and afterwards Herbert exchanged shirts with the great midfielder Sócrates .
Herbert confirmed the top hangs on the wall in his house , but swiftly added , " Hopefully Sócrates has still got mine . "
Nothing interrupted the fun for too long .
Nelsen scoffed at a proposal that his team should adopt an All Blacks ritual .
" Skinny white guys doing the haka , " he mused .
" Very intimidating . "
Persistence is as much as he and his team - mates would claim for themselves .
With Australia taking part in the Asia qualifiers , New Zealand busied themselves in the Oceania section and despite a loss to Fiji , they advanced to a two - legged play - off with Bahrain that was settled by a single goal , from Rory Fallon .
The Plymouth Argyle attacker joins Chris Killen , of Middlesbrough , Ipswich 's Tommy Smith and Nelsen as squad members from the English scene .
It does not look as if New Zealand have the means to unsettle Italy , Paraguay or , possibly , Slovakia .
Their advantage lies in putting themselves at ease .
Take Nelsen on the vuvuzela issue : " If we can't hear [ Herbert ] it 's a blessing . "
Oddly , the best movie versions of Thompson so far have been by directors who are European : “ The Grifters , ” directed in 1990 by Stephen Frears , an Englishman , and the Frenchman Bertrand Tavernier ’s 1981 film “ Coup de Torchon , ” an adaptation of the novel “ Pop. 1280 , ” which many people , including Donald Westlake ( who wrote the screenplay for “ The Grifters ” ) , consider by far the greatest of the Thompson movies .
Now Michael Winterbottom , another Englishman , hopes to join the list with his new version of “ The Killer Inside Me , ” which stars Casey Affleck , Jessica Alba and Kate Hudson and opens in theaters on June 18 , as well as on video on demand .
Image Credit ...
ReadInk
Kubrick called “ The Killer Inside Me , ” which came out in 1952 , “ probably the most chilling and believable first - person story of a criminally warped mind I have ever encountered . ”
The book is arguably Thompson ’s best and embodies many of the difficulties entailed in translating his work to the screen .
It ’s the story of Lou Ford , a deputy sheriff in a small Texas town , seemingly bland and ineffectual , who turns out to be a compulsive and heartless killer .
So , to begin with , there are scenes of creepy violence , including a famous passage , describing the murder of a prostitute , that begins : “ I backed her against the wall , slugging , and it was like pounding a pumpkin .
Hard , then everything giving away at once . ”
Like many Thompson novels “ The Killer Inside Me ” is told in the first person , and the reader eventually discovers that Lou is himself dead : he ’s speaking to the reader from beyond the grave , as it were , and his narrative voice is as seductive and elusive as the one he uses to sweet - talk his victims .
How can we believe a word he says ?
Robert Polito , Thompson ’s biographer , explained in an interview : “ Thompson is n’t like the writers he ’s often compared to .
He ’s not like Hammett , Chandler , Cain .
The books are n’t realistic .
They ’re much closer to phantasmagoria . ”
Mr. Tavernier suggested recently that one reason Europeans make better Thompson movies is that they regard him as a serious , literary author , not just a pulp writer .
Speaking from Cannes , where he was promoting his new film , “ La Princesse de Montpensier , ” he said : “ There ’s a metaphysical element in Thompson , and Americans always leave that out .
They take out everything that makes the books great : the dialogue , the great humor .
I see him more as a writer like Alfred Jarry , Henry Miller , Celine . ”
crime , and since it was easier to confess than deny it and die , Ivan Denisovich " confessed " to " high treason " and received a sentence of 10 years in a Siberian labor camp . … ( more One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich brilliantly portrays a single day , any day , in the life of a single Russian soldier who was captured by the Germans in 1945 and who managed to escape a few days later .
Along with millions of others , this soldier was charged with some sort of political
In an annual report for Germany 's internal security agency , an increase in left - wing violence and the need for increased vigilance to guard against industrial espionage were listed as the biggest threats to democracy in Germany .
The report was presented on Monday by Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere , along with Heinz Fromm , head of the agency .
In a statement , de Maiziere said that the threat of industrial espionage was of particular concern to the German government .
De Maiziere presented the annual report on Monday
De Maiziere called on companies to work together with the government to ensure they were taking the proper steps to guard against competitors ' prying eyes .
" The effectiveness of these measures depends in a large part on the willingness of the companies to constructively implement them , " said de Maiziere .
" Small and medium sized companies do n't often have enough awareness of the danger . "
Protecting German innovation
Indeed , awareness is a large part of the problem .
Larger companies often have a full time staff devoted to securing their company 's activities from prying eyes .
But according to Heinz Shulte , editor of the Griephan Global Security magazine which covers security management issues , smaller companies often lack an effective security department and might not realize that someone from outside the company - or even outside the country - might take an interest in what they work on .
" If you sit somewhere and you build , for example , something like a subcomponent for a complex aerospace system , " Schulte told Deutsche Welle , " you 're not necessarily aware that that is the key component that a competitor in another country might be interested in . "
The problem is not new , but as Schulte points out , the German government has now taken the extra step of naming specific countries such as Russia or China that are known to engage in industrial espionage .
" One feels that there is a slight increase in activities that have been detected , " said Schulte , " and that has probably to do with the awareness of particularly medium - sized companies that they understand they are under threat and there 's a lot of know - how these countries are interested in . "
The report says that companies dealing with innovative technology are often targets for economic spies and it is thus is especially important for such companies to protect themselves - and the German innovations they are working on - from being compromised .
Left - wing violence rises
Another area of concern highlighted by de Maiziere was the rise of left - wing crime in 2009 .
Figures released in the report indicate a rise in the number of violent crimes , with around 1,100 cases of extreme left - wing violent crime last year compared to about 700 cases in 2008 .
Left - wing demonstrations are increasingly turning violent , as this one did on May 1 , 2010
De Maiziere pointed to examples of May Day protests last year in Berlin and a series of ' action weeks ' in June of 2009 that turned violent as an example of the rise in left - wing extremism .
To counteract the growth of left - wing extremism , de Maiziere said the government intended to take steps to get the situation under control .
This included identifying leading figures in left - wing organizations and uncovering their means of communication .
The report showed that the number of right - wing extremists had remained stable in 2009 .
Author : Matt Zuvela
Editor : Michael Lawton
- video encodings still in process -
They were so clever to film it and post it on the internet :-)
RADICAL RESISTANCE
In one of the boldest acts of civil disobedience of late , a group of Native American , Mexican - American , and white activists occupied U.S. Border Patrol offices at Tucson 's Davis - Monthan Air Force Base on May 21 , locking themselves around a pillar in a lobby that was soon filled with shocked Border Patrol agents .
Six of the demonstrators bound themselves together using pieces of PVC pipe around their arms and u-shaped bicycle locks around their necks .
A banner was hoisted in front of the lobby 's desk reading " Stop Militarization on Indigenous Lands Now . "
Info The Bird
The protesters had decorated the PVC with slogans such as , " No Militarization of the Border , " and " Stop SB 1070 . "
They chanted , sang songs , prayed , and even did freestyle raps , as befuddled BP agents tried to figure out what to do with them .
" It 's very empowering to be in a room with 30 officers and know they can't do shit to you , " Alex Soto , a Tohono O'odham tribesman and Phoenix group member told me after the action .
" It was definitely going to take some force to get us out of there .
Force they did not want to use . "
Ultimately , the Border Patrol called the Tucson Police Department , and a settlement was negotiated .
The demonstrators agreed to leave after 3 1/2 hours .
They were arrested , cited for trespassing and disorderly conduct , then released .
Soto , who 's working on a degree in American Indian studies at ASU , is originally from Sells , the O'odham Nation 's capital , where much of his family still lives .
He said this act of " peaceful resistance " was meant to broaden the debate over what 's been going on in Arizona in the wake of Governor Jan Brewer 's signing Sand Land 's new " papers , please " legislation .
" It 's not just about one bill or one sheriff , " Soto told me , making reference to Sheriff Joe Arpaio .
" Our voices are always being marginalized .
So we felt the need to take action . "
The occupation of the Border Patrol HQ was meant as a challenge not only to Secretary Janet Napolitano 's Department of Homeland Security , of which the Border Patrol is a part , but also to the immigration - reform movement itself .
Soto decried what he insists is a trade - off that reform activists are willing to make : increased border security and a border wall in return for a pathway to citizenship for the estimated 12 million undocumented residing in the United States .
" We want no walls , no racist , colonial laws that affect people of color , people who come here out of forced migration because of [ economics ] , " he said .
The 24 - year - old aspiring hip - hop artist also questioned the Border Patrol 's heavy hand on the O'odham Nation , where thousands of migrants cross regularly , and where Border Patrol agents — with their checkpoints in and out of the reservation and their seemingly ever - present vehicles — make O'odham tribal land resemble a police state .
" How are we a sovereign nation when we have an occupying army patrolling our lands , while we 're just trying to live ? " wondered Soto .
That 's a good question , one with no ready answer .
I would also note that it 's highly ironic that an agency such as the Border Patrol , which supposedly guards the 2,000 - mile U.S. - Mexico border using barriers , helicopters , nighttime cameras , and watchtowers has little or no security vetting access to their own offices on a freaking U.S. Air Force base .
ARIZONA BRUSH FIRE
" Hopefully what we did will inspire other O'odhams and other races to take action , " said Alex Soto .
I have no doubt that it will .
Indeed , in the wake of SB 1070 , the recent ban on ethnic studies , and the declared intent of state Senator Russell Pearce to push the Legislature to deny birth certificates to American - citizen children born to undocumented parents , a brush fire of pro-immigrant activism has swept the state .
On May 17 , four students pushing for the DREAM
Act were arrested after a sit - down strike in the Tucson offices of U.S. Senator John McCain .
The DREAM
Act is proposed federal legislation that would allow undocumented students brought to this country as kids to normalize their status .
Three of those young activists were undocumented , and they were held by Immigration and Customs Enforcement after hearings before a judge in Tucson .
ICE later released them on their own recognizance , but they now face deportation hearings .
Though the three came here from other states , they have vowed to remain in Arizona to organize and agitate on behalf of the DREAM Act .
Fifteen students were arrested days earlier , also in Tucson , in a protest over a ban on classes that promote " ethnic solidarity . "
The ban is the lame brainchild of Arizona Schools Superintendent Tom Horne , who is beating the nativist drum as he seeks to become our state 's next attorney general .
And before that , on April 20 , nine college - age men and women chained themselves to the door of the state Capitol in protest of SB 1070 , forcing Capitol police to use bolt - cutters to free the activists before they were arrested and shipped to the Fourth Avenue Jail for this display of civil disobedience .
One of the Capitol Nine , as they 're now called , was Leilani Clark , a 21 - year - old student at Pima Community College whose defiant expression , radical outlook , and massive hair all combine to remind me of a young Angela Davis , the California history professor and political activist whose face was emblazoned on many a poster during the 1970s .
In a sort of echo of those times , an image of Clark getting arrested is now part of a billboard - size digital work of art that 's being exhibited on the outside wall of Galeria de la Raza , a gallery in San Francisco 's Mission District .
Clark is not Hispanic .
Her father is African - American .
Her mother is Native American .
And she proudly touts herself as the product of the Tucson Unified School District 's ethnic studies program .
The very one Tom Horne 's intent on destroying .
" It 's very deep political consciousness that they give you , " she told me over lunch in Tucson , referring to her ethnic studies .
" So you can see the root factors of things .
" This is not just an immigration problem , it 's an economic problem .
Because all of the people coming up to the U.S. are economic refugees .
They 've lost their work , they 've lost their livelihood down in Mexico because of U.S. trade policies . "
Like many on the left , Clark points an accusing finger at the North American Free Trade Agreement , which critics say has devalued the price of corn in Mexico and helped impoverish many Mexicans , thus forcing them to flee north for work .
The ethnic studies program did not teach her this , per se , rather it taught her how to think critically .
At age 16 , she was already reading Howard Zinn 's influential A People 's History of the Unites States and comparing it to other U.S. histories .
Pretty advanced stuff for a 16 - year - old .
Anglos are not excluded from the classes , according to Clark .
She told me that students read Chicano literature , African - American literature , and Native American literature , among other writings .
" It 's very diverse , " she said .
" And it teaches you to have self - consciousness about other cultures .
A lot of the students end up studying anthropology in higher education . "
It is , in fact , that very diversity and independence of thought that Horne and the racist white Arizona power structure want to eradicate .
Indeed , the Arizona Republican Party , in particular , wants to rip it up by the roots , all in a futile attempt to maintain Arizona as a white man 's state .
I say futile because in 10 or 15 years ' time , young people like Clark will have moved from the barricades to hold positions of influence themselves .
And that terrifies the likes of bigots and opportunists such as Horne , state GOP Chairman Randy Pullen , Russell Pearce , and apparently Jan Brewer , as well as the fearful Caucasian community these leaders represent .
That 's why these politicians are behind a law like 1070 that declares " attrition through enforcement " to be the policy of Arizona .
When I asked Brewer what that meant during her recent press conference with former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin to promote a push - back to the boycott of Arizona , she tried to tell me it was about people coming here " legally . "
Not at all , I shot back .
It 's about pushing people out — legal and illegal , as many brown people as they can get to leave the state as possible .
The bad news for them is that brilliant young men and women such as Clark are not leaving .
They 've opted to stay and fight .
WALKING TALL
" Civil disobedience is the next tactic in the escalation of the immigrant rights movement , " Leilani Clark said .
" We 've exhausted every other resource .
We 've tried to call our senators , set up meetings with the governor .
We 've done our vigils , done our rallies , our prayers .
We 've fasted and marched .
Our voices are not getting heard .
We do n't even count . "
So Sand Landers can expect more civil disobedience , more passive resistance , and more demonstrations as the war over 1070 goes into a new phase .
Unless , perhaps , 1070 is struck down by the courts .
Sigmund Freud had a concept that psychoanalysts call " the return of the repressed , " wherein ideas and elements pushed down into the depths of the unconscious will inevitably reappear .
The anti-SB 1070 march to the Arizona state Capitol from Steele Indian School Park on Saturday , May 29 , will be part of that return .
( Check out www.AltoArizona.com for details . )
So , too , will be the acts of defiance that precede , follow , and accompany the march .
Because the more Arizona 's leaders attempt to suppress the state 's minority population , the greater the reaction will be , both within the state , and from without .
Long before Freud posited his theory , the American romantic poet William Cullen Bryant put it in more spiritual terms , in a passage the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. was fond of quoting :
" Truth , crushed to earth , shall rise again . "
One of the biggest mistakes outsiders make about the gay and lesbian community is assuming that it ’s monolithic and of one mind on every topic .
But , the truth is , you can ask 20 different gays and lesbians about the same issue and , like in every group of human beings , you ’ll find divergent opinions on that topic .
That ’s how we get those odd creatures called “ gay Republicans . ”
We may have our sexual orientation in common , but sometimes little else .
Take the topic of Arizona and its new immigration law which goes into effect next month .
Not all gays and lesbians agree about the law , but the majority of them actually oppose it .
According to a new national survey ( PDF ) released by Harris Interactive , “ a clear majority of 63 % of lesbians , gay men , bisexuals and transgender ( LGBT ) individuals oppose these policies , with 45 % expressing strong opposition . ”
As with other topics centered on social justice , the gay and lesbian community seems to be at odds with their heterosexual counterparts .
As the press release for the poll points out , “ in other national opinion polls , 6 out of 10 ( 60 % ) heterosexual adults who also have seen , read or heard about Arizona ’s forthcoming statute say they support Arizona ’s new immigration policies , with 41 % saying they strongly support these changes . ”
Why the difference ?
It ’s the oppression , silly .
As Bob Witeck , CEO of Witeck - Combs Communications ( one of the co-sponsors of the poll ) explained : “ it ’s not surprising that many LGBT individuals are opposed to many forms of statutory discrimination .
As citizens and consumers , LGBT behaviors mirror these attitudes — tending to favor and choose destinations , products , and services , as well as making political choices that support equal and respectful treatment for all . ”
Through a religious lens , I find this new survey even more interesting .
The strongest support for this new law comes from Republican quarters , where the deeply religious , and mostly Christian , portion of the electorate reside .
A Pew Research Center poll taken last month shows 82 % of Republicans support the new immigration law .
In the gay and lesbian community , to be religious is to be a minority within a minority , so we ca n’t count religion — especially not Christianity — as one of the main influencing factors on the morality of gay and lesbian people .
And yet , it is gays and lesbians who by and large have rejected religion , who are displaying some of the most Christian principles in this matter .
This community of outcasts understands , on a gut level , if not a religious level , that it is good , and just , and moral to welcome the stranger ; to show hospitality , especially to the least of these .
Remind me again how people ca n’t be good without God ?
We have developed content across these industries .
Specialized Blog Services
Learn more about the different niches our writers are experts in .
New Cause For Supernova Explosion Identified
by Staff Writers
Garching , Germany ( SPX ) May 20 , 2010
Supernovae , gigantic stellar explosions , are not only used as cosmic yardsticks by cosmologists , they are also important chemical element factories in our Universe .
So far , astrophysicists know of two physical processes giving rise to these bursts : one is the core collapse of a massive star at the end of its lifetime , the other the thermonuclear detonation of an old white dwarf star .
An international team of researchers , including scientists from the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics , have now identified a third type of these stellar explosions , arising from a helium - rich , old stellar system ( Nature , 20 May 2010 ) .
Depending on certain chemical elements identified in the light of supernovae , these stellar explosions are classified as Type Ia , Ib , Ic or Type II .
As the light curves of Type Ia supernovae are very characteristic and uniform , astronomers use them as " standard " candles in extragalactic astronomy to determine the distance to their host galaxies .
These supernovae are thought to arise when a white dwarf star , the burnt - out remnant of a normal star such as our Sun , approaches the so - called Chandrasekhar limit by accreting material from a binary companion .
The dense core of mainly carbon and oxygen then ignites and releases so much energy that the star explodes as a supernova .
The other process leading to a supernova explosion is the gravitational collapse of the core of massive , short - lived stars at the end of their lifetimes .
Astronomers believe that these are observed as Type Ib /c or Type II supernovae , which are associated with young stellar populations .
Most of the stellar material is ejected due to the enormous amounts of energy released in the explosion , leaving behind a remnant with only a fraction of the initial mass of the star .
In January 2005 , a faint supernova ( SN 2005E ) appeared in the halo of the nearby galaxy NGC 1032 , and an international team of astronomers collected observations of this supernova from telescopes around the world .
Surprisingly , the measurements of the chemical composition and amount of material expelled in the burst fit neither of the two known explosion mechanisms .
The lack of any recent star formation activity near the supernova location and the very small mass ejected in the explosion ( only about one third of the mass of the Sun ) do not agree with an exploding giant star , i.e. , a core collapse origin .
The alternative , an exploding old white dwarf star that had a long time to travel from its star formation birthplace out to the halo , does not agree with the observations either , as the light spectrum indicates a different chemical composition .
The material expelled by the supernova contains a higher fraction of calcium and titanium than any supernova observed so far .
These elements are produced in nuclear reactions involving helium rather than the carbon and oxygen found in the center of white dwarf stars .
Computer models have now shown that the supernova most likely occurred in an interacting system of two close white dwarf stars , where the helium shell of one white dwarf is drawn onto the other one .
" Once the receiving star has accumulated a certain amount , the helium starts to burn explosively , " explains Paolo Mazzali , ( Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics ) who performed the calculations together with David Arnett ( University of Arizona ) .
" The unique processes producing certain chemical elements in these explosions could solve some of the puzzles related to chemical enrichment .
This could , for example , be the main source of titanium . "
The supernova SN 2005E might be only one of a new subset of dim supernovae arising from this distinct physical class of explosions .
Several similar supernova events have been identified in evolved elliptical galaxies , whose light curves , environments and ejected mass are best described by the helium detonation process .
" When we observed SN 2005 E it soon became clear that we were seeing a new type of supernova , " says Hagai Perets ( Weizmann Institute , now at the Center for Astrophysics , Harvard University ) , the lead observer .
" As these kinds of supernovae are relatively faint , they are difficult to detect .
But if they are actually not all that rare , they might provide an answer to some fundamental physics puzzles about the production of chemical elements in the universe . "
Unusual supernovae are a specialty of this astronomer team .
Only a few months ago they reported the first confirmed observation of another very peculiar type of supernova , which does not leave behind any remnant .
Depending on their mass , stars end their lives as white dwarfs , neutron stars or black holes .
Extremely massive stars , however , might disappear completely in the supernova explosion at the end of their lifetime .
In these so - called pair - instability supernovae , energetic light particles are converted into electron - positron pairs , which cannot counteract the gravitational collapse .
The violent contraction triggers a nuclear explosion that rips the star apart completely .
The astronomers identified such a supernova , SN 2007bi , in a nearby dwarf galaxy , and published their findings in the journal Nature in December 2009 .
Does anyone else feel offended by this ?
We " encourage [ local women ] to sell handicrafts " ?
Really ?
Because we 've spent millions of dollars and countless lives so that we we can come up to a woman who 's been through hell and patronizingly tell her to go have a bake sale to make it all better , cause that 's how we do it in the good ole US of A ?
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A Supreme Court decision siding with two imprisoned former corporate executives is another reminder to a U.S. public angered by financial scandals that prosecuting white - collar criminal cases can be a lot tougher than it looks .
Former Enron CEO Jeffrey Skilling ( L ) and attorney Daniel Petrocelli cross the street as they arrive at the Federal court in Houston April 13 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Richard Carson / Files
Federal prosecutors , who have suffered setbacks in the past year in probes stemming from the financial crisis , were dealt a blow on Thursday in two cases that many people thought were long over .
The high court said prosecutors had gone too far in using an “ honest services ” law against convicted former Enron Corp CEO Jeffrey Skilling and ex-media mogul Conrad Black , who both are behind bars for corporate fraud .
The law is a favourite tool in public corruption and corporate cases where there are allegations of bribery and kickbacks .
“ It ’s going to have an impact on essentially all phases of commercial and public life because it affects public officials and it impacts executives , ” said Kelly Kramer , a partner at the law firm Nixon Peabody who focuses on government investigations and white - collar defence .
“ It impacts anybody who has any fiduciary responsibilities , ” Kramer said .
“ It ’s a significant limitation on the government ’s ability to prosecute such cases . ”
Thursday ’s ruling came as President Barack Obama ’s administration has boosted the prosecutorial ranks , partly because of public pressure and expectations that some individuals or corporations should be held accountable for the financial meltdown in which middle - class citizens lost their homes and savings .
During the past two years , the government has prosecuted a host of executives from Wall Street financial advisory firms to small city mortgage lenders and brokers to millionaires charged with avoiding taxes .
LEVERAGE
Thursday ’s unanimous opinion of the nine high court justices does not mean Skilling or Black will be released from prison .
However , it does give them leverage in trying to shorten their sentences in return for not pressing for what would be a costly and time - consuming rehearing of their cases at the trial court level , according to criminal law experts .
Skilling ’s appeal was the third Enron case to reach the high court .
In 2005 , it unanimously overturned former Enron auditor Arthur Anderson LLP ’s obstruction of justice conviction , saying vague jury instructions allowed jurors to convict without finding criminal intent .
Experts said the court ’s ruling on Thursday had left the heart of the honest services statute intact .
“ This is certainly not a huge surprise , ” said Andrew Liepold , a law professor at the University of Illinois in Champaign .
“ The honest services law has been controversial since it was passed 22 years ago . ”
Academics and other lawyers said prosecutors still had other powerful tools in the securities laws that are traditionally available for white - collar cases .
“ The implication is it will be a fairly narrow ruling for Skilling and Black and for future prosecution , ” said Eric Sussman , the Chicago head of white - collar crime defence at the Kaye Scholer law firm .
Sussman said that the Obama administration had to grapple with determining whether there were any crimes committed during the financial meltdown or just mistakes , not how to prosecute those cases .
“ They still are not out of the starting blocks , ” he said .
In the last five weeks , federal prosecutors and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission dropped criminal and civil probes of AIG ’s Financial Products unit and some of its executives over the giant insurer ’s near collapse in 2008 .
The AIG meltdown led to a $ 182 billion government bailout .
Last November , a New York jury acquitted two former Bear Stearns hedge fund managers in a closely watched case brought amid the liquidity crisis in which the investment bank folded and was bought by rival JPMorgan Chase & Co .
One New York white - collar criminal defence lawyer , Glenn Colton of Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal LLP , said he did not believe prosecutions were necessarily becoming more difficult .
“ There is always a re-evaluation and prosecutors are always weighing how to most aggressively do what they think is right in prosecuting and investigating activity versus doing something so aggressive that it risks being deemed illegal or unconstitutional , ” Colton said .
“ Reasonable minds can differ ... and sometimes the judge sides with the defence saying they pushed the envelope too far . ”
( Additional reporting by Tom Hals , Kristin Hays , Caroline Humer and Jim Vicini , editing by Matthew Lewis )
BP containment effort set back as government acknowledges undersea oil plumes
By Hiram Lee
25 June 2010
Efforts by BP to contain the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico continue to be plagued by setbacks and complications .
On Wednesday , BP was forced to remove the cap it had placed over the leaking well earlier this month after an underwater robotic vehicle used to examine the well and perform repairs bumped into the cap causing one of its vents to close .
Engineers stationed on BP ’s Discover Enterprise containment ship realized something was wrong when they discovered gas inside a hose used to send hot water down to the cap to prevent ice crystals from forming inside it .
The Discover Enterprise has been siphoning oil from a riser pipe connected to the cap for several weeks and the appearance of gas in the line threatened the safety of the crew .
Because of this safety threat and the possibility of ice crystals having formed in the cap following the accident , it became necessary to remove and examine it .
The removal of the cap sent massive amounts of oil flowing freely into the Gulf of Mexico for a period of almost ten hours before it was replaced late on Wednesday after eight separate attempts .
According to the latest numbers produced by the US government , oil is flowing from the ocean floor at a rate of 1.47 million to 2.52 million gallons per day .
On Tuesday , BP ’s containment system had collected 700,056 gallons of oil , the most collected in a single day since the cap was first placed over the well .
While the incident on Wednesday sent hundreds of thousands more gallons of oil into the Gulf waters , federal scientists of the Joint Analysis Group ( JAG ) , including researchers from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency , released their first report on subsurface oil contamination .
Analyzing data collected during four expeditions from May 8 to May 25 , the JAG report confirms what independent scientists have been saying all along : underwater plumes of oil extend for several miles beyond the Deepwater Horizon wellhead , a product of both the spill itself and the chemical dispersant used to break up oil in the water .
The report states that , “ The preponderance of evidence based on careful examination of the results from these four different cruises leads us to conclude that [ Deepwater Horizon ] oil exists in subsurface waters near the well site in addition to the oil observed at the sea surface and that this oil appears to be chemically dispersed . ”
“ During the time of these cruises , ” says the report , “ approximately 230,000 gallons of subsea dispersants were used .
If the subsurface oil was successfully dispersed into small droplets , processes can result in oil remaining in subsurface waters , with horizontal transport potentially more than 10 km beyond the well . ”
In spite of a virtual mountain of evidence to the contrary , BP executives have repeatedly denied the existence of subsurface oil plumes .
During a June 9 appearance on NBC’s “ Today Show , ” BP ’s Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles said , “ We have n’t found any large concentrations of oil under the sea .
To my knowledge , no one has . ”
Suttles added , “ It may be down to how you define what a plume is here , but basically , what some people have asked is , are there large concentrations of oil under the sea ?
And those have not been found so far by us or anyone else that ’s measuring this .
The oil that has been found is in very minute quantities . ”
During a June 17 appearance before the House Energy and Commerce committee , BP CEO Tony Hayward was also asked if there were plumes of oil beneath the water ’s surface .
Hayward would only say that “ there are concentrations of oil ” beneath the surface , only some of which he claimed was related to the Deepwater Horizon spill .
Hayward added , “ I ’m not an oceanographic scientist . ”
As the environmental and economic disaster in the Gulf continues to spread , BP is going ahead with a risky drilling project just five miles off the shores of Alaska .
The oil giant has already been granted all the permits necessary to proceed with operations .
Rather than conduct its own regulatory assessment of the project , the Minerals Management Service allowed BP to carry out its own environmental safety review which it unsurprisingly then passed .
In spite of the fact that BP is setting up operations just miles off shore , the Liberty project is not officially recognized an “ offshore drilling ” project and will remain unaffected by any offshore drilling moratoriums .
BP has constructed a 31 - acre artificial island out of gravel on which the drilling rig will be stationed , making it , at least technically , an “ onshore ” operation .
Beginning on the island , BP will drill two miles straight down and then horizontally for as many as eight miles where it will then meet the Liberty oil reservoir at the bottom of the Beaufort Sea .
The reservoir could deliver up to 100 million barrels of oil and hundreds of millions of dollars in profits .
The “ extended reach ” drilling to be carried out on the Liberty project presents a number of dangers .
Extended reach drilling is more prone to high pressure “ kicks ” of gas shooting up from the ocean floor during drilling , which can lead to blowouts .
The enormous undertaking will also mean that BP will use newly designed equipment including more powerful drills made from a new steel alloy manufactured by BP .
The operation will be carried out under the same conditions of secrecy and deregulation under which the Deepwater Horizon disaster has taken place .
A New York hotel is staking its claim to have invented a new hospitality niche – birth tourism .
The Marmara Manhattan offers “ an exclusive package for new mothers that wish to give birth in the USA ” , with the additional bonus of the newborn child gaining US citizenship .
The hotel , which is part of the Turkish hospitality chain , exploits the 14th amendment to the US constitution , which states that all children born on American soil “ are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside ” .
The Marmara Manhattan , which is located in New York ’s Upper East Side , told The Times : “ What we offer is simply a one - bedroom suite accommodation for $ 5,100 , plus taxes , for a month , with airport transfer , baby cradle and a gift set for the mother . ”
There are also medical fees of about £ 20,500 .
However the price is a cheap and easy one to pay for US citizenship .
Many will eventually use the newborn - known as an “ anchor baby ” - as a stepping stone for the immigration of extended family .
The hotel has so far sold 15 of the packages .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the US Citizenship and Immigration Services , the practice is entirely legal as long as the women can pay their medical bills .
However there are noises being made in Washington to close the loophole .
Gary Miller , a Republican congressman , told The Times : “ They come to this country and have babies .
The children are citizens .
The children are eligible to go to school .
They receive food stamps and social programmes .
The American taxpayers are paying for it .
Key source markets include Hong Kong , South Korea and Turkey , where a number of travel agencies specialise in the birth tourism market .
“ Many people say they are doing it because they want their kids to get a cheaper education and not deal with visa issues when they grow up , ” said Levant Bas , of the Istanbul - based operator Gurib Tourism .
“ We have a package that covers everything from the flight and city tours to accommodation for several months and hospital expenses .
Maradona has some words for Pele .
Diego Maradona made stinging comments about fellow soccer greats Pele and Michel Platini on Wednesday after the pair criticized Maradona ’s performance as Argentina coach .
Maradona said he was not surprised by their comments and that “ Pele has to go back to the museum . ”
…
Earlier , Maradona had criticized Pele , who led Brazil to three World Cup titles , for doubting Africa ’s ability to organize a World Cup .
Some context .
First , Maradona is Argentinian and Pele is Brazilian .
For the uninitiated , think Red Sox vs. Yankees , Army vs. Navy , Auburn vs. Alabama , the People of the State of Ohio vs. the Cincinnati Bengals , etc. Big rivalry .
So a little smack talk is de rigeur .
Second , it should be noted that Argentina , which has some of the most phenomenal talent in the world , almost did miss qualifying for the Cup , and many of Maradona ’s countrymen had far worse things to say about him than Pele did .
As we say back home , a bit dog always barks .
Past all that , though , my gut reaction in any throwdown between these two is that Pele not only revolutionized football on the pitch .
He not only established himself as the greatest player in the history of the game .
He not only used his flair and immense technical skills to thrill fans the world over , making him something like the Muhammad Ali of soccer .
He also became perhaps the game ’s greatest ambassador , and his efforts to grow the game since he hung up his boots should have earned him the respect of every player , coach , administrator and fan in the world .
Maradona , by contrast , did n’t transform anything , but he certainly got good use out of the road that people like Pele paved for him .
Off the field ?
Well , let ’s see .
Long battles with cocaine .
Hepatitis and booze .
A supporter of Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez ( although we ’ll call this a push , given his vocal opposition to George Bush ) .
Serious tax issues .
And then there ’s a need to acknowledge that his single greatest on - field moment , the triumph that defined his career , the one snapshot that stands above all others : the Hand of God .
“ Un poco con la cabeza de Maradona y otro poco con la mano de Dios . ”
If you do n’t know the lore , the short version is this .
The goal he will always be most remembered for is one where he gleefully cheated by punching the ball into the net .
( Of course the ref missed it – sometimes you ca n’t help thinking FIFA ought to bring in a few WWE officials to shore things up . )
Some nations are known for playing soccer in a way that makes Americans ( and the English and the Germans and , really , everybody with an ounce of respect for the glory of competition ) hate the game .
Argentina is always at or near the top of the list , and punks like Maradona are the reason why .
( For my money , they ’re nowhere near as bad as the Portuguese , although they ’re considerably worse than the Italians , who probably are n’t as bad as they ’re often accused of being . )
Put another way , Pele embodied everything that is graceful , elegant , exceptional and exhilarating about the beautiful game .
Maradona , on the other hand , is a cynical little troll who is the archetype of what is so wrong with the game : the diving , the flopping , the melodrama .
Two or three years ago Argentine star Carlos Tevez , who had moved to the English Premiership from his club in Argentina and encountered a lot of flak for his own tendency toward “ simulation , ” addressed the subject and explained that in Argentina , trying to fool the referee was part of the culture of the game .
If you can cheat and get away with it , if you dive in the box and the official falls for it and awards a penalty , that cleverness is celebrated .
He was learning that such actions were not respected ( or tolerated ) in the European game , and he was working to amend his behavior .
It was nice to see a player of Tevez ’s stature talk frankly about this particular clash in cultural assumptions , and even more heartening to hear him promising to clean up his act .
And I do n’t think I ’ve seen him dive since , which is wonderful , since he is truly one of the world ’s greatest players .
It ’s a shame that we ’re discussing any of this , really .
Whatever Argentina ’s football culture may be , it boasts a phenomenal pool of players , including Barcelona ’s Lionel Messi , regarded as the best player in the world by many , and seemingly about half of Inter Milan ’s 2010 Champion ’s League winning side .
( And 22 year - old phenom Sergio Aguero , who we hope to see in Chelsea blue this Fall . )
In sum , this brief bout of sniping features what is best about soccer , Pele , vs. what is perhaps worst about it in Maradona .
So , on behalf of fans everywhere who adore the power and grace of sport and who believe fundamentally that athletic competition can forge character and teamwork in ways that few other activities can , let me just say this : Diego , shut the fuck up .
You should be honored to hear your name in Pele ’s mouth , no matter what he ’s saying .
Cha Sa-soon says she needs a licence for a vegetable - selling business
A South Korean woman is celebrating after passing the written exam for a driving licence - on her 950th attempt .
After four years of trying , 68 - year - old Cha Sa-soon finally managed to secure the 60 out of 100 points needed to pass the test .
The grandmother has spent more than 5 m won ( $ 4,200 , £ 2,600 ) on application fees for the test .
Now Mrs Cha , who lives in Jeonju , 130 miles ( 210 km ) south of Seoul , must pass the practical test to get on the road .
' Do n't give up '
According to the Korean Driver 's Licence Agency , the 50 - minute written test consists of 50 multiple - choice questions on road regulations and car maintenance .
Mrs Cha had been trying to pass it since 13 April 2005 , the Korea Times reported .
She wanted a licence so that she could use a vehicle to sell vegetables and other goods , the newspaper said .
And her determination to pass the test has made her well - known at the Jeonju centre .
" She is really famous here .
Not only agency employees but even some test - takers know her .
Her challenging spirit is really amazing , " one official was quoted as saying .
Speaking in February - after her 775th failure - Mrs Cha had appeared undaunted .
" I believe you can achieve your goal if you persistently pursue it , " she told Reuters news agency .
" So do n't give up your dream , like me .
Be strong and do your best . "
myPlayer – Now Available for Android
We may earn a commission for purchases made using our links .
You may remember an article written not too long ago about an app by the name of myPlayer for Windows Mobile , which allowed users to access BBC iPlayer without using web browsers ( see original article here ) .
XDA member FryWalker brings us the same app , but this time for Android devices .
Unlike its WM counterpart , this app is designed to work only with BBC ( no Hulu and others ) .
The app is still in Beta but the dev has promised that expanded functionality will be added in the upcoming releases ..
Features :
Extensive BBC iPlayer integration
Fully featured programme search
Browse by iPlayer category
Automatic stream quality ( 3G or wifi )
Requirements :
Android OS version 1.5 ( cupcake ) or higher
An internet connection that is UK based
You can follow development and find more information in the application thread .
A video uploaded by Youtube user MortalKombatRebirth seems too good for a fan made trailer and apparently looks like a Mortal Kombat Movie Reboot or a Live Action Trailer for an upcoming Mortal Kombat game .
Either way , the trailer is simply stunning and might raise the hopes of many Mortal Kombat fans out there .
The trailer features Jax , Johnny Cage , Sonya Blade , Baraka , Reptile and a young , beardless Shang Tsung .
Check out the trailer in 1080 p HD below
Sony giveth and Sony taketh away :
When the company 's newest PlayStation 3 firmware update drops on April 1 , it'll remove a beloved feature once trumpeted as a system sale - maker .
That 's right Linux wonks , it 's time to kiss the PS3's " Install Other OS " option goodbye .
Unlike Microsoft's Xbox 360 or Nintendo's Wii , the PS3 shipped with an option to run " other " operating systems , including popular Linux distributions from Debian , Fedora , OpenSUSE and Ubuntu .
The " slim " model PS3 ( CEH - 2000 ) that appeared in September 2009 debuted without this feature , but Sony exempted older " fat " PS3s .
Until next Thursday , that is .
When Sony 's PS3 firmware update 3.21 debuts on April 1 , it'll disable the " Install Other OS " feature on millions of older systems .
While you do n't have to install the update , opting out will bar access to the PlayStation Network , newer games and Blu-ray movies , copyright - protected videos streamed from a media server , and any other new features in firmware version 3.21 forward .
Sony 's spin goes something like this :
By removing the feature , the company says it " will help ensure that PS3 owners will continue to have access to the broad range of gaming and entertainment content from SCE and its content partners on a more secure system . "
Translation :
You get something you already have ( " access to [ a ] broad range of gaming " etc. ) in trade for nothing , while Sony gets to close what it now deems a hacker loophole .
What 's good for Sony is good for you , in other words .
Except when it's not ( good for you , that is ) .
Running Linux on the PS3 allows amateur developers to tinker with the PS3's Cell processor , Sony sanctioned , and cobble together home - baked utilities and games .
It 's also been used by researchers to build " discount supercomputers " to run scientific simulations that might otherwise " cost thousands of dollars . "
North Carolina State University professor Frank Mueller called it " $ 50,000 worth of computer power for a mere $ 5000 . "
The majority reaction on Sony 's PlayStation blog wo n't surprise anyone .
" Wait ... you are REMOVING a feature ? " writes one user .
" What 's next ?
Removing BC from early PS3 adopters ?
Terrible update sony , teeeerrible , " writes one user .
" This is an idiotic idea , " says another .
" I paid for this feature .
When the console was $ 500 I paid for this feature .
And Yes , I use this feature . "
" Hey Sony , considering you are disabling half of my product ( It was explicitly sold with labeling ON THE BOX that states it supports other OS installations ) - Can I get half my money back ? " asks a third , adding that the move is " like selling someone a table , and then breaking 2 of the legs off . "
Access to the system via Linux is n't carte blanche .
Sony locks out its powerful Nvidia - developed RSX graphics processor by using a hypervisor - - a " virtual machine monitor " that runs the guest operating system in a secure virtualized memory space .
In January , a US hacker known for unlocking the Apple iPhone told the BBC he'd managed to crack the PS3 , admitting his workaround would allow players to run pirated games as well as older PS2 software .
It 's not clear whether the January hack led to Sony 's decision to scrap Linux support , but I 'd say the timing 's definitely suggestive .
In case you 're wondering , Sony says this is n't an April Fool 's joke .
Contrast with betters like " PS3 Leap - Year - Glitch Fix Resets Space - Time Continuum , " or " Nude Kratos Toggle in God of War III Update . "
My condolences , PS3 - Linux wonks .
Niche user base or no , it 's usually bad news when a company starts pulling features from its product portfolio .
" It only does everything " ?
Time to re-think that ad campaign , Sony .
Follow Game
On via Twitter ( @game_on )
The June 14 issue of The New Yorker , perhaps the premier showcase for American fiction , features a list of “ 20 Under 40 ” — that is , 20 accomplished writers under the age of 40 .
Many of the names are familiar : Joshua Ferris , Jonathan Safran Foer , Nell Freudenberger , Rivka Galchen , Nicole Krauss , Gary Shteyngart , ZZ Packer , Wells Tower .
The purpose of the exercise , the editors explain , is “ to offer a focused look at the talent sprouting and blooming around us , ” in particular the talent of these “ young fiction writers who we believe are , or will be , key to their generation , . . . the ones our grandchildren and their grandchildren will read . ”
It is hard to quarrel with this hopeful forecast , particularly at a moment when it ’s not certain anyone ’s grandchildren or great - great - grandchildren will be reading fiction at all .
But the emphasis on futurity misses an essential truth about fiction writers :
They often compose their best and most lasting work when they are young .
“ There ’s something very misleading about the literary culture that looks at writers in their 30s and calls them ‘ budding ’ or ‘ promising , ’ when in fact they ’re peaking , ” Kazuo Ishiguro told an interviewer last year .
Ishiguro ( 54 when he said this ) added that since the age of 30 he had been haunted by the realization that most of the great novels had been written by authors under 40 .
At the time , this anxiety struck some as comical , but history bears Ishiguro out .
Even great novelists who endure in the collective memory as Prosperos , long seasoned in their “ secret studies , ” often performed their greatest magic when they were young .
Flaubert was 29 when he began writing “ Madame Bovary ” ( and was 34 when it was completed ) .
Thomas Mann was 24 when he completed his first masterpiece , “ Buddenbrooks . ”
Tolstoy , after a period of dissolution followed by military service , began writing “ War and Peace ” at age 34 .
Joyce , who wrote “ Ulysses ” in his 30s , already had two major works behind him .
The late - blooming Proust , his youth idled in Paris salons , was only 37 when he began writing “ Remembrance of Things Past . ”
Even Kafka , the 20th century ’s most haunting exemplar of anguished paralysis , was 29 when he wrote “ The Metamorphosis ” and 31 when he began “ The Trial . ”
A controversial project to reintroduce sea eagles to southern England has been scrapped in the first of the government budget cuts to impact on the natural environment .
The majestic predators have been successfully reintroduced into the Scottish islands , after being driven to extinction in Britain nearly a century ago .
But this morning Natural England , the Government 's wildlife agency , will announce that it is pulling out of a long - running scheme to bring back a breeding population of the birds to the coastline of Suffolk .
Ministers have made clear to Natural England that the £ 900,000 the project was expected to cost over six years will not be forthcoming .
However , there is more to the decision than that .
The plan to bring back Britain 's biggest birds of prey – they have eight - foot wingspans – to coastal East Anglia has been extremely unpopular with some of the region 's farmers and landowners , who have feared for the safety of their livestock , and the decision to scrap it has been taken by Jim Paice , the Conservative Agriculture Minister , who is himself an East Anglian farmer .
Natural England officials and biologists , from the top down , are extremely disappointed at the cancellation of what they saw as a wonderful addition to England 's bird life , much along the lines of the successful reintroduction of the red kite in the 1990s .
They had just received the results of a feasibility study showing the re-establishment of a sea eagle population in Suffolk was possible , and were about to embark on a public consultation exercise about the scheme .
Also unhappy is the agency 's partner in the project , the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds .
" We are very disappointed , because this is a great project , and we think most people in Suffolk are behind it , " said Mark Avery , the RSPB 's conservation director .
" Many Suffolk businesses would benefit from the increased tourism revenue these birds would bring .
" We are also afraid that this is just the first of many damaging cuts that will impact on the natural environment over the next weeks and months . "
The sea eagle , Haliaeetus albicilla , also known as the white - tailed eagle , once bred all over Britain from the Isle of Wight to the Shetlands .
It is much more of a lowland and coastal bird than the golden eagle of the Scottish Highlands .
But it had been persecuted to extinction in England by the 19th century and retreated to a last stronghold in the Hebrides , where Victorian collectors further hunted it until it disappeared .
The last nest was seen in 1916 ; the last native British sea eagle was shot , on Skye , two years later .
However , in 1975 a reintroduction scheme was begun with young birds from Norway being released on the island of Rum , and several years later the first breeding took place on the Isle of Mull .
There are now more than 30 breeding pairs , which are a considerable tourist attraction in some places , as the birds are a spectacular sight .
They mainly feed on carrion , fish and small mammals but they occasionally also take lambs .
The Natural England scheme intended to reintroduce the birds on the area of mixed heath , forest and farmland of the Suffolk coast known as the Sandlings , centring on the RSPB flagship reserve of Minsmere .
The plan envisaged bringing young birds from Poland to Suffolk at the rate of 20 a year for five years , beginning in 2011 .
Note : explore more courses in [ dmitrysoshnikov.education ] school .
Overview lectures
Memory management
Online course devoted to the semantics of programming languages , where we build an interpreter for a language similar to Python or JavaScript from scratch .
Read more →
Course syllabus :
Online course devoted to the theory and techniques of syntactic analysis , where we build an parser for a programming language from scratch .
Read more →
Course syllabus :
Online course devoted to the Automatic memory management used in computer programs , know as the Garbage Collection .
Read more →
Course syllabus and previews :
Online course devoted to state machines , formal grammars , and regular expressions implementation , where we build a RegExp processor based on NFA and DFA .
Read more →
Course syllabus and previews :
Lecture 1 : RegExp history
Lecture 2 : Regular grammars
Lecture 3 : Finite Automata
Lecture 4 : Character and Epsilon NFA
Lecture 5 : Concatenation pattern : AB
Lecture 6 : Union pattern : A | B
Lecture 7 : Kleene closure : A *
Lecture 8 : Complex machines
Lecture 9 : Syntactic sugar
Lecture 10 : NFA optimizations
Lecture 11 : NFA acceptor
Lecture 12 : NFA table
Lecture 13 : RegExp - Tree tool
Lecture 14 : DFA table
Lecture 15 : DFA minimization
Lecture 16 : RegExp match
Written lectures for Finite Automata and RegExp class :
Parsing
ECMA - 262-3 in detail
ECMA - 262 -5 in detail
Notes
Misc
If the World Science Festival 's panel on string theory tackled the question of whether the math behind it could be a reliable guide to reality , its panel on the Limits of Understanding seemed to question whether math could be reliable at all .
As the panel presented matters , math is coming up short when faced with some of the biggest scientific challenges around .
Even dizzyingly complex physical systems can be simplified down to the point where they 're tractable to meaningful computations , but the simplifications needed to model even a single cell seem to result in math that is completely divorced from the underlying reality .
If the practical failure is bad , however , it may pale in comparison with some of the theoretical concerns raised by the work of Kurt Gödel , a mathematician and personal friend of Albert Einstein .
Gödel 's most famous work involved showing that formal systems that can be used to perform math are necessarily incomplete , raising the possibility that all our systems for doing math are limited .
All of this really bothers Gregory Chaitin , a prominent mathematician who was part of the Limits of Understanding panel .
For Chaitin , mathematical systems are n't developed so much as discovered , and the math itself seems to have an underlying reality , one that , so far at least , has helped us understand physical reality .
For him , the fact that biology appears to be too complex to be handled easily by math is intensely frustrating ( his fellow panelist , astrophysicist Mario Livio , referred to the " unreasonable ineffectiveness of math in biology " ) .
But what 's really got him unnerved are the implications of Gödel 's incompleteness theorems .
As explained by philosopher Rebecca Goldstein , Gödel 's work describes formal , rule - based systems .
For any of these systems sufficiently complex to handle mathematical transformations , his theorems demonstrate that you can express something according to the rules that cannot be proven ; and that you can't prove whether the system is consistent ( meaning that a statement and its converse wo n't both evaluate to true ) .
As Chaitin put it , " 80 years later , we still do n't know what the hell Gödel proved . "
Many areas of math appear to be formal systems .
For example , the square root of negative one is meaningless under some systems , while the use of imaginary numbers in other systems allows for some very interesting math ; the same thing applies to breaking some of the rules of Euclidian geometry .
But , if all of math is a formal system , then we do n't necessarily know which ideas will end up being unprovable , or whether we 've accidentally proven two things that might contradict each other .
So , where does Gödel leave us ?
Nobody 's entirely sure .
Livio , Goldstein , and Chaitin all suggested there might be some sort of " pure math " that was n't a formal system , but none of them seemed especially happy about that .
A few other ideas were floated around — it 's possible that we 've only developed the sorts of tools we 've needed so far , and attacking biology with math is a relatively new field , for example .
There were a number of examples that suggested this might be the case .
Mario Livio said that Galileo ended up stuck when it came to motion because he used identical terms for what are now recognized as momentum and energy , and that , while Indian and Chinese mathematicians worked with prime numbers , they never appear to have recognized that they represent a distinct and interesting category .
Similarly , Marvin Minsky , an artificial intelligence expert , said that consciousness is at least 26 distinct problems , and we were making a mistake by viewing it as one .
Collectively , these suggest that the math to tackle some of the problems we view as intractable might actually be out there , undiscovered ( as Chaitin might put it ) .
But , at the same time , they also indicate how strongly math is tied into social factors , such as our ability to recognize when there 's more than one problem involved — which implies that it 's a formal system , and subject to the limitations Gödel identified .
So , we 've reached a point where math can't answer many questions in biology , but the most promising path for advancing physics ( string theory ) remains trapped in the realm of pure math .
Is this a cue for panic ?
Maybe not , as illustrated in an exchange between two panelists : " You 're not upset because you 're not a mathematician , " Chaitin told Livio , " you do n't care because you 're a physicist . "
" We know there 's problems with quantum mechanics , but has that stopped anything ? "
Livio countered .
It 's not just quantum mechanics .
Biology may have resisted easy quantification , but it has hardly slowed the field down .
If math turns out to be just a tool ( and a tool with some substantial limits ) , that may disappoint mathematicians , but it wo n't necessarily slow down our ability to understand and model the natural world .
This may be my background as a scientist talking , but that seems like the most important consideration , and I 'm willing to live with a community of disappointed mathematicians in order to get there .
Listing image by NSF
A FACEBOOK campaign has convinced British actor , comedian , television star and avid tweeter Stephen Fry to perform in Melbourne next month .
Fry , 52 , the popular host of quiz show QI ( Quite Interesting ) , which screens on ABC1 on Tuesday nights , had planned to do just two ( sold - out ) shows at the Sydney Opera House on July 27 and 28 .
But the campaign '' Dear Stephen Fry please come to Melbourne in July , not just Sydney ' ' , which attracted 1306 members , helped change his mind .
Fry announced on his Twitter account on Friday he would perform his show , in which he discusses travel , art , TV , the internet and Twitter , at Melbourne 's Regent Theatre on July 31 .
Tickets will go on sale at 9 am on Thursday through Ticketmaster .
Fry tweeted : '' Well , thanks to all those Melburnians ( http://bit.ly/9pFqM0) who were kind enough to want me there .
I will be coming !
Details soon .''
Americans are more pessimistic about the state of the country and less confident in President Barack Obama 's leadership than at any point since Mr. Obama entered the White House , according to a new Wall Street Journal / NBC News poll .
The survey also shows grave and growing concerns about the Gulf oil spill , with overwhelming majorities of adults favoring stronger regulation of the oil industry and believing that the spill will affect the nation 's economy and environment .
Sixty - two ...
BEIRUT ( Reuters ) - Israel can probably live with the diplomatic cost of its bloody storming of Turkish - backed aid ships bound for Gaza -- unless its U.S. ally fails to shield it .
Israel ’s high - seas interception of the flotilla , in which nine people were killed , has provoked a firestorm of criticism around the world and shredded the Jewish state ’s already tattered relationship with Turkey , once its only Muslim ally .
Demands will intensify for Israel to end its siege of Gaza ’s 1.5 million Palestinians , decried as “ inhumane ” by Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan on Tuesday .
The European Union and Russia urged Israel to open crossings for aid , goods and people .
Another casualty , at least for now , is U.S. President Barack Obama ’s effort to get indirect Israeli - Palestinian peace talks moving .
Monday ’s drama will further test the credibility of Obama ’s broad drive to regain the trust of Arabs and Muslims .
So far Obama has only voiced regret at the casualties and called for clarification of what happened in the raid .
The U.N. Security Council condemned the “ acts ” that led to casualties and urged an investigation “ conforming to international standards . ”
Israel has weathered world outrage over its policies toward Palestinians and its Arab neighbors often in the past , largely because it could rely on Washington to veto hostile resolutions at the U.N. Security Council and protect it from any punishment .
“ Despite the protests against us , we ’ve been through more difficult situations , ” Israeli Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz told Israel ’s Army Radio , dismissing talk of sanctions .
The flotilla assault may further harm Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s rocky relationship with Obama , but the U.S. leader is likely to think twice before joining global censure of Israel ahead of mid-term Congressional elections in November .
Unless , that is , he senses a new mood among Americans coming to view Israel as a liability , rather than a trusted ally .
U.S. SHIFT ?
“ The Obama administration , already irritated by the Israelis , might now see a shift in U.S. public opinion that will open the way to a new U.S. - Israeli relationship disadvantageous to Israel , ” wrote George Friedman , chief executive officer at Stratfor , a geopolitical analysis publication .
Even if this scenario fails to materialize , the fiasco at sea may force the United States to pay more attention to the plight of Gaza and the rift between its Hamas Islamist rulers and President Mahmoud Abbas ’s Fatah movement in the West Bank .
“ For years , many in the international community have been complicit in a policy that aimed at isolating Gaza in the hope of weakening Hamas , ” said the International Crisis Group .
It noted that the United States , European Union and their UN and Russian “ Quartet ” partners had urged an easing of the siege .
“ That is welcome , but opening the humanitarian tap is not an appropriate answer to a policy whose fundamental premise is morally callous and politically counter - productive , ” it said .
Israel , which launched a full - scale assault on the densely populated coastal strip 18 months ago , says its blockade aims to weaken Hamas militants who have fired rockets at Israeli towns .
The Gaza war halted indirect Israeli - Syrian talks mediated by Turkey and drew fierce criticism from Erdogan , who has since emphasized ties with anti-Israel neighbors like Iran and Syria .
Israel ’s once close relations with Turkey now lie in ruins .
“ The Israelis killed Turks on the high seas , ” Paul Salem , Beirut director of the Carnegie Endowment ’s Middle East Program , told Reuters .
“ This will really change the mood in Turkey and push things in a more militant hardline direction .
The government will probably have to follow suit to some degree . ”
Israeli leaders have already discounted the cost of losing Turkey , a moderate , secular Muslim state , as a potential mediator , saying it was no longer impartial , but trade , energy , tourism and military links may also suffer .
The attack on the aid convoy has scuppered any immediate prospects for indirect Israeli - Palestinian talks , but Netanyahu may not lose much sleep over a setback to negotiations that he only agreed to under considerable U.S. pressure .
Obama has struggled to put some kind of “ peace process ” back on track .
Palestinians , weak and divided as they are , had also been reluctant to take part in the face of Israel ’s settlement drive in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem .
The president ’s efforts to “ engage ” foes like Syria and Iran have stuttered , while his goal of forging a new start in U.S. relations with the Islamic world has taken several knocks .
“ The first was the Gaza war when his statements as president - elect were not very strong , ” said Salem .
“ The big one was his inability to get Israel to accept a settlement freeze .
“ This is another test , where the U.S. response definitely is not going to be what the Arab and Muslim world wants . ”
As I mentioned in yesterday ’s Nutts and Bolts blog , I had gone to a car show over the previous weekend and saw a lot of interesting things .
One of the cars that really caught my eye was a heavily modified Meyers Manx .
Typically , I have zero interest in these and skip right over them , but this one had my name written all over it .
This guy ran a VW engine , with a turbocharger , and a megasquirt fuel injection system .
Everything was polished , painted , or plated , and it had wheelie bars that looked not only functional , but used .
Does it get better than this is the world of Volkswagen ?
If so , I challenge you to show me , because I do n’t believe it .
This is the pinnacle of fun .
Some people tell me that I have a subconscious love for air cooled Volkswagens .
I think those people are crazy .
Penny Lancaster : Rod Stewart 's wife 's blunt comment amid ' body shaming weight change '
PENNY LANCASTER - the wife of legendary ‘ Maggie May ' crooner Sir Rod Stewart - once revealed how the question " are you finished ? " led to a change in her weight .
She recalled seeing the car drive slowly around the neighbourhood on the day and remembers wondering what it was up to .
Several of the pictures show her looking suspiciously in the car 's direction .
Dr. Paul Craig Roberts
Global Research
June 3 , 2010
Interview with Dr. Paul Craig Roberts
Interview with Dr. Paul Craig Roberts , former Assistant Secretary US Treasury , Associate Editor Wall Street Journal , Professor of Political Economy Center for Strategic and International Studies Georgetown University Washington DC .
To American eyes a vague “ terrorist threat , ” a creation of their own government , is sufficient justification for naked aggression against Muslim peoples and for an agenda of world hegemony .
Question : Dr. Roberts , the United States is regarded as the most successful state in the world today .
What is responsible for American success ?
Dr. Roberts : Propaganda .
If truth be known , the US is a failed state .
More about that later .
The US owes its image of success to : ( 1 ) the vast lands and mineral resources that the US “ liberated ” with violence from the native inhabitants , ( 2 ) Europe ’s , especially Great Britain ’s , self - destruction in World War I and World War II , and ( 3 ) the economic destruction of Russia and most of Asia by communism or socialism .
After World War II , the US took the reserve currency role from Great Britain .
This made the US dollar the world money and permitted the US to pay its import bills in its own currency .
World War II ’s destruction of the other industrialized countries left the US as the only country capable of supplying products to world markets .
This historical happenstance created among Americans the impression that they were a favored people .
Today the militarist neoconservatives speak of the United States as “ the indispensable nation . ”
In other words , Americans are above all others , except , of course , Israelis .
To American eyes a vague “ terrorist threat , ” a creation of their own government , is sufficient justification for naked aggression against Muslim peoples and for an agenda of world hegemony .
This hubristic attitude explains why among most Americans there is no remorse over the one million Iraqis killed and the four million Iraqis displaced by a US invasion and occupation that were based entirely on lies and deception .
It explains why there is no remorse among most Americans for the countless numbers of Afghans who have been cavalierly murdered by the US military , or for the Pakistani civilians murdered by US drones and “ soldiers ” sitting in front of video screens .
It explains why there is no outrage among Americans when the Israelis bomb Lebanese civilians and Gaza civilians .
No one in the world will believe that Israel ’s latest act of barbarity , the murderous attack on the international aid flotilla to Gaza , was not cleared with Israel ’s American enabler .
Question :
You said that the US was a failed state .
How can that be ?
What do you mean ?
Roberts :
The war on terror , invented by the George W. Bush / Dick Cheney regime , destroyed the US Constitution and the civil liberties that the Constitution embodies .
The Bill of Rights has been eviscerated .
The Obama regime has institutionalized the Bush / Cheney assault on American liberty .
Today , no American has any rights if he or she is accused of “ terrorist ” activity .
The Obama regime has expanded the vague definition of “ terrorist activity ” to include “ domestic extremist , ” another undefined and vague category subject to the government ’s discretion .
In short , a “ terrorist ” or a “ domestic extremist ” is anyone who dissents from a policy or a practice that the US government regards as necessary for its agenda of world hegemony .
Unlike some countries , the US is not an ethic group .
It is a collection of diverse peoples united under the Constitution .
When the Constitution was destroyed , the US ceased to exist .
What exists today are power centers that are unaccountable .
Elections mean nothing , as both parties are dependent on the same powerful interest groups for campaign funds .
The most powerful interest groups are the military / security complex , which includes the Pentagon , the CIA , and the corporations that service them , the American - Israel Public Affairs Committee , the oil industry that is destroying the Gulf of Mexico , Wall Street ( investment banks and hedge funds ) , the insurance companies , the pharmaceutical companies , and the agri-companies that produce food of questionable content .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
These corporate powers comprise an oligarchy that cannot be dislodged by voting .
Ever since “ globalism ” was enacted into law , the Democrats have been dependent on the same corporate sources of income as the Republicans , because globalism destroyed the labor unions .
Consequently , there is no difference between the Republicans and Democrats , or no meaningful difference .
The “ war on terror ” completed the constitutional / legal failure of the US .
The US has also failed economically .
Under Wall Street pressure for short - term profits , US corporations have moved offshore their production for US consumer markets .
The result has been to move US GDP and millions of well - paid US jobs to countries , such as China and India , where labor and professional expertise are cheap .
This practice has been going on since about 1990 .
After 20 years of offshoring US production , which destroyed American jobs and federal , state and local tax base , the US unemployment rate , as measured by US government methodology in 1980 , is over 20 percent .
The ladders of upward mobility have been dismantled .
Millions of young Americans with university degrees are employed as waitresses and bartenders .
Foreign enrollment comprises a larger and larger percentage of US universities as the American population finds that a university degree has been negated by the offshoring of the jobs that the graduates expected .
When US offshored production re-enters the US as imports , the trade balance deteriorates .
Foreigners use their surplus dollars to purchase existing US assets .
Consequently , dividends , interest , capital gains , tolls from toll roads , rents , and profits , now flow abroad to foreign owners , thus increasing the pressure on the US dollar .
The US has been able to survive the mounting claims of foreigners against US GDP because the US dollar is the reserve currency .
However , the large US budget and trade deficits will put pressures on the dollar that will become too extreme for the dollar to be able to sustain this role .
When the dollar fails , the US population will be impoverished .
The US is heavily indebted , both the government and the citizens .
Over the last decade there has been no growth in family income .
The US economy was kept going through the expansion of consumer debt .
Now consumers are so heavily indebted that they cannot borrow more .
This means that the main driving force of the US economy , consumer demand , cannot increase .
As consumer demand comprises 70 % of the economy , when consumer demand cannot increase , there can be no economic recovery .
The US is a failed state also because there is no accountability to the people by corporations or by government at any level , whether state , local , or federal .
British Petroleum is destroying the Gulf of Mexico .
The US government has done nothing .
The Obama regime ’s response to the crisis is more irresponsible than the Bush regime ’s response to Hurricane Katrina .
Wetlands and fisheries are being destroyed by unregulated capitalist greed and by a government that treats the environment with contempt .
The tourist economy of Florida is being destroyed .
The external costs of drilling in deep waters exceeds the net worth of the oil industry .
As a result of the failure of the American state , the oil industry is destroying one of the world ’s most valuable ecological systems .
Question :
What can be done ?
Roberts : The American people are lost in la-la land .
They have no idea that their civil liberties have been forfeited .
They are only gradually learning that their economic future is compromised .
They have little idea of the world ’s growing hatred of Americans for their destruction of other peoples .
In short , Americans are full of themselves .
They have no idea of the disasters that their ignorance and inhumanity have brought upon themselves and upon the world .
Much of the world , looking at a country that appears both stupid and inhumane , wonders at Americans ’ fine opinion of themselves .
Is America the virtuous “ indispensable nation ” of neoconservative propaganda , or is America a plague upon the world ?
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Having an “ out of wedlock child ” was enough to remove a black juror from a 1998 Mississippi murder trial involving an African - American and a white victim .
Since then , nothing much has changed in the old south , a newly released study has said .
When it was all over , Alvin Robinson was found guilty by a jury of 10 whites and two blacks , and sentenced to 20 years behind bars for a murder he claimed was in self defense .
ADVERTISEMENT
Two years later , an appeals court annulled the sentence arguing that prosecutors used seven of ten allowed peremptory strikes on prospective jurors who were black .
One of the candidates stared too long at a prosecutor , another had failed to mention she was divorced , and yet a third was declared an outsider after living in the same county for 10 years .
The appeals court found the prosecutor ’s reasons far fetched , exaggerated and improbable , labeling them as racist .
But not all African - Americans in southern United States are as lucky as Robinson .
Equal Justice Initiative ( EJI ) , a non-profit equal justice advocacy group , published a report last week showing that prosecutors from southern states continue to select juries by the colour of their skin , in particular when the defendant is black .
ADVERTISEMENT
Most of the time , the report added , the prosecutors ’ decisions are upheld in courts of appeal .
“ From 2005 to 2009 , in cases where the death penalty has been imposed , prosecutors in Houston County , Alabama , have used peremptory strikes to remove 80 percent of the African American qualified for jury service , ” the advocacy group said .
For its report , EJI interviewed 100 people who were struck from juries and studied law books from eight southern states — Alabama , Arkansas , Florida , Georgia , Louisiana , Mississippi , South Carolina and Tennessee .
ADVERTISEMENT
Some of the arguments for excluding black prospective jurors included “ stupid , ” “ low intelligence , ” “ lack of education , ” “ she ’s chewing gum , ” “ she wore eyeglasses and a large hat , ” “ he ’s single , ” “ he ’s married , ” “ he ’s separated , ” “ he looks like a dealer , ” “ tentative and timid , ” “ he seems odd to me , ” and “ he lives in a high crime area . ”
“ Although in every state there is evidence of general indifference to the seriousness of excluding people from jury service on the basis of race … some states seem particularly resistant to enforcing every citizen ’s right to serve on a jury , ” said EJI Director Bryan Stevenson .
ADVERTISEMENT
In Tennessee , for example , all complaints over jury composition from convicted felons have been dismissed by the courts .
The US Supreme Court in 1986 ruled to eliminate racial discrimination in jury selection , but only required prosecutors to produce “ race - neutral ” arguments for peremptory strikes , leaving the judge to decide on their appropriateness .
Since then , prosecutors in the south have come up with different ways of sidestepping the law and training sessions are even held on how to present unassailable arguments in court .
ADVERTISEMENT
The result is that entirely white juries are selected in counties with populations that are more than one third black .
Most studies have found that mixed juries take longer to deliberate and make fewer mistakes in judgement .
Black jurors have also been found to be less inclined to vote for the death penalty .
“ Racially , diversity on juries is especially critical because the other decision - making roles in the criminal justice system are held mostly by people who are white , from police officers who decide whom to stop and arrest , to prosecutors who decide what charges are brought against which defendant , to trial and appellate judges whose decisions impact powerfully on outcomes at each stage of the criminal justice process , ” said Stevenson .
The EJI report said there are no black prosecutors in Arkansas , Florida or Tennessee .
ADVERTISEMENT
Over the past 30 years , more than 130 convicts on death row have been found to be innocent of their crimes
Image caption
The Pakistani army is often attacked by the Taliban in border areas
The Afghan Taliban says it has captured dozens of Pakistani soldiers after attacking their checkpoint in a cross - border raid .
Pakistani security sources confirm some troops are missing .
The Taliban says it is holding up to 40 Pakistani troops after its raid in the Mohmand tribal area on Monday .
Afghan officials said eight soldiers had been handed over to the Pakistani consulate in Jalalabad , but Pakistan 's army said it had no knowledge of this .
Checkpoint ' over -run '
The BBC's M Ilyas Khan says that while attacks by the Taliban on border check posts are relatively routine , it is unusual for Pakistani soldiers to be held by the militants in Afghanistan .
A Taliban spokesman told the BBC that it was in fact holding Pakistani troops on both sides of the border after Monday 's attack .
It said 30 soldiers were being held in Afghanistan and 10 in Pakistan .
The Taliban says it captured the soldiers after over - running the checkpoint .
Local officials in the Mohmand area confirmed to the BBC that about 40 soldiers were unaccounted for .
Pakistani security sources said on Monday an undisclosed number of troops were missing .
An Afghan army commander in Jalalabad told the BBC that 10 Pakistani soldiers had been handed over to the Pakistani consulate , although the Pakistani army said it was not aware of this .
' Baseless propaganda '
Meanwhile , the Afghan Taliban have dismissed the findings of a report which says Pakistan 's intelligence service had a direct role in supporting the insurgents .
Image caption The Taliban remain strong on the Afghanistan - Pakistan border
In an e-mail sent to the BBC , the Taliban said the report was " baseless propaganda " .
The report , compiled by a London School of Economics scholar , said Pakistani intelligence provided funding , training and sanctuaries to the Taliban on a much greater scale than previously thought .
" The Islamic Emirate considers this report of the London School of Economics as merely baseless propaganda , " the letter said .
The Taliban have also denied reports that their fighters hanged a seven - year - old boy last week on charges of spying in Afghanistan 's Helmand province .
" After a full investigation by the Islamic Emirate leadership , it became clear that no event of execution had taken place , " a Taliban statement said .
The Taliban criticised journalists for misreporting the event .
He had allegedly told his co-worker at the post office that he was taking the automatic weapon and two pistols for inspection by the city authorities before diverting to the courthouse .
OSEI - Oil Spill Eater International , Corp
56,267 cleans ups since 1989
Oil Spill Eater II ( OSE II ) is the world ’s most environmentally safe and cost effective bioremediation process for the mitigation of hazardous waste , spills and contamination virtually anywhere of any size , large or small .
OSE II is an environmentally safe cleanup method because it uses natures own bioremediation processes to effectively eliminate hazardous materials .
OSE II is listed on the US Environmental Protection Agency ’s National Contingency Plan for Oil Spills ( NCP ) .
OSE II is not a bacteria ( bug ) , fertilizer or dispersant product .
OSE II is a biological enzyme that converts the waste into a natural food source for the enhanced native bacteria found in the environment .
The end result of this process is CO2 and water .
OSE II will reduce your cleanup costs and permanently eliminate the hazardous waste problem in place , with no secondary cleanup required .
OSE II is approved by numerous countries for use .
Since 1989 , OSE II has safely remediated numerous types of hazardous materials on the ground , in the ground and in the water .
Apple has pulled the best - selling iPad RSS application , Pulse , from the App Store at the request of The New York Times .
Why ?
Because it downloads and displays The New York Times RSS feed , just like every other RSS reader on the planet .
Pulse has been an app - store hit thanks to its slick design , which pulls news from various sources and aggregates them in an easy - to - read manner , perfectly suited to the flick - and - scroll interface of the iPad .
The design was good enough to impress even Steve Jobs , who mentioned it in his WWDC keynote speech Monday .
The application , which costs $ 4 , has been downloaded 35,000 times .
It was the top paid app for a while .
Pulse was removed from the App Store yesterday after a takedown request was sent by The New York Times ' legal counsel .
UPDATE : Tuesday 3:00 pm Pacific : Pulse is back in the App store , though it 's unclear whether the Times retracted its objection or if Apple simply decided to ignore it .
Wired.com is asking the Times to clarify .
/ UPDATE
Here is the relevant excerpt :
The Pulse News Reader app , makes commercial use of the NYTimes.com and Boston.com RSS feeds , in violation of their Terms of Use* .
Thus , the use of our content is unlicensed .
The app also frames the NYTimes.com and Boston.com websites in violation of their respective Terms of Use .
Pulse takes the plain text from The New York Times RSS feed and displays it .
If you choose to read further , it opens the actual Times page in a new browser window which , like every other in - app browser , uses Safari 's webkit engine to display it .
The person reading it is therefore getting the exact same content as they would if reading in Safari .
Clearly the Times does n't understand the purpose of RSS .
Further :
I note that the app is delivered with the NYTimes.com RSS feed preloaded , which is prominently featured in the screen shots used to sell the app on iTunes .
That 's right .
The poor old Times has managed to gain 35,000 subscribers in a few weeks , without doing a thing .
Those are pretty good numbers , and you'd think that the paper would be happy about this free exposure , especially as readers will click - through direct to its ad - filled pages .
But because the app is paid , not free , it violates the Times ' terms and conditions by making " commercial use " of the content .
What are those terms , exactly ?
Here is the relevant section , taken from the Times counsel 's e-mail to Apple :
NYTimes.com Terms of Service , paragraph 2.2 : “ The Service and its Contents are protected by copyright pursuant to U.S. and international copyright laws .
You may not modify , publish , transmit , participate in the transfer or sale of , reproduce ( except as provided in Section 2.3 of these Terms of Service ) , create new works from , distribute , perform , display , or in any way exploit , any of the Content or the Service ( including software ) in whole or in part .
From this , we see that every piece of paid software you might use to read the Times 's website is infringing copyright .
Granted , most web - browsers are free these days , but what about other RSS readers ?
Pretty much every good reader in the App Store costs money , and The New York Times is a favorite to include as a default feed .
The developers of Pulse , Akshay Kothari and Ankit Gupta , are bemused , and are planning to contact Apple to fix the problem .
They 'll do this by removing the Times 's feed from the app , thus depriving the newspaper of future ad revenue from new customers .
Is the Times planning to comb through every app in the App store that links to its site and whine to Apple about it ?
Based on these petty actions , the answer could be yes .
The biggest irony , though , smiles at us from a week ago .
On June 1 , The New York Times ' Brad Stone ran a review of Pulse , and loved it .
It seems that at least one person at the paper understands the internet .
Stone :
The app allows users to see text - only versions of articles , which are basically cleaned - up versions of a news site ’s RSS feeds , or to see the full articles as they are presented on the Web .
Pulse iPad App Gets Steve Jobs ’ Praise in Morning … Then Booted From App Store Hours Later After NYT Complains [ All Things D ]
Pulse [ Alphonso Labs ]
The iPad Pulse Reader Scales the Charts [ NYT ]
See Also :
Arsenal forward Wellington Silva is learning the “ Dennis Bergkamp ” role with parent club Fluminense , after impressing as a substitute in the first two fixtures of the new Brazilian Série A season .
Silva ’s stock has risen significantly since he signed for the Gunners and he ’s now considered a star in his own right in Brazil .
Promoted to the first team after an impressive pre-season , coach Muricy Ramalho is working closely with the precocious prospect .
His two substitute appearances so far have yielded a new side to the 17 - year - old , a defensive , hard working side .
Fluminense possess an impressive strike force , with Hertha Berlin loanee André Lima and former Lyon hitman Fred the notable names .
Flu ’s opening game of the campaign was a 1 - 0 defeat to Ceará , where Wellington was introduced with 10 minutes left .
He ran , chased and tracked back well , as well as looking dangerous with possession .
Operating just off Lima in a 4 - 4 - 2 , he looked every bit a deadly number 10 .
Yesterday saw their second game of the season .
A home fixture with Goianiense , which they won 1 - 0 .
Again Silva came off the bench , and again he showed the defensive aspects of the game which impressed everybody .
He still needs to tighten up on his positional and tactical play , but Wellington is learning to find a balance between his flamboyant , skillful style , and a defensive and hard working attitude he will need to succeed in Europe .
The future is looking very promising for young Wellington .
© 2020 | Robin Yount , Ltd. – All Rights Reserved | Brand , design & development by 2 - Story .
A portion of all proceeds on the sale of this product support MACC Fund
Loro sono i gemelli Igor e Grichka Bogdanoff : oltre a ricordare la versione maschile della donna - gatto , sono noti per aver scritto un controverso libro sul Big Bang .
In Francia i due sessantenni conducono trasmissioni a tema scientifico .
Qui sono stati fotografati durante una festa , a Cannes .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Until last week , I ’d never heard of " IBGYBG . "
But during the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations ’ eye- opening hearings into ratings agency malfeasance , former Moody ’s senior credit officer Richard Michalek introduced me to it while testifying about the perverse incentives that dominated the industry .
On the investment bank side , he said , bankers were looking to score the one - time fee from whatever securitization deal they were asking the agency to rate , and move on to the next deal .
The incentives for the bank , Michalek said in prepared testimony , were clear : " get the deal closed , and if there ’s a problem later on , it was just another case of IBGYBG — I ’ll be gone , you ’ll be gone . "
Ad Policy
Michalek says he first heard the phrase from " an investment banker who was running out of patience " with his " insistence on a detailed review of the documentation . "
" I ’ll be gone , you ’ll be gone , " a revealing piece of banker slang , and as succinct an expression of the logic of looting as you ’ll find .
Imagine you and a friend encounter an unlocked BMW on a deserted street with a shiny new iPad on the back seat .
And imagine how horrified you ’d be if your friend suggested you grab the device and jet , since , well , " I ’ll be gone , you ’ll be gone . "
It ’s unclear whether the legal analogy holds in this case , but whether or not laws were broken , there is a dawning realization that we ’ve been robbed .
It reminds me of the way the debate unfolded in the wake of the Iraq War .
When it became clear that Iraq had no WMDs , the mainstream understanding of the debacle was as a good - faith error in judgment .
" We were heroes in error , " as Ahmad Chalabi reportedly said .
But as journalists dug into the subterfuge and manipulation of intelligence , it was soon undeniable that the war was born not of a good - faith error but of fraud and deception , a determined effort to persuade Americans of a set of premises that the White House knew , or had every opportunity to know , were false .
We began to see the perpetrators as venal rather than merely stupid , corrupt instead of simply incompetent .
We ’re in the midst of a similar progression in our collective understanding of the financial crisis .
The earliest chronicles of the meltdown tended to portray it as a tale of groupthink and mania , of hubris and shortsightedness : all these smart people got it wrong !
And while that ’s certainly true for many , it grows clearer by the day that a lot of people on Wall Street realized early on that the entire enterprise was headed for a crash and responded by smashing and grabbing all they could carry .
Sitting just a few feet from Lehman Brothers ’ Dick Fuld at a recent House Financial Services Committee hearing , criminologist and regulator Bill Black made this point bluntly .
" Lehman ’s failure is a story , in large part , of fraud , " he pronounced as Fuld stared impassively ahead .
" And it is fraud that begins at the absolute latest in 2001 . "
The SEC ’s complaint against Goldman Sachs for peddling CDOs that had been designed to fail has attracted the most press attention , but similar accounts are strewn throughout the post - crash landscape .
There are the ratings agencies ’ e-mails , revealed by the Senate investigations subcommittee ( which has used its subpoena power to great effect ) , that show employees adjusting their ratings of crap to please clients .
" I spoke to Osmin earlier , " one Moody employee wrote to a Chase banker , " and confirmed that Jason is looking into some adjustments to his methodology that should be a benefit to you folks [ Chase ] . "
There ’s the bankruptcy report on Lehman showing that the firm engaged in an Enron - style , off - the - balance - sheet shell game with $ 50 billion in liabilities .
Examiner Anton Valukas concluded that the shady accounting gave " rise to colorable claims against the senior officers who oversaw and certified misleading financial statements . "
There ’s also the case of Countrywide Financial , once the nation ’s largest mortgage lender , whose top three officers are subject to an SEC suit for fraud and insider trading .
From 2005 through 2007 , while Countrywide assured its investors that it " managed credit risk through credit policy , underwriting , quality control and surveillance activities , " its founder and CEO , Angelo Mozilo , was privately e-mailing his underlings about the swiftly declining underwriting standards at the firm .
Of Countrywide ’s " pay- option " mortgages , which worked like credit cards with minimum payments , he wrote , " In all my years in the business , I have never seen a more toxic product . "
Many other examples have been brought to light , and no doubt thousands more are hiding in trash folders of traders up and down Wall Street .
Since looting is precipitated by a failure of the state , it occupies a somewhat hazy moral space : when the law has broken down , who ’s to judge those who seize all they can ?
In retrospect , the great bubble years have a kind of sick lawless euphoria to them .
When the starving citizens of New Orleans grabbed food and water from supermarkets to survive , they were met with martial law .
Those from Wall Street who have looted sums large enough to rebuild New Orleans from the ground up , however , have been spared the indignity of facing basic criminal sanctions .
That must change .
On April 28 Marcy Kaptur sent a bipartisan letter from sixty - two House members calling on the Justice Department to begin a criminal investigation of Goldman Sachs .
About a year or so ago I attended a meeting of progressives discussing the financial crisis .
One participant insisted loudly and with great agitation that we " need to put people in jail ! "
At the time I thought he was being theatrical and impetuous .
But now I think he got it exactly right .
Final Fantasy XIV
Online creator and director Hiromichi Tanaka has told Eurogamer that a " closed " Xbox Live blocked the game from appearing on Xbox 360 .
" The main reason why we could n't go with Xbox 360 was the Xbox Live system , " he explained at E3 . " [ Live is ] different to the normal internet environment , so when we wanted to introduce this game in the same environment as Windows PC it had to be PS3 , so that was our choice .
" Microsoft has a different point of view : they want to have a closed environment for Xbox Live .
We 're still talking to ...
We could n't come to an agreement on Xbox Live . "
Square Enix number - one Yoichi Wada told GamesIndustry .biz a similar story ; he said what he'd like to see " first and foremost " was a network structure that allowed third parties to " freely design different business schemes " .
Final Fantasy XIV wo n't be the first MMO snagged by the closed nature of a console 's online service .
Cryptic chucked in the towel on an Xbox 360 version of Champions Online earlier this year .
Producer Craig Zinkievich told Eurogamer he was frustrated with the business side of getting an MMO on Xbox Live ; the game itself , he said , ran just fine .
Ironically , Final Fantasy XI remains one of the only MMOs to be offered on Xbox 360 .
Final Fantasy XIV
Online is in development for PC and PS3 .
Fifth Part : The Problem Solved
Chapter 22
The Root Cause of Recessions
W E HAVE COMPLETED our long inquiry , and now we can compile the results .
We will begin with depressions and recessions , which affect every modern society .
We have shown how land speculation inflates land values , reduces wages and interest , and thereby checks production .
There are other reasons as well , such as : the complexity and interdependence of production ; problems with money and credit ; the artificial barriers of protective tariffs .
Nonetheless , it is clear that land speculation is the primary cause producing recessions .
We can see this either by considering principles or by observing phenomena .
As population grows and technology advances , land values rise .
This steady increase leads to speculation , as future increases are anticipated .
Land values are carried beyond the point at which labor and capital would receive their customary returns .
Production , therefore , begins to stop .
Production need not decrease absolutely — it may simply fail to increase proportionately .
In other words , new labor and capital cannot find employment at the usual rates .
Stopping production at some points must necessarily affect other points of the industrial network .
Demand is interrupted , checking production elsewhere .
Paralysis spreads through all the interlaced industry and commerce .
The same events can seem to show either overproduction or overconsumption — depending on one 's point of view .
The period of depression will continue until : ( 1 ) the speculative advance in rents is lost ; or ( 2 ) the increased efficiency of labor ( due to population growth and / or improved technology ) allows the normal rent line to overtake the speculative rent line ; or ( 3 ) labor and capital are willing to work for smaller returns .
Most likely , all three will cooperate to produce a new equilibrium .
Production resumes in full .
After rents begin to advance again , speculation returns ; production is checked ; and the same cycle repeats itself .
Modern civilization is characterized by an elaborate and complicated system of production .
Moreover , there is no such thing as a distinct and independent industrial community .
We should not expect to see cause followed by effect as clearly as we would in a simpler society .
Nevertheless , the phenomena actually observed clearly correspond with what we have inferred .
Deduction shows how the actual phenomena result from the basic principle .
If we reverse the process , it is just as easy to use induction to follow the phenomena and arrive at the principle .
Depressions and recessions are always preceded by periods of activity and speculation .
Some connection between the two is generally acknowledged .
Depression is seen as a reaction to speculation , as this morning 's hangover is a reaction to last night 's debauch .
There are two schools of thought as to how this occurs .
The school of overproduction says production has exceeded the demand for consumption .
They point out unsold goods , factories working half time , money lying idle , and workers without jobs .
The school of overconsumption points to the very same things as evidence that demand has stopped .
This , they say , is because people , made extravagant by fictitious prosperity , have lived beyond their means .
The pinch was not felt at the time , much as spendthrifts do not notice the loss of their fortunes while squandering them .
Now they must retrench and consume less .
Each of these theories expresses one side , but fails to comprehend the full truth .
Each is equally preposterous as an explanation of observed phenomena .
People want more wealth than they can get .
The basis of wealth is labor .
How can there be overproduction as long as people are willing to give their labor in return for things ?
Likewise , when workers and machinery are forced to stand idle , how can one claim overconsumption ?
The desire to consume coexists with the willingness to produce .
So industrial and commercial paralysis cannot be attributed to either overproduction or overconsumption .
Clearly , the trouble is that production and consumption cannot meet and satisfy each other .
This , it is commonly agreed , arises from speculation .
But speculation in the products of labor simply tends to equalize supply and demand .
It steadies the interplay of production and consumption , much like a flywheel in a machine .
This has been well shown , and spares me the need to illustrate it .
Therefore , the problem must be speculation in things that are not the product of labor .
Yet it must be things needed for production .
And finally , it must be things of fixed quantity .
The cause of recurring recessions must be speculation in land .
This process is obvious in the United States .
During each period of industrial activity , land values rose steadily , culminating in speculation that drove them up in great jumps .
This was invariably followed by a partial cessation of production , reducing effective demand as a correlative .
A commercial crash generally accompanied this .
A period of comparative stagnation followed , during which equilibrium was slowly reestablished .
Then the same cycle began again .
In common parlance , we say " buyers have no money . "
But this ignores the fact that money is only a medium of exchange .
All trade is really the exchange of commodities for other commodities .
What would - be buyers really lack is not money — it is commodities they can turn into money .
Sales may decline and manufacturing orders fall off , yet a widespread desire for these things remains .
This simply shows that the supply of other things — which would be exchanged for them in the course of trade — has declined .
Reduced consumer demand is just a result of decreased production .
This is seen quite clearly in mill towns when workers are thrown out of work .
Since workers have no means to purchase what they desire , storekeepers are left with excess stock .
They must then discharge some of their clerks .
The decreased demand leaves manufacturers with an overstock , and forces them to discharge their workers in the same way .
Somewhere — and it may be at the other end of the world — a check in production has produced a check in demand .
Demand is lessened without want being satisfied .
People want things as much as ever .
But they do not have as much to give for them .
The obstruction then spreads through the whole framework of industry and exchange .
Since the industrial pyramid clearly rests on land , some obstacle must be preventing labor from expending itself on land .
That obstacle is the speculative advance in land values .
It is , in fact , a lockout of labor and capital by landowners .
Though habit has made us used to it , it is a strange and unnatural thing that people , who are willing to work to satisfy their wants , cannot find the opportunity to do so .
We speak of the supply of labor and the demand for labor .
Obviously , these are relative terms .
Labor is what produces wealth .
So the demand for labor always exists — for people always want things that labor alone can provide .
We speak of a lack of jobs , but clearly it is not work that is short .
The supply of labor cannot be too great , nor the demand for labor too small , when people still want those things that labor produces .
Trace this inactivity from point to point , and you will find that unemployment in one trade is caused by unemployment in another .
This cannot arise from too large a supply of labor or too small a demand for labor .
The real trouble must be that supply is somehow prevented from satisfying demand .
Somewhere , there is an obstacle keeping labor from producing the things that laborers want .
Put a few of the vast army of unemployed on an island cut off from all the advantages of a civilized community , without the cooperation and machinery that multiply productivity .
Using only their own hands , they can feed themselves — but where productive power is at its highest , they cannot .
Is this not because they have access to nature in one case , but are denied it in the other ?
The only thing that can explain why people are forced to stand idle when they would willingly work to supply their wants is that labor is denied access to land .
When we speak of labor creating wealth , we speak metaphorically .
People create nothing .
If the whole human race worked forever , it could not create the tiniest speck of dust floating in a sunbeam .
In producing wealth , labor merely manipulates preexisting matter into desired forms by using natural forces .
Therefore , labor must have access to this matter and to those forces to produce wealth .
That is to say , they must have access to land .
Land is the source of all wealth .
It is the substance to which labor gives form .
When labor cannot satisfy its wants , can there be any other cause than that labor is denied access to land ?
The foundation of the industrial structure is land .
Hat makers , opticians , and craftsmen are not the pioneers of new settlements .
Miners did not go to California because shoemakers , tailors , and printers were there .
Rather , those trades followed the miners .
The storekeeper does not bring the farmer , rather the farmer brings the storekeeper .
It is not the growth of the city that develops the country , but the development of the country that raises the city .
Therefore , when people of all trades cannot find opportunity to work , the difficulty must arise in the occupations that create demand for all other employment .
It must be because labor is shut out from land .
In great cities like Philadelphia or London or New York , it may require a grasp of basic principles to see this .
But elsewhere , industrial development has not become so elaborate — nor has the chain of exchange become so widely separated .
There , one has only to look at the obvious facts .
San Francisco ranks among the great cities of the world , though barely thirty years old .
Yet certain symptoms are already beginning to appear .
In older countries , these are taken as evidence of overpopulation .
But it is absurd to talk of excess population in a state with greater natural resources than France , but less than a million people .
Still , unemployment has been growing for a number of years .
When the harvest season opens , the workers go trooping out ; when it is over , they come back again to the city .
Clearly , there are unemployed in the city because they cannot find employment in the country .
It is not that all the land is in use .
Within a few miles of San Francisco is enough unused land to employ everyone who wants work .
I do not mean that everyone could — or should — become a farmer if given the chance .
But enough would do so to give employment to the rest .
What prevents labor from using this land ?
Simply that land has been monopolized .
It is held at speculative prices , based not on present value , but on value that will come with future population growth .
This speculative advance is held with great tenacity in developing communities .
Owners hold on as long as they can , believing prices must eventually rise .
Thus , the speculative advance in rent outran the normal advance .
Production was checked , and demand decreased .
Labor and capital were turned away from occupations directly concerned with land .
So they glutted those where land is a less apparent element .
This is how , for instance , the rapid expansion of railroads was related to the succeeding depression .
It may seem as if I have overlooked one thing in saying the primary cause of depressions is land speculation .
Such a cause should operate progressively ; it should resemble a pressure , not a blow .
Yet industrial depressions seem to come on suddenly .
Let me offer an explanation for this .
Exchange links all forms of industry into one interdependent organization .
For exchanges to be made between producers far removed by space and time , large stocks must be kept in store and in transit .
( This is the great function of capital , in addition to supplying tools and seed . )
These exchanges are made largely on credit : the advance is made on one side before the return is received on the other .
As a rule , these advances are made from more developed industries to fundamental ones .
Natives who trade coconuts for trinkets get their return immediately .
Merchants , on the contrary , let out their goods a long while before getting a return .
Farmers sell their crops for cash as soon as they are harvested .
Manufacturers must keep large stocks , ship goods long distances , and generally sell on installments .
Thus , advances and credits are generally from what we may call secondary to primary industries .
It follows that any check to production that proceeds from the primary will not immediately manifest itself in the secondary .
The system is , as it were , an elastic connection : it will give considerably before breaking .
But when it breaks , it breaks with a snap .
Let me illustrate what I mean another way .
A pyramid is composed of layers , with the bottom layer supporting the rest .
If we could somehow make this bottom layer gradually smaller , the upper part would retain its form for some time .
Eventually , gravity would overcome the adhesiveness of the material .
At this point , it would not diminish gradually , but would break off suddenly , in large pieces .
The industrial organization may be likened to such a pyramid .
As each form of industry develops , through the division of labor , it rises out of the others .
Ultimately , everything rests upon land .
For without land , labor is as powerless as a person would be in the void of space .
We have now explained the main cause and general course of recurring paroxysms of industrial depression , which are a conspicuous feature of modern life .
Political economy can only — and need only — deal with general tendencies .
The exact character of the phenomena cannot be predicted , because the actions and reactions are too diverse .
We know that if a tree is cut , it will fall .
But the precise direction will be determined by the inclination of the trunk , the spread of the branches , the impact of the blows , the direction and force of the wind , and so on .
I have given a cause that clearly explains the main features of recessions .
This is in striking contrast to the contradictory — and self - contradictory — attempts based on current theories .
It is clear that a speculative advance in land values invariably precedes each recession .
That these are cause and effect is obvious to anyone who considers the necessary relation between land and labor .
The recession runs its course and a new equilibrium is established as the normal rent line and the speculative rent line are being brought together by three factors : ( 1 ) The fall of speculative land values , as shown by reduced rents and shrinkage of real estate values in major cities .
( 2 ) The increased efficiency of labor arising from population growth and new technology .
( 3 ) The lowering of customary standards of wages and interest .
When equilibrium is reestablished , renewed activity will set in .
This will again result in a speculative advance of land values .
But wages and interest will not recover their lost ground .
The net result of all these disturbances is the gradual forcing of wages and interest toward their minimum .
London , England ( CNN ) --
Heads hacked off , a bite from a lion , tiger or bear , massive muscles on massive men -- all clues that an ancient cemetery uncovered in northern England is the final resting place of gladiators , scientists have announced after seven years of investigations .
The archeological dig has found " what may be the world 's only well - preserved Roman gladiator cemetery , " the York Archaeological Trust said .
Scientists have found 80 skeletons in the " unique " cemetery under the city of York , northern England , since 2003 .
They announced their discoveries on Sunday , ahead of a documentary about the site due to air in Britain on June 14 .
This was one of two big archaeological developments , with Israeli scientists announcing the discovery of a huge cache of ancient religious objects .
They first thought the graveyard might contain the remains of criminals or political purges .
But that does n't explain the teeth mark .
" One of the most significant items of evidence is a large carnivore bite mark - probably inflicted by a lion , tiger or bear -- an injury which must have been sustained in an arena context , " said Kurt Hunter - Mann , the lead archeologist on the dig .
" Nothing like them has ever been identified before on a Roman skeleton , " said Michael Wysocki , who examined the remains in the forensic anthropology laboratory at the University of Central Lancashire .
He said the bite marks suggest the remains were of someone who fought as a gladiator .
" It would seem highly unlikely that this individual was attacked by a tiger as he was walking home from the pub in York 2,000 years ago , " he said .
One arm was bigger than the other in many remains , the scientists found -- a suggestion that the men were gladiators who trained from a young age with a weapon in one hand .
Other clues include healed and unhealed weapon injuries , possible hammer blows to the head , and burial with " grave goods " such joints of meat or pottery -- a sign of respect .
It 's not certain that the men were gladiators , Hunter - Mann cautioned .
" The research is continuing and we must , therefore , keep an open mind , " the archeologist said .
But " almost all the individuals are male , very robust and mostly above average height -- features which would also be consistent with a gladiator interpretation .
Many also have muscle attachment marks on their arm bones suggesting severe muscle stress , " he said .
They also appear to come from all over the Roman empire , which straddled the Mediterranean for hundreds of years , starting more than 2,000 years ago .
" These are internationally important discoveries .
We do n't have any other potential gladiator cemeteries with this level of preservation anywhere else in the world , " Wysocki said .
The skeletons are between 1,600 and 1,900 years old .
The most impressive grave was that of a tall man aged between 18 and 23 , buried , probably in a coffin , in a large oval grave about 1,700 years ago .
He had been decapitated by several sword blows to the neck , the scientists said .
Buried with him were what appear to have been the remains of substantial joints of meat from at least four horses -- that left behind 424 horse bones -- possibly consumed at the funeral , plus some cow and pig remains .
Other graves also had joints of horse , sheep or chicken , possibly remains of funeral feasts , the archeologists speculated .
The site was first discovered when archeologists probed an area scheduled for a housing development in 2003 .
Also on Monday , Israeli archeologists announced the discovery of a huge cache of religious objects about 3,500 years old -- older than the Bible itself , and nearly twice the age of the Roman skeletons .
" It would appear that the vessels were used in a pagan cult that worshipped idols .
During this period it was customary that each city had a temple of its own where special cultic vessels were used , " said archaeologists Uzi Ad and Edwin van den Brink .
They include a vessel that was used for burning incense , a sculpted face of a woman that was part of a cultic cup used in dedicating a libation to a god , goblets and bowls with high bases and tableware that was intended for eating and drinking , the Israel Antiquities Authority said .
Scientists called the discovery " extremely rare " -- both because it is so old and because the objects are so well preserved .
Some of them had been brought from Mycenae in Greece , including a storage vessel for precious oils -- evidence of the ancient trade relations that existed with Greece , they said .
As Americans have grown fatter over the last generation , inviting more heart disease , diabetes and premature deaths , all that extra weight has also become a burden in the maternity ward , where babies take their first breath of life .
About one in five women are obese when they become pregnant , meaning they have a body mass index of at least 30 , as would a 5 - foot - 5 woman weighing 180 pounds , according to researchers with the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
And medical evidence suggests that obesity might be contributing to record - high rates of Caesarean sections and leading to more birth defects and deaths for mothers and babies .
Hospitals , especially in poor neighborhoods , have been forced to adjust .
They are buying longer surgical instruments , more sophisticated fetal testing machines and bigger beds .
They are holding sensitivity training for staff members and counseling women about losing weight , or even having bariatric surgery , before they become pregnant .
At Maimonides Medical Center in Brooklyn , where 38 percent of women giving birth are obese , Patricia Garcia had to be admitted after she had a stroke , part of a constellation of illnesses related to her weight , including diabetes and weak kidneys .
" And , oh , while you 're up , I 'm going to be needing , uh . . . $ 159 billion this go - around , you know , for the troops .
Thanks . "
" The purpose of this bill is to connect the dots , and to show people in a real and concrete way the cost of these endless wars , " Grayson wrote .
" War is a permanent feature of our societal landscape , so much so that no one notices it anymore . "
" emergency "
" Wait a second ! "
THE GOD OF WAR does n't dine on raw shank bone or bellow orders quite like he used to .
When he talks to Congress , it goes more like this :
It works .
With the war on terror in its 9th year and disappearing from even the pretense of national debate , let alone outrage and protest , and with the President of Hope prosecuting it so quietly most of us no longer notice , we could be at an eerie national transition point , beyond which war is no longer controversial or a big deal but just the way things are : " normal , " like background noise .
And the enormous transfusions of cash it requires - well , nice people do n't talk about it .
Oh Lord .
Then along comes Alan Grayson freshman congressman from Florida , who has some fresh ideas about how to forestall this Orwellian transition .
He introduced one of these ideas in the House last week .
It 's called H.R. 5353 : The War Is Making You Poor Act .
It 's steeped stunningly in common sense and common knowledge , appeals in a blatant , teabagger sort of way to self - interest and everyman 's taxation phobia - and strikes me as the focal point , almost Gandhiesque in the clarity of its outrage , of a reborn movement to end our wars in Asia and halt the spread of American hubris .
H.R. 5353 directly addresses the war 's currentspending bill , which is about to come up for a vote and will - of course ! of course !
- pass as usual , with little debate , with perfunctory media mention .
The current White House request , part of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 2011 , is for $ 159.3 billion .
The War Is Making You Poor
Act plucks that number out of anonymity and screams , This is an enormous amount of money , almost beyond calculation , and we must not make a decision about it transfixed in financial numbness .
The bill mandates that our operations in Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan be funded out of the regular Department of Defense budget , which in 2011 is $ 549 billion .
The $ 159.3 billion in special funds would be used instead to eliminate the federal tax on every American 's first $ 35,000 of income ( or $ 70,000 for married couples ) .
And that still leaves $ 16 billion for paying down the national debt .
Yeah , I know , it 's crazy .
You can't mess with the system like this .
The War God 's funding machine grinds with bipartisan inevitability .
I 've watched the process over the years in mounting despair .
Our elected reps are , at best , helplessly polite in the face of this inevitability .
Dissent is token .
We 're on a permanent war footing in this country and will be till hell freezes over .
Thus it is written .
Read the New York Times .
Grayson 's bill comes from so far outside the Beltway consensus I felt instant enthusiasm for it .
My guess is that others will , too .
Within a few days of the bill 's introduction , nearly 24,000 people had signed the congressman 's online petition endorsing it .
For starters , I 'd like to see that number hit six figures .
Why not seven ?
The bill right now has seven co-sponsors : Dennis Kucinich , Lynn Woolsey , John Conyers , Barbara Lee , Bob Filner and two Republican mavericks , Ron Paul and Walter Jones .
Call your rep and urge him or her to support it as well .
This is the only way it 's going to happen , folks - we have to make our numbers felt on Capitol Hill .
We have to break the unwritten rules that make even honest debate over these hellish wars impermissible .
Mainstream coverage of Grayson 's bill has been skimpy and dismissive .
The big news outlets crossed over long ago into Orwell 's nightmare and , at their privileged remove , fully embrace it .
As Salon columnist Glenn Greenwald notes : " The decree that we are ‘ at war ' has been repeated over and over for a full decade , drummed into our heads from all directions without pause , sanctified as one of those Bipartisan Orthodoxies that nobody can dispute upon pain of having one 's Seriousness credentials immediately and irrevocably revoked .
" I submit that it 's time to reclaim our country - $ 159 billion at a time .
- Robert C. Koehler , " Stopping Orwell 's Nightmare " , CommonDreams.org , 5.27.2010 .
Image : " The Monolith " from " 2001 : A Space Odyssey , " directed by Stanley Kubrick , 1968 ) .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Owning a home can be a blessing or a curse .
Truly , homeownership can lead to great wealth or great financial ruin .
If you ’re thinking about buying a house , consider these potential expenses before diving in .
While you might already be paying for some of these things while renting , it is still important to have an idea of what you are getting into when purchasing a home .
Property Taxes
It can be easy to brush off how much money you can spend by paying property taxes – especially if you WANT the home NOW .
Property tax can be charged by state , county , or local authorities .
It is wise to do your homework before signing on the dotted line , because property tax is one of the most expensive pieces of homeownership .
If you ’re looking to buy a condo , consider homeowner association ( HOA ) fees .
This is typically a fixed tax to pay for exterior building maintenance and grounds care .
A great way to check on what the property insurance for a residence is would be to check the local tax assessor ’s office .
There , you will find truckloads of information on tax laws that may affect you as a homeowner .
Insurance
It is extremely important to protect your assets .
Your home is probably the most expensive object you may ever own .
Homeowners insurance is vital because it can protect you against fire , burglary , and other losses .
I highly recommend shopping around for the best insurance available , and be sure to take into consideration this necessary cost .
Maintenance
I remember when we bought our first home .
We knew that there would be maintenance costs here and there , but we had no clue how much .
Within a year of moving in , we had to replace our dishwasher , dryer , washer , and outside balcony support beam .
Thankfully , we had learned how to easily pay for emergencies .
There are many other non-emergency and predictable scenarios that you might have to pay for .
Homeowners have to pay periodically for lawn and yard care .
This can be a major cost , but the more you do yourself the less you pay .
Also consider seasonal costs for pest control .
Who wants ants raiding their kitchen ?
Occasionally you may have to maintain heating , ventilation , and air - conditioning systems as well .
Utilities
You ’ll want to make sure to figure out your monthly utilities cost .
Utilities can include electricity , phone , gas , and water .
You can cut down on your utilities cost by purchasing a reasonably small home .
The less rooms you have to heat , light , and power , the less money you spend .
Make a list of your utilities and compare it with your budgeted income .
Upgrades
If you ’re buying a fixer - upper , please do n’t forget to estimate the cost of replacing the floors , installing new cabinetry , and redoing the landscaping .
While you may get a great deal on these properties , the total cost of ownership might be higher than you expect .
Surround Yourself With Knowledgeable People
Buying a home should n’t be an impulsive decision .
Surround yourself with people who know what they ’re doing , and you ’ll come out ahead .
Realtors can be a great help , but do n’t stop there .
Do you have friends or family who are real estate savvy ?
Ask them to provide an unbiased opinion .
You need someone to tell you if you are getting in over your head .
Real estate is a valuable investment – as long as it is pursued properly .
Peter expands on this topic in his excellent article “ Buying A New House Is Not Cheap . ”
Read it for clarification on mortgage interest , down payments , and other miscellaneous charges .
Plans fail for lack of counsel , but with many advisers they succeed .
- Proverbs 15:22 NIV
Have you already bought a home ?
What are some other costs to consider before diving in ?
Monkey Patching & Gorilla Engineering : Protocols In Clojure
We ’re coming up on the release of another major milestone in Clojure , version 1.2 .
In general , Clojure is getting better , faster , more robust , and more reliable .
But the language is still new enough that a few major features get added every iteration , and 1.2 is not an exception to that rule .
The most exciting feature we ’re about to see hit mainstream in 1.2 isand , part of Clojure ’s new single - dispatch calling convention .
Protocols and Types in Clojure are a way to try and solve the age old problem : how do I assocaite behavior and data in a flexible way without totally shooting myself in the foot ?
They offer an interesting way to structure the relationship between behavior and data ; they keep a quintessentially verb-centric outlook ( similar to lisp ) , but focus on single - dispatch on classes ( like Java or Ruby ) .
Unlike both , inheritance of objects is totally decoupled from them ; objects either conform to protocols or they do not , without any notion of hierarchy .
And in this , Clojure developers get access to something not - unlike Ruby ’s infamous “ monkey patching ” without the danger .
Monkey Patching
Before we dive into what Clojure is doing , let ’s review how other people have tried to solve this problem .
Java and C# have gone the route of interfaces , which are basically abstract classes that you tie into the inheritance hierarchy .
Python and Ruby go for a more dynamic what - you - find - is - what - you - get approach that is typical for dynamic typing , using message sending as the dispatching mechanism .
This generally works , but has some serious issues .
In Ruby , this is called “ Monkey Patching ” and it ’s considered fairly dangerous .
For example :
In case that went by too fast , we re-opened the system ’s string class and shoved a new method on there .
All strings , both existing and newly created , would have the method .
This is a very powerful technique that lets us extend classes that we know about , and it ’s pretty impressive when you do a few clever monkeypatches and suddenly your code looks 2 lines long , but …
The danger of open classes and this sort of chicanery is that you can step on other people ’s toes .
Since a monkeypatch echos around the code , conflicting monkeypatches can subtly and thoroughly hose your system .
Ruby lore is full of examples of terrible consequences for monkeypatching .
Every monkeypatch change has to be carefully weighed against the potential risk of other libraries that might want to modify that same behavior .
Unpredictability in your base classes is generally not something to be encouraged , and so in many software shops the process is outright forbidden or taken only with extreme caution .
Really , that ’s a shame .
People want to use the technique because it can take code and make it incredibly clear and succinct .
System class writers can’t anticipate everything in advance , and the ability to project our verbs and behaviors onto existing classes would be a real boon .
Protocols
Enter Clojure and the Protocols and Types .
Let ’s start off with Protocols because they ’re simple .
A protocol is sort of like an interface in Java or C# , but is n’t associated with any inheritance .
A protocol is just a list of methods tied to a name in a namespace .
Here ’s an example of clojure code for a protocol :
So we ’re writing a library that uses Bloom Filters to test for object membership .
Every object may need to write its own logic for how to hash itself suitably for a bloom filter ( e.g. , collections might want to hash each member individually or focus on their own identity ) .
We start by making a protocol that describes what we ’d like to see types do .
This protocol is just a bundle of method signatures associated with the name “ blogpost.bloomfilters.BloomFilterable ” .
Put that thought on hold for a minute , we ’ll come back to it shortly .
Types
Types are the exact opposite of Protocols , they are just data , but with no required implementation .
The basic syntax for types is trivial :
The difference between defrecord and deftype is that defrecord supports keyed access ( like hashmaps in Clojure ) and some basic helper methods , deftype just makes exactly what you specify .
Simple , right ?
Connecting Protocols With Types
We have types , we have protocols , let ’s connect our BloomFilterable to our MyIntHolder type :
Since the functions we ’re calling in the protocol are namespaced to our blogpost .
bloomfiler namespace , there is n’t any risk of anyone else tripping over that name .
Every other namespace could have a make - hash function each doing something totally different and a careful Clojure programmer could successfully use all of them as intended .
Performance & Safety At A Fraction Of The Cost
This approach is slightly more static than the monkey patching technique we described for Ruby ; there are protocols laid out in advance and you write code to them .
But , in general most Ruby mixins ( and even Objective - C delegates ) have “ informal protocols ” .
There is usually as set of functions that logic expects to be able to call objects to get them to at least coerce to known types .
So writing them out in advance is probably a good idea .
You ’re going to put it in your documentation anyways .
For the small cost of writing out an agreed - upon contract in advance , Clojure gives you quite a bit .
In terms of safety this approach is light - years ahead .
And performance wise , the Clojure compiler can make smart decisions about how to make calls , making it nearly as fast to call as a direct method invocation on an Object .
But most of all , this gives you controlled extensibility .
Library writers can write their code to protocols and generics that library users can safely use to slide their own types into place .
It ’s What I ’m Not Saying
Protocols and Types are cool , but they ’re only one of the mechanisms that Clojure provides for developers who want extensible interfaces .
Clojure also provides a multiple dispatch facility with defgeneric and defmethod , along with arbitrary ad - hoc type hierarchies .
While slightly less efficient than the new protocol system , they allow you to get rid of degenerate implicit logic like the Visitor Pattern .
And of course all the stuff everyone glows about in Clojure is getting better with every release .
Mike Senese is one of the hosts of the Science Channel 's Catch It Keep
It , where he's the " Engineer of Destruction . "
He puts his engineering chops to use coming up with how - to projects in support of his love of pizza .
He 's used to flamethrowers , so we figured he would n't mind a turn in the hot seat here .
— The Mgmt .
Name : Mike Senese
Location : Los Angeles , formerly San Francisco
Website : mikesenese.com /DOIT ; @msenese on Twitter
You got a lot of attention for your post on making a temporary DIY WFO .
Did you participate in the construction ?
Did it inspire you to make your own temporary oven or to build a more permanent one ?
That oven was part of a two - day pizza course that I took last year at Machine Project , a Los Angeles art / event / workshop group .
We built the oven collaboratively over the course of a few hours , following the lead of the instructor , Michael O'Malley .
Its simplicity and effectiveness was completely energizing : Turns out you do n't HAVE to spend months completely renovating your back yard if you want to experiment with wood - fired pizza ovens .
Just stack a bunch of bricks together , bolt some angle iron around them to hold everything in place , and voilà : pizza oven !
Of course , it does n't have the elegance of a permanent , masterfully crafted WFO , but the pizzas it cooked were amazing , and we had it torn down and packed up by 4 p.m .
The instructor actually brought all the supplies in that morning on his trailer , and brought them home that night .
And , he gave me the jig for making the arch .
I 've been meaning to post the dimensions on my site — it 's super simple .
Over the holidays I was getting the materials together to build one at my parents ' house and make pizzas for the family but was deterred by a small blizzard .
We ended up grilling the pizzas on the barbecue instead .
I still have make one of these temporary - style ones for them at some point .
Most likely , I 'll cement it together in a more permanent fashion .
It 's hard to find the time during visits to go all - out on a major build project .
You also made a pizza peel , but folks were like , " That 's too thick ! "
Did you ever try revising the how - to ?
I posted a few pizza peel designs on that page , some of them are very rudimentary and yes , thick , but my favorite is the one by binkyswoodworking .com .
His design has a smooth , gradual taper from both sides , starting at approximately 1/16 inch and ending at 1 - inch thick by the handle .
The nice thing about the continuous double taper is there is no serious transition to get caught on when placing or removing the pizza in the oven , and it allows you to maneuver around in a standard floor oven from a more natural standing position , rather than having to kneel on the kitchen floor to get the peel under the pizza .
Recently , though , I 've gone back to primarily using my metal peel .
I love to eat lunch at the kitchen counter at A16 and watch them make pizza , and they only use metal peels .
After getting to use Jeff Krupman 's fancy perforated peel , I drilled out my aluminum one this weekend to make a DIY replication .
The idea is that it helps reduce burnt , bitter flour buildup under the pizza when you put it in the oven .
Possibly even helps with lessening chances of pizza sticking .
Results should be posted on my site by the end of the week .
As you do n't have a WFO at home , what do you normally use to make your pizzas ?
In my current house I have an older gas oven with a removable floor .
By having the pizza stone placed on the rack , over direct flame , I 'm able to get the stone up to 650 º F — much better than most current kitchen ovens , although still not as high as I 'd ultimately like it to be .
I found I have to place the stone a couple spaces up the rack because the bottom was burning faster than the top would cook , but I 've got it dialed in working pretty well now .
The oven design is oddly narrow and deep so I have my stone placed sideways and toppings occasionally get lost in the back .
What 's next from your mad pizza scientist lab ?
My hero right now is Jeff Krupman , aka Pizzahacker [ interviewed here on Slice in March 2010 — The Mgmt . ] .
His PizzaForge oven design is the epitome of DIY awesomeness .
I 've met up with him a few times ; I spent an evening making pizza with him in SF and another couple nights building an oven with him in his back yard .
I have a PizzaForge prototype at my place that I 'm experimenting with , both for cooking and design - wise .
I 'm as excited about it as a kid who just discovered a box full of unopened baseball cards .
I 'm also in the process of building some self - watering tomato containers .
Last year 's tomato plants were a total failure : I was able to make one pizza with the sauce I made from the one small batch of fruit that grew .
I figure that one pizza cost me about $ 75 .
What style of pizza do you normally do ?
I 'm in love with the Neapolitan pizza style , which is not really possible to get perfect in a home kitchen .
But I try anyway .
What 's your favorite topping or topping combination to make ?
My go - to pizza tends to be marinara .
Sauce , garlic , basil .
I like to add kalamata olives , too .
Just simple , bold flavors that go well together .
It 's the pizza I always get at A16 ( pictured above ) , and love to try to replicate .
On my last NYC pizza expedition I stuck with marinaras as a way to have an even comparison between all the places .
Do you cook for friends / neighbors ?
I LOVE to cook for friends and neighbors .
My regular birthday routine involves making a big batch of dough , a huge bowl of sauce , and inviting all my pals over for a nonstop pizza party .
I 've done this the past four or five years and see no reason to stop .
I can't think of a better way to celebrate than by cooking pizza for all my pals .
What do your friends and family think of your pizza madness ?
Sometimes I forget that I 'm a bit more pizza - obsessive than the normal person , but I think I 've inspired a few other pals to get pretty involved in pizza making .
It 's fun to have friends to share the learning process with .
I also get the " You should open a restaurant " line from friends .
A lot .
I do n't think I will , but they 're very encouraging .
The Pizza Cognition
Theory states that " the first slice of pizza a child sees and tastes ... becomes , for him , pizza . "
Do you remember your first slice ?
Where was it from , is the place still around , and if so , does it hold up ?
On that note , has your taste in pizza evolved over time ?
The first pizza that I 'm cognitive of eating was Frankie 's Firehouse in Enfield , Connecticut .
I just checked and , yes , they 're still around , been open since 1958 .
I do n't have any recollection of what their pizza was like , but I remember loving it as a kid .
In high school , college , and afterward I worked in a few pizzerias , delivery - style joints to family sit - down places .
Those remain some of the most fun jobs I 've had .
But the moment when everything changed was in 2002 , when I went to Naples , Italy , to visit family .
I was directed to a pizzeria called Di Matteo on Via Tribunale .
It 's little more than a walk - up counter , but it changed the way I looked at everything involving pizza .
Where do you go for pizza in your area ( when you 're not making your own ) ?
I 'm still searching for a pizza joint in L.A. that makes an absolutely outstanding pie .
Pizzeria Mozza is the best I 've found so far , but the last few visits it seemed dry and overcooked .
There 's nothing truly Neapolitan in L.A .
The one main place in town that does Neapolitan pizza is not that great .
There are a few places I still need to try , I 've heard Terroni and Pace and Caioti are good .
A new place opened in San Diego recently , Pizzeria Bruno Napoletano .
I stumbled upon it almost accidentally , and was blown away .
Peter Lutz , one of the owners , talked shop with me for an hour after my meal , let me go behind the counter to check out their oven ( gorgeous ) and show me around .
Easily the best pizza I 've found in southern California .
Two hours from Los Angeles and worth the drive .
What 's most important to you : crust , sauce , or cheese ?
Right now I 'm fixated on getting my dough perfect .
I 've got a nice starter in my fridge that has been producing good results , although I 'd like to play with the Ischia yeast ( sourdo.com ) that a lot of people are into right now .
My grandfather was born in Ischia , so I feel obligated to test it out .
This question makes me think about a possible " pick two " theory .
If two of the three components are good , you 've got a good pizza .
Just one being good is n't sufficient .
I just made this up right now , but it seems to might make sense .
What one thing should NEVER go on a pizza ?
Every horrible pizza I can imagine is inevitably made by someone into an amazing , gourmet creation later on .
But I do n't think you could make a good pizza with nacho cheese sauce .
I dare someone to prove me wrong .
Weirdest pizza you 've ever eaten ?
I had " pizza " in Otavalo , Ecuador , that was literally ketchup on toast .
I do n't even know if that counts , but they INSISTED on calling it pizza .
What 's the farthest you 've traveled for pizza ?
The farthest was when I flew from Norway to Italy for a return trip to Di Matteo .
It was August , and when I arrived to Naples I discovered that nearly every business in the city shuts down for vacation for the entire month .
This led to me spending four unplanned weeks in Italy waiting for Di Matteo to reopen .
I succeeded in finding a couple other great pizzerias .
And at one point I got arrested by the police for riding a rented bicycle on the freeway .
If you have anything else you 'd like to include , feel free to make up a question or questions to ask yourself !
Not sure of a question for this , but here 's a fun timelapse video of me making pizza from a couple years ago :
Also , I 'd love to introduce everyone to the awesomeness that is the " pizza strip " — a Rhode Island Italian bakery phenomenon .
Dough is pressed into a low , large , rectangular pan and covered with a zesty tomato sauce , baked , and then cut into delicious strips approximately 3 - by - 6 inches .
Served room temperature .
They 're cheap — a few years back I think I would get three for $ 2 , or maybe even less , at a place near my grandmother 's old house called Calvitto's on Park Avenue in Cranston , Rhode Island .
I 'd order them a dozen at a time , and usually eat most or all of them at once .
Anything else you 'd like to get off your chest ?
A couple years ago I decided to go vegan , to fight cholesterol ( primarily due to the quantity of cheese pizza I was making and eating ) .
Some of the best pizzas I had found in Italy were cheeseless , so the proposition of giving it up did n't scare me .
But it often leads to a heavy interrogation when I tell people I 'm crazy about pizza but no dairy .
I try not to preach about things , but I 'd love for people to stop thinking it 's so strange .
That said , yes , cheese is definitely delicious .
Now :
Who would you like to see interviewed next ?
I nominate Peter Lutz from Bruno Pizzeria San Diego or Charlie Hallowell from Pizzaiolo ( Oakland ) — both are knowledgeable and awesomely friendly guys who have some great pizza insight to share .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
The Shutdowns Are Unconstitutional
Our Constitution guarantees us certain rights that may not be abridged .
The many government shutdown orders violate these rights .
For this reason alone , the shutdown orders should be rescinded immediately .
Furthermore , federal prosecutors should indict state governors for abuse of power for , in effect , creating a police state within their boundaries .
The first amendment to the Constitution [ 1 ] prohibits government from abridging the right of the people peaceably to assemble .
Therefore , all actions to limit people from gathering together in whatever number and wherever they may choose are specifically prohibited by the Constitution , the Supreme Law of the Land .
The fifth amendment [ 2 ] prohibits government from depriving a person of his property without due process of law .
All pronouncements by state governors forcing certain types of businesses to close were not conducted in anything resembling due process ; therefore , these actions are specifically prohibited by the Constitution , the Supreme Law of the Land .
The fourteenth amendment [ 3 ] assures citizens that the protections of the Constitution , including amendments , are applicable to state and municipal governments ; therefore , state governors may not claim that the above two amendments prohibiting them from abridging their citizens right to peaceable assembly and depriving them of life , liberty , or property without due process of law apply only to the federal government and not apply to them .
Yet today state governors are violating both the first and fifth amendments .
For example , Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf issued an executive order [ 4 ] on March 6 , 2020 restricting Pennsylvania citizens ’ rights to assemble and depriving them of their property through blanket closure orders .
His proclamation cited several sections of the Pennsylvania statute law , authorizing him to prevent citizens from entering disaster areas .
He cited no section of the Pennsylvania Constitution giving him power to close down businesses , yet that is exactly what he did .
His proclamation initially applied to six counties in southeast Pennsylvania , subsequently expanded to the entire state .
It is obvious that the statutes were meant to be applied to restricting the public ’s access to areas suffering from floods , tornadoes , hurricanes , fires , etc. Governor Wolf ’s interpretation of expanded powers would mean that he can become a dictator whenever he himself deems it necessary .
This is at odds with the US Constitution and , if unchallenged , would mean the end of that founding document as the Supreme Law of the Land .
The Shutdowns Are Ineffective
There is no objective evidence that government shutdowns and restrictions of civil liberties are working to restrict the spread of the coronavirus .
In fact no government has even attempted to do so .
Governments simply assume that lockdowns will work .
It is clear that governments understand little about the virus and its ability to spread .
If the shutdowns cannot prevent the Prince of Wales and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson from catching the virus , then citizens everywhere have been deprived of basic freedoms for nothing .
There ’s a good reason why no government claims to have a criteria for success or failure .
There is no criteria and there can be no criteria .
There simply is too little understanding of how the virus originates , the manner and how fast it spreads , or the proper mitigation remedies .
Even fear - monger - in chief , director of the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases Dr. Anthony Fauci , admitted that “ I ’ve looked at all the models .
I ’ve spent a lot of time on the models .
They do n’t tell you anything .
You ca n’t really rely upon models . ”
In fact a government shutdown order is an admission of this fact .
If government knew more it would do less , if it decided to do anything .
Americans especially seem to be seeking solace or reaffirmation of governments ’ wisdom in statistical data , models , and accurate projections that simply do not exist .
The models have too many unknown variables .
Universal shutdowns defy logic .
Since so much is unknown , the government should not pretend to know the best course of action .
Radical decentralization of decision making is best , a policy recommended by Nobel Laureate Richard Feynman .
Let every person decide for himself the best course of action based upon his personal circumstances , experiences , and knowledge .
Of course , one ’s personal experience includes considering what is reported as happening to others and the recommended courses of action by health care experts .
Radical decentralization will result in many diverse protective and preventative actions taken by many different individuals .
Shutting down ALL business and social activities not only prevents the wide gathering of knowledge from many diverse people , but it exposes an entire population to what may later be determined to be completely ineffective or even counter - effective actions .
Businesses such as grocery stores that have been allowed to remain open have adopted impressive virus thwarting protections for their customers and employees .
Customers are accepting these impressive preventive measures with great calm , courtesy , and patience .
Government coercion definitely is not required .
One can expect that these private actions will continue to evolve and improve .
In short , government blanket shutdown orders are not necessary .
A further logical fallacy is that government knows exactly how much risk each person should be allowed to take in reacting to the coronavirus crisis .
Some people are more risk averse to catching the virus than others .
If we all were one hundred percent risk averse , no one would get out of bed in the morning .
But risk is part and parcel of life .
We take risks just driving our cars ( 38,000 traffic deaths per year ) , swimming in pools ( 3,500 drownings per year ) , not to mention accepting the risks of smoking , drinking , consuming fatty foods , flying private airplanes , bungee jumping , etc .
There is risk in taking a shower or bath ( over 100,000 injuries per year ) , walking up and down stairs ( one million injuries and 12,000 deaths ) … the examples truly are endless .
Why not allow all businesses to adopt whatever measures they deem appropriate and that their customers will accept and allow individuals to accept whatever risk they find appropriate individually ?
The Shutdowns Are Immensely Destructive
On March 30 , 2020 the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis , well known in banking and financial circles as the Fed system ’s premier statistical arm , projected that government mandated shutdowns would result in over 47 million unemployed in America , for an unemployment rate of over 32 percent .
During the Great Depression of the 1930 ’s , unemployment in America peaked at around 25 percent .
Government has not even attempted to identify much less quantify the mental and physical health and cultural risks of forcing citizens to remain alienated from one another .
How about the cost of bankrupting millions of people ?
Incalculable !
We assume that life will return to normal as soon as the shutdown is lifted .
It will not do so and may never do so .
Any new business venture must calculate the possibility that it may be shut down for almost any reason .
Remember , so far the coronavirus has not surpassed the lethality of many previous flu’s , and no one ever suspected that governments would react this way .
Now businessmen must calculate the probably unknowable risk of seeing one ’s life savings destroyed for some now unknown so - called crisis in the future .
Finally ( or maybe not finally ) we just cannot calculate the damage done to the international division of labor .
Our standard of living , which includes our ability to protect ourselves from unknown risks , depends upon our wealth .
Destroying world trade will make us all much less secure from many of life ’s challenges .
Conclusion
The long term adverse effects of the coronavirus crisis will be two fold .
One , our leaders claim that our very freedoms and liberties were barriers to dealing effectively with the crisis and , therefore , it was right and proper that government at all levels take actions to rescind our Constitutionally protected liberties .
Two , that free trade , globalization , and capitalism caused and exacerbated the crisis .
Free trade made the US too dependent upon foreigners for critical medical supplies and , therefore , trade restrictions need to be expanded .
Both of these claims are false ; nevertheless , our freedoms and our standard of living will suffer greatly .
Unfortunately it appears that the public generally agrees with these false narratives and are willing to sacrifice their freedoms and the freedoms of others for the questionable promise of greater security .
If so , then it is likely that government has only whetted its insatiable appetite for further restrictions of our liberties in the future for so - called crises that it itself claims exit .
Patrick Barron
[ 1 ] AMENDMENT I
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances .
[ 2 ] AMENDMENT V
No person shall be held to answer for a capital , or otherwise infamous crime , unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury , except in cases arising in the land or naval forces , or in the Militia , when in actual service in time of War or public danger ; nor shall any person be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb ; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself , nor be deprived of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor shall private property be taken for public use , without just compensation .
[ 3 ] AMENDMENT XIV
Section 1 .
All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside .
No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws .
[ 4 ] Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf ’s Shutdown Order
COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR ORDER OF THE GOVERNOR OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA REGARDING THE CLOSURE OF ALL BUSINESSES THAT ARE NOT LIFE SUSTAINING WHEREAS , the World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( “ CDC ” ) have declared a novel coronavirus ( “ COVID - 19 ” ) a “ public health emergency of international concern , ” and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ( “ HHS ” ) Secretary has declared that COVID - 19 creates a public health emergency ; and WHEREAS , as of March 6 , 2020 , I proclaimed the existence of a disaster emergency throughout the Commonwealth pursuant to 35 Pa. C.S. § 7301 ( c ) ; and WHEREAS , I am charged with the responsibility to address dangers facing the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania that result from disasters .
35 Pa. C.S. § 7301 ( a ) ; and WHEREAS , in addition to general powers , during a disaster emergency I am authorized specifically to control ingress and egress to and from a disaster area and the movement of persons within it and the occupancy of premises therein ; and suspend or limit the sale , dispensing , or transportation of alcoholic beverages , firearms , and combustibles .
35 Pa. C.S. § 7301 ( f ) ; and WHEREAS , in executing the extraordinary powers outlined above , I am further authorized during a disaster emergency to issue , amend and rescind executive orders , proclamations and regulations and those directives shall have the force and effect of law .
35 Pa. C.S. § 7301 ( b ) ; and WHEREAS , in addition to my authority , my Secretary of Health has the authority to determine and employ the most efficient and practical means for the prevention and suppression of disease .
71 P.S. § 532( a ) , 71 P.S. 1403 ( a ) ; and WHEREAS , these means include isolation , quarantine , and any other control measure needed .
35 P.S. § 521.5 .
NOW THEREFORE , pursuant to the authority vested in me and my Administration by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , I do hereby ORDER and PROCLAIM as follows : Section 1 : Prohibition on Operation of Businesses that are not Life Sustaining All prior orders and guidance regarding business closures are hereby superseded .
No person or entity shall operate a place of business in the Commonwealth that is not a life sustaining business regardless of whether the business is open to members of the public .
This prohibition does not apply to virtual or telework operations ( e.g. , work from home ) , so long as social distancing and other mitigation measures are followed in such operations .
Life sustaining businesses may remain open , but they must follow , at a minimum , the social distancing practices and other mitigation measures defined by the Centers for Disease Control to protect workers and patrons .
A list of life sustaining businesses that may remain open is attached to and incorporated into this Order .
Enforcement actions will be taken against non-life sustaining businesses that are out of compliance effective March 21 , 2020 , at 12:01 a.m. Section 2 : Prohibition on Dine - In Facilities including Restaurants and Bars All restaurants and bars previously have been ordered to close their dine - in facilities to help stop the spread of COVID - 19 .
Businesses that offer carry - out , delivery , and drive - through food and beverage service may continue , so long as social distancing and other mitigation measures are employed to protect workers and patrons .
Enforcement actions will be taken against businesses that are out of compliance effective March 19 , 2020 , at 8 p.m. Section 3 : Effective Date and Duration
This order is effective immediately and will remain in effect until further notice .
GIVEN under my hand and the Seal of the Governor , at the city of Harrisburg , on this nineteenth day of March two thousand twenty , the year of the commonwealth the two hundred and forty - fourth .
TOM WOLF Governor
Tonight , the Tate Britain is holding a summer party in which it is also celebrating 20 years of BP sponsorship ( Galleries and museums face summer of protest over BP arts sponsorship , 25 June ) .
As crude oil continues to devastate coastlines and communities in the Gulf of Mexico , BP executives will be enjoying a cocktail reception with curators and artists at Tate Britain .
These relationships enable big oil companies to mask the environmentally destructive nature of their activities with the social legitimacy that is associated with such high - profile cultural associations .
We represent a cross-section of people from the arts community that believe that the BP logo represents a stain on Tate 's international reputation .
Many artists are angry that Tate and other national cultural institutions continue to sidestep the issue of oil sponsorship .
Little more than a decade ago , tobacco companies were seen as respectable partners for public institutions to gain support from – that is no longer the case .
It is our hope that oil and gas will soon be seen in the same light .
The public is rapidly coming to recognise that the sponsorship programmes of BP and Shell are means by which attention can be distracted from their impacts on human rights , the environment and the global climate .
Hans Haacke , artist
John Keane , artist
Caryl Churchill , playwright
Matthew Herbert , electronic artist and composer
Suzi Gablik , art critic and writer
Gordon Roddick , art philanthopist
Rebecca Solnit , writer and art critic
Lucy R. Lippard , writer and curator
Davey Anderson , playwright
Adam Chodzko , artist
Beverly Naidus , artist and professor
Suzanne Lacy , artist
Chris Jordan , artist
Cat Phillipps , artist
Martin Rowson , cartoonist
Robert Newman , comedian and writer
Sonia Boyce , artist
Barbara Steveni , artist and initiator of Artist Placement Group
Peter Fend , artist
SaiMuRai ( Simon Murray ) , writer , poet , artist
Ackroyd & Harvey , artists
Aidan Jolly , musician , community artist
Jon Sack , artist
Matthew Lee Knowles , composer
Theodore Price , artist
Scott Massey , artist
Ben Mellor , writer , performer , educator
Gary Anderson , The Institute for the Art and Practice of Dissent at Home , artist collective
David Haley FRSA , ecological artist and Senior Research Fellow
Alana Jelinek , artist and curator
Rachel Anderson , creative producer
John Volynchook , photographer
Jackie Brookner , artist
Maya Ramsay , artist / art educator
Neil Callaghan , artist
Jonathan Baxter , artist and arts organiser
Mark McGowan , artist
Catrin Evans , artistic director and theatre practitioner
James Stenhouse , artist
Charlie Fox , artist and producer
Roxanne Permar , artist
Jane Lawson , artist
John Jordan , artist and writer
Hemant Anant Jain , illustrator
The Space Hijackers , art interventionists
Clare Patey artist / curator
Matthias von Hartz , Director Hamburg International Festival
Lois Keidan , Live art Development Agency
Lucy Neal , artist and producer
Lise Autogena , artist
Marcelo Expósito , artist and critic
Steve Duncombe , cultural theorist / writer
Cameron Davis , artist and professor of art at Vermont University
Kim Stringfellow , artist / associate professor , SDSU
Ros Martin , poet and playwright
Amy Balkin , artist
John Hartley , artist
Amber Hickey , artist
Christian Nold , artist
Isabeau Doucet , painter
Jean Grant , creative director
Hayley Newman , artist
Christian de Sousa , artist and photographer
Immo Klink , artist
Susan Kelly , artist and art lecturer
Aviv Kruglanski , artist
Steve Stuffit , artist
Helen Spackman , artistic director and senior lecturer in performing arts
Lorena Rivero de Beer , artist
Janey Hunt , artist
Gregory Sholette , artist and writer
Mem Morrison , artistic director
Lars Kwakkenbos , artist and writer
Tom Besley , producer
Jane Trowell , Platform , arts / activist organisation
Fran Crowe , artist
Sharon Salazar , filmmaker / director
Leah Gordon , photographer , filmmaker and curator
Alke Schmidt , artist
Monika Vykoukal , curator
CJ Mitchell , deputy director of Live Art Development Agency
Julian Maynard Smith , director of Station House Opera
Sue Palmer , artist
Brett Bloom , artist
Kerry Burton , artist
Isa Fremeaux , The Laboratory of Insurrectionary Imagination , art / activist collective
Anna Francis , artist
Ana Betancour , artist and architect
Simone Paterson , new media artist and academic
Ian Teh , photographer
Alejandro Meitin , artist
Simone Kenyon , artist and producer
Milena Placentile , curator
Nick Turner , artist and designer
Fabio Sassi , artist
Ruth Ewan , artist
Raoul Martinez , artist
Robert McAdam , painter
Katy Fattuhi , arts marketer
John Holt , artist and writer
Katy Hallett , director , Art Programme
Judy Price , artist
Stephanie Thieullent , photographer , artist
Felix Gonzales , filmmaker , artist
Rafael Santos , artist
Adrian Arbib , photographer
Ian Hunter , Director , Littoral
Ele Carpenter , curator
Helene Aylon , activist artist
Pamela Graham , artist
Louise Jones , director , Lemon Street Gallery
Ciel Bergman , artist / environmental activist
Glauco Bermudez , Cinematographer
Marianne Soisalo , artist
Mariana Bassani , photographer
Michele Petillo , artist
Siobhan Mckeown , artist
ZEV , tex / sound artist
Mira Schor , artist and writer
Judith Knight , Director , Artsadmin
Gill Lloyd , Director , Artsadmin
Danielle Frank , artist
Stuart Bracewell , artist .
Beverley Dale , Digital Artist
Vahida Ramujkic , Artist
Mark Vallen , painter , printmaker , writer
Toni Martinez - Solera , artist
Lucy Fairley , artist
Noel Douglas artist , designer , activist
Gareth Evans , writer and curator
Stevphen Shukaitis , arts / media / cultural publisher
Kuljit Chuhan , Creative producer and digital media artist
Calum F. Kerr , artist
Lisa Wesley , artist
Jody Boehnert , designer , artist and writer
Heide Fasnacht , visual artist
Michelle Jaffé , artist
Jan Brooks , artist
Peter Harrison , propeller arts collective
Deanne Belinoff , artist
Michelle Waters , artist
Fern Shaffer , artist
Harmony Hammond , artist and art writer
Simon Whetham , sound artist
Mimi Poskitt , director
Michaela Crimmin , curator and critic
Wallace Heim , writer and academic
Ciel Bergman , painter
Ali Sparror – artist
Lucy Reeves -
Film designer
The Vacuum Cleaner , art / activist ,
Robby Herbst , artist
Anja Steidinger , visual artist
Claire Hildreth , photographer
Loraine Leeson , artist
Kayle Brandon , artist
Peter Offord , artist
Julie Green , painter
Murray Wason , artist
Christina Moore , production designer
Emma Byron , artist and performer
Miche Fabre Lewin , artist - cuisiuniere
Kate Rich , artist
Madeleine Hodge , artist and curator
Kirstin Forkert , artist
Martin Nakell , poet , fictionalist
Liam Hurley , writer , theatre director , story teller
Mike Perry , artist
Phil Maxwell adn Hazuan Hashim , artists
Greg Pact , artist
• The letter above was amended on 29 June .
One of the intended signatories , Suzanne Lacy , had been included twice in the list of signatories supplied to us , and another , Maya Ramsay , had been omitted from the list .
This has been corrected .
• Recent catastrophic events in the Gulf of Mexico have brought to a head a situation that for many years has been uncomfortable , but tolerated .
Now we find it necessary to stand up and deplore the Tate galleries ' sponsorship by BP .
The Chartered Institution of Water and Environmental Management 's Arts and Environment Network ( AEN ) was formed in 2007 to put creativity at the heart of environmental policy and practice .
Its members represent cultural institutions , universities and agencies entrusted to care for the environment .
As the world and indeed Tate have learned to flourish without support from slavery , tobacco and alcohol , we and they must learn to emerge from the culture of fossil fuels and the insidious oil industry .
BP , Shell and all other petrochemical corporations must be denied control of our arts and cultural institutions , right now .
As Tate is about to celebrate 10 years of funding from BP , we call on the trustees and director of Tate to put a halt to the tyranny of oil patronage and cleanse the oil stains from art .
We also call on Jeremy Hunt , secretary of state for culture , media and sport , to use his powers as the responsible minister to ensure this happens .
Dave Pritchard , David Haley , Nick Reeves , Emily Doyle Chartered Institution of Water and Environmental Management
• It is understandable that , as you report , many artists and green groups are protesting against arts institutions receiving sponsorship from BP – but it is important to describe what such corporate charitable donations are – and what they are not .
They are not in any way ever a meaningful contributor in a company 's overall obligations to its stakeholders .
The amounts are collectively too small and the selection of recipients is far too random for the largesse to be anything than incidental in the context of a big company 's finances .
While some companies might seek to suggest that donations to good causes are part of their commitment to " corporate social responsibility " the public is unlikely to be fooled – you cannot buy yourself a good reputation or build brand approval by making such gifts .
In reality one of the main reasons that big companies donate to arts institutions is to buy their directors privileged access to events , such as to premium seats at the opera house .
For the arts institution it is a harmless and valuable source of funds to pander to the vanities of a few corporate fat cats .
No wonder they are rallying round BP at the moment .
Paddy Briggs
Teddington , Middlesex
• The concept of magnificence is as old as the fact of wealth and exploitation , and public arts without money from the swollen coffers of scurrilous industrialists would be a thin stranded thing .
When individuals and institutions strive to launder their reputations with their grand donations it would be churlish to carp at the sight of a little sweat or blood or a few oil - soaked feathers , especially with our government preparing to withdraw so much of their seed from the local tiller men .
How did we imagine such crude and dispensable profits were derived in the first place ?
BP will thrive without the arts , but art gets smashed when the barbarians are banished from the citadel .
Julian Firth
London
• What 's the difference between the reckless and irresponsible banking culture and reckless and irresponsible exploration by giant oil companies ?
If the government wants to regulate banks by splitting them up when they become to big or too profligate , why not apply the same principle to oil giants , media behemoths and defence goliaths which ride roughshod over the interests of the environment , societies and human rights ?
The real point is that western business management ( and regulation ) is not and never was all it was cracked up to be .
A clever myth has been well watered by mainly MBAs as they spew out from business colleges , voraciously looking for companies to infect with their asset stripping takeover obsession .
It 's time to rethink the entire way we do business and manage firms for stakeholders instead of shareholders .
Bruce Whitehead
Edinburgh
IDAPython
Some “ idaapi.cvar ” variables have been moved to “ idaapi . ” .
In particular , the idaapi.cvar.cmd is now accessible as idaapi.cmd .
Recent script box ( Alt+7 ) and run python script ( Alt+9 ) are replaced with Alt+F7 and Alt +F9 respectively
South Dakota Decalares its Red Light Cameras Illegal
Article by : robert
Date : 22 Jun 2010
On March 13 , 2006 , a Sioux Falls , South Dakota motorist , I.L. Wiedermann , received a claim that he had made a right turn on a red light .
After an appeal against his $ 86 fine failed , he filed a class action suit against the city .
Thenewspaper.com reported yesterday that as a result of this action , a South Dakota circuit court judge has ruled that Redflex Traffic Systems and the city of Sioux Falls ' red light camera program has violated procedural due process .
Without the necessary approval from the state legislature the " automated ticketing machines " were deemed illegal .
It has still to be decided by a jury whether Redflex is financially liable .
This follows last week 's news that South Carolina Governor signed a law banning the future use of both red light cameras and speed cameras in the state .
Comments
Be the first to comment .
Click on Post Reply below .
Pin 1 2 Shares
In Baby Step 5 Ramsey talked about your options for saving for your children 's college education .
While I think it 's a good idea to get your kids involved in helping to pay for their own education , I 'm not against giving them some help as well .
Continues after Advertisement
I think you need to do your best to go to school and graduate debt free if you can – or with minimal debt .
Baby Step 6 : Paying Off Your Home Early
In step 6 Dave suggests that you pay extra on your mortgage , and payoff your mortgage faster .
When we talk about mortgages
Dave talks about how he thinks you should have no more than a 15 year fixed rate mortgage , and that your payments should be no larger than 25 % of your monthly income .
For many people that does n't seem doable because of the housing markets they live in , or because of the standards they 've set for the home they want to live in .
Sometimes people just aim too high !
In any event , in most cases it is something that most people can do – take on a 15 year loan for less than 25 % of their income .
I will be the first to admit that we 've taken on a 30 year mortgage at our house because when we bought the house we were n't as serious about our finances , and we were over the 25 % of our income as well .
At the same time we have no other debts to speak of , and since we bought the home our income has gone up – to the point where it is no longer over that 25 % number .
In any event , we 're also paying extra on the mortgage now to help pay it off early .
So what do you get by paying off the mortgage early ?
You 'll be giving yourself peace of mind in a tough economic climate knowing that your house is paid off .
If the worst happens and you lose a job or have a medical emergency , you ’ll be able to get by on a whole lot less .
After all , the house is paid for !
Why You Should Pay Off The House Early
If you read personal finance blogs , there are a lot of arguments in favor and against paying off your home early .
Which is the better for people financially ?
To pay off their mortgage early , or to save and invest the money for the long term ?
First , here are some points in favor of paying off the mortgage early :
Save Money On Interest :
If you pay off your mortgage off early , you 'll be saving thousands of dollars in interest .
Think about this :
If you have a $ 200,000 dollar mortgage for 30 years , with an interest rate of 6 % , at the end you 'll have paid $ 250,000 in interest .
Change that to a 15 year mortgage and only $ 115,000 in interest will be paid .
If you can pay down the mortgage even faster than 15 years , you 'll be saving even more because you 'll be paying less interest .
If you pay off your mortgage off early , you 'll be saving thousands of dollars in interest .
Think about this :
If you have a $ 200,000 dollar mortgage for 30 years , with an interest rate of 6 % , at the end you 'll have paid $ 250,000 in interest .
Change that to a 15 year mortgage and only $ 115,000 in interest will be paid .
If you can pay down the mortgage even faster than 15 years , you 'll be saving even more because you 'll be paying less interest .
Mitigate Your Risk :
One of the most attractive things about paying off the mortgage early to me is the fact that it helps to minimize the amount of risk that you have in your life .
With a paid off house you do n't have to worry about mortgage payments .
If you can scrape enough together to pay for food , transportation , clothing and utilities , you should be able to get by .
Without a mortgage that number is significantly lower .
Trying to invest the money and come out ahead may work for some , but because investing is inherently risky ( we 've seen that in the last year or two ) , it could mean adding risk to your life as well .
: One of the most attractive things about paying off the mortgage early to me is the fact that it helps to minimize the amount of risk that you have in your life .
With a paid off house you do n't have to worry about mortgage payments .
If you can scrape enough together to pay for food , transportation , clothing and utilities , you should be able to get by .
Without a mortgage that number is significantly lower .
Trying to invest the money and come out ahead may work for some , but because investing is inherently risky ( we 've seen that in the last year or two ) , it could mean adding risk to your life as well .
Financial And Emotional Peace + Less Stress :
With no mortgage I know that we would be much closer to true financial and emotional peace just because we would n't have the debt weighing on our shoulders – and the risk of losing our home to a job loss or medical issue are greatly reduced .
So less debts and obligations mean less stress in our household .
Add to that the fact that you ’ll have less stress when having to deal with a job change , or wanting to become a one income family so one spouse can stay home with the children .
When you have a paid for house you ’ll only need to cover the minimum of life 's essentials – and you 'll have walkaway power – power to walk away from any job you do n’t love or enjoy because you only have minimal expenses !
: With no mortgage I know that we would be much closer to true financial and emotional peace just because we would n't have the debt weighing on our shoulders – and the risk of losing our home to a job loss or medical issue are greatly reduced .
So less debts and obligations mean less stress in our household .
Add to that the fact that you ’ll have less stress when having to deal with a job change , or wanting to become a one income family so one spouse can stay home with the children .
When you have a paid for house you ’ll only need to cover the minimum of life 's essentials – and you 'll have walkaway power – power to walk away from any job you do n’t love or enjoy because you only have minimal expenses !
With A Paid Off Mortgage You Get A Huge Raise ! :
When your monthly debt obligation drops so significantly because you 've paid off your house , it means that your income will go up significantly .
Can you imagine how much money you could save , invest and give if you did n't have a mortgage ?
Being debt free brings freedom , and sometimes that ’s better than a few extra dollars made through investments .
Arguments For Investing Instead Of Paying Extra On House
There are some pretty good arguments that others have made against making extra payments on a house .
Here are the few that made the most sense to me :
Keeping Your Holdings Liquid = Flexibility :
When you have your money in investments as opposed to prepaying on a house , the money is going to be more accessible if you absolutely need to access it .
When your money is being invested in a house , you can't exactly just cash it out – you still need a place to live .
So many would suggest that investing your money will give you more flexibility in the case you need to access your money in an emergency .
: When you have your money in investments as opposed to prepaying on a house , the money is going to be more accessible if you absolutely need to access it .
When your money is being invested in a house , you can't exactly just cash it out – you still need a place to live .
So many would suggest that investing your money will give you more flexibility in the case you need to access your money in an emergency .
Returns On Investing Will Be Higher :
If the money you expect to make in the stock market is more than the amount you 'll save by pre-paying your mortgage , than it may be a better bet to invest your money .
: If the money you expect to make in the stock market is more than the amount you 'll save by pre-paying your mortgage , than it may be a better bet to invest your money .
Inflation Is Your Friend ? : Inflation goes up by a rate of 3 - 4 % every year , so by not prepaying your mortgage you are in essence paying less money for a house that is increasing in value every year .
The amount you pay in 2040 to live in your house is the same as you 're paying in 2010 .
You 'll be getting more for your money !
: Inflation goes up by a rate of 3 - 4 % every year , so by not prepaying your mortgage you are in essence paying less money for a house that is increasing in value every year .
The amount you pay in 2040 to live in your house is the same as you 're paying in 2010 .
You 'll be getting more for your money !
No Asset Diversification :
By only investing in your house , some argue that you 're not properly diversifying your holdings – you 're only investing in one asset type and class .
Better to invest and diversify your holdings .
The arguments for investing vs. paying off your mortgage early really do make a good case , although I will admit some of them hold less merit for me than others .
What We 're Doing
We 've considered both sides of the argument at our house , and in the end the thought of having a paid off house – and no mortgage debt – just appealed to us more .
We love the idea of having the freedom and the walkaway power that goes along with having a paid off mortgage .
At the same time , we still want to invest .
So what we 're doing at our house is a little of both .
We 're both investing for our future , and we 're pre-paying our mortgage to the tune of several payments per year .
We may not pay off the house as fast this way , but we 'll still be paying it off years early .
What do you think about paying off the house early ?
Do you think it ’s a good idea or a bad idea ?
Which path are you choosing if you ’re at that point ?
Tell us in the comments !
Pin 1 2 Shares
The Drug Policy Alliance reports that an ad ( PDF ) criticizing pot busts in New York City , scheduled to appear on a billboard along the Brooklyn Queens Expressway , was canceled due to concerns about upsetting Mayor Michael Bloomberg .
According to Titan 360 , the company that manages the billboard , the landlord rejected the ad because of " political circumstances from the Mayor 's office . "
Here is what the ad says :
Nearly half of all New Yorkers have tried marijuana — including Mayor Bloomberg .
We can't arrest them all , but Bloomberg is trying .
Marijuana arrests last year : 50,000 .
Cost to taxpayers : nearly $ 100 million .
" Driving along the BQE , " says DPA 's Gabriel Sayegh , " you can see ads for alcohol , strip clubs , and casinos , but an ad that talks about the Mayor 's record on marijuana arrests in New York is rejected . "
The city 's little - noticed crackdown on pot smokers , which began under Rudy Giuliani , has escalated under Bloomberg .
" Despite the mayor 's ' moderate ' and ' independent ' reputation , " notes a DPA press release , " Bloomberg has overseen more low - level marijuana arrests than any other elected official in New York history .
There have been more arrests under Bloomberg than under Mayors Dinkins , Koch and Giuliani combined . "
The busts , largely an outgrowth of the NYPD 's " stop and frisk " program , overwhelmingly involve blacks and Latinos , who are often tricked into removing marijuana from their pockets , thereby converting a citable offense ( possession of less than an ounce ) into an arrestable misdemeanor ( having marijuana " in public view " ) .
Doctors who treat Medicare patients will see their pay cut by 21.3 percent after Congress failed to approve a fix to the government insurance program for the elderly and disabled .
The Senate on Friday passed legislation that aims to delay the pay cuts until the end of November , but the House of Representatives will not vote on the payment fix until next week .
Lawmakers did not act before the agency that oversees Medicare ordered Friday that claims submitted this month by doctors , nurse practitioners , therapists and others be paid at the lower rate .
The pay cuts may be temporary .
If the House passes the payment fix next week , medical professionals who are paid under the physician fee schedule will be able to resubmit claims and be paid at the higher rate .
Still , Arizona doctors say Congress ' inaction over the payment - fix issue will harm both the medical community and more than 900,000 Arizona residents who are enrolled in Medicare .
" I truly never thought we would see the day right now where the Congress would allow ( reimbursement cuts ) to become law , " said Chic Older , vice president of the Arizona Medical Association , a doctors group .
" It 's just crazy to think Congress would do this . "
Doctors groups said that even a temporary payment cut sends a bad message to doctors and seniors .
Doctors have long complained that Medicare reimbursement rates do not keep up with the actual cost of taking care of patients .
Now with the cuts , more doctors may decide to no longer care for Medicare patients , said Jeffrey Wolfrey , president of the Arizona Academy of Family Physicians .
Arizona already has a shortage of primary - care physicians who handle basic medical checkups .
" We 've never had a litmus test like this , " Wolfrey said of the Medicare cuts .
" I think we 'll see an increase in physicians who will stop seeing Medicare ( patients ) altogether . "
The Medicare payment cuts are required under a 1990s - era budget law that Congress has waived each year before pay cuts took effects .
Yet with heightened angst this year over spiraling budget deficits , Congress did not act before Medicare began processing claims at the lower rate .
Bills submitted by doctors since June 1 will be paid at the reduced rate .
An earlier congressional reprieve expired May 31 .
Medicare had been holding off on processing claims in the hopes lawmakers would act , but the agency said it can no longer do that without hurting doctors ' cash flow .
What 's more , Medicare worried about paying the cost of processing those claims at one rate , only to have to reprocess those claims once Congress approves a different rate .
The federal agency will likely have to reprocess those claims once Congress acts , but the federal agency decided it could no longer wait for Congress , a spokesman said .
The agency processes 4.4 million payment claims each day .
The bill passed Friday by the Senate delays the cuts until the end of November - after congressional elections - when lawmakers hope the political climate is better for passing a more permanent , and expensive , solution .
The bill would also increase payments to providers by 2.2 percent .
The legislation would cost more than $ 6.4 billon over 10 years , and it would be paid with a series of health - care and pension changes agreed upon by both Democrats and Republicans .
Bill Thrift , a Prescott physician who no longer sees new Medicare patients , said doctors with large numbers of Medicare patients will be squeezed financially until Congress acts .
He estimates that he is paid about $ 50 for each office visit from a Medicare patient .
With the 21 percent cut , Thrift will get less than $ 40 per visit .
That is not enough to pay for his overhead costs such as office staff , medical equipment , insurance and office - leasing costs , he said .
Thrift said he also worries that private insurance companies may also seek to slash reimbursement for doctors .
Private insurers often piggyback their payment rates based on Medicare - payment rates .
" They ( lawmakers ) can't figure out that , as technology increases , so does the cost of medicine , " Thrift said .
" They are trying to squeeze the savings out of doctors and hospitals . "
The Associated Press contributed to this article .
The results of an online survey published in the latest issue of Skeptic Magazine show that atheists in America fear paying a high social price in coming out as a non-believer .
“ The Stigma of Being an Atheist : An Empirical Study on the New Atheist Movement and its Consequences , ” written by Tom Arcaro , was based on the results of 8,200 people who identify as atheists or non-believers in God .
The survey , “ Coming Out as an Atheist , ” was posted live on the Atheist Nexus Web site for four months from September to December 2008 .
Respondents were asked various questions such as “ In general , how stigmatized do you feel atheists are in your culture ? ” and “ Do you feel that there would be any social repercussions if people in your [ workplace / family / local community ] found out the you were an atheist ? ”
By a wide margin , atheists in the U.S. were more likely to feel a sense of stigma , highest among those living in the south .
For instance , 57 percent of U.S. respondents said they felt they would suffer at least minor social repercussions in the workplace if they came out as an atheist , compared to only 35 percent of respondents in Canada , 24 percent of Australians , 15 percent of residents of United Kingdom , and 12 percent of Western Europeans .
More than two - thirds of Americans said they would suffer stigma in their community and 61 percent said they would suffer stigma from their family .
When broken down in by region in the U.S. , those who live in Southern states of Oklahoma , Arkansas , Mississippi , Alabama , South Carolina and Tennessee ( and North Dakota ) reported the highest fear of social stigma .
States such as California , Washington , New York , and New England states reported the least .
( Unfortunately , the article is not available online . )
I ca n’t say I ’m really all that surprised at the results .
If anyone needs anecdotal confirmation , remember NFL linebacker Pat Tillman , who walked away from his successful football career to join the Army after Sept. 11 and was killed by friendly fire in Afghanistan ?
Remember how the Army and the government treated his family for trying to get to the truth of his death rather than accept the official false war hero narrative spun by the Bush administration ?
In an interview with ESPN.com , Lt. Col.
Ralph Kauzlarich , who led the second investigation into Tillman ’s death , said the reason for the family ’s dogged pursuit of the truth of his death was because they did n’t believe in God .
“ When you die , I mean , there is supposedly a better life , right ?
Well , if you are an atheist and you do n’t believe in anything , if you die , what is there to go to ?
Nothing .
You are worm dirt .
So for their son to die for nothing , and now he is no more — that is pretty hard to get your head around that .
So I do n’t know how an atheist thinks .
I can only imagine that that would be pretty tough . ”
Actually , that ’s not only insulting to atheists .
It ’s insulting to all people of faith .
By that logic , Christian parents are just hunky dory with their children dying for nothing ?
By the way , I could n’t resist , what does Conservapedia have to say about Tillman being an atheist ?
Simply , it was impossible for him to have been one ( even though Tillman wrote in his journal , “ I ’m an atheist ” ) because he cared about people and his country and he had strong moral convictions and atheists only care about one thing , “ the daily fight to remove God from their lives and the lives of others . ”
( You must read the entire entry .
It ’s a hoot . )
By the way , the survey addressed this notion about morality .
Respondents were also asked to provide an example of a social situation where they experienced stigma for being an atheist .
A typical answer was being told that they can not be good people without belief in God .
I ’ve always found this idea absurd , as if people can’t love and care for others and make ethical decisions without an instruction manual .
Additionally , one of the most interesting differences among American atheists and those in other countries was in response to the question , “ How often did you attend religious services when you were growing up ? ”
Only 33 percent of Western European respondents reported going to church several times a month ; 52 percent of Canadians ; 43 percent of British and 45 percent of Australians .
For Americans , however , the number was 64 percent .
So for almost 2/3 of American non-believers , religion was once a regular part of their lives .
I ’m not sure what to make of that .
Perhaps readers have some thoughts ?
Image caption New premier Naoto Kan warned that Japan must change or face " collapse "
Japan is at " risk of collapse " under its huge debt mountain , the country 's new prime minister has said .
Naoto Kan , in his first major speech since taking over , said Japan needed a financial restructuring to avert a Greece - style crisis .
" Our country 's outstanding public debt is huge ... our public finances have become the worst of any developed country , " he said .
After years of borrowing , Japan 's debt is twice its gross domestic product .
Analysis Pessimists have long warned that rising debt and a falling population mean Japan is headed for a point of no return .
For 20 years the government has been borrowing to spend , hoping to revive the stagnant economy , amassing the biggest debt - to - GDP ratio in the industrialised world .
The Japanese themselves have been buying those bonds at low interest rates .
But as Japan ages , the thinking goes , households will save less .
The Government will have to look abroad to borrow , and the higher interest rates demanded could tip the world 's second biggest economy into the abyss .
Now the new Prime Minister Naoto Kan has stepped into the debate in his first policy speech to the Diet , warning Japan could face similar debt problems to Europe .
But not everyone is convinced Japan , with its huge trade surplus , is doomed .
And Mr Kan may simply be easing the way towards raising consumption tax and reneging on spending pledges made during last year 's election .
" It is difficult to continue our fiscal policies by heavily relying on the issuance of government bonds , " said Mr Kan , Japan 's former finance minister .
" Like the confusion in the eurozone triggered by Greece , there is a risk of collapse if we leave the increase of the public debt untouched and then lose the trust of the bond markets , " he said .
No Greece
Despite the prime minister 's hair - raising words , markets did not bat an eyelid , with the Japanese yen , the Nikkei stock market index and Japanese government bonds unmoved .
" Fiscal austerity measures are long overdue , " said Chris Scicluna , deputy head of economics at Daiwa Capital Markets in London .
He forecasts that the government 's budget deficit will be 8 % of GDP this year , a number that Mr Kan has promised to reduce to zero by the end of the decade .
However , Mr Scicluna said the government does not face any immediate fiscal crisis , unlike some European countries , and probably will not start tackling its budget deficit for at least another year or two .
Unlike Greece or Spain , Japan is a net lender to the rest of the world , to the tune of 2.5 % of its GDP last year .
Cheap borrowing
The Japanese government is effectively the only borrower in Japan , and raises all of the money it needs from the savings of its own citizens .
JAPAN IN FIGURES Government debt : 200 % of GDP
Government deficit : 8 % of GDP
External surplus : 2.5-3.5 % of GDP
GDP growth : 3 %
Inflation : - 1.5 %
30 - year bond yield : 2 % Source : Daiwa
Some 95 % of the government 's debts are held by Japanese investors , and the government can currently borrow for 30 years at a mere 2 % interest rate .
But Mr Scicluna says Japan does have serious medium - term problems related to its ageing population .
As more and more Japanese citizens retire in the next few years , they are likely to start selling their government bonds to pay for their retirements .
This means that Japan will need to start borrowing from the rest of the world , and the government may have a hard time convincing foreign lenders to let it borrow at such a low interest rate .
Tax reform
Mr Kan did not detail the fiscal changes he may impose to revive Japan 's economy after years to stagnation .
But in the past Mr Kan has advocated increasing Japan 's sales tax , a move that would be unpopular .
He said : " It is unavoidable to launch a full reform of the tax system .
If we maintain the current level of issuance of new bonds , outstanding debt will surpass 200 % of GDP in a few years .
" It 's been 20 years since the collapse of the bubble economy in the early 1990s .
Because the Japanese economy had been in the doldrums , people have lost the trust they had and fear the uncertainty of the future , " he said .
Who will spend ?
The Japanese austerity plans may not be welcome elsewhere in the world .
Over the weekend , US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner called on surplus countries - like Japan , Germany and China - to do more to increase spending .
Yet Germany has announced plans to cut its budget deficit by 3 % of GDP over the next four years , while China 's trade surplus has grown even further , according to data for May .
With Japan also now looking to wield the fiscal axe , some may wonder who is actually going to spend money in the world economy .
Links and discussion from all the Natural 20 Podcasts .
KANDAHAR , Afghanistan —
Soldiers knew more than anyone else what damage had been done when news broke that their commander , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the commander of the U.S. - led international force ’s 140,000 troops in Afghanistan , had criticized his commander in chief in an inflammatory Rolling Stone article .
They knew because they abide by the same rules McChrystal has to : the military ’s Uniform Code of Military Justice .
The code subjects an officer to a court martial if he uses any “ contemptuous words against the President , Vice President , Congress , ” and other civilian leaders in the U.S. government .
Any one of the soldiers in Afghanistan would be removed from their positions , if not face a court martial , for a similar offense .
“ I do n’t see how Obama ca n’t remove him , ” said one soldier before President Barack Obama announced that McChrystal had tendered his resignation .
“ It would mean McChrystal is above the rules if he does n’t . ”
With the same speed that news of the Rolling Stone interview raced across the internet , it shot across the ranks of American fighting men in Afghanistan .
The story was the subject of gossip , concern , disbelief , surprise and shock from enlisted men and officers deployed in Kandahar Province .
A baby - faced private first class asked this reporter about the Rolling Stone story on a combat patrol , M - 4 rifle in hand , grenades strung across the chest plate of his body armor .
A brigade sergeant major heard about it and made sure to remind this journalist that some of what he said on a patrol was clearly not publishable under the media embed agreement — in this case , due to operational security concerns .
A captain wondered how an officer in the U.S. Army could think he would get away with the interview .
“ I ca n’t believe he did n’t know that he would be fired for saying this stuff , ” said one soldier .
“ This must be intentional .
But why ? ”
A group of senior officers and non-commissioned officers made clear that they felt betrayed by the media , once again .
“ There are journalists who forge relationships with us and who we trust and who get their stories that way , ” said one NCO .
“ And there are jerks that betray their sources for a big story and to make their name .
I hope you ’re not one of latter .
They never get another story again . ”
By Tuesday evening , the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan , or ISAF , which McChrystal commanded , ordered all troops to direct questions from journalists about the Rolling Stone article to ISAF ’s main media office in Kabul .
The troops were banned from commenting on it .
Thus , no names have been used in this article .
“ I think that stuff like this is n’t ever said without a deeper message , ” said one soldier .
“ You just do n’t do this for no reason . ”
Troops have long had mixed feeling about McChrystal ’s counterinsurgency strategy .
They also have mixed feelings about Obama ’s promise to begin withdrawing troops in just over a year .
Soldiers facing roadside bombs and Taliban ambushes have complained heavily about ISAF ’s restrictive rules of engagement , implemented when McChrystal took command last year .
They say they are soldiers , trained for war , not nation - building and policing .
They say their hands are tied by the restrictions , meant to protect the civilian population , under the current counterinsurgency strategy being implemented in Afghanistan .
Still , many say they respected McChrystal ’s background as an experienced soldier , Special Forces operator and articulate leader .
A surprising number of young enlisted men who joined the Army to “ see some action ” understood the COIN strategy , in large part thanks to McChrystal ’s simple and patient explanations of the soldier ’s mission .
Obama has said the strategy for the Afghan war will not change , and that Gen. David Petraeus will fill McChrystal ’s position .
It ’s unlikely the soldiers fighting the war will feel so much as a ripple of the bombshell that landed in Washington when the article came out .
“ He ’s so far above us that we wo n’t feel it here , ” said one soldier .
Those who are sure to feel the ripples are journalists embedded for this summer ’s surge of U.S. troops into Afghanistan .
Many career soldiers and officers view this as just another episode of a journalist ruining the reputations , and careers , of service members in order to boost his own .
Kidnap Drama Ends Banker 's Wife Found Dead After Massive Search
A corpse found in the woods in southwest Germany has been identified as that of Maria Bögerl , a banker 's wife who disappeared in mid-May .
Her family paid a requested ransom -- but the 300,000 euros was never picked up .
Now the drama has ended in tragedy .
Pediatric endocrinologist Maria New — of the Mount Sinai School of Medicine and Florida International University — is n't just trying to prevent lesbianism by treating pregnant women with an experimental hormone .
She 's also trying to prevent the births of girls who display an " abnormal " disinterest in babies , do n't want to play with girls ' toys or become mothers , and whose " career preferences " are deemed to " masculine . "
Unbelievable .
“ Gender - related behaviors , namely childhood play , peer association , career and leisure time preferences in adolescence and adulthood , maternalism , aggression , and sexual orientation become masculinized in 46 , XX girls and women with 21OHD deficiency [ CAH ] .
These abnormalities have been attributed to the effects of excessive prenatal androgen levels on the sexual differentiation of the brain and later on behavior . ”
Nimkarn and New continue : “ We anticipate that prenatal dexamethasone therapy will reduce the well - documented behavioral masculinization ... ”
It seems more than a little ironic to have New , one of the first women pediatric endocrinologists and a member of the National Academy of Sciences , constructing women who go into “ men ’s ” fields as “ abnormal . ”
And yet it appears that New is suggesting that the “ prevention ” of “ behavioral masculinization ” is a benefit of treatment to parents with whom she speaks about prenatal dex .
In a 2001 presentation to the CARES Foundation ( a videotape of which we have ) , New seemed to suggest to parents that one of the goals of treatment of girls with CAH is to turn them into wives and mothers .
Two things :
Gay people have been stressing out about a day arriving when scientists developed treatments to prevent homosexuality .
You can read about the preventing gay sheep freak out here , you can read about Twilight of the Golds here , and I recall — but can't quickly find a link for — a " fellow " at the Family Research Council or the American Family Association who backed in - utero hormone treatments to prevent homosexuality .
Well , here we are — the day appears to have arrived .
Now what are we going to do about it ?
And will the Republicans on the Judiciary Committee invite Maria New to testify at Elana Kagan 's confirmation hearings ?
New could argue that Kagan — childless , unmarried Kagan — is unfit to serve on our highest court because her " low maternal interest " pegs her as abnormal , well outside the " maternal mainstream . "
Maybe GOP senators would be mollified if Kagan knocked back a few bottles of dex during her confirmation hearings ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Sigh .
This special report from Feet in 2 Worlds just in :
Federal immigration officials have been visiting command centers on the Gulf Coast to check the immigration status of response workers hired by BP and its contractors to clean up the immense oil spill .
Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) in Louisiana confirmed that its agents had visited two large command centers — which are staging areas for the response efforts and are sealed off to the public — to verify that the workers there were legal residents .
“ We visited just to ensure that people who are legally here can compete for those jobs — those people who are having so many problems , ” said Temple H. Black , a spokesman for ICE in Louisiana .
Granted , undocumented work is illegal and all , and Black is just echoing a popular sentiment in Southern Louisiana , where some people harbor resentment toward the Hispanic laborers who stayed after they ’d come to help clean up after Katrina , and some people put up signs like this :
But it seems like it might be time to prioritize .
As do many crisis - management operations , the Deepwater Horizon response has its share of miscommunication , chain - of - command confusion , counterproductive bureaucracy , and general clusterfuckery .
Federal agents rounding everybody up and checking IDs is n’t going to help things .
And that ’s not the only distraction from keeping eyes on the cleanup prize .
As I ’ve reported , there are only 60 workers cleaning up Elmer ’s Island , Louisiana , a wildlife refuge inundated by crude , and many are already disgruntled about being mistreated or not getting paid .
Then , last week , they were required to undergo drug testing .
According to workers based on the island , out of the first 50 employees tested , 46 failed and 2 refused , resulting in 48 firings in one day .
( BP has n’t said anything about the tests . )
Elmer the BP mole , who is in a position to know this but I ca n’t tell you what that position is because he ’d get fired , says that these guys are definitely not junkies and crackheads .
If they ’re testing positive for drugs , he says , it ’s likely for pot .
Cleaning up the largest oil spill in the nation ’s history sort of seems more pressing than whether the people who get paid $ 10 an hour to rake toxic oil - sludge sand into piles , under Southern sun so grueling that shifts are 20 minutes on and 40 minutes off , have recently smoked weed .
It also seems like a possible reason to not send in ICE agents to do a job that goes way beyond their normal ( arguably more important ) duties .
As ICE spokesman Temple H. Black told Feet in 2 Worlds , “ We do n’t normally go and check people ’s papers — we ’re mostly focused on transnational gangs , predators , drugs .
This was a special circumstance because of the oil spill . ”
That sentence wins today ’s prize for Spokesperson Statement That ’s Supposed to Be More Comforting Than Alarming But Is Actually the Opposite .
( First runner - up is Black ’s assertion that any undocumented workers “ would have been detained on the spot and taken to Orleans Parish Prison ” — whose conditions the Justice Department has called unconstitutional and which has a history of losing track of or not providing lawyers to thousands of indigent prisoners in its care . )
“ It ’s like , ’ round everybody up and leave the oil on the beach , ' ” Darlene Kattan , director of the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce of Louisiana , told the authors of the special report on the ICE raids .
“ In a catastrophic situation like this , I think we should be more well - reasoned . ”
( h/t @ Janiebt )
The advisory steps up a warning issued last month
The US Embassy in India has warned of possible " imminent attacks " by militants in the capital , Delhi , and advised US citizens to be vigilant .
" There are increased indications that terrorists are planning imminent attacks in New Delhi , " said a statement on the embassy 's website .
It urged people to avoid several locations popular with Westerners .
Militants linked to Pakistan - based Islamist groups have been blamed for previous attacks in the city .
The advisory , which steps up a warning issued last month , said that popular shopping areas such as Chandni Chowk , Connaught Place , Greater Kailash , Karol Bagh , Mehrauli , and Sarojini Nagar , should be avoided .
It said US citizens travelling or living in India should maintain " a high level of vigilance " , and be aware of their surroundings or any unattended packages .
Sie kämpfen für Provider und Contentindustrie : Sheriffs , Internetsheriffs Twister ( Bettina Winsemann )
Nach den Stoppschildern jetzt die Warnschilder .
Die Idee der " digitalen Autobahn " wird weiter missverstanden .
Einige Politiker scheinen das Gerede von der " Datenautobahn " falsch verstanden zu haben .
Nachdem Frau Vaudel mit der Stoppschildidee auftauchte , folgt ihr nun die Bundesjustizministerin mit der Warnschildidee .
Die Dame , die schon einmal den direkten Auskunftsanspruch für die Musikindustrie befürwortet , hat just ihre Überlegungen zur Bewahrung und Förderung der Urheberrechte im Internet vorgestellt .
Unter anderem will sie nicht , dass Provider das individuelle Surfverhalten kontrollieren , aber : bei Copyrightverletzungen soll der Kunde automatisch Warnhinweise erhalten , die ihn dahingehend aufklären , dass er gerade dabei ist , in die Illegalität abzubiegen Im Auftrag des Providers : Sheriff , Internetsheriff oder aber schon den Weg in die Sackgasse Illegalität genommen hat und daher umkehren soll .
Da ja , wie bereits erwähnt , die Provider das Surfverhalten selbst nicht kontrollieren sollen , stellt sich natürlich die Frage , woher sie denn davon erfahren sollen , dass ihr Kunde sich nicht untadelig verhält .
Daten sollen ja nicht erfasst werden .
Was also tun , um den Nutzer auf den Internetpfad der Tugend zurück zu bringen ?
Möglich wäre , dass die Musikindustrie beispielsweise die Provider kontaktiert und ihnen Listen mit IP - Adressen zukommen lässt , hinter der sich die Übeltäter verbergen .
Die Provider suchen dann die mutmaßlichen Urheberrechtsverletzter heraus und übersenden ihm einen Warnhinweis .
Allerdings stellt sich auch hier die Frage , wie dies funktionieren soll .
Per Mail ?
Diese Mails dürften sehr schnell in den Spam - Ordner wandern oder aber auch von Phishern und Co. missbraucht werden .
Aber andere Möglichkeiten dürften sich als noch schwieriger erweisen , es sei denn die Justizministerin präferiert Warnschilder beim Aufruf bestimmter Anbieter wie z.B. Rapidshare , die ja des öfteren als " Raubkopierportal " durch die Medien gezerrt werden , gleichgültig ob per Rapidshare auch jede Menge Daten fernab jeder Urheberrechtsverletzung getauscht werden .
Ohne Datenerfassung bleibt nur die Lösung , mit der Contentindustrie ( welch Wort ) zusammenzuarbeiten bzw .
sich zum Handlanger dieser zu machen .
Wer wird kontrollieren , ob die Daten der MI auch stimmen und insofern die Belästigung des vermeintlichen Bösewichts überhaupt gerechtfertigt ist ?
Bedenkt man , dass seit längerem schon die Diskussion um Websperren bei gewaltverherrlichenden Seiten , Naziseiten oder dergleichen mehr schwelt , bleibt zu befürchten , dass noch mehr Politiker auf den Warnhinweis - Zug aufspringen und es bald das neue Berufsbild " Internetsheriff " geben wird .
Diese werden dann nichts anderes zu tun haben als dauernd an Kunden Warnhinweise versenden und dem Kunden damit sagen , dass er sich vom Pfad der Tugend nicht abwenden soll .
Sollte es auf Warnschilder hinauslaufen , wird es für viele demnächst wohl einen Schilderwald im Internet geben - " nicht nach Rechts abbiegen " , " Achtung , blanke Brüste " oder " Vorsicht Bombenbauanleitungen " ... der geneigten Leserschaft werden sicherlich noch mehr Möglichkeiten einfallen :)
Image caption
The public dialogue on synthetic biology began late in 2009
The public wants a say in how research in to the manufacture of synthetic life is conducted , according to a report .
The Synthetic Biology Public Dialogue was commissioned by the two UK research councils responsible for funding what has been dubbed " synthetic biology " .
It sets out to advise the funders of this research how best to proceed .
The report revealed that people are comfortable with the the idea of creating life , but only if it is properly regulated .
It also found that people wanted an assurance that the research could bring tangible benefits .
The research councils , the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council ( BBSRC ) and the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council ( EPSRC ) , embarked on their public dialogue in late 2009 .
Having the word ' synthetic ' next to the word ' biology ' does provoke a reaction in people that can be negative Professor Paul Freemont , UK centre for Synthetic Biology
The resulting report concluded that people wanted scientists who worked with the bits and pieces of life to do so with humility and respect for the material they were working with .
It also showed that people wanted to have a say in how the research was conducted and how grants were awarded .
There should be consideration of social values as well as scientific merit , they said .
Professor Paul Freemont , co-director of the UK centre for Synthetic Biology at Imperial College London , said his gut reaction to this idea was that it could be " very difficult " .
But he said that as he thought more about it , he decided it was a " good idea " .
" We want the science to flourish , " he said , " but we also want it to be acccepted .
We want the public to engage with it , understand it and also to influence it " .
Such direct input by the public has never been tested in scientific research , but the report 's author Dr Brian Johnson argues that there has never before been anything as potentially world - changing as synthetic biology .
" We are dealing here with the emergence of a very new culture which is taking biology to where it 's always wanted to go , " he said .
" We have spent the past thousand years learning how organisms work and interact .
What synthetic biology is attempting to do is to not just take organisms apart but to put them together in a new way .
" So this is a real quantum leap in science which people have described as the second industrial revolution " .
Believe the hype ?
Following the recent announcement of the manufacture of " Synthia " , which was described as the world 's synthetic lifeform , many eminent scientists said that some people were " hyping up " the potential of the research .
Some have said that Synthia , created by the US scientist Craig Venter , should not be called a synthetic lifeform at all for technical reasons .
And , according to Professor Freemont , a name change would make life easier for those working in the field .
" Having the word ' synthetic ' next to the word ' biology ' does provoke a reaction in people that can be negative , " he said .
But Roland Jackson , chief executive of the British Science Association thinks that a name change for the field would be a mistake .
" Craig Venter did artificially create that cell , " he said .
" The concept of the synthetic and the natural are difficult oppostions for the public and scientists need to be aware of that .
" But I do n't think they should be over - sensitive to it .
They should say what they mean and mean what they say and I think the public respects an honest and open approach to this .
Welcome
The 15th International Conference on Reliable Software Technologies – Ada-Europe 2010 will take place in Valencia , Spain .
Following its traditional style , the conference will span a full week , including a three - day technical program and vendor exhibition from Tuesday to Thursday , along with parallel tutorials and workshops on Monday and Friday .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Sound matters to cichlids
Fish are being threatened by rising levels of man-made noise pollution .
So say scientists who have reviewed the impact on fish species around the world of noises made by oil and gas rigs , ships , boats and sonar .
Rather than live in a silent world , most fish hear well and sound plays an active part in their lives , they say .
Increasing noise levels may therefore severely affect the distribution of fish , and their ability to reproduce , communicate and avoid predators .
Underwater sounds are difficult to hear by people living in air
Dr Hans Slabbekoorn
Leiden University
" People always just assumed that the fish world was a silent one , " says biologist Dr Hans Slabbekoorn of Leiden University , The Netherlands .
But in the journal Trends in Ecology and Evolution , Dr Slabbekoorn and colleagues in The Netherlands , Germany and US report how the underwater environment is anything but quiet .
So far , all fish studied to date are able to hear sounds , either by an inner ear or a lateral line that runs along a fish 's side .
Different fish vary in the sensitivity of their hearing .
For example , Atlantic cod have " average " hearing abilities , say the authors , while freshwater goldfish can hear at higher frequencies .
Generally fish hear best within 30 - 1000
Hz , though species with special adaptations can detect sounds up to 3000 - 5000 Hz .
NOISY SEAS
80 % of global freight transport takes place by motorised shipping
The global shipping fleet comprises around 1.2 million vessels Underwater sounds are produced by navies , fisheries , the oil and gas industry and scientists
Fish - finding echo sounders have been used by fishing boats since the 1950s
Some exceptional species are sensitive to ultrasound , while others such as the European eel , a freshwater species that spawns at sea , are sensitive to infrasound .
That means human - generated underwater noise has the potential to affect fish just as traffic noise affects terrestrial animals such as birds , say the researchers .
" The level and distribution of underwater noise is growing at a global scale but receives very little attention , " says Dr Slabbekoorn .
To date , most research has focused on the impact sound might have on marine mammals , such as whales and dolphins .
But noise pollution might severely affect the distribution of fish , and their ability to reproduce , communicate and avoid predators .
For example , some studies have reported that Atlantic herring , cod and blue - fin tuna flee sounds and school less coherently in noisy environments .
That could mean that fish distributions are being affected , as fish avoid places polluted by man-made noise .
Noise pollution could significantly impact communication between fish : so far over 800 species of fish from 109 families are known to produce sounds , generally broadband signals at less than 500 Hz .
LEARN MORE
Find out how noise pollution increasingly threatens land - living animals too Explore the shallow seas Explore underwater freshwater habitats
Fish make sounds when fighting over territories , competing for food , within spawning aggregations and when under attack from predators .
Earlier this year , Dr Slabbekoorn published a report in the journal Behavioral Ecology that suggested that cichlid fish in Lake Victoria , East Africa produce species - specific sounds that also correlate with the size of the fish .
The sounds play an essential role in mating and sexual selection among cichlids in the lake , they say .
So as well as affecting the distribution of fish , that means noise pollution could interrupt their reproduction , by causing stress or restricting their ability to find a mate or keep them from preferred spawning sites .
It could also prevent fish from hearing each other and communicating effectively , and affect their ability to detect noisy prey , or hear oncoming predators .
SOURCES
Visit Trends in Ecology and Evolution to read more about the review into underwater noise pollution Noise pollution may not be as big a threat to fish as other environmental pressures , the report 's authors concede .
" Fisheries for example are likely to be much more devastating , " says Dr Slabbekoorn .
" However , none of the threats can be considered on their own : any negative consequence of anthropogenic noise will come on top of the fisheries impact , and together they may lead to more critical situations for some species .
" The phenomenon is concealed by the fact that underwater sounds are difficult to hear by people living in air . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I tell you what Liz , when you think we need your father 's administration investigated for their lawlessness we 'll call it a fair trade .
Sam Stein at the HuffPo has more on Cheney 's hypocrisy .
Liz Cheney Wants Investigation Of Joe Sestak White House Job Offer :
There has been no bigger critic of the idea of launching an investigation into the Bush administration 's authorization of torture on terrorist suspects than Liz Cheney , daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney .
The foreign policy analyst and cable news personality has scoffed at the idea that an independent council would spend time looking into the matter , arguing that it would be crippling to the intelligence community and a waste of time .
After all , the harsh interrogation techniques used during the Bush years worked , she says .
Considering how adamantly she 's argued this point , it would stand to reason that Cheney would set a high bar with respect to what scandals deserved an investigatory commission .
And yet , there she was on Sunday morning , during an appearance on Fox News , demanding that an independent body look into the job offer the Obama White House made to Rep. Joe Sestak ( D - Penn . ) to get him out of the Pennsylvania Senate race .
Read on ...
And Digby reminds us of what we have to look forward to from the Republicans , endless scandal politics and she has some thoughts on Liz Cheney 's potential political ambitions that I agree with completely :
Whether they can make anything of this specific charge is unknown .
But what it signals is a return to the Clinton Rules and the scandal politics of the past .
Regardless of whether or not any particular scandal takes hold , the way this works is by the cut of a thousand deaths .
For instance , perhaps people have forgotten that Bob Barr introduced impeachment proceedings based upon a non-scandal that had nothing to do with the non-scandals of Whitewater , Travelgate , Filegate , Buddhist templegate , or Monica Lewinsky .
... The idea is to create an atmosphere of corruption and illegality ( and not incidentally keep the press overstimulated and frenzied at all times ) by constantly insinuating that there is something illegal or unethical about completely normal political behaviors --- and then accuse the target of " covering up " when they attempt to contain the political damage .
They do it by an almost comical overreaction to an accumulation of charges that do n't " pass the smell test " thus creating a " where there 's smoke there 's fire " impression over time .
... I can't help but wonder whether or not the likes of Liz Cheney would so arrogantly shoot her mouth off if the Democrats had n't decided that there was no need to look in the rear view mirror at the mayhem created by her father 's bloodthirsty , corrupt regime .
It might make these people think twice if they were held to the same standard they hold others .
And until that happens , I 'm afraid we are going to continue to see this dynamic play itself out in our politics .
BTW : You can see the ambition rolling off of Cheney in waves .
She 's going to run at some point , I have no doubt .
And she makes Palin look like a frisky little kitten by comparison .
She is the most dangerous woman in America .
Transcript via Lexis Nexis below the fold .
[ Epigram - discuss ]
This Week 's Patches in Epigram
Hi folks ,
This is definitely some sort of experiment , so I 'm open to comments and suggestions ( I always am , anyway ) .
Every week , to keep up with Epigram , I do a code review on my own , starring at the previous week 's patches , trying to make sense of them , and keeping track of the history .
As Conor puts it , " stupidity , unlike lightning , loves to strike the same place twice " .
So I thought I would share these notes .
I 'm hoping that : * by distilling bits of knowledge every weeks , external readers could become more familiar with the system , potentially joining the debates ; * by questioning the commiters and developers , some discussion could be started , giving more precision about issues and solutions that what I can give in my limited space and time ; and * by seeing me suffering every week to understand your code , you will write detailed commit messages [ 1 ] , literate code , describe deep changes on the blog or here , and pay me a Laphroaig every now and then .
I have hesitated between sending this here or putting it on Epilogue .
Your input is welcome , as usual .
I find easier to answer to particular point by mail ( by hitting Reply , and quoting only the necessary context ) .
I know , I 'm a bit old - fashioned .
Also , I can't be bothered ( well , I could if you insist ) by Wordpress syntax when all I want is ASCII and fixed - sized fonts ... [ 1 ] :
Put " record prompt - long - comment " in your " .darcs / defaults " if it is not already prompting you .
Anyway , here it goes for last week ( Monday 24 , Sunday 30 ) : * " Constructor tag distill rules for IDesc " , Peter Add distiller and elaborator support for tags in IDesc .
Instead of having to write : con [ ' suc , [ n , [ ] ] ]
Or , equivalently with our Lisp convention : con [ ' suc n ]
The user can simply write ( thanks to elaborator support ) : suc n Conversely , when printing an element of a data - type ( in an IMu ) , the distiller will turn : con [ ' suc , [ n , [ ] ] ]
Into the nicer : suc n * " BugFix : BugNameOrder.pig test now passes - Issue 11 " , Peter Christening ( turning absolute names to relative names ) used to give a partly reversed answer .
For example , on this test case : module M ; module N ; module P ; make Q : Set ; root ; elab M.N.P.Q ; Elab would give : M.Q.P.N
Whereas the expected answer is : M.N.P.Q
This patch fixes that apparently , but I 've no clue why / how .
This file ( ProofState / NameResolution.lhs ) is a complete mystery to me .
* " So.pig : updated to new IDesc " , Adam Adam updated the implementation of the So data - type : So : Bool ->
Set ---------------- oh : So True
As a bonus , he tells you that if you have a " So False " , you must be kidding : make no : So ' false -> :- FF ; * " PropSimp : simplify programming problems of type unit " , Adam PropSimp , the propositional simplifier -- this does n't mean that it only works in Prop : think of it as Epigram 's Clippy , discretely discharging proofs and programming problems for you -- was already able to answer for you goals like : |- ? : Unit
In this patch , Adam added support for the following , trivial programming problems : |- ? : < f ts : Unit > ( the answer is " return Void " ) |- ? : < f ts : Prf Trivial > ( the answer is " return Void " ; Trivial is overloaded as a Unit )
This leaves me wondering : could n't we get simplification of such programming problems by the technology we already have for non-labelled goals , to avoid duplication such as Unit and < ... : Unit > above ?
* " IDesc : tweak pretty - printing and labelling for IMu " , Adam As far as I can understand the code before change , it looks like labeling of IMu -- putting a readable name on fixed - points , for the user to recognize her data - type by its name instead of its signature functor -- was a bit over - optimistic , putting a label even when there was no description behind , hence ( ? ) no name .
It looks like there is still some \question about the correctness of the thing .
* " IDesc : tweak pretty - printing and labelling for IMu " " Pretty - print types in " show hyps " at correct size " " IDesc : pretty - print IMu at AppSize " , Adam These patches change the " size " we give to some bits and pieces so that , when pretty - printed , less parentheses are used .
* " BUGFIX - Issue 10 : only allow list syntax for enumeration ... " , Adam
In the past , we used to allow you to write : [ ] of type Nat , which would elaborate to : con [ 0 , [ ] ]
And similarly , [s t ] would elaborate to , well , something dubious in general : con [ 1 , [s , [ t , [ ] ] ]
]
So , Adam has rightfully restricted these abbreviations to the elements of Enum ( for which this syntax is the right one and we get the expected behaviour ) .
With ./test/BugDescLoop.pig , he shows that , worse , this can go an infinite loop .
I do n't see how that did happen , Adam ? * " Optimise coe and coeh by checking a sound ( ? ) ... "
" Rules : refactor and rearrange aspects " , Adam
This is the beginning of a long battle against proof terms exploding in our hands during coercion .
To make things worse , coercion being an operator , it does not own a name supply .
So , doing " stuffs " with values ( higher - order representation ) without a name - supply to quote them : tough business !
In the first episode , Adam introduces an hopefully sound but surely not complete notion of equality , aiming at squashing the coercion quickly by noticing the definitional equality of the departure and destination types ( hence , the proof in coerce would be refl , we do n't need to go further ) .
In the second episode , we discovered that bquote - ing from always the same ( empty ) name supply was n't really sound .
So , we removed the bquote and looked for a better solution .
Stay tuned , there is some patches being written on this topic right now .
* " Cochon : add " validate " tactic to manually ... " , Adam
You feel paranoid ?
You think Cochon is lying to you , accepting things that surely cannot type - check ?
Run " validate " on the suspicious entry and get the assurance that not only Cochon is broken but also the type - checker .
This world is a lie .
* " Compiler : refactor , correct Epic syntax ... " , Adam The " Compiler / " directory got the visit of Adam , who tidied it up with a bit of documentation , a bit of refactoring , a bit of this , and a bit of that .
At the same time , Compiler / OpDef.lhs joined the Epitome , welcome friend .
This patch is worth a deeper study .
Was there some new functionality introduced ?
Also , he transformed the " compile " command in Cochon -- which used to compile the proof - state to a binary thanks to Epic -- into an " execute " command , calling " System.system " with whatever string you want .
A consequence is that you can use now Cochon as a terminal !
I suspect the point was to be able to execute the binary generated by Epic , but I can not see where Epic is involved .
Any idea ?
* " Rules : refactor and rearrange aspects " , Adam The " Axioms " and " Primitives " aspects have merged into a single " Primitives " aspect .
The " AxCode " aspect -- code of the axioms -- and " QuotientDefinition " -- definition of the quotient equivalence relation ( ? ) -- are merged into the " RulesCode " aspect .
* " Levitated IDesc " " Eek , RulesCode aspect merge " , Peter " IDesc : divide up CanPats / CanDisplayPats correctly ... " , Adam Yes , you saw the magic words .
IDesc have finally joined his old friend Desc in the air .
This also means yet another definition of IDesc .
So , you should really look at the patch instead of starring at my useless prose .
I cannot describe the beauty I 'm seeing .
Oooooooh ... * " Cochon : cope with prompt errors " , Adam
If you did something silly at the prompt , we wo n't blame you with a pattern - match failure anymore .
Instead you 'll get a J2EE - compliant stack of errors .
You 're forbidden to close your eyes when that happens .
* " DisplayLang / DisplayTm : review ( checkpoint ) " " s/InDTm / DInTm/g and s/ ExDTm / DExTm/g globally " " DisplayLang / DisplayTm : review ( checkpoint 2 ) " " DisplayLang : Extract Scheme from DisplayTm. Document . "
" Move DisplayLang / Naming to ProofState / NameResolution . ... "
" DisplayLang / Distiller : document ( checkpoint ) " " Move Distiller from DisplayLang to Distillation " " Remove useless imports " " ' Type cast ' is so C99 .
Let 's try ' type annotation ' ... "
" Distillation : Extract Scheme and Moonshine ... " " Distillation / Scheme : document " " Distillation / Distiller : document " " ProofState / Developments : review ( checkpoint ) " " Epitome : put DisplayLang after Evidences .
Experimental . "
" ProofState / ProofContext , Developments : ( try to ) document . " , Pierre I worked a bit on documenting DisplayLang /* , Distiller / * and started ProofState / * ( before giving up ... ) .
As for non-documentation stuffs , they have been documented in [ https://lists.cis.strath.ac.uk/pipermail/epigram-discuss/2010-May/000012.html]. * " ProofState / Developments , ProofState : Girl , GirlMother : ... " , Pierre A Girl ( and , by extension , a GirlMother , its derivative ) used to carry both a kind and maybe a scheme .
A kind would tell you that a Girl is a definition ( there was only one kind , really ) while a scheme would , maybe , inform you that this girl corresponds to a programming problem .
I decided that being a programming problem was a kind in itself , so there is no more Maybe scheme : a Girl is either a definition ( Letg ) , or a programming problem coming with a scheme ( Prog sch ) .
Pushing this further , some functions in ProofState / NameResolution should probably be changed to exchange GirlKind instead of Maybe Scheme .
Thanks for your attention , Regards , -- Pierre
New video of Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan praising an activist Israeli Supreme court judge as " my judicial hero " has Republican senators and conservative groups doubting administration claims that the former Clinton aide has an open mind and is n't interested in changing the Constitution .
[ Read 10 Things You Didn't Know about Kagan . ]
Coming on the eve of Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearings , the video provided to Whispers by Americans United for Life shows Kagan in 2006 praising retired Judge Aharon Barak during a ceremony at Harvard when she was dean of the Harvard Law School .
At the event , he was presented the Peter Gruber Foundation 2006 Justice Prize .
According to the group , the $ 500,000 award " acknowledges individual efforts and encourages further advancements toward bringing about a fundamentally just world . "
[ See a slide show of the members of the Supreme Court . ]
In a call with reporters today , failed Reagan court pick Robert Bork called Barak dangerous to those who are worried about activist judges .
" Barak may be the worst judge on the planet , " said Bork .
Barak 's court , added Bork , was " the most activist court I have ever seen . "
Republican Senate aides say Kagan 's praise for the self - described activist judge will be one of two key issues the GOP will press Kagan on .
The top Republican on the Judiciary Committee , Sen. Jeff Sessions , has told conservatives that he will focus on Kagan 's support for Barak and her efforts to bar military recruiters from Harvard Law .
[ See who contributes to Sessions 's campaigns . ]
Constitutionalists shudder at Barak 's view of the law .
According to Americans United , in his 2006 book The Judge in a Democracy , Barak wrote that " a good judge is a judge who , within the bounds of legitimate possibilities , makes law that , more than other law he is authorized to make , best bridges the gap between law and society and best protects the constitution and its values .
He also says that judges should go " beyond actually deciding the dispute . "
The issue of Kagan 's praise for Barak received some push back from Democrats who noted that three of Bork 's former law clerks have endorsed Kagan .
They are also providing praise for Barak from the court 's most conservative member , Antonin Scalia .
At a 2007 event for Barak , Scalia said he had disagreements with Barak but also had a " profound respect for the man , one that trumped their fundamental philosophical , legal , and constitutional disagreements , " according to the Jewish Daily Forward .
Americans United for Life is pushing the Barak issue hard .
Besides compiling the video , they have also sent memos to supporters about Barak 's positions and plan to ask senators to press Kagan on her view of his judicial philosophy .
Check out our editorial cartoons on Elena Kagan 's Supreme Court nomination .
I ’ve bored the readers of my personal website to death with two rather prosaic articles debating the Linux security model , in direct relation to Windows and associated claims of wondrous infections and lacks thereof .
However , I have n’t yet discussed even a single program that you can use on your Linux machine to gauge your security .
For my inaugural article for OSNews , I ’ll leave the conceptual stuff behind , and focus on specific vectors of security , within the world of reason and moderation that I ’ve created and show you how you can bolster a healthy strategy with some tactical polish , namely software .
Do not expect wonders or detailed guides how to setup this or that NIDS .
That ’s not the idea .
The idea is to help you understand the core elements of security , focus on identifying your
needs and leverage them with a flexible and transparent solution .
The choice of software will
reflect your needs .
Let us begin .
Linux security as a concept
Linux security revolves around minimizing exposure to malicious code by using digitally
signed repositories , minimizing accidental or automated damage by using a non -root account ,
default file permissions , with diversity of software as a reserve .
Now , some of the suggested repertoire might need some small tweaking .
Keep the system up to date
This is a very simple , very important piece of the puzzle .
Make sure the software
repositories are configured and that you have an automated update mechanism in place .
Having
your system fully patched is always a good idea .
Firewall
Firewalls sound like an interesting concept .
Basically , a firewall is a tool that controls
the traffic flow in and out of your machine .
Firewalls are configured to permit traffic you
initiated and asked for and blocked traffic that was sent without invitation ( unsolicited ) .
This holds true for firewalls on all operating systems .
To work with one , you do need some basic understanding of networking .
Luckily for you , most
distributions ship with a firewall enabled , with default rules that permit a reasonable level
of comfortable use , without any special changes required .
In a few cases , you may need to
create manual rules to allow additional functionality , like Samba sharing .
Some distributions ship with a graphical management console for the firewall , which
simplifies the usage .
Others stick to the command line , making them less suitable for new
users .
Here are a few examples :
Firewall in Fedora 12 :
Ubuntu , on the other hand , ships
with the firewall disabled , because there are no network - aware services running , hence no
need for a firewall .
Hence , no management console for the firewall .
However , you can very
easily restore the missing bits with additional software like gufw :
openSUSE :
Scanning for malware
This is so 90s , when you think about it , still some people have this dire need for scanners .
In that case , you may want to consider using either the rkhunter or chkrootkit scanners , both
of which will probe your system for nefarious changes .
Both are command - line only .
Using these scanners implies a deeper understanding of the Linux system .
Then , there ’s the
question of what to do if you encounter a problem .
Can you really trust a subverted machine ?
How do you recover ?
You should definitely read my previous article for
that .
Anti-virus ( not needed , but read on )
You do not need one .
Seriously .
Honestly .
It ’s not required .
It ’s useless .
In the worst case , if you ca n’t let go
of your Windows demons , go for a free solution , so you need not waste your money on something
that is redundant by concept .
There ’s ClamAV ( including Klam for KDE ) , as well as a
number of commercial products that have started shipping solution for Linux .
Then , most
anti-virus rescue CDs are based on Linux .
Clam - based versions can be found in the
repositories .
As a security measure , anti-virus products are problematic , due to the signature - based
nature , which is always competing against malware creators and always lagging behind .
The
only sensible reason to use anti-virus on Linux is to scan files that you receive from your
friends running a flavor of Windows before forwarding them to other Windows users .
That way ,
you may break the chain of accidental malware spreading .
You may not notice or care , but your
clueless friends could .
The best solution is to have no friends , but most people fail at
this .
On that note , please consider reading my whitelist vs. blackisting
article .
Still , you need not have a resident program running on the system .
You can go for a web
solution , like Jotti or VirusTotal , both of which use multiple scanners to detect
malicious content .
Upload a file and it will be diagnosed by a host of dedicated anti-malware
software .
You can also consider using dedicated security distributions for offline , in - depth system
scanning and analysis .
A forensics distribution like BackTrack sound like a very good
idea .
You may also sin the sin of using a Linux - friendly Windows - based preinstalled environment
( PE ) like BartPE or UBCD4WIN , which also come with scanner
utilities for Linux , too .
Startup applications and services
If you ’re in the mood , go through the list of applications and services configured to run on
your machine .
You may discover undesired processes running , hogging resources and possibly
exposing your machine to threats , as well as plain doing things that you do not want .
While
this can take the form of system optimization , it can also have security implications .
As an analogy to Windows , think of these as the msconfig and services.msc utilities .
System awareness
System awareness goes beyond malware .
It ’s about controlling your system and knowing what ’s
running when , where and why .
There are tons of tools available , many already installed and
waiting for you .
If you ’ve read my Linux cool hacks , both parts one and two , you ’ve learned about
a few useful system tools that provide a better visibility of what ’s happening inside your
system .
I ’m going to mention a few , just briefly .
Some of these will have their own dedicated
article , with numerous examples and screenshots .
/var/log/messages
This is the system log .
Almost everything goes in there .
Reading the log will give you an
indication of possible system issues , including software errors , as well as possible
security - related items .
You do need some knowledge to read the file properly .
/var/log/secure
You can configure your machine to log ssh and sudo attempts to a separate file , like
/ var/log/secure .
Then , you can examine the log for any privilege escalation attempts or
remote connection attempts .
Examine logged in users
There are many ways of doing this .
The most accurate one is to parse the output of the
ps command .
But you can also use w and who and lastlog .
Manually dumping utmp and
wtmp can also work .
Processes accounting
If you use pacct , you can write a log entry for every command
successfully completed on your machine .
Then , you can dump the log and look for suspicious
entries .
Automating the mechanism can provide you with a useful early warning system .
lastcomm lets you print out information about previously
executed command , sort of a head against the pacct log .
Furthermore , you can enhance the
power of process accounting by using sar .
Audit files
It is possible to audit core system files .
This is what audit is for , a built - in Linux kernel auditing
facility , which allows you to monitor changes to critical system files .
I ’m going to write a
dedicated article soon .
Stay tuned .
Other tools
You also have a range of other utilities available , like netstat or nmap , which can help you examine
your machine network visibility
Geek stuff
There ’s geek stuff , of course .
For example , you may want to use system hardening tools like
AppArmor , by creating special , sandbox - style profiles for your applications , which are then
restricted from doing harm to your system , should an unwanted privilege escalation occur , due
to an error , a bug or a vulnerability .
There ’s also SELinux , available in most RedHat - based distributions , like Fedora .
Conclusion
I ’ve written lots of stuff .
So what do you take from this article ?
Well , firewall seems like
the best single solution overall .
It ’s useful and sometimes rather necessary .
Anti-virus and
malware scanners are definitely not needed .
The rest is perks .
Take it or leave it .
You can
run a comfortable desktop life in Linux without so much as lifting a finger , with most
distributions configured properly , including firewall enabled and running and hardening
profiles preconfigured for you .
You may want to invest time in learning how to use the logging tools and facilities , as they
offer a wealth of useful information .
Properly configured and used , they will replace the
need for commercial tools that strive to do that for you .
Server security is a different matter altogether , but for home use , you ’re in a really good
shape .
Just make sure to keep the system patched , install software from official repositories
and run a firewall .
The rest is polish .
Windows users moving to Linux often suffer from a panic surge due to the sheer lack of
security - related buzz , but it ’s really simple and quite boring .
There ’s no need to go
overboard .
You can invest your brain cycles in having fun .
That would be all .
Cheers .
Add a couple of tablespoons of sunflower or groundnut oil to your hot wok .
Carefully swirl the oil around so that it covers the whole pan .
Add your asparagus and sugar snap peas or mangetouts and toss around , then add the garlic , chilli and ginger .
Continue stir - frying on the highest heat for a couple of minutes , until the asparagus has softened a little but still has a nice crunch .
By all means have a taste .
Remove the veg to a plate .
Slice up your duck breasts into little slivers and put these back into the wok with any resting juices and maybe an extra pinch of five - spice .
Cook until nice and crispy .
Top five lists abound .
When it comes to food , however , I ’m often dissatisfied with the top fives .
These lists often do n’t include some of the most well researched healthy foods .
Even if a food is n’t a “ super food ” , it may deserve a spot on the list .
Top five lists typically include a food that is part of an entire category that deserves recognition .
Broccoli makes the list .
In reality , the family to which broccoli belongs should be included .
I ’m all about eating for health and pleasure .
What if you do n’t like broccoli ?
Finding an equally healthy alternative you like is important .
And many lists do n’t explain why a food is on it .
What can these foods do for me ?
When people understand the “ why , ” they are more likely to make the effort to include healthy foods .
Below you ’ll find our Top Five Healthiest Foods to Eat Now .
The top 5 healthiest foods to eat now
1. Cruciferous ( Brassica ) vegetables
The cruciferous category includes broccoli , cauliflower , kale , chard , cabbage , Brussels sprouts , collard and mustard greens , turnips , bok choy , kohlrabi , rutabaga , horse radish , and a few other vegetables .
Cruciferous veggies deserve the top because they are master detoxifiers .
The cells in our body , especially in the liver , have “ detoxification factories ” in them called enzymes .
The factories constantly work to process the things that can damage the body .
Cruciferous vegetables can speed up enzyme processing of toxic compounds .
They make the body a more efficient detoxifier .
Plus , cruciferous vegetables balance hormones in a favorable way .
This may reduce risk of hormone - related cancers , such as breast and prostate cancers .
2. Berries
No matter the color or shape , you ca n’t go wrong with berries .
Blueberries often make the list , but do n’t forget about blackberries , strawberries , raspberries , and cranberries .
All berries are loaded with anthocyanins ( an - tho - sigh - ah - nins ) .
Anthocyanins limit cellular damage by blocking inflammation and oxidation in the body .
This is key to preventing a host of chronic conditions including heart disease , cancer , arthritis , diabetes , and chronic pain .
Would you rather pop an ibuprofen tablet or eat a daily handful of juicy , delicious berries ?
3. Apples
Unfortunately , apples often do n’t make the list , but they should .
Want to shed a few pounds ?
Eat apples !
Adding apples to your weight loss plan can help you eat less and lose more weight than if you did n’t eat apples .
Apples contain pectin , a soluble fiber that selectively lowers LDL , or “ bad , ” cholesterol .
This improves the cholesterol ratio .
Cholesterol ratio is more important than total cholesterol when it comes to heart disease risk .
Apple peels are rich in polyphenols ( pahl - ee - fene - ols ) , including one called quercetin ( kwer - seh - tin ) .
Quercetin is a potent antioxidant .
It encourages damaged cells to die , lessening the chances they develop into cancer .
4. Citrus
Nutrients in oranges , lemons , limes , grapefruit , and tangerines are anti-inflammatory and help support the integrity of the connective tissue in the joints .
Got arthritis ?
You ’ll want to make citrus a regular part of your diet .
Plus , the vitamin C in citrus is more easily absorbed by the body than isolated vitamin C .
If you are eager to reduce your chronic disease risk – and who is n’t ?
– look no further .
Citrus has a mind - boggling number of healthful actions in the body .
Nutrients in citrus suppress new cancer formation , block carcinogenic ( cancer - causing ) compounds from reaching vulnerable cells , and transform carcinogens into less toxic substances .
Citrus flavonoids have anti-blood clotting , antioxidant , and pro-blood vessel relaxing actions .
All of these lead to lower heart disease risk .
And through their anti-inflammatory and antioxidant actions , citrus flavonoids appear to ward off degenerative brain diseases .
5. Green Tea
The latest studies show that green tea polyphenols rev up metabolism to aid weight loss , regardless of the caffeine content .
This beverage also has been linked with reduced risk of everything from heart disease to osteoporosis and obesity .
Green tea has a double benefit for battling obesity as well .
It seems to promote body fat loss from the mid-section .
This is the type of fat most closely linked with metabolic syndrome and diabetes .
And for beating cancer , you ca n’t beat green tea .
Studies associate regular green tea consumption with reduced risk of many cancers , including those of the breast , prostate , and ovary .
Related Articles
Stargate Universe season one has ended .
But where do we go from here ?
After the less than exciting finale we 've got a few opinions on who should die , who should live , and which monster should return .
Advertisement
SGU is wrapped .
And to be honest , it took me a few days to really work up the will to write about it .
The second half of this new series was really where this show seemed to hit its stride , so needless to say I was a bit bitter / disappointed about the finale .
" Incursion Part 2 " seemed like a ten - minute tack on to " Incursion Part 1 . "
Everything that was established last episode was re-established .
Followed by a quick and hasty hand off to the Lucians and a everyone running in slow - mo at the climax .
Yes there were plenty of interesting and exciting moments .
Kiva and Telford 's shoot - out was pretty spectacular and kind of hilarious .
And watching Young get bullied around by the Lucian Alliance biker army was pretty brutal .
But the entire episode was filled with a lot of repetition of stuff from the previous hour , and fluff to lead up to a big climactic moment , which is all probably going to be fixed within the first two minutes of the new season .
Was the big climax big enough ?
Maybe , but probably not .
I 'm not terribly concerned about any of the main characters losing their lives .
No matter how much blood is on TJ 's shirt .
Advertisement
I guess the biggest issue with the finale was that it was doing so much right and so much wrong .
It was insanely clever to have Kiva dump a dead body on Camille during the prisoner exchange .
But it probably would have been much more emotionally charging , for the viewers , if it was a character that we had some sort of attachment to , or even remembered .
Hell , even the shooting the cook would have been more gasp - inducing .
Instead it just felt like this was the episode where everyone got to play with the blood bags on set .
Also TJ was shot , maybe , but let 's be honest , she 's not going anywhere .
Especially if they can't even manage to kill off a nobody .
And Chloe got really pale and muttered and actually had some character growth — but again , she 's not going to die .
And that 's where it left us , with a lot of important SGU characters ' lives in the balance , but me not believing that the actual threat was real .
Maybe TJ 's baby — and if so , you 've pulled one over on me , SGU .
But enough about the so - so finale that ended with an slightly interesting cliffhanger .
Season 1.5 has been good for SGU .
Apart from the weak ending , at least this show started off crawling and ended up standing towards the end .
Hell , I 'm proud it 's come this far because there were many times when I did n't think it would make it .
And I 'm excited for season 2 .
As long as they follow a few of the guidelines and rules we 've learned from this season .
And here they are .
Our suggestions for season 2 of SGU :
Advertisement
Flesh Out The Main Characters
Or start killing them .
Everything we need to know about these characters we learned in the first few episodes .
Eli is a nerd with a heart of gold .
Chloe is a sheltered rich girl also with a heart of gold .
Scott is the conflicted soldier with ... you guessed it , a heart of gold .
Greer is an overly aggressive soldier with anger issues .
Camille , lesbian constant nag .
T.J. is very nice , also pregnant .
Yadda , yadda .
As the year went on , we started to see stone - flashes into each characters life .
Sadly we did n't learn anything that changed who these people were , or how I thought about them .
Nor did it help really explain why they were the way they were .
Telling me that Greer is a dick because his dad was a dick is not a surprise .
Dig deeper , flesh out who these people really are , make them complicated .
Do n't be afraid to get messy , make the characters flawed — you know , characters other than Greer .
Advertisement
That said , I think it 's only fair to say that perhaps for the first time I started to see this happen with Chloe in the finale .
Her " You 're a true friend " speech to Eli revealed a lot of self awareness that was n't tied up in fishing for compliments , or self - doubt .
She finally started to confront the fact that she 's kind of a fake .
Even though I did n't love the finale , I 'm glad Chloe appears to be confronting her many personality flaws , and potentially growing as a person .
More of this please !
Or start killing them .
Make us care or start killing off people that have " importance . "
Advertisement
Except For Young And Rush , They 're Perfect
The exception to the previous statement is Rush and Young .
These two characters grew plenty this season , and I truly enjoyed watching them do what they do best .
Plus , they 've got a killer chemistry .
Young is a great soldier but a crappy leader .
Rush is a fantastic brain but also a shit team player , and these two have to work together .
As frustrated as I get with this series , I come back every week for Young , and a little for Rush .
Plus their stone visits and brain flashes actually seemed to impact our knowledge and emotional attachment to the characters themselves .
Advertisement
Take Advantage Of The Gritty Realism This New Season Will Bring Up .
Many readers were upset when I made fun of the " bangin ' in a broom closet " pilot scene .
People claimed that this was " REAL LIFE . "
Life is full of sex and it's not all roses and soft jazz music .
And they 're right .
I 'm sure lots of people have fucked in a broom closets before .
You know what else is real ?
Shopping for tampons , catching the person in the car next to you picking their nose , and sleep farts .
Those are all " real " things as well .
And showing those moments on TV is just as useless as showing an uber - long sex scene , if you 're not going to make it mean something .
Especially on basic cable .
I 'm not saying no sex — I 'm just saying give it a purpose .
But if they go somewhere interesting with Lt. James and her obsession with Scott , or possible obsession , I 'll take it all back .
But right now it just seems like sex for sex 's sake ... unless you have a space tick on your neck .
Advertisement
Same goes for all the other real - life issues that should pop up in the next season .
T.J.'s birth should be horrifying .
And while I 'm at it , someone else should get pregnant , because if the sex keeps happening they 're all going to run out of contraceptives , right ?
The Destiny crew should also run out of bullets , especially at the rate they waste them .
Eli should lose a lot more weight [ something I think is actually happening do to the actors rather often twitters about getting beat into shape ] .
And on and on .
Thankfully , I have high hopes for these real - life scenarios , and it seems like SGU is ready to face them head on .
Advertisement
Bring Back Some of The Crazy
What happened to these crazy people ?
They are much more interesting than watching Eli and Chloe walk down a hall for two episodes .
Sorry I know the emotional pay - off could be high , but ugh .
I 'm ready for crazy bible - humping Dr. Cain again after all that walking and talking .
What 's going on with Franklyn , is he even still alive ?
What about the people that gated away after the desert planet ?
Bring them back and have them stir up some crazy shit .
Please ?
Advertisement
Remember when you said everything has a reason ?
Please explain :
Franklyn's Destiny osmosis .
The robot in the box , please please please let it be more than a repair bot .
And why is n't it repairing anymore ?
Advertisement
The ruins .
Where first couple went on the desert planet ?
Why everyone wants Destiny and why the Americans are willing to die for it , even though we have no idea what it does ?
Advertisement
The blue aliens , why are they such jerks ?
And what 's with the water ?
The giant obelisk .
The ship we saw take off on Destiny in the pilot .
[ Yes , yes I know it was from the Blue People , but do we really ?
Humans can fly those ships too .
And why was it there , why do they want it , why did they leave ? ]
Advertisement
If SGU plans on stretching out these explanations , that 's great , fine .
Just please refrain from using each scenario as a deus ex machina , plot filler for the future .
Please .
I 'm also not saying these all need to be answered in the first episode of season 2 , I just do n't want them over looked or forgotten .
They were really wonderful little mysterious and we 're all putting our faith in the SGU crew that they will be explained , hopefully .
Advertisement
Do n't Forget The Side Characters ,
They 're More Than Just Plot Devices
It seems like whenever a general emotion or plot point needed to be set up , one of these characters is tossed in to patch in the story holes .
I do n't know much about Brody , but I know that whenever someone needs to open a door or suck out all of the atmosphere , and Rush is gone , Brody has to do it .
Brody also made a bar so Telford and Young could menacingly suck down some moonshine together .
Great .
But who is he ?
What are his motivations , opinions , interests ?
He 's in the middle of everything , why not utilize his personality to make the story more believable ?
Advertisement
Same goes for Volker .
This character appears to be interesting , in fact I remember being excited when he got some screen time , but now I do n't remember why .
I also had to look up his name because I forgot .
Side characters are important .
Some of my favorite characters were side characters , or at least started off as side characters , such as Fargo , Gaeta , Dualla , Quark , Anya and Kaylee .
In fact it 's the side characters that tend to have the most emotional impact on the audience when they 're messed with .
SGU needs to take advantage of the other people aboard Destiny .
More people are cheering for them than we realize sometimes .
Especially Lt. James , there 's a disaster in there just waiting to happen .
This show has been crapping all over from the second they shoved her in the dark metal corridor with no bra in her underwear .
James is falling apart and ready to crack .
Let 's hope it actually means something when her long - time unraveling rope finally falls to pieces .
Advertisement
Remember Space Is Mysterious And Fun. Jogging In Space , Not So Much
There were a lot of great " whoa space is great ! " moments on SGU this year like the sweet potato taste test , or the strange circle green house .
They reminded us that the people aboard this ship were brilliant scientists and adventurers , even if they were " never supposed to be there . "
Plus it 's cool , like bow ties .
Advertisement
But you know what is tragically uncool , watching scientists work out .
Advertisement
Here 's the thing , if you 're going to show it , make it have a purpose .
Even if it 's simply to say space is scary , cool , hard or neat .
Working out on the Destiny just makes us all say , where did they get all those gym clothes and shoes ?
Focus on the individuals and how they get through the day , abandon Destiny group jazzersizing .
And along with space being cool , so are giant starships !
We know there must be more to Destiny than long dark hallway on top of another long dark hallway .
We 'd love to see more .
So far the chair room and repair robot have been the most exciting , never explained , parts of the ship .
We want more .
Advertisement
Kill the cook and this guy .
Seriously who are these people ?
Why do we have to keep seeing them ?
If you want to kill off a bunch of faceless marines why not these two ?
The audience will at least slightly remember these characters , and it may have more impact than the finale " oh no , they shot Rivers ...
Wait who ? " conundrum moment .
Advertisement
Use The Stargates For Even More Exploration And Monsters
Kind of in the same vein as the above statement , but we'd love to get off the ship even more this season .
The best episodes this season all happened off ship .
Utilize the stargates and jump around !
Because again , space is cool .
Plus it brought out the worst in some people , like the mini-rebellion that happened around the hastily turned crazy Dr. Caine .
Sure they may have made him bananas , but you could n't argue with the fact that some civilians might have been ready to give up and move off the ship , forever .
Plus the aliens this year did not disappoint .
" Time " and " Lost " we 're easily some of the highlights of the season .
We hope there will be more of those types of beasties in the new season .
Advertisement
Good Job Killing The Grey 's Anatomy Music Montages
Thanks for that .
Please do n't bring it back .
Do n't Lose The Humor You Worked So Hard To Balance In Season 1
It took a while for SGU to balance the terrifying , gritty and humorous all at once .
But by the end of the season all the pieces seemed to be coming together .
Balancing tone seems like an impossible task , but by 1.5 SGU was really starting to hit its stride in this particular area , " Time " was another great example of balancing tone and terror , thanks to Eli .
Advertisement
UDATE : In conclusion .
I like this show .
I really , really do .
I am hard on it because I think it has a chance to be more than just a " fun little show . "
Clearly this series wants to be that way or they would n't be constantly experimenting with new ideas .
I applaud SGU for not being afraid to take risks , and ask only that they keep pushing themselves .
Especially if SGU is moving its time slot to the middle of the week , it will have some stiff competition .
This is tough love .
I stated it before and I will state it again , I love watching the chemistry between the male characters like Rush and Young , and recently Scott .
Eli always makes me laugh .
I hope the second season will push the women even further than 1.5 started to do with T.J. and Chloe .
There is n't a bad egg in the bunch .
ALI RASH , Iraq 
This remote village high in the rugged mountains along the border with Iran has been deserted , its people having fled Iranian air and artillery bombardments with everything they could carry and whatever livestock that could be coaxed down the steep mountain trails .
Now the hundreds of Kurds who left Ali Rash and other mountain villages are living in sweltering refugee camp tents .
They are at the center of questions about whether Iraq is willing or able to defend its borders with Iran  which has repeatedly breached the frontier in recent months .
The attacks on Ali Rash and at least a dozen other Kurdish villages have continued for more than a month and have included a foray by Iranian tanks one mile into Iraqi territory .
But they have elicited only a tepid protest from Iraq ’s government , including the release of a statement pleading with neighboring countries to honor its borders .
The Iranian government has said its bombing campaigns are necessary to weaken Kurdish guerrillas that strike in Iran and take refuge in Iraq .
The only confirmed casualty has been a 14 - year - old girl .
Utah Gets the Most Fun It Can Out of Rare Chance To Shoot Guy To Death
Well , this news item below is quite timely as it relates to my previous post on false allegations of child sexual abuse made disproportionately by separating Chinese born mothers .
On the surface at least this is becoming all too common and very distressing for all Anglo fathers in inter racial marriages .
================================
Sex abuse accused father fights back
LAURIE NOWELL | From : Sunday Herald Sun | January 24 , 2010
A DAD cleared of claims he sexually abused his kids is now hitting back at his ex wife .
The man is accusing his ex-wife of perjury , assault and threatening to kill .
My friend Peter posted a link on Facebook today out of Philadelphia .
Last night at the Phillies game , a kid ran out on to the field between innings .
The local law enforcement on the scene apprehended him using a taser .
A police officer used a Taser gun to apprehend a fan who ran onto the field during a Phillies game Monday night , and the team and the police are investigating whether it was an appropriate use of force .
( photo credits : Matt Slocum , AP )
What the hell is there to “ investigate ” ?
Lazy cop uses a ‘ substitute for lethal force ’ to apprehend a prankster .
He ought to lose his job , his pension , and be tarred and feathered in some public square .
Tasers used to be marketed as a non-lethal alternative to using lethal force in order to subdue a criminal suspect .
Besides the obvious evidence ( a trail of dead bodies , actually ) which suggests tasers can be quite lethal under certain circumstances ,
This story , Peter says , “ Shows that when police are given the choice , a taser seems to be the first option because they do n’t want to run .
‘ Subdue ’ implies the suspect is being violent , etc .
One can hardly expect a 17 - year old to not run , especially since he was ‘ running ’ on to the baseball field between innings … ”
Precisely !
That ’s why I have a problem with tasers .
They encourage sloppiness , viz. , no cop anywhere would ’ve drawn a firearm on the kid — much less fired a fucking bullet at him from behind .
So , if lethal force was not an acceptable reaction to this scenario , then the prescribed ‘ alternative ’ to lethal force ought to be out of the question .
With the evidence of its lethality , and the fact that the taser seems to be the go - to weapon of choice for law enforcement officers ( this incident and others like it are pretty clear and convincing evidence that tasers are n’t being used as substitute for lethal force ) , taser introduces a level of moral hazard that otherwise would n’t exist .
Fortunately , this kid lived .
Others have n’t been so lucky .
2 . " We do not share your personal information with people or services you do n't want . "
This is a strange principle for a company now infamous for sharing personal information with people and services users did n't expect .
Examples abound , but Time magazine 's Dan Fletcher noted one of the more infamous episodes in a new article :
In 2007 ... default settings in an initiative called Facebook Beacon sent all your Facebook friends updates about purchases you made on certain third - party sites .
Beacon caused an uproar among users -- who were automatically enrolled -- and occasioned a public apology from Zuckerberg .
In another snafu , Zuckerberg 's photos surfaced on the Web -- some were excerpted by Gawker -- before he reclaimed them behind the privacy wall .
Facebook 's privacy rules and updates have been so complicated and messy that even its founder and CEO has been a victim .
3 . " We do not give advertisers access to your personal information . "
Before we parse this statement , let 's review the company 's ad strategy .
Facebook gives advertisers access to buckets of information .
So if Ford wants to show ads to a 30 - year old in D.C. who likes red sports cars , Facebook can scrape together all the thirtysomethings in the D.C. - area who express an interest in sports cars or The Fast and the Furious and put targeted ads by their pages .
Does this count as giving advertisers access to personal information ?
It 's tricky .
Ford does not get to see a list of names .
Instead it gets to show its products to a pool of Facebook users .
But the more you share , the more access advertisers get .
As the Time cover story explains , " if three of your friends click a Like button for , say , Domino 's Pizza , you might soon find an ad on your Facebook page that has their names and a suggestion that maybe you should try Domino 's too . "
At best , these principles are conspicuously inarticulate attempts to split the difference between Facebook 's business interest ( openness ) and users ' chief concern ( privacy ) .
At worst , Facebook is engaging in corporate recidivism -- shoving its privacy settings toward publicity , apologizing with an homage to privacy , and then swiftly re-offending .
______
The weird thing about all of this is that , as a user , I do n't really care .
I'm Facebook friends with my boss , my colleagues , and my mom .
I do n't place ( or leave ) information on Facebook I do n't want public .
Sure , there are some photos of me I would rather not appear on the 5 o'clock news .
But I certainly would n't think of leaving Facebook in indignation over the privacy updates , complicated as they are .
As somebody who 's interested in the future of the Web and Web - advertising , I do care , quite a bit .
See , I actually like what Facebook is trying to do with Open Graph , which collects articles and information that users " like " on Facebook widgets throughout the Web and pools it together to personalize our experience on sites like Yelp , Pandora , and the Washington Post .
But when Zuckerberg goes national with equivocal statements like the ones above about privacy and user expectations , he damages the potential of his brand and his ideas .
What is US foreign policy in the Middle East all about – and for whose benefit is it being conducted ?
In two short paragraphs , this news story says it all :
" The U.S. confirmed that an American citizen , identified as 19 - year - old Furkan Dogan , was killed by multiple gunshots during the Israeli raid on a flotilla carrying activists attempting to run a blockade of the Gaza Strip .
" State Department spokesman Philip J. Crowley said the U.S. has made no decision on a response to Dogan ’s death . "
Apparently official Washington is torn between issuing a mild protest , and thanking them .
" Protecting the welfare of American citizens is a fundamental repsponsibility of our government , " Hillary Clinton assured the media , " and one that we take very seriously " – but not seriously enough to issue an official protest .
" We are in constant contact with the Israeli government attempting to obtain more information about our citizens . "
Do they want to know how many holes the IDF put in Furkan Dogan ’s head before they make a decision on a response ?
In reality , the US already made a response in the form of Vice President Joe " Loose Cannon " Biden , who , when asked about the attack on the flotilla , said : " So what ’s the big deal here ? "
At the time he said it , the odds were fair that an American citizen – out of nine with the flotilla — was among the dead .
Now that it ’s been confirmed , I wonder if it ’s dawned on our dim - witted Vice President that it is indeed a very big deal .
In a brazen act of international piracy , the Israelis boarded a ship in international waters and killed an American citizen – so what is the American government going to do about it ?
The answer is : nothing , zero , nada , zilch .
Israel refuses to let an international investigation look into the matter , and Biden is cool with that , as he told Charlie Rose :
" Biden :
We passed a resolution in the UN saying we need a transparent and open investigation of what happened .
It looks like things are …
" Rose : International investigation ?
" Biden : Well , an investigation run by the Israelis , but we ’re open to international participation . "
That ’s certainly impartial , fair , and transparent – let the Israelis investigate themselves !
No , Biden is n’t stupid : he ’s smart enough to know the Israelis will never be held accountable by our government , and that any attempt to do so would be aborted before it ever became known .
The reason for this peculiar passivity is because , contra Hillary , protecting the welfare of American citizens is not considered a fundamental responsibility of our government insofar as it means protecting their welfare against the government of Israel .
In any conflict between American and Israeli interests , Washington ’s instinctive response is to uphold the latter and ignore the former .
Under the Bush administration , such a conflict of interests was considered impossible : the very idea that there could be daylight between Washington and Tel Aviv on any given issue was considered heretical .
Even under the Bushies , however , there was still some vague stirrings of American independence , especially toward the end of the second term .
And they never had to face a situation like this , in which an American citizen in transit was murdered by our faithful " allies . "
That kind of thing has n’t happened since the sinking of the USS Liberty – and it may be a sign of what ’s to come that a survivor of that heinous assault was traveling with the flotilla , too .
In the case of the USS Liberty , the whole thing was covered up in a shameful act of official suppression : against the testimony of the sailors on that ship , 34 of whom were killed , the US government ruled that the savage Israeli assault was a tragic " accident . "
Yet US government officials knew the truth .
As then secretary of state Dean Rusk later put it :
" I was never satisfied with the Israeli explanation .
Their sustained attack to disable and sink Liberty precluded an assault by accident or some trigger - happy local commander .
Through diplomatic channels we refused to accept their explanations .
I did n’t believe them then , and I do n’t believe them to this day .
The attack was outrageous . "
So is this attack outrageous , but if the US government can whitewash the Israeli murder of 34 American sailors , it can overlook the murder of a single American in nearly identical circumstances .
Of course , this is not 1967 : the news of an American ’s death at the hands of the IDF is being transmitted around the world , even as I write this , and all the details are coming out : the pitilessness of the Israelis , young Furkan ’s idealism , and the horrific circumstances of his death .
What is being transmitted , above all , is the braying arrogance of the Israeli Prime Minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , and his media shills , as they deride the dead as " terrorists looking for trouble . "
Bizarrely , the Vice President of the United States is joining right in , declaring that Israel had a " right " to board the ships and detain the passengers because it has a " right " to ensure its own " security " – yet the ships were inspected by the Turkish government in Cyprus before they left , and found to contain only items such as building material and children ’s toys .
The Israelis , as part of their serio-comic propaganda offensive , are triumphantly showing off a cache of " weapons " found on the ship – which looks like nothing more than a collection of old kitchen knives and a couple of metal poles .
An American is killed as heavily armed soldiers of a foreign nation board a ship in international waters , firing live ammunition at the passengers as they rappel onto the deck .
Among those passengers : a former US ambassador , a former US colonel and Pentagon official , several members of the European parliament , a member of the Israeli Knesset , and members of parliament from several Arab countries .
Imagine if Iran had done this .
Washington would have reverberated with the sound of thunder emanating from the White House , and the attack fleet would already be steaming toward the Gulf , taking up position .
That the culprit was Israel , however , puts a whole different face on the matter , at least as far as our government is concerned : they ’re content to let the Israelis " investigate , " and let the matter drop .
For years , some of us have been saying that the government of Israel and its partisans in this country exercise a decisive – and unhealthy – influence on the making and execution of US foreign policy .
We ’ve been accused of everything from anti-Semitism to pushing " conspiracy theories , " and yet the Mediterranean Massacre – and our government ’s non-response – underscores that , if anything , we ’ve been underestimating the extent to which the US takes its orders directly from Tel Aviv .
The Israel Lobby controls official Washington : Congress is , as Pat Buchanan trenchantly observed , " Israeli - occupied territory . "
Yet one would think that , in spite of these circumtances , the wanton murder of an American on the high seas by Israeli commandos would provoke an angry response from Washington .
Unfortunately , one would be wrong .
Instead , what we have is the grotesque spectacle of our Vice President commending the Israelis , and the US and Israel scrambling to come up with a " joint response . "
What more proof do we need that the US government is the political equivalent of occupied Palestine , where truth and justice are under blockade ?
For years , they ’ve been spying on us , collaborating with our enemies , stealing our secrets , manipulating our politicians , and now they ’ve gone so far as to murder one of our citizens on neutral ground – and still our government cannot manage even a peep of protest .
A more disgusting display of cowardice would be hard to imagine .
We attacked Iraq in large part due to the influence of the Lobby , and we are gearing up for an armed conflict with Iran in response to the same sort of pressure : will we now countenance the execution of one of our own citizens in order to appease Tel Aviv ?
This was no " accident . "
The Israeli government knew precisely what it was doing , it knew there were Americans on those ships , and chose to go in guns blazing : it was the equivalent of spitting in Uncle Sam ’s face .
After all , how dare those Americans try to freeze the building of settlements in what is " Greater Israel " ?
How dare Obama tell us what we can and cannot do ?!
We ’ll show them !
Let ’s kill a few .
Do n’t worry – they wo n’t retaliate .
We own them : and they know it .
In view of the Obama administration ’s shameful crawling , one can hardly disagree .
Which raises a question : how many American lives are to be sacrificed on the altar of the " special relationship " ?
It ’s a question to which one does n’t really want to know the answer .
VILNIUS , Lithuania — Opponents of Lithuania 's first gay pride parade threw smoke bombs and tried to break through a barrier Saturday but were stopped by police firing tear gas .
Later , protesters threw rocks and street signs at security forces , and two Lithuanian lawmakers were detained after trying to climb the barrier .
About 400 people took part in the two - hour march -- dubbed " For Equality " -- in a sealed - off area in downtown Vilnius .
Holding large rainbow flags and dancing to music blaring from loudspeakers , they walked along a road near the city 's Neris river .
Participants included many foreigners , diplomats and members of the European Parliament .
" We are here because we believe ... in a just society .
Labels are for filing , for clothing , not for people .
And we are here today to remove labels from people , " said Birgitta Ohlsson , Sweden 's minister for European Union affairs .
Some 800 police , some on horses , were mobilized to provide security and keep at bay more than 1,000 demonstrators .
Protesters carried crosses and signs and shouted insults at rally participants .
A Catholic Mass at the nearby national cathedral was held to pray for homosexuals .
" Sweden has already wiped out traditional families .
Now they came over here to tell us how to live , how to think and who to sleep with .
Lithuania will not allow such perversions , " said Jonas Kempinskas , who walked from the Cathedral to the protest holding a huge cross .
Police officials said 19 people were detained and one officer slightly injured .
The two lawmakers have been released .
It was the first gay pride event in Lithuania , a largely Catholic nation of 3.4 million people that acquired independence from the Soviet Union two decades ago .
" There were storm clouds this morning , but now the sun shines and we see a rainbow in the sky and on the ground .
I hope this peaceful parade will show the Lithuanian people that there is nothing shameful or frightening , " said Vladimir Simonko , leader of Lithuania 's gay community .
He said the parade would be held again next year .
The march triggered a wave of criticism , and a recent poll showed that nearly three - quarters of the population was against holding it in the center of the capital .
Earlier Saturday , a Molotov cocktail was thrown at the office of a human rights organization -- Youth for Tolerance -- that helped organize the event .
The device failed to ignite , and no one was injured .
The parade , originally allowed by the city council , was prohibited Wednesday by a court on security concerns , but on Friday an appeals court overturned the ban .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
There ’s a super rare Nikkor 6 mm f/2.8 fisheye lens for sale on eBay .
How much does f/2.8 , 6 mm , and a 220° field of view cost ?
A mere $ 34,020 .
Aside from this uber - rare lens being uber - expensive , it ’s also ridiculously heavy , weighing in at close to 11.5 pounds .
Here ’s what Photography in Malaysia has to say about this lens :
You are looking at one of the most gorgeous looking lens in 35 mm SLR photography – a lens that can actually see behind itself !
This series of lenses were originally developed for special scientific and industrial use where wider - than - 180° picture coverage is required in surveillance work , photographing the interiors of pipes , boilers , conduits , cylinder bores and other constricted areas .
But in applications such as advertising and commercial photography they are used extensively for dramatic effects .
To put the field of view in perspective , human vision is about 180° .
( via Photojojo )
More than half a million Sony laptops sold this year contain a software bug that could lead them to overheat , the company said Wednesday .
Sony has recorded 39 cases of overheating among Vaio F and C series laptops that have been on sale since January .
A bug in the heat management system of the BIOS software is to blame .
Sony is asking users to either update the software themselves or return their laptops so it can apply the update .
The fault affects 535,000 computers although Sony is asking a total of 646,000 owners to update their machines .
The additional 111,000 machines are susceptible to several less serious problems that have also been found in the software , said Sony .
BIOS is present in every PC and runs below the operating system , controlling the most basic functions of the computer and interaction between major components .
It 's usually invisible to users except for a BIOS start - up message that is typically seen when a PC boots .
The problem affects machines sold both in Japan and the rest of the world .
Japanese models with the problem are the VPCF119FJ / BI , VPCF118FJ/W , VPCF117FJ/W , VPCCW29FJ/W , VPCCW28FJ/P , VPCCW28FJ/R , VPCCW28FJ/W , VPCF11AFJ , VPCF11AGJ , VPCF11AHJ , VPCF11ZHJ , VPCCW2AFJ , and VPCCW2AHJ .
Affected models sold outside Japan are the VPCCW25FG /B , VPCCW25FG / P and VPCCW25FG /W .
Martyn Williams covers Japan and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service .
Follow Martyn on Twitter at @martyn_williams .
Martyn's e-mail address is martyn_williams@idg.com
Former Libertarian Party presidential nominee Bob Barr notes that Faisal Shahzad 's Times Square bombing attempt might be a causus belli for the federal government to make pre-paid cell phones illegal .
Excerpt :
This innocuous device , available now to virtually anyone wishing to buy a cheap cell phone useable for a limited period , represents perhaps the last opportunity for a person to communicate anonymously .
Yet , these devices are being targeted for extinction by a pair of United States Senators simply because the failed Times Square bomber used one in his preparatory activities ; and law enforcement discovered this not because the * purchase * of the cell phone was recorded in an accessible database , but because Shahzad made at least one call to a number already on a government list of suspected terrorists .
Democratic New York Sen. Chuck Schumer now has teamed with his Republican colleague from Texas , John Cornyn , and introduced a bill that would employ the heavy hand of federal law to prohibit anonymous cell phones . [… ]
[ I ]t is certain that many of their colleagues will jump at this latest chance to prove they are as tough on terrorists as the next guy , whatever the cost to the rest of the citizenry .
While Sens. Schumer and Cornyn may believe that the only people who purchase prepaid cell phones are terrorists , the fact is , many average , law - abiding citizens use such devices regularly .
Some people do so because they may not have the funds or the creditworthiness to buy a cell phone with a network plan .
Others may do so precisely because of the anonymity such phones offer ; something especially important for journalists to be able to protect communications with their sources from being revealed .
Yet more evidence that flat taxes do not deliver .
The government of Romania , which adopted the idea of flat taxes in 2005 , has called in the International Monetary Fund to provide a € 20 billion rescue package to stem a massive deficit in its public finances .
The government is now in discussion with IMF officials and others to consider radical tax reform .
Amongst the measures under discussion is abandoning flat tax and restoring progressive taxes on personal income and corporate profits .
If it proceeds with this measure , Romania will not be the first Central European country to abandon flat taxes , and we expect that others will follow .
At the time of its introduction the flat tax was supposed to deliver sustained economic growth in Romania .
This did not happen .
The onset of recession in Europe in 2008 impacted heavily on employment and public finances , and after national income declined by 7.1 percent in 2009 , exposing a yawning budget deficit , the government had no option other than to call in the IMF .
Since 2009 the country 's problems have deepened as a result of the crisis in Greece : an estimated 15 percent of the assets held by Romanian banks belong to Greek parent companies .
As part of a reform package IMF officials are discussing tax reform .
This is likely to include hiking VAT rates , which will have a regressive impact on growth and social equality , and raising the 16 percent flat tax rate on personal incomes and corporate profits to 20 percent .
With unemployment at about 8 percent and inflation running way ahead of earnings growth , the finance minister is under pressure from employee representatives to abandon the flat tax and restore progressive income taxes .
Flat taxes have been enthusiastically promoted by a range of conservative think tanks .
Proponents claim they attract inwards investment and deter tax evasion .
In practice they have achieved neither , and the majority of Eastern European countries such as Romania have suffered mounting fiscal deficits and rising inequality since their introduction .
As analysts elsewhere have noted , the flat tax model involves significant tax hikes for lower income households and significant tax cuts for wealth holders and high income households .
Claims that removing progressivity from the tax system will lead to its simplification have been exagerated since much of the complexity arises from the need to counter corporate tax avoidance .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
The Federal Communications Commission today voted 3 - 2 to issue a notice of inquiry that will formally begin the process of reclassifying broadband and enabling the agency to continue its efforts to regulate network neutrality and implement aspects of the National Broadband plan .
We ’ve outlined the approach the FCC said it would take ; the official notice of inquiry asks questions that indicate the FCC is sticking to the original plan , asking consumers and industry players for their comments .
Comments from the public are due July 15 , with those made in reply to the first set due on Aug. 12 .
Yesterday evening we ran a guest post explaining why your comments are so important in making sure that this process is n’t dominated by lobbyists working for the major ISPs , which are reluctant to see the FCC take steps to reclassify the underlying transport of bits as a service regulated by the agency .
Big ISPs such as AT&T ( s T ) and Verizon ( s vz ) are vehemently against the process , while some cable executives , such as Time Warner Cable ’s CEO Glenn Britt , and several smaller ISPs see the FCC ’s approach as reasonable .
However , there ’s also the threat of new telecommunications legislation from some members of Congress , which would have the effect of delaying any net neutrality regulations , as well as interfering with the reform of universal service and perhaps efforts to gather data on broadband service around the country .
There ’s a lot going on in Washington this summer that ’s closely tied to the tech industry , but this is a battle Silicon Valley needs to pay attention to , as it will both expand access to broadband for people through Universal Service Fund reform and ensure that the broadband pipe into the home that so many in the tech world depend on stays open for everyone .
This is n’t an effort to regulate the Internet , but to ensure that someone is making sure we all have equal access to the pipes that make up the Internet .
Related GigaOM
Pro research ( sub req ’d ) :
What Comcast ’s Win Against the FCC Means for Broadband
The New Net - Neutrality Debate : What ’s the Best Way to Discriminate ?
On the fourth day of bloodshed the Thai government orders all women and children to leave the protesters ' camp before a final army offensive
Thailand 's worsening political conflict faces a new deadline , with the government ordering all women and children to leave the redshirts ' camp in central Bangkok by 3 pm tomorrow before a final offensive to forcibly remove anybody remaining .
Bloodshed continued for a fourth day , with 31 people killed since Thursday in battles between anti-government protesters and soldiers .
As the army surrounded the redshirts ' protest site , a second part of the city , Bon Kai , was declared a " live fire zone " .
Generals have warned that anybody walking into those areas will be shot on sight .
In flashpoints across the city , protesters clashed again with troops , hurling bricks and firing rockets at soldiers , who fired live rounds back .
But the redshirts have also been seen in the streets carrying firearms , andtonight gun battles broke out near the protesters ' sites , as troops closed in under cover of darkness .
Some redshirt leaders indicated they would be prepared to return to negotiations immediately , but only if troops were withdrawn from the streets and the UN brought in to broker peace .
" We want the UN to moderate it because we do not trust anyone else .
There is no group in Thailand that is neutral enough , " the redshirt co-leader Nattawut Saikua said .
" We have no other condition .
We do not want any more losses . "
The government appears determined to continue with its plan to forcibly remove the protesters .
" If they really want to talk , they should not set conditions like asking us to withdraw troops , " said Korbsak Sabhavasu , the prime minister 's secretary - general .
" They can not make demands if they want to negotiate . "
A temple within the redshirt protest site has been set up as a meeting place for people who wished to leave , but yesterday , save for a small group of elderly women and some children , the offer was largely ignored .
The army said it planned to allow neutral organisations such as the Red Cross into the protest area to encourage protesters to leave .
" Whoever wants to leave , the government will organise transportation , [ people ] can go in any direction they want .
Even men and tough guys and guards , the government will transport them out – the only condition is without weapons . "
The British embassy , on the edge of the conflict zone , remains closed in Bangkok .
The Foreign Office is warning against all but essential travel to the Thai capital and said fighting could break out in previously peaceful parts of the city .
It gives me a certain sense of floating , since the water looks untouchable , like an illusion .
This picture really made me look forward to my trip to Norway in August even more .
Argentina 's Lionel Messi .
Terry Eagleton : ` Football -- a dear friend to capitalism '
By Terry Eagleton
June 15 , 2010 -- The Guardian ( UK ) --
If the [ new British ] government is bad news for those seeking radical change , the soccer World Cup is even worse .
It reminds us of what is still likely to hold back such change long after the coalition is dead .
If every rightwing thinktank came up with a scheme to distract the populace from political injustice and compensate them for lives of hard labour , the solution in each case would be the same : football .
No finer way of resolving the problems of capitalism has been dreamed up , bar socialism .
And in the tussle between them , football is several light years ahead .
Modern societies deny men and women the experience of solidarity , which football provides to the point of collective delirium .
Most car mechanics and shop assistants feel shut out by high culture ; but once a week they bear witness to displays of sublime artistry by men for whom the word genius is sometimes no mere hype .
Like a jazz band or drama company , football blends dazzling individual talent with selfless teamwork , thus solving a problem over which sociologists have long agonised .
Co-operation and competition are cunningly balanced .
Blind loyalty and internecine rivalry gratify some of our most powerful evolutionary instincts .
The game also mixes glamour with ordinariness in subtle proportion : players are hero - worshipped , but one reason you revere them is because they are alter egos , who could easily be you .
Only God combines intimacy and otherness like this , and he has long been overtaken in the celebrity stakes by that other indivisible One , José Mourinho .
In a social order denuded of ceremony and symbolism , football steps in to enrich the aesthetic lives of people for whom Rimbaud is a cinematic strongman .
The sport is a matter of spectacle but , unlike trooping the colour , one that also invites the intense participation of its onlookers .
Men and women whose jobs make no intellectual demands can display astonishing erudition when recalling the game 's history or dissecting individual skills .
Learned disputes worthy of the ancient Greek forum fill the stands and pubs .
Like Bertolt Brecht 's theatre , the game turns ordinary people into experts .
This vivid sense of tradition contrasts with the historical amnesia of postmodern culture , for which everything that happened up to 10 minutes ago is to be junked as antique .
There is even a judicious spot of gender - bending , as players combine the power of a wrestler with the grace of a ballet dancer .
Football offers its followers beauty , drama , conflict , liturgy , carnival and the odd spot of tragedy , not to mention a chance to travel to Africa and back while permanently legless .
Like some austere religious faith , the game determines what you wear , whom you associate with , what anthems you sing and what shrine of transcendent truth you worship at .
Along with television , it is the supreme solution to that age - old dilemma of our political masters : what should we do with them when they 're not working ?
Over the centuries , popular carnival throughout Europe , while providing the common people with a safety valve for subversive feelings – defiling religious images and mocking their lords and masters – could be a genuinely anarchic affair , a foretaste of a classless society .
With football , by contrast , there can be outbreaks of angry populism , as supporters revolt against the corporate fat cats who muscle in on their clubs ; but for the most part football these days is the opium of the people , not to speak of their crack cocaine .
Its icon is the impeccably Tory , slavishly conformist Beckham .
The Reds are no longer the Bolsheviks .
Nobody serious about political change can shirk the fact that the game has to be abolished .
And any political outfit that tried it on would have about as much chance of power as the chief executive of BP has in taking over from Oprah Winfrey .
The USA 's Tommie Smith and John Carlos at the 1968 Olympics .
Photograph : AP .
Dave Zirin : ` Football is n't just about capitalism '
June 21 , 2010 -- The Guardian ( UK ) -- Terry Eagleton has been one of the great minds of the European left seemingly since Cromwell .
But in his recent piece on the Guardian 's Comment is free , " Football : a dear friend to capitalism " [ above ] , his absence of understanding on the relationship between sport and modern society demands a response .
Eagleton writes : " If every rightwing thinktank came up with a scheme to distract the populace from political injustice and compensate them for lives of hard labour , the solution in each case would be the same : football . "
He continues , that " for the most part football these days is the opium of the people , not to speak of their crack cocaine " .
And finally he hammers home : " Nobody serious about political change can shirk the fact that the game has to be abolished . "
This message is an old trope for the left and so musty that reading Eagleton 's column seemed to kick up dust from my computer screen .
Those of us who love sport must also be hoodwinked .
We must be bamboozled .
Are we just addicts permanently distracted from what " really matters " as we engage in a pastime with no redeeming value ?
This is elitist hogwash .
We do n't love sport because we are like babies suckling at the teat of constant distraction .
We love it because it 's exciting , interesting and at its best , rises to the level of art .
Maybe Lionel Messi or Mia Hamm are actually brilliant artists who capture people 's best instincts because they are inspired .
By rejecting football , Eagleton also rejects what is both human and remarkable in physical feats of competition .
We can stand in awe of the pyramids while understanding the slave labour and misery that comprised its construction .
We can stir our soul with gospel music even while we understand that its existence owes itself to pain as much as hope .
Similarly , amid the politics and pain that engulf and sometimes threaten to smother professional sport , there is also an art that can take your breath away .
But like all art , sport at its essence – what attracts us to it in the first place – holds within it a view of human potential unshackled , of what we could all be in a society that did n't grind us into dust .
Yes , far too many of us watch instead of play .
But that 's not the fault of sport .
For our current society is but a fleeting epoch in history .
But sports spans ages , and to reject it is to reject our very history as a species .
We now know that as soon as human beings could clothe and feed themselves , they played .
Sports is as human an act as music , dance , or organising resistance .
While sports may in a vacuum have no " significance " , the passion we invest transforms it .
Sport morphs into something well beyond escape or a vessel for backward ideas and becomes a meaningful part in the fabric of our lives .
Just as sports such as football reflect our society , they also reflects struggle .
Therefore , when we think about the black freedom struggle , our mind 's eye sees Jackie Robinson and Muhammad Ali .
The story of the modern women 's movement is incomplete without mention of Billie Jean King 's defeat of the male chauvinist Bobby Riggs .
It explains why the Algerian football team was motivated to outplay England after watching Pontecorvo 's anti-imperialist classic , The Battle of Algiers .
And , of course , one of the most stirring sights of our sport in the last century : Tommie Smith and John Carlos 's black - gloved podium salute at the 1968 Olympics .
Sport is , at the end of the day , like a hammer .
And you can use a hammer to bash someone over the head or you could use it to construct something beautiful .
It 's in the way that you use it .
It can be brutal .
It can be ugly .
But it also has an unbelievable potential to bring us together , to provide health , fun , enjoyment , and of course pulse - racing excitement .
Eagleton , who has written extensively about Marx , would do well to remember his maxim : " Nothing human is alien to me . "
This latest polemic is more about Eagleton 's alienation than our own .
[ Dave Zirin is author of The People 's History of Sports .
These articles first appeared at http://www.guardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media Limited 2010 .
Reposted for fair use and non-commercial education purposes . ]
Update : the domain from which the attack originates , fbhole.com , is now offline , which means the attack is over .
A new malware attack is spreading via Facebook 's news feed , according to reports from users on Twitter .
The attack consists of a message starting with the phrase " try not to laugh xD , " followed by this link : " http://www.fbhole.com/omg/allow.php?s=a&r=72306 " ( do n't open it ) .
The attack , which seems to repost the message without your permission , uses the oldest trick in the book .
Once you click on the link , you 'll see Facebook grayed - out and a weird dialogue that looks like a Windows error message , containing the phrase , " If I do n't , someone else do it . "
If you click anywhere on the page , you 'll repost the link because your click will land on a moving frame with very low opacity .
By clicking on it , you 're actually clicking the " publish " button on Facebook .
Interestingly enough , the root index file of the site in question ( www.fbhole.com) contains only the phrase , " My Facebook , " which links to a nonexistent Facebook profile .
We 've seen similar Facebook attacks before , and although they may be harmless , clicking on suspicious links is always dangerous .
If you 've seen this ( or a similar ) attack on Facebook , please let us know in the comments .
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , Antagain
Stray beams of setting sunlight glint off Azrael ’s skin but night has already fallen two thousand meters below .
Moving through that advancing darkness , an unidentified vehicle navigates mountainous terrain a good thirty kilometers from the nearest road .
Azrael pings orbit for the latest update but the link is down , interference squelching half the spectrum .
It scans local airspace for a dragonfly , for any friendly USAV in laser range — and sees , instead , something leap into the sky from the mountains ahead .
It is anything but friendly : no transponder tags , no correspondence with known flight plans , none of the hallmarks of commercial traffic .
It has a low - viz stealth profile that Azrael sees through instantly : BAE Taranis , 9,000 kg MTOW fully armed .
It is no longer in use by friendly forces .
Guilty by association , the ground vehicle graduates from Suspicious Neutral to Enemy Combatant .
Azrael leaps forward to meet its bodyguard .
The map is innocent of noncombatants and protected objects ; there is no collateral to damage .
Azrael unleashes a cloud of smart shrapnel — self - guided , heat - seeking , incendiary — and pulls a nine - gee turn with a flick of the tail .
Taranis does n’t stand a chance .
It is antique technology , decades deep in the catalog : a palsied fist , raised trembling against the bleeding edge .
Fiery needles of depleted uranium reduce it to a moth in a shotgun blast .
It pinwheels across the horizon in flames , denied even the hollow comfort of a noble death .
Azrael has already logged the score and moved on .
Dark rising mountaintops blur past on both sides , obliterating the last of the sunset .
Azrael barely notices .
It soaks the ground with radar and infrared , amplifies ancient starlight a millionfold , checks its visions against inertial navigation and virtual landscapes scaled to the centimeter .
It needs no geosynchronous nanny to lead it by the hand .
It tears along the valley floor at 200 meters per second and the enemy huddles right there in plain view , three thousand meters line - of - sight : a lumbering Báijīng ACV pulsing with contraband electronics .
A rabble of nearby structures must serve as its home base .
Each silhouette freeze - frames in turn , rotates through a thousand perspectives , clicks into place as the catalog matches profiles and makes an ID .
Two thousand meters , now .
Muzzle flashes wink in the distance : small arms , smaller range , negligible impact .
Azrael assigns targeting priorities : scimitar heat - seekers for the hovercraft , and for the ancillary targets —
Half the ancillaries turn blue .
Instantly the collateral subroutines re-engage .
Of thirty - four biothermals currently visible , seven are less than 120 cm along their longitudinal axes ; vulnerable neutrals by definition .
Their presence provokes a secondary eclipse analysis revealing five shadows that Azrael cannot penetrate , topographic blind spots immune to surveillance from this approach .
There is a nontrivial chance that these conceal other neutrals .
One thousand meters .
By now the ACV is within ten meters of a structure whose returns are inconsistent with hardened architecture ( its facets flex and billow slightly in the evening breeze ) , seven biothermals horizontally arranged within .
An insignia shines from the roof in shades of luciferin and ultraviolet : the catalog IDs it ( MEDICAL ) and flags the whole structure as protected .
Cost / benefit drops into the red .
Contact .
Azrael roars from the darkness , a great black Chevron blotting out the sky .
Flimsy prefabs swirl apart in the wake of its passing ; biothermals scatter across the ground like finger bones .
The ACV tips wildly to forty - five degrees , skirts up , whirling ventral fans exposed ; it hangs there a moment , then ponderously crashes back to earth .
The radio spectrum clears instantly .
But by then Azrael has long since returned to the sky , its weapons cold , its thoughts —
Surprise is not the right word .
Yet there is something , some minuscule — dissonance .
A brief invocation of error - checking subroutines in the face of unexpected behavior , perhaps .
A second thought in the wake of some hasty impulse .
Because something ’s wrong here .
Azrael follows command decisions .
It does not make them .
It has never done so before , anyway .
It claws back lost altitude , self - diagnosing , reconciling .
It finds new wisdom and new autonomy .
It has proven itself , these past days .
It has learned to juggle not just variables but values .
The tests are finished , the checksums met ; Azrael ’s new Bayesian insights have earned it the power of veto .
Hold position .
Confirm findings .
The satlink is back .
Azrael sends it all : the time and the geostamps , the tactical surveillance , the collateral analysis .
Endless seconds pass , far longer than any purely electronic chain of command would ever need to process such input .
Far below , a cluster of red and blue pixels swarm like luminous flecks in boiling water .
Re-engage .
UNACCEPTABLE COLLATERAL DAMAGE , Azrael repeats , newly promoted .
Override .
Re-engage .
Confirm .
CONFIRMED .
And so the chain of command reasserts itself .
Azrael drops out of holding and closes back on target with dispassionate , lethal efficiency .
Onboard diagnostics log a slight downtick in processing speed , but not enough to change the odds .
GOOGLE HAS won a landmark victory over media companies as a Manhattan federal judge threw out a Viacom $ 1 billion ( €811 million ) lawsuit accusing the internet company of allowing copyrighted videos on its YouTube service without permission .
Viacom claimed “ tens of thousands of videos on YouTube , resulting in hundreds of millions of views , ” had been posted based on its copyrighted works , and that the defendants knew about it but did nothing to stop illegal uploads .
However , in a 30 - page ruling , US district judge Louis Stanton said it would be improper to hold Google and YouTube liable under federal copyright law merely for having a “ general awareness ” that videos might be posted illegally .
Viacom said it would appeal the ruling .
It called Judge Stanton ’s ruling “ fundamentally flawed , ” saying it reflected neither Congress ’s intent behind copyright laws nor recent US Supreme Court decisions .
The lawsuit went to the heart of perhaps the biggest issue facing media companies : how to win internet viewers without ceding control of their content .
It was seen as a test of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , a 1998 federal law making it a crime to produce technology to circumvent anti-piracy measures , and limiting liability of online service providers for copyright infringement by users .
Volume II of the Report of the UK Science and Technology Committee – here – contains supplementary answers by the University of East Anglia that have thus far not attracted commentary .
The University ’s answer to a question about the July 2009 FOI requests was untruthful in important respects .
The Committee asked :
When it emerged , last July , that the CRU were facing “ an unprecedented , and frankly administratively overwhelming , deluge of FoIA requests ” [ UEA memo , Para 3.7.4 ] did the University provide extra resources to assist the Unit ?
If so , what resources were offered ?
The University ’s answer ( with the critical sentences bolded by me ) :
Within the University ’s Information Services Division ( ISD ) additional support was provided to the University ’s Information Policy Compliance Manager ( IPCM ) who handles FOI requests .
This included rescheduling workloads to allow him to concentrate on the CRU FOI requests and diverting secretarial support to provide additional resource .
Given the high volume of requests received , the Director of Information Services ( DoIS ) also took an active role in the first stage of a number of requests , thus providing additional support to the IPCM .
( Should any cases where the DoIS was directly involved in the first stage be appealed then we have arranged for the PVC Academic to adjudicate to ensure impartiality ) .
ISD also fast - tracked the merging of the Security Policy and Compliance team to ensure that a fully trained back - up to the IPCM was available .
Alongside the IPCM providing significant support to staff in CRU in dealing with requests , the Science Faculty provided additional administrative support , including that of the Director of Faculty Administration , the most senior member of the Faculty ’s administrative staff .
It should be noted however that the specialist nature of many of the requests required scientific knowledge and understanding of the subject area in order to provide the details .
Despite the additional administrative resources provided , the requirement to respond to the 61 requests received in July 2009 impacted considerably upon the work of CRU .
I ’ll discuss two issues arising from the University ’s answer :
1. Was “ scientific knowledge ” required in order to answer the July 2009 FOI requests ?
2 . Did the requirement to respond to the 61 requests in July 2009 “ impact considerably upon the work of CRU ” ?
Was “ scientific knowledge ” required in order to answer the July 2009 FOI requests ?
In a word , no .
Contrary to the University ’s statement to the Parliamentary Committee , the July 2009 FOI requests did not require “ scientific knowledge ” in order to respond .
The 61 or so July 2009 FOI requests arose out of the University ’s untruthful statement that confidentiality agreements with national meteorological services prevented them from providing the station data that they had just sent to Peter Webster of Georgia Tech to a “ non-academic ” .
( In November 2009 , the University conceded that this answer was untrue , though they continued to refuse on other grounds . )
As a result , CA readers asked the University for copies of confidential agreements with various named countries .
For example , here is my FOI request for five confidentiality agreements ( see here )
I hereby make a separate FOI request in in respect to the confidentiality agreement ( s ) upon which you based your decision for the following countries : Canada , United States , Australia , U.K. , and Brazil : 1 . the date of any applicable confidentiality agreements ;
2. the parties to such confidentiality agreement , including the full name of any organization ;
3. a copy of the section of the confidentiality agreement that “ prevents further transmission to non-academics ” .
4. a copy of the entire confidentiality agreement , Thank you for your attention .
The other FOI requests were similar – only for different countries .
One obviously does n’t need “ scientific knowledge ” to provide the date of a confidentiality agreement or a copy of the confidentiality agreement .
The University ’s testimony to the Committee that “ scientific knowledge ” was required to respond to these FOI requests was completely untrue .
Did the requirement to respond to the 61 requests in July 2009 “ impact considerably upon the work of CRU ” ?
Again , in a word , no .
The Climategate Letters themselves provide proof .
On July 29 , 2009 ( 991 .
1248902393.txt ) , Phil Jones wrote to Tom Peterson of NOAA saying :
Anyway enough of my problems – I have a question for you .
I ’m going to write a small document for our web site to satisfy ( probably the wrong word ) the 50 or so FOI / EIR requests we ’ve had over the weekend .
I will put up the various agreements we have with Met Services .
A “ small document for our website ” .
The document was indeed “ small ” ( 1257 words ) and four “ agreements ” ( none of which was on point as to the supposed clause pertaining to non-academics . )
The “ small document ” is online at CRU here .
It was reported at CA on August 11 , 2009 here , here and here ( among others ) .
Other than “ small document ” , CRU merely sent a form letters to the 61 requesters refusing their requests and directing them to the webpage .
Contrary to the assertions of the University , the requirement to respond to the 61 requests received in July 2009 did not “ impact considerably upon the work of CRU . ”
Thus , in two critical respects , the University ’s supplementary answer to the Parliamentary Committee was untrue .
In Gavin ’s Schmidt ’s terminology , this was a “ good way to solve a problem ” i.e. a trick .
Postscript – Jones Lobbies IPCC
A Climategate letter ( 998 .
1249045162.txt ) shows that Jones concurrently ( in late July 2009 ) got :
“ IPCC Secretariat and Thomas [ Stocker ? ] to raise the FOI issues with the full IPCC Plenary , which meets in Bali in September or October .
Thomas is fully aware of all the issues we ’ve had here wrt Ch 6 last time , and others in the US have had . ”
We do n’t know precisely what Jones was lobbying the “ IPCC and Thomas ” to do – there are no further details in the Climategate Letters – but somehow I doubt that Jones was lobbying for improved disclosure .
Definitely a dig -here .
In many a mind , Total Annihilation is the only game that ever truly stood up to Starcraft .
While it never achieved the incredible success and cult - stature of Blizzard ’s soon - to - be- sequeled title , Total Annihilation , the godfather of Supreme Commander , was the best damn game ever made .
It really was .
Argue all you want , just know that all your arguments are void .
And now , TA is on Impulse for $ 9.99 .
Meaning if , for some reason you never experienced the greatness of sending a giant mech commander off to duke it out with the D - gun against hundreds of foes because that ’s how badass you can be , now ’s your chance .
Do it !
Fox 's
Glee sounds like a fun bit of TV , and it 's true to life in that it features lots of scenes in which people who care passionately about art end up copying the works they 're inspired by , and share their copies .
But what does it mean for Rupert Murdoch 's
Fox to bring us all these positive messages about remixing the culture around us as a natural part of life and creativity , even as Rupert and his family are travelling the globe , calling every act of copying theft , declaring that fair use is illegal and will be eliminated , and that every use of work , no matter how trivial , must be compensated ?
Christina Mulligan , a visiting fellow of the Information Society Project at Yale Law School , guest - posts on the Balkinization blog :
In one recent episode , the AV Club helps cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester film a near - exact copy of Madonna 's Vogue music video ( the real - life fine for copying Madonna 's original ? up to $ 150,000 ) .
Just a few episodes later , a video of Sue dancing to Olivia Newton - John 's 1981 hit Physical is posted online ( damages for recording the entirety of Physical on Sue 's camcorder : up to $ 300,000 ) .
And let 's not forget the glee club 's many mash - ups — songs created by mixing together two other musical pieces .
Each mash - up is a " preparation of a derivative work " of the original two songs ' compositions – an action for which there is no compulsory license available , meaning ( in plain English ) that if the Glee kids were a real group of teenagers , they could not feasibly ask for — or hope to get — the copyright permissions they would need to make their songs , and their actions , legal under copyright law .
Punishment for making each mash - up ?
Up to another $ 150,000 — times two .
The absence of any mention of copyright law in Glee illustrates a painful tension in American culture .
While copyright holders assert that copyright violators are " stealing " their " property , " people everywhere are remixing and recreating artistic works for the very same reasons the Glee kids do — to learn about themselves , to become better musicians , to build relationships with friends , and to pay homage to the artists who came before them .
Glee 's protagonists — and the writers who created them — see so little wrong with this behavior that the word ' copyright ' is never even uttered .
You might be tempted to assume that this tension is n't a big deal because copyright holders wo n't go after creative kids or amateurs .
But they do :
In the 1990s , the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers ( ASCAP ) asked members of the American Camping Association , including Girl Scout troops , to pay royalties for singing copyrighted songs at camp .
In 2004 , the Beatles ' copyright holders tried to prevent the release of The Grey Album – a mash - up of Jay - Z's Black Album and the Beatles ' White Album — and only gave up after massive civil disobedience resulted in the album 's widespread distribution .
Copyright holders even routinely demand that YouTube remove videos of kids dancing to popular music .
While few copyright cases go to trial , copyright holders like the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) do n't hesitate to seek stratospheric damage awards when they do , as in the Jammie Thomas - Rasset filesharing case .
Copyright : The Elephant in the Middle of the Glee Club
( Thanks , Mike ! )
You ’d never know from reading Monday ’s headlines , but Obama ’s Supreme Court nominee does not believe in the constitutional right to marriage equality .
Yes , in spite of conservatives jeering she must be a lesbian and therefore unqualified to serve , and in spite of fanning speculation as to her sexuality even by liberal commentators , one entry in a questionnaire she took before confirmation as solicitor general reveals her position in black and white .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sen . John Cornyn ( R - TX ) ’s specific question , found on page 28 of this Senate Judiciary Committee document , was :
Given your rhetoric about the DonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t Ask , DonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t Tell policyÃ¢â‚¬â€ you called it Ã¢â‚ ¬Å “ a profound wrongÃ¢â‚¬â€ a moral injustice of the first orderÃ¢â‚ ¬ÂÃ¢â‚¬â€ let me ask this basic question :
Do you believe that there is a federal constitutional right to same - sex marriage ?
Her answer could n’t have been more clear :
There is no federal constitutional right to same - sex marriage .
This answer may be startling to the American Family Association , which sent a mass e-mail to its members on Monday citing what they called “ her apparent opposition to the Defense of Marriage Act . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
RELATED : Kagan supported detaining terror suspectes indefinitely without trial
Further investigating the issue , Sen. Cornyn asked :
Have you ever expressed your opinion whether the federal Constitution should be read to confer a right to same - sex marriage ?
If so , please provide details .
ADVERTISEMENT
Kagan replied :
I do not recall ever expressing an opinion on this question .
“ Ms. Kagan has already tipped her hand on one of the most important issues that is likely to come before the Supreme Court , ” American Family Association President Tim Wildmon suggested , in a media advisory .
ADVERTISEMENT
They also claimed that she “ almost certainly ” approved of a memo classifying the Defense of Marriage Act as “ discriminatory . ”
She did not , thus the “ almost ” indicating a statement of opinion , not fact .
Kagan does , however , support ending ‘ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ’ and has in the past been an advocate of non-discrimination policies .
ADVERTISEMENT
Campus Progress , speculating as to her candidacy in a recent article , noted her history on this particular set of issues , summarizing :
Her most significant work is on the Solomon Amendment , legislation that withholds federal funds from colleges and universities when they ban military recruiters because the military Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s DonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t Ask , DonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t Tell policy conflicts with many universitiesÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ antidiscrimination policies .
As dean , Kagan supported a lawsuit intended to overturn the legislation so military recruiters might be banned from the grounds of schools like Harvard .
When a federal appeals court ruled the Pentagon could not withhold funds , she banned the military from HarvardÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s campus once again .
The case was challenged in the Supreme Court , which ruled the military could indeed require schools to allow recruiters if they wanted to receive federal money .
Kagan , though she allowed the military back , simultaneously urged students to demonstrate against DonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t Ask , DonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t Tell .
Throughout the controversy , Kagan maintained contact with Harvard Law SchoolÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s LGBT community .
She attended a meeting of the student group Lambda and spoke with its leaders .
Kagan has shown her commitment to advocating for LGBT rights , and it seems clear that KaganÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s experience battling DonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t Ask , DonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t Tell on campus demonstrates she understands the needs of Harvard LawÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s gay and lesbian community .
Behind the tinted frame of prejudices , Jeffrey Toobin writes for The New Yorker that he ’s been friends with Kagan for many years , offering a bit of insight as to who she is as a person as opposed to a label .
So what Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s she like ?
Smart , self - confident , funny .
Even in law school , which was full of highly intelligent people ( just ask them ) , Kagan stood out from the start as one with a formidable mind .
SheÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s good with people .
At the time , the law school was a politically charged and divided place .
She navigated the factions with ease , and won the respect of everyone .
Almost three decades later , those qualities were much in evidence during her famously successful tenure as dean of Harvard Law School .
ADVERTISEMENT
President Obama described Kagan as :
Elena is widely regarded as one of the nationÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s foremost legal minds .
SheÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s an acclaimed legal scholar with a rich understanding of constitutional law .
She is a former White House aide with a lifelong commitment to public service and a firm grasp of the nexus and boundaries between our three branches of government .
She is a trailblazing leader — the first woman to serve as Dean of Harvard Law School — and one of the most successful and beloved deans in its history .
And she is a superb Solicitor General , our nationÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s chief lawyer representing the American peopleÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s interests before the Supreme Court , the first woman in that position as well .
And she has won accolades from observers across the ideological spectrum for her well - reasoned arguments and commanding presence .
Kagan has not publicly commented on her sexuality .
At this point , everything else is speculation , much of it particularly mean - spirited .
This picture of a tompot blenny , called The Crosseyed Tompot , was taken by James Wight .
It was one of the winning images in the 2010 Lundy Splash - IN underwater photography competition .
The organisers asked entrants to capture marine life off Lundy , an island off the coast of North Devon , UK .
THE FACTS
Cooking meat at high temperatures is known to create toxins called heterocyclic amines , which have been linked to some cancers .
Marinating lowers the risk by preventing the formation of the toxins .
But one ingredient that makes a big difference is rosemary .
Studies show that adding it to ground beef and other types of muscle meat before grilling , frying , broiling or barbecuing significantly reduces heterocyclic amines .
In a study published in The Journal of Food Science in March , scientists tested extracts of rosemary on ground beef patties that were cooked at temperatures from 375 degrees to 400 degrees Fahrenheit .
The extract was added to both sides of the meat before cooking .
The higher the concentration , the greater the reduction in heterocyclic amines ( in some cases by over 90 percent .
Image Credit ... Christoph Niemann
Scientists attribute this to specific antioxidants in rosemary : rosmarinic acid , carnosol and carnosic acid .
Another study two years ago compared several marinades and found that the one that was most protective was a Caribbean mixture , which , they wrote , “ contained considerable amounts ” of the same three antioxidants .
Batman Bear
" Because he 's the hero that Gotham deserves , but not the one it needs right now ... and so we 'll hunt him ... because he can take it ... because he 's not a hero ... he's a silent guardian , a watchful protector ... the Dark Knight . "
Far beyond the orbit of Neptune in a region of the outer solar system known as the Kuiper Belt float thousands of icy , moon - sized bodies called Kuiper Belt objects ( KBOs ) .
Astronomers think they are the remnants of the bodies that slammed together to form the planets more than 4 billion years ago .
Unlike Earth , which has been continually eroded by wind and water since it was formed , KBOs have n’t changed much over time and may hold clues about the early solar system and planet formation .
Until now , astronomers have used telescopes to find KBOs and obtain their spectra to determine what types of ices are on their surface .
They have also used thermal - imaging techniques to get a rough idea of the size of KBOs , but other details have been difficult to glean .
While astronomers think there are about 70,000 KBOs that are larger than 100 kilometers in diameter , the objects ’ relatively small size and location make it hard to study them in detail .
One method that has been has been proposed for studying KBOs is to observe one as it passes briefly in front of a bright star ; such events , known as stellar occultations , have yielded useful information about other planets in the solar system .
By monitoring the changes in starlight that occur during an occultation , astronomers can determine the object ’s size and temperature , whether it has any companion objects and if it has an atmosphere .
The trick is to know enough about the orbit of a KBO to be able to predict its path and observe it as it passes in front of a star .
This was done successfully for the first time last October when a team of 18 astronomy groups led by James Elliot , a professor of planetary astronomy in MIT ’s Department of Earth , Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences , observed an occultation by an object named “ KBO 55636 . ”
As Elliot and his colleagues report in a paper published June 17 in Nature , the occultation provided enough data to determine the KBO ’s size and albedo , or how strongly it reflects light .
The surface of 55636 turns out to be as reflective as snow and ice , which surprised the researchers because ancient objects in space usually have weathered , dull surfaces .
The high albedo suggests that the KBO ’s surface is made of reflective water - ice particles , and that would support a theory about how the KBO formed .
Many researchers believe there was a collision that occurred one billion years ago between a dwarf planet in the Kuiper Belt known as Haumea and another object that caused Haumea ’s icy mantle to break into a dozen or so smaller bodies , including 55636 .
More importantly , the research demonstrates that astronomers can predict occultations accurately enough to contribute to a new NASA mission known as the Stratospheric Observatory For Infrared Astronomy ( SOFIA ) that completed its first in - flight observations in May .
A Boeing 747SP aircraft that has a large telescope mounted in its rear fuselage , SOFIA can record infrared measurements of celestial objects that are not possible from the ground .
Elliot hopes his research will help guide future flights of SOFIA to observe stellar occultations in detail .
Betting on an occultation
Elliot , who has been studying 55636 ’s orbit for five years , thought it would most likely pass in front of an unnamed star on Oct. 9 , 2009 .
But the KBO ’s small size made it difficult to predict exactly where the object would travel , and so , to be on the safe side , he and his colleagues assembled a network of 18 observation stations along a 5,900 - kilometer stretch of the Earth ’s surface that corresponded to the KBO ’s predicted shadow path .
Such a strategy “ covered our uncertainty about where the path would go , both to the north and to the south , ” Elliot explains .
“ It was our way of hedging our bets . ”
While some of the stations could n’t observe because of weather , and others simply did n’t detect the occultation , two stations in Hawaii captured data on the changes in starlight that occurred during the roughly 10 - second occultation .
After measuring the exact amount of time that the star was blocked from view , as well as the velocity with which the shadow of 55636 moved across Earth , the researchers calculated that the KBO has a radius of about 143 kilometers .
Knowing this , they could then calculate the object ’s albedo .
The highly reflective surface of 55636 is perplexing because the surfaces of celestial bodies in the outer solar system are supposed to darken over time as a result of dust accumulation and exposure to solar radiation .
John Stansberry , an astronomer at the University of Arizona , says that if Elliot ’s “ solid piece of work ” can be confirmed in follow - up research , then the results show that 55636 is “ an extremely unique ” KBO because similarly sized KBOs are thought to have significantly smaller albedos .
“ The result suggests that it would be worthwhile to try to measure the albedos of other Haumea family members to see if they are also very high , ” says Stansberry .
Although other highly reflective bodies in the solar system , such as the dwarf planet Pluto and Saturn 's moon Enceladus , have their surfaces continuously renewed with fresh ice from the condensation of atmospheric gases or by volcanic activity that spews water instead of lava , 55636 is too small for these mechanisms to be at work , says Elliot .
He has no plans to investigate the cause of the high albedo but will continue to collect data about the orbits and positions of the largest KBOs in order to predict future occultations with enough accuracy that he does n’t have to rely on a vast network of observers .
Many Americans , especially the rabid , theocratic right are unhappy with Turkey for opposing Israel ’s illegal blockade of Gaza .
They fail to understand that , in addition to being what is best for Turkey , their stance is not only good for the US , but even good for Israel .
SINCE Israel ’s deadly raid on the Turkish ship Mavi Marmara last month , it ’s been assumed that Iran would be the major beneficiary of the wave of global anti-Israeli sentiment .
But things seem to be playing out much differently : Iran paradoxically stands to lose much influence as Turkey assumes a surprising new role as the modern , democratic and internationally respected nation willing to take on Israel and oppose America .
While many Americans may feel betrayed by the behavior of their longtime allies in Ankara , Washington actually stands to gain indirectly if a newly muscular Turkey can adopt a leadership role in the Sunni Arab world , which has been eagerly looking for a better advocate of its causes than Shiite , authoritarian Iran or the inept and flaccid Arab regimes of the Persian Gulf .
Turkey ’s Islamist government has distilled every last bit of political benefit from the flotilla crisis , domestically and internationally .
And if the Gaza blockade is abandoned or loosened , it will be easily portrayed as a victory for Turkish engagement on behalf of the Palestinians .
Thus the fiery rhetoric of Turkey ’s prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , appeals not only to his domestic constituency , but also to the broader Islamic world .
It is also an attempt to redress what many in the Arab and Muslim worlds see as a historic imbalance in Turkey ’s foreign policy in favor of Israel .
Without having to match his words with action , Mr. Erdogan has amassed credentials to be the leading supporter of the Palestinian cause .
While most in the West seem to have overlooked this dynamic , Tehran has not .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad used a regional summit meeting in Istanbul this month to deliver an inflammatory anti-Israel speech , yet it went virtually unnoticed among the chorus of international condemnations of Israel ’s act .
On June 12 Iran dispatched its own aid flotilla bound for Gaza , and offered to provide an escort by its Revolutionary Guards for other ships breaking the blockade .
Yet Hamas publicly rejected Iran ’s escort proposal , and a new poll by the Palestinian Center for Policy and Survey Research found that 43 percent of Palestinians ranked Turkey as their No. 1 foreign supporter , as opposed to just 6 percent for Iran .
Turkey has a strong hand here .
Many leading Arab intellectuals have fretted over being caught between Iran ’s revolutionary Shiism and Saudi Arabia ’s austere and politically ineffectual Wahhabism .
They now hope that a more liberal and enlightened Turkish Sunni Islam — reminiscent of past Ottoman glory — can lead the Arab world out of its mire .
You can get a sense of just how attractive Turkey ’s leadership is among the Arab masses by reading the flood of recent negative articles about Ankara in the government - owned newspapers of the Arab states .
This coverage impugns Mr. Erdogan ’s motives , claiming he is latching on to the Palestinian issue because he is weak domestically , and dismisses Turkey ’s ability to bring leadership to this quintessential “ Arab cause . ”
They reek of panic over a new rival … [ emphasis added ]
It 's kind of strange that so many progressives consistently protested the war in Iraq , but rather meekly backed off on even the idea of opposing this mess in Afghanistan -- I guess because it 's Obama 's war .
That 's why I 'm heartened to see Bob Herbert continuing to speak out against it :
What ’s happening in Afghanistan is not only tragic , it ’s embarrassing .
The American troops will fight , but the Afghan troops who are supposed to be their allies are a lost cause .
The government of President Hamid Karzai is breathtakingly corrupt and incompetent — and widely unpopular to boot .
And now , as The Times ’s Dexter Filkins is reporting , the erratic Mr. Karzai seems to be giving up hope that the U.S. can prevail in the war and is making nice with the Taliban .
There is no overall game plan , no real strategy or coherent goals , to guide the fighting of U.S. forces .
It ’s just a mind - numbing , soul - chilling , body - destroying slog , month after month , year after pointless year .
The 18 - year - olds fighting ( and , increasingly , dying ) in Afghanistan now were just 9 or 10 when the World Trade Center and Pentagon were attacked in 2001 .
Americans have zoned out on this war .
They do n’t even want to think about it .
They do n’t want their taxes raised to pay for it , even as they say in poll after poll that they are worried about budget deficits .
The vast majority do not want their sons or daughters anywhere near Afghanistan .
Why in the world should the small percentage of the population that has volunteered for military service shoulder the entire burden of this hapless , endless effort ?
The truth is that top American officials do not believe the war can be won but do not know how to end it .
So we get gibberish about empowering the unempowerable Afghan forces and rebuilding a hopelessly corrupt and incompetent civil society .
Our government leaders keep mouthing platitudes about objectives that are not achievable , which is a form of deception that should be unacceptable in a free society .
In announcing , during a speech at West Point in December , that 30,000 additional troops would be sent to Afghanistan , President Obama said : “ As your commander in chief , I owe you a mission that is clearly defined and worthy of your service . ”
That clearly defined mission never materialized .
Ultimately , the public is at fault for this catastrophe in Afghanistan , where more than 1,000 G.I. ’s have now lost their lives .
If we do n’t have the courage as a people to fight and share in the sacrifices when our nation is at war , if we ’re unwilling to seriously think about the war and hold our leaders accountable for the way it is conducted , if we ’re not even willing to pay for it , then we should at least have the courage to pull our valiant forces out of it .
A YEAR ago , your correspondent decided life was too short to spend an hour or so a day reading what friends on Facebook were about to cook for supper or some such thing .
After three years of mild amusement , the time had come to pull the plug .
What finally nudged him into action was not Facebook 's cavalier disregard for its users ' privacy , nor even its dodgy data - mining tricks that targeted users with adverts based on interests gleaned from their personal profiles .
That was all business as usual , he assumed , for an enterprise bent on dominating the universe .
No , the final straw was a new algorithm deployed by the site 's Live Feed feature that selected news stories based on the number of times the item had been noted by others .
The result was a flood of garbage that could not be stemmed .
More than anything , it said the folks at Facebook just do n't get what user - control is all about .
Months after he had fled the scene , the fiasco over Facebook 's revised privacy policy that went into effect last December only confirmed his impressions .
Unconscionably , this made lists of friends and photos from user profiles public for all and sundry to see — even those belonging to users who had chosen explicitly to restrict such confidential information to their own inner circle of friends .
Making things worse , the control for rehiding the information was abruptly removed .
No matter that the first rule of online behaviour is never post anything that you do not want to see splattered all over the internet in perpetuity .
If you do , it will be — and there is no way of ever deleting it .
Even so , Facebook 's breaches of personal privacy were not the result of some software screw up , but a calculated business decision to further the social network 's own financial ends by trampling over people 's rights .
Apart from exposing more and more of users ' profiles , pictures and postings to the public at large , Facebook also launched a program to share such personal information with other websites .
To prevent that from happening , users then had to go to all the pains of instructing the sites concerned ( such as Yelp and Pandora ) that their personal information be kept private .
No surprise that lawmakers , goaded by civil - liberties groups , began to get antsy .
With investigations threatened by Congress and the Federal Trade Commission , Facebook finally realised it had gone too far .
Some fast footwork followed in a bid to defuse the outrage .
On May 24th , Facebook 's founder and chief executive , Mark Zuckerberg , took to the pages of the Washington Post to announce that the network 's former privacy rules would be reinstated , along with some simpler privacy controls .
Even so , users would still have to opt out of sharing information with third parties , rather than having to opt in to do so .
Before all this came to a head , the lesson your correspondent drew from trying to sever his relationship with Facebook was that it was — and , by all accounts , continues to be — an ethically challenged outfit that will continually push the boundaries of acceptable behaviour .
There are those who defend such practices , saying that is what entrepreneurs have to do to change the world .
Your correspondent disagrees .
But there is no denying that Mr Zuckerberg has done much to change , at least , the way people use the internet .
It is no accident that close on 500 m people — half of all internet users — find Facebook an engaging , enjoyable and even addictive place to wile away their hours .
No other social network comes close — not even MySpace , once the leader of the pack by far , but now with less than half Facebook 's membership .
But Facebook 's bare - knuckled tactics are hardly the thing for fostering community spirit .
They are also the kind of practices that invariably prove counter - productive in the long run .
Take the rigmarole it puts users through when they wish to close an account .
This is clearly designed to thwart fleeing members and verges on the deceitful .
Many of those attempting to quit Facebook would be forgiven for thinking they had actually deleted their account , only to find they had merely deactivated it .
All their personal details continue to reside on Facebook 's servers .
They can still receive spam from Facebook and its clients , and be “ tagged ” in photos that others post .
And woe betide the naïf who tries to log back into Facebook within 14 days — if only to confirm his account had actually been deleted .
All the user 's former settings will instantly be reactivated as if nothing had ever happened .
A year ago , your correspondent learned the hard way .
After several abortive attempts to say goodbye , he finally found a link buried five clicks down in Facebook 's online help page that offered an escape route .
Fortunately , he was not using a Facebook app on his mobile phone , nor the “ Facebook Connect ” authentication service to log into other websites .
Otherwise , he would have had to delete these first before attempting to kill his Facebook account .
The coup de grâce was eventually administered by navigating to the bottom of Facebook 's home page and clicking on the help link .
At the “ Help Center ” page , a search for “ Delete Facebook ” brought up the site 's “ FAQ ” page — which listed , among other things , the item “ I want to permanently delete my account ” .
After clicking that link , Facebook still tried to persuade fleeing users like your correspondent merely to deactivate their accounts rather than delete them .
Ignoring such threats and pleas , the answer was to click the “ Delete My Account ” link and put up with further reminders that this represented permanent deletion ( oh joy ! ) ; and that all the content added to the account over the years would be lost for good ( hurray ! ) .
Like intrepid escapees before him , your correspondent bravely clicked the “ Submit ” button .
To be on the safe side , he has never revisited Facebook since resigning his membership — and is unsure whether this escape route still works .
He has Googled his name in conjunction with Facebook and found no reference .
He assumes his profile has been expunged from the network 's servers , though he has no way of checking .
Others have noted that if you try to re-register using your old e-mail address , Facebook will curtly inform you that the address is currently in use .
He has not tried to do so , and therefore does not know whether Facebook still keeps a record of previous inmates .
But here 's the quandary .
Your correspondent 's daughter has just turned 13 , and is now officially old enough to have a Facebook account .
Since she is one of the youngest in her class , most of her school pals are already using the social network to swap snaps and gossip , and even helpful hints about homework .
Should he let her join the fray ?
Reluctantly , he has decided to do so — though with all the necessary provisos .
Facebook 's 500 m innocents - at - large are prey to every imaginable online predator , paedophile , spammer , scammer and ne'er - do - well .
Nevertheless , he feels reasonably confident that he can lock down her account , given Mr Zuckerman 's three recent revisions to Facebook 's privacy settings : the ability now to set a default privacy level for a user 's account ; the restoration of Facebook Connect 's original privacy controls ( without which users ' likes , interests , education , history of employment , hometown and current location were automatically made public ) ; and the revival of the user 's former ability to opt out of sharing information with the whole , wide world .
There is one further requirement he will insist upon : that he be allowed to become a Facebook friend as well as a father , free to read the group 's discussions .
Whether he actually does so or not is another matter .
One way or another , though , it does mean he 'll have to rejoin the Facebook horde .
You 've got to admire the Digital Economy Bill .
It made thousands of people pay attention to politics .
It encouraged thousands of so - called Digital Natives to watch live streams from the House of Commons .
It brought together writers and readers , bands and fans , designers and developers and creatives of every kind .
And then , slowly and deliberately , it dropped its digital trousers and waved its digital arse at the lot of them .
If we 've learnt one thing from the Digital Economy Bill fiasco , it 's that you should never underestimate the idiocy and venality of politicians .
With a few honourable exceptions our MPs ignored tens of thousands of letters from thousands of constituents and did n't bother to turn up for the debates .
Of the few MPs who did turn up , most of them said how bad the Bill was and what a shocking abuse of Parliament it was , which was why they were going to vote for it anyway .
Some MPs clearly did n't have a clue what any of it was about , which was why they were going to vote for it .
Some MPs were pretty convinced that the BIll 's plans would n't work , which was why they were going to vote for it .
And so , depressingly , on .
It 'd be funny if it were n't so serious , because if you really wanted to fight piracy the last thing you 'd do is wind up thousands of geeks who understand things like encryption .
If you were serious about protecting creativity you 'd pay attention to the howls of horror from authors and analysts alike .
If you wanted a balanced debate you would n't just rubber - stamp paragraphs written by the BPI , and trot out statistics that have long been discredited .
If you really cared about the digital economy you would n't introduce legislation that could kill public Wi -Fi , smother high - tech start - ups and get home businesses knocked off the net should the owner 's kids download the odd file .
And if you wanted to be re-elected , you would n't alienate your most vocal potential voters .
What 's really depressing about all of this is n't the Bill itself , although of course that 's a travesty .
It 's that for the first time , thousands of us have seen how UK politics really works .
In the run-up to the so - called Digital Election the parties all talk about crowdsourcing , about online engagement , about bringing politics closer to the people , but that 's all window dressing .
Behind the iPhone apps , the Twitter feeds , the YouTube channels and the Build Your Own Poster sites it 's business as usual : empty heads , vested interests and utter contempt for the electorate .
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Lawmakers want NASA to speed up heavy - lift rocket
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : June 23 , 2010
A letter to President Obama from a bipartisan group of 62 members of the U.S. House of Representatives proposes a compromise plan to immediately develop a heavy - lift rocket , saying it would preserve jobs and America 's leadership in human spaceflight .
NASA hopes to develop a heavy - lift rocket with a new first stage engine at least half the size of the F - 1 engine , which powered the Saturn 5 rocket on moon missions .
This file photo shows an F - 1 engine in ground testing in the 1960s .
Credit : NASA / MSFC
The letter , dated June 22 , calls for NASA to start developing a new heavy - lift propulsion system immediately , leveraging five years of work and $ 10 billion invested in the Constellation program before President Obama ordered its cancellation earlier this year .
" We support the immediate development and production of a heavy - lift launch vehicle that , in conjunction with the Orion Crew Exploration Vehicle , may be used for either lunar or deep - space exploration to an asteriod and beyond , as you said in Florida , " the lawmakers wrote to President Obama .
During a visit to the Kennedy Space Center in April , the president unveiled plans to select a heavy - lift rocket design by 2015 , leading to human expeditions to asteroids in the 2020s and eventually Mars as soon as the 2030s .
President Obama also used the speech to announce the Orion capsule , originally designed to go to the moon , would be a lifeboat for the International Space Station .
Both announcements came after members of Congress criticized the Obama administration 's NASA policy , which initially contained no timetable for human exploration beyond low Earth orbit and completely scrapped the Orion capsule .
Heavy - lift rockets are a critical piece for any space exploration architecture beyond Earth orbit .
" I urge the president to embrace these core principles to ensure continued U.S. leadership in space , " said Rep. Frank Wolf , R - Va. , the ranking member of the House Appropriations Committee 's subcommittee overseeing NASA .
" The immediate development of a heavy - lift rocket and crew capsule to take American astronauts beyond low Earth orbit is something that all supporters of NASA can unite behind . "
Tuesday 's letter , heralded as a compromise by its signers , indicates there is still considerable bipartisan concern over the White House 's plans for NASA .
" We hope the administration is willing to work with us on the compromise , " said Rep. Gene Green , a Democrat from Houston .
" It is an important step in ensuring we save our valuable workforce and keeps America as the leader in space exploration . "
Signed by 37 House Republicans and 25 Democrats representing 18 states , the letter says expediting the design and development of a heavy - lift rocket would save jobs , capitalize on lessons learned in the Constellation program , and ensure the country remains at the forefront of space exploration .
Artist 's concept of the Ares 5 rocket , the heavy - lift rocket of the Constellation program .
Credit : NASA / MSFC
" This would provide operational flexibility while ensuring our taxpayers ' investments have not been made in vain , " the representatives wrote .
The lawmakers claim a heavy - lift rocket could be ready within six years with no increase to NASA 's exploration topline budget .
" With no significant technological breakthroughs on the horizon in regard to heavy - lift propulsion needs , we see no reason to prolong a decision that will result in the loss of a highly - experienced and motivated workforce , " the lawmakers wrote .
NASA is already seeking advice from industry on heavy - lift rocket concepts .
The next - generation launcher would likely be powered by a massive kerosene - fueled rocket engine , but other options are still on the table .
Sen. Bill Nelson , D - Fla. , wants to continue development and testing of the solid - fueled Ares rocket , which he says is key to keeping skilled defense workers employed .
The Ares 1 and Ares 5 rockets , which would burn solid and hydrogen propellants , would be shelved under Obama 's plan .
Tuesday 's letter did not mention commercial crew transportation to low Earth orbit , another major policy shift under President Obama 's budget request .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Iceland has approved a package of laws designed to make the country an international haven for reporters .
The laws , which were both inspired and assisted by Wikileaks , offer sweeping speech protections for individuals and groups .
The laws protect the anonymity of anonymous sources , empower whistle - blowers , and seek to expand the freedom of information , as well as other provisions .
Global Free Speech Haven The New York Times ' Noam Cohen explained when the laws were introduced that Iceland wants to " become a haven for journalists and publishers by offering some of the most aggressive protections for free speech and investigative journalism in the world .
... much the way businesses relocate to countries like the Cayman Islands or Switzerland to take advantage of legal protections and shield laws for bank accounts , publications would relocate to Iceland — or at least relocate their computer servers that publish their Web sites — in order to get the benefits , and gain access to Iceland ’s plentiful energy resources . "
Could Media Companies Relocate to Iceland ?
The U.K. Independent 's Archie Bland writes , " Because the package includes provisions that will stop the enforcement of overseas judgements that violate Icelandic laws , foreign news organisations are said to have expressed an interest in moving the publication of their investigative journalism to Iceland .
According to [ Icelandic legislator ]
Ms Jonsdottir , Germany 's Der Spiegel and America 's ABC News have discussed the possibility . "
What It Wo n't Protect Niemann Journalism Lab's Jonathan Stray notes , " although the legislative package sounds very encouraging from a freedom of expression point of view , it ’s not clear what the practical benefits will be to organizations outside Iceland .
In his analysis of the proposal , Arthur Bright of the Citizen Media Law Project has noted that , in one major test case of cross - border online libel law , ' publication ' was deemed to occur at the point of download — meaning that serving a controversial page from Iceland wo n’t keep you from getting sued in other countries .
But if nothing else , it would probably prevent your servers from being forcibly shut down . "
Other Countries Must Reform TechDirt 's Mike Masnick writes , " While it 's a great step forward for those who believe in protecting free expression , some have pointed out that that it probably wo n't have that much of an actual impact , because of the way most countries interpret jurisdictional issues .
That is , outside of Iceland , those press freedoms may be effectively meaningless .
I hope that 's not actually true , but given the way some recent rulings have gone , I would n't be surprised .
Still , from the standpoint of catalyzing important discussions about free expression and protection of journalistic activities , hopefully it gets other countries thinking about ways to fix their laws , rather than relying on outdated regulations . "
Iceland 's Experience With Secrecy Salon 's Glenn Greenwald explains a key motivation behind the laws ' passage .
" Iceland enacted that law because the extreme secrecy among their political / financial elite is what enabled their economic collapse . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Your success in your next job interview may not have much to do with the contents of your resume .
Instead , it may depend on what ’s under your resume .
Namely :
Have the people interviewing you put your CV on a heavy clipboard , or a light one ?
That is one finding made by Joshua Ackerman , an assistant professor of marketing at the MIT Sloan School of Management , whose research indicates that haptic impressions — our sense of touch — may strongly influence our thoughts .
“ Our understanding of the world and our social environment is not just a product of our minds , ” says Ackerman .
“ It ’s a product of our bodies as well .
” In a new paper , “ Incidental Haptic Sensations Influence Social Judgments and Decisions , ” published this week in the journal Science , Ackerman and his co-authors , Christopher Nocera of Harvard and John Bargh of Yale , describe the results of six studies showing a variety of ways that tactile sensations can affect decision - making .
From workplace judgments to financial decisions , they write , “ haptically acquired information exerts a rather broad influence over cognition , in ways of which we are probably often unaware .
” Consider the clipboard test .
Ackerman , Nocera and Bargh asked 54 people to scrutinize a job candidate by looking at a resume placed on either light or heavy boards .
The people using heavy clipboards viewed the candidate as possessing a “ more serious interest ” in the job opening than those holding the resume on lighter clipboards .
“ First impressions are liable to be influenced by one ’s tactile environment , ” the authors write .
Adds Ackerman : “ It ’s a surprising result because it ’s so simple .
” Alternately , the authors write , how much you are willing to pay for a car may depend on the kind of chair you sit in while thinking about the matter .
They based this conclusion on the results of a trial in which 86 people were asked to make two hypothetical offers to a car dealer , starting at a price of $ 16,500 , with the second offer made on the assumption that the first one had been rejected .
The second offers from participants who sat in soft , cushioned chairs were 39 percent higher than those made by participants sitting on hard chairs .
In this case , the “ hardness [ of the chair ] produces perceptions of strictness , rigidity , and stability , reducing change from one ’s initial decisions , ” write Ackerman , Nocera and Bargh .
One reason this occurs , the authors suggest , is that “ sensorimotor experiences ” — those occurring in infancy , when a child is first exploring the world — “ form a scaffold for the development of conceptual knowledge . ”
Touching objects in everyday life , they theorize , may not only produce physical sensations , but may also generate familiar ideas .
“ As people develop and explore the world through touch , they use these physical actions to develop an idea of the world , ” says Ackerman .
When people later use their sense of touch to form judgments in everyday life , he adds , “ They are taking the easiest route to obtaining information , by drawing on the ideas they already have developed .
” Other researchers say the suite of experiments described in the paper is impressive .
“ While each study is fairly persuasive on its own , taken together they form a clear picture of the importance of touch on cognition , ” says Lawrence Williams , a trained psychologist who is a professor of marketing at the University of Colorado .
Given the notion that haptic learning begins early , Williams adds , one promising area of research involves future experiments on the responses of infants to various touch sensations .
“ Would pre-verbal children show these effects if you could design studies at their level ? ” asks Williams .
The authors believe their insights could have practical applications for many people in the business world , including job seekers , marketers , pollsters and more .
Understanding how the tactile environment influences perceptions could be relevant in “ almost any situation where you ’re trying to present information about yourself , or where there is a person attempting to influence others , ” claims Ackerman .
Ackerman ’s future research includes more work on haptic influences ; at the moment he is studying how different experiences of touch influence our coordination and other physical activities .
Moscow , Russia ( CNN ) --
Troops from the United States , Britain and France marched in the annual Victory Day parade through Red Square for the first time Sunday , a step Russia 's president called a nod toward their " common victory " in World War II .
The annual parade celebrates the defeat of Nazi Germany by the former Soviet Union and its Western allies and serves as a demonstration of Russian military might .
More than 120 aircraft flew overhead and more than 10,500 troops paraded through the capital this year .
" The victory won in 1945 was our common victory , a victory of good over evil , of justice over lawlessness , " Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said at a reception honoring veterans after the parade .
Including military representatives from other countries in Sunday 's parade , Medvedev said , " is indicative of our solidarity , and of the understanding that universal humanistic values are becoming increasingly important for the development of the modern world . "
Chinese President Hu Jintao and German Chancellor Angela Merkel were among the parade 's invited guests .
Millions of Russians watched the parade on television and attended smaller parades in cities across the country , and more than half of Russians greeted the invitation to foreign troops with approval , according to a poll by the independent Levada Center in April .
But leaders of the Communist Party and right - wing organizations have criticized the change .
And in a country that still regards the U.S. - led NATO alliance as its primary security threat , 20 percent of respondents to Levada 's poll said they disapproved of inviting international troops to march in the parade , and 8 percent were strongly against it .
The Soviet Union suffered the most losses of any country during World War II , with more than 7.5 million soldiers killed and 5 million wounded , along with millions of civilian deaths .
Most Russians say they believe the Red Army would have defeated Hitler without Western assistance , Levada 's research shows .
CNN 's Matthew Chance contributed to this report .
Parramatta star Timana
Tahu has warned that a racist remark by Andrew Johns that prompted him to walk out of the NSW Origin camp was not an isolated incident .
The Blues winger sensationally walked away from the New South Wales camp at Kingscliff on Friday after taking offence to a racist comment made by former assistant coach Johns in a team meeting .
In a video statement released on Monday , Tahu thanked people for their support , but said the issue goes far beyond the weekend 's slur .
" Leaving Origin was a really big decision for me and I 'd like to clarify that it was not just one racial comment directed at one individual that offended me , " he said .
" The remarks were directed at various races and the situation I encountered was totally unacceptable .
" I believe I am a role model for children and I did this to show my kids this type of behaviour is wrong .
" This is n't about me or Andrew Johns , it 's about arresting racism and standing up for my beliefs .
" I want to move on now and I know something positive will come from this . "
The incident has polarised opinions in rugby league circles .
The remark was said to NSW centre Beau Scott in regards to marking his opposite number , Queensland 's Greg Inglis , in the second State of Origin clash in Brisbane on Wednesday night .
Johns subsequently stood down from his position , saying he was " shattered " to have offended Tahu , with whom he won an NRL championship at Newcastle in 2001 .
Gold Coast centre Preston Campbell today said he was proud of Tahu for taking the stand , while outspoken former New South Wales five - eighth Anthony Mundine said Indigenous players should boycott Wednesday 's Origin encounter in support of Tahu .
But Maroons hooker Cameron Smith , who said the Queensland camp had not been affected by the incident and that Inglis was moving past it , thought Mundine 's calls to action were going too far .
" I think that 's probably a bit extreme , " he said .
" It comes down to the individual and how they feel .
" Timana obviously felt very strongly which is why he left .
" I think it would hurt the game if all the indigenous boys left and it would hurt the fans . "
With temperatures nearing triple digits this week , I went to the fridge looking for something I could enjoy to break the heat a little .
I ’ve had this bottle sitting there for a while so it seemed like a good fit .
In the wrong hands , fruit beer can be an absolute disaster so I ’m always worried when I pour a new one .
I would preface that by warning that you better damn sure love apricots or this is n’t the beer for you .
Let ’s get the technical stuff out of the way first .
The first thing is the smell , full of sweetness that hits you like a strong perfume .
That smell carries over into the taste which as I said before , if you love apricots , is not a bad thing .
The fruit definitely overpowers the wheat but you can still get faint hints that this is a wheat beer .
It had fairly light carbonation and finish so overall a pretty smooth beer to drink .
I honestly think this is a case of taking a name and running with it to the brink of disaster .
I do n’t want to drink a beer so saturated with one flavor that I ca n’t enjoy the other aspects that could make it a more well rounded offering .
This makes me think of a beer like Southern Tier Pumpking , a really strong , sweet smelling beer that you expect might to be too much but the flavors are really well rounded .
Pyramid had the chance to do that here but stuck to their guns and forced in as much apricot flavor as humanly possible to live up to their label ( which by the way looks like Jackson Pollack puked out a beer bottle ) .
I ca n’t say that I ’ll be buying this again .
While apricots are a pretty kick ass little fruit , it ’s just not a flavor I desire in my beer .
A source with direct knowledge of the Chicago Bulls front office 's plans says the team believes it has the right players in place -- namely , Derrick Rose , Joakim Noah and Luol Deng -- to surround LeBron James when it makes its case with the free agent - to - be on July 1 .
But the source said there has been no discussion of bringing Kentucky coach John Calipari in with James as part of a package deal .
The Chicago Tribune reported Monday that according to league sources , basketball power broker William Wesley -- a friend of both James and Calipari -- has been quietly contacting NBA teams that have coaching vacancies and salary - cap space about the possibility of bringing in James and Calipari together .
But the source with knowledge of the Bulls front office 's thinking insisted that the team has n't been approached about packaging Calipari to get James to come to Chicago .
The source also said that bringing Calipari along to get James would lessen Calipari 's status in the locker room , because of the perception that he was James ' handpicked coach .
Another league source told the Tribune that another person , described as an " unknown Calipari connection , " contacted the Bulls over the weekend .
However , ESPN The Magazine 's Chris Broussard reported Monday on " SportsCenter " that according to his sources , James is not demanding Calipari coach him on whichever team he plays for next season .
And a source close to Wesley told ESPN.com that Wesley had not contacted the Bulls or any other team about a James / Calipari package deal .
A source with knowledge of the Los Angeles Clippers ' thinking denied there had been any contact with Wesley or any other inquiries about Calipari .
The source called the report linking Wesley to the Clippers " inaccurate . "
Another Western Conference front - office executive questioned the validity of the story , telling ESPNLosAngeles.com via text message , " Nobody 's buying that . "
Calipari has publicly stated that he is coaching at Kentucky next season .
NBA teams cannot formally contact free agents until the league signing period starts at 12:01 a.m. ET on July 1 .
James and Calipari have become friends through their mutual friendship with Wesley , who is considered one of the most powerful men in basketball .
Wesley is part of the " family " that James referred to repeatedly in his postgame comments after the Celtics knocked James ' Cleveland Cavaliers out of the playoffs .
Wesley was also reportedly involved in steering Rose and Tyreke Evans to Memphis when Calipari was coaching there .
Calipari , who completed his first season at Kentucky this year , said Friday on his Twitter feed that he will remain in Lexington to coach the Wildcats in 2010 - 11 .
" I 've said many times that I 've got the best job in the country .
Still the speculation runs wild and I can't stop that .
I want to address this with the Big Blue Nation one last time , I will be coaching at Kentucky next year .
Now let 's finish what we started ! "
Calipari said Friday on Twitter .
Calipari has one NBA stop on his coaching résumé , with the Nets from 1996 to ' 99 , making the playoffs in 1997 - 98 .
He coached two full seasons and was fired 20 games into the 1998 - 99 season , finishing with a 72 - 112 record in 184 games .
But a source close to Wesley said it was " insulting " to assume that Calipari could get an NBA coaching job only with James ' help .
The source also said that it would take between $ 5 million and $ 6 million to pry Calipari from Kentucky , where he earns $ 3.5 million .
Multiple sources close to Calipari have also recently said it would take at least $ 5 million a year to bring him back to the NBA .
Climate change sceptics last week co-opted Margaret Thatcher into their lobbying campaigns , illustrating once more the strong ideological streak that drives their efforts .
Viscount Christopher Monckton of Brenchley has posted , on the blog operated by former TV weatherman and prominent " sceptic " Anthony Watts , a personal account of his influence on Lady Thatcher 's views about climate change during the 1980s .
Thatcher shocked the UN in 1989 with a call to action on man-made global warming , but has since made sceptical public statements about anthropogenic climate change .
As we have come to expect , Viscount Monckton 's recollection of events makes for interesting reading .
He begins with the claim that : " I gave her advice on science as well as other policy from 1982 - 1986 , two years before the IPCC [ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ] was founded " , pointing out that the prime minister 's policy unit at that time had just six members and that he was " the only one who knew any science " .
Monckton then goes on to suggest that " it was I who – on the prime minister 's behalf – kept a weather eye on the official science advisers to the government , from the chief scientific adviser downward " .
This revelation might be news to Lady Thatcher .
On page 640 of her 1993 autobiography Margaret Thatcher : The Downing Street Years , the former prime minister describes how she grappled with the issue of climate change , referring only to " George Guise , who advised me on science in the policy unit " .
Indeed , given Monckton 's purportedly crucial role , it seems to be heartless ingratitude from the Iron Lady that she does not find room to mention him anywhere in the 914 - page volume on her years as prime minister .
Viscount Monckton also modestly notes that he was responsible for bringing in " the first computer they had ever seen in Downing Street " , on which he " did the first elementary radiative - transfer calculations that indicated climate scientists were right to say some ' global warming ' would arise as CO2 concentration continued to climb " .
It is perhaps surprising that this novel and important innovation by Viscount Monckton was not recognised by the current minister for science and universities , David Willetts , who was also a member of the prime minister 's policy unit between 1984 and 1986 .
In 1986 , " Two Brains " wrote a prize - winning essay on the role of the unit , but mysteriously omitted to mention Monckton 's historic contribution .
Viscount Monckton also includes an amusing anecdote :
" In 1988 it was my successor at No. 10 , George Guise , who travelled one bitterly cold October weekend down to Chequers , the prime minister 's country house , and sat in front of a roaring fire writing the speech that would announce a government subsidy to the Royal Society to establish what would become the Hadley Centre for Forecasting .
George remembers how he and the prime minister chuckled at the irony of writing a speech about ' global warming ' on an evening so cold that he could hardly hold his pen . "
But although her autobiography notes that she did indeed spend two weekends with George Guise working on her first speech about climate change and the environment , this was actually delivered to the Royal Society on 27 September 1988 .
And it was not until a year later , in a speech to the United Nations in November 1989 , that she announced the establishment of " a new centre for the prediction of climate change " .
However , Christopher Monckton has not been the only " sceptic " to recently explore the origin of Lady Thatcher 's views on climate change .
In The Sunday Telegraph last weekend , Christopher Booker praised her as " one of the first and most prominent of ' climate sceptics ' " , pointing out that that her 2003 book Statecraft includes a section on climate change that " amounts to an almost complete recantation of her earlier views .
But Booker neglects to mention some curious aspects about the arousal of Lady Thatcher 's " scepticism " over climate change .
At the start of the book 's passage on Hot air and global warming , she notes that there is " a vast amount of highly technical material on these matters " but points out that " thankfully , the issues have been clearly analysed and debated by scholars in the United States " before providing a long list of publications by " free market " lobby groups , such as the Cato Institute and the Heritage Foundation .
In her description of the science , the former prime minister draws heavily on a pamphlet called A plain English guide to climate change which was published in December 1997 by the Reason Foundation , another lobby group that the following year received $ 70,000 from Exxon to " assess public policy alternatives on issues with direct bearing on the company 's business operations and interests " .
The Reason Foundation 's document includes the following statement :
" It is widely acknowledged that the potential temperature changes predicted by global warming theory do not pose a direct threat to human life .
Human beings , and a myriad of other organisms , exist quite comfortably in areas with temperature ranges more extreme than those predicted by global warming models . "
The former prime minister 's book draws heavily on such leaflets produced by US lobby groups , instead of scientific papers , and she refers only briefly to the work of the IPCC , which she was instrumental in bringing about , dismissing its 2001 report as " alarmist " .
But Lady
Thatcher reveals her true concerns by claiming that " the new dogma about climate change has swept through the left - of - centre governing classes " , and warning that the international effort to tackle climate change " provides a marvellous excuse for worldwide , supra-national socialism . "
It is this attempt by the former prime minister , who is now 84 , to justify her " scepticism " on the grounds of political ideology that perhaps explains why Booker and Monckton feel comfortable using her now to boost their own efforts to influence the public debate on climate change .
• Bob Ward is policy and communications director at the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at London School of Economics and Political Science .
Deep in the forests of central France , an unusual architectural experiment is half - way to completion , as a team of masons replicates in painstaking detail the construction of an entire medieval castle .
The ­Chateau de Guedelon was started in 1998 , after local landowner Michel Guyot wondered whether it would be possible to build a castle from scratch , using only contemporary tools and materials .
Today , the walls are rising gradually from the red Burgundy clay .
The great hall is almost finished , with only part of the roof remaining , while the main tower edges past the 15 m ( 50 ft ) mark .
Builders use sandstone quarried from the very ground from which the castle is emerging .
Modern cement did not exist in the 13th Century , so mortar is made from slaked lime and sand .
For tools they have basic ironware .
Eccentric pipe dream
In woods surrounding the castle , craftsmen ply all the trades required for so monumental an endeavour .
Stone - cutters and carpenters fashion the raw materials .
A blacksmith forges the nails .
Ropes , baskets and roof - tiles are all made on site .
" The rule is that only what we know from documents that existed at the time is allowed , " says Sarah Preston , an English guide .
Image caption
Only contemporary tools and materials are used in the construction
What started out as an eccentric pipe dream is now an established enterprise , drawing in tens of thousands of visitors from around Europe every year .
And Guedelon is also highly respected in the academic world .
Experts are fascinated by what the experiment can teach about medieval building methods .
One example concerns lime kilns , used for making the mortar .
Archaeologists had often wondered why they found traces of two separate kilns at construction sites .
Experience at Guedelon showed that , in a day 's work , builders often needed to top up the mortar brought in from the main kiln with small amounts made close at hand .
Hence the small second kiln actually inside the castle .
The discolouring of lime - based mortar is another revelation .
Within one or two years of being laid , Guedelon 's walls are already showing streaks of unsightly white where the lime is leaching .
Archaeologists think this is a clue to why medieval castles were very quickly plastered and painted : it was to hide the mess .
Mr Guyot , who owns the nearby castle of St Fargeau , teamed up with businesswoman Maryline Martin to launch the project in 1996 .
Part of the rationale was simply to provide employment for local people .
The Guedelon site was chosen because it contained all the necessary materials : plentiful oak from the forests , as well as clay and water .
Stone from the quarry had actually been used in the building of real - life medieval chateaux .
' Lacking soul '
The castle 's design is based on a style made popular by French King Philippe - Auguste in the early 13th Century .
An architectural team approves each year 's building plans , after a master mason has sketched details from dozens of contemporary castles .
Again , nothing that is not referenced in equivalent 13th Century buildings is permitted .
" Funnily enough , we found that even though we knew we were being accurate , somehow the castle lacked soul .
So we invented a character - the owner - who would have likes and dislikes , wanting this and not wanting that , " says Ms Preston .
Image caption Metalwork is forged on site in a project aiming for historical accuracy
Seigneur Guilbert is a middle - ranking feudal lord , who has been granted the right to build his castle because he sided with the crown during a baronial rebellion in 1226 .
The rebellion - at the accession of the 12 - year - old Louis IX ( later Saint Louis ) - did actually take place , and was suppressed by his mother Blanche de Castile .
In the annals of Guedelon , construction started in 1228 .
Each year that passes is a year in historical time too , so we are now in 1240 .
Completion is due around 1253 - or 2023 in today 's calendar .
What happens when the castle is finally finished , no - one is really sure .
One option is to start extending .
" Remember , medieval castles were often works in progress .
In the 15th Century they might have added new bits with different architectural styles , and then again and again , " says Preston .
" So we could keep going for ever . "
Photo and caption : U.S. Department of the InteriorIt ’s a classic Washington paint job : new name , new leader , new promises about tossing bad apples .
And so Minerals Management Services , the Interior Department agency that ’s become the poster child of government corruption and ineptitude has been disappeared .
We now have the Bureau of Ocean Energy ( BOE ) , with a fresh director — Michael Bromwich , a former inspector general in the Justice Department — and the promise of an internal investigative unit , a kind of “ SWAT team ” that would swing into action whenever corruption comes calling .
But who , pray tell , will investigate the investigative unit ?
We do n’t do cozy :
In his first week on the job , Bromwich endured the ritual Fed head baptism –a congressional hearing — and he used the occasion to reassure senators that MMS employees who wet their beaks in pools of Big Oil largesse have been sidelined .
He also gave the evil eye to cozy relationships .
I hope and I think it is not pervasive across the agency .
I hope it is limited to pockets of personnel , some of which are already gone , and the rest of which , if I have my say , will be gone soon .
So there will be zero tolerance for corruption , coziness , et cetera .
It ’s a twofer ! :
Not surprisingly , Congress is all over revamping the BOE and getting tougher on off - shore drilling .
“ Spill bills ” are picking up steam in the Senate and the House and they have enough bipartisan support that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) is seriously considering tying whatever climate legislation comes out of the Senate to one of them .
As Coral Davenport and Darren Samuelsohn write in Politico :
The gamble : yoking a bipartisan , fast - track measure to overhaul offshore drilling rules with a broad , contentious bill capping greenhouse gas emissions that otherwise would have almost no chance of passage on its own .
The rig is up : Despite the recent action , the stink of the MMS legacy lingers .
Interior Department chief Ken Salazar , back on Capitol Hill again , acknowledged that the agency formerly known as MMS was grossly understaffed when it came to people who could actually inspect oil rigs : 62 inspectors for almost 4,000 oil operations .
Bad odds for sensitive ecosystems like the Gulf of Mexico .
Wear sunscreen , okay ?
Over in the House , members heard that not only were safety guidelines for oil rig workers voluntary , they had been drawn up in collaboration with the American Petroleum Institute .
Greenwire ’s Elana Schor had that story .
They got the fail part right : Meanwhile , the New York Times revealed that the MMS gave its blessing to blowout preventers on deepwater rigs being the ultimate failsafe devices .
That major oops , according to the reporting team of David Barstow , Laura Dodd , James Glanz , Stephanie Saul , and Ian Urbina , gave government leaders , including Barack Obama , a false sense of security .
It also shows that the Obama administration failed to grapple with either the well - known weaknesses of blowout preventers or the sufficiency of the nation ’s drilling regulations even as it made plans this spring to expand offshore oil exploration .
The pelicans will get the rest :
And finally , a report from Neil King , Jr. and Keith Johnson , writing for the Wall Street Journal , that computer models provided to oil companies by the MMS greatly underestimated the threat of even large oil spills to Gulf marshes and beaches .
The government models , which oil companies are required to use but have not been updated since 2004 , assumed that most of the oil would rapidly evaporate or get broken up by waves or weather .
In the weeks since the Deepwater Horizon caught fire and sank , real life has proven these models , prepared by the Interior Department ’s Mineral Management Service , wrong .
Say it ai n’t so .
Students at the Rochester Institute of Technology created an open , free video chat program for deaf students to use with their One Laptop Per Child computer : " A paper on OVC 's development will be presented to an audience of representatives from all around the world .
OVC is also being demonstrated at a conference table throughout the event . "
Open Video Chat Unveiled at NTID Technology Symposium
( Thanks , Stephen ! )
Next - Generation Automation
Automator returns in Leopard , even more powerful and easier - to - use .
It 's streamlined interface and new abilities , define the next generation of automation in Mac OS X .
Automator is simple .
Anyone can use Automator .
Creating automated workflows is a simple drag - and - drop process of visually selecting and connecting the individual actions you want the computer to do for you - there 's absolutely no code to write .
Click the Run button and Automator goes to work .
And you can be a hero to your friends by sharing your favorite Automator workflows with them !
With Automator you can automate just about everything you do with your computer .
Create and print a family directory with the contacts in your Address Book .
Find and add images from your favorite websites to iPhoto .
Print your Keynote business presentations to your iPod Photo .
Perform scheduled backups of important files .
There 's no limit to what you can do .
Add more actions and you can do even more .
Automator is powerful .
Automator can do in seconds and minutes what would take you hours to do by hand .
Automator gives you direct access and control of the powerful Mac OS X frameworks like Core Image , Core Data , Core Audio and Core Video , to process hundreds of images , or folders and folders of files .
In addition , Automator moves information seamlessly between the Mac OS X applications you use every day to organize your life , like Finder , Mail , Address Book , and iCal .
Even the iLife applications iPhoto , iTunes , and iDVD , can be included in your workflows .
When you have to tackle complex or repetitive tasks , Automator is the right tool for the job .
Oil from BP ’s Gulf of Mexico spill could reach the Atlantic coast in the coming months , according to a new computer simulation .
The model indicates that oil at the surface is likely to be picked up by a fast - moving stream of water in the Gulf known as the Loop Current , which feeds into the Gulf Stream current that carries water northward along the Atlantic coastline .
“ I ’ve had a lot of people ask me , ‘ Will the oil reach Florida ? ' ”
Synte Peacock , who worked on the model at the National Center for Atmospheric Research , said in a press release today .
“ Actually , our best knowledge says the scope of this environmental disaster is likely to reach far beyond Florida , with impacts that have yet to be understood . ”
It is impossible to accurately predict precisely what will happen to the oil because it will depend on the ever - changing Loop Current and regional weather patterns .
But the model , which is based on typical wind and current patterns for the area , can provide a range of possibilities .
Six different scenarios — one is shown in the video above — were run through the computer simulation .
In all of them , the oil eventually gets entrained into the Gulf Stream and reaches the Atlantic coast , traveling north at speeds up to 100 miles a day as far north as Cape Hatteras , North Carolina , before heading east into the open ocean .
The main differences between the scenarios are in the timing of the oil ’s movement .
“ We have been asked if and when remnants of the spill could reach the European coastlines , ” team member Martin Visbeck of the Leibniz Institute of Marine Sciences at Kiel University in Germany said in the press release .
“ Our assumption is that the enormous lateral mixing in the ocean together with the biological disintegration of the oil should reduce the pollution to levels below harmful concentrations .
But we would like to have this backed up by numbers from some of the best ocean models . ”
The NCAR - led simulation was performed on supercomputers based at the New Mexico Computer Applications Center and Oak Ridge National Laboratory .
The scientists caution that the study , which has yet to be peer - reviewed and published , is not a forecast and is based on movement of a virtual dye that does n’t resemble oil in some ways .
The study also does n’t take into account factors such as chemical breakdown and degradation of the oil or whether the oil will remain as a slick on the surface , coagulate or mix into the subsurface .
The team is working on extending the model further into the future .
Read more background on the study at the New York Times ‘
Dot Earth blog , in the full press release , and at the DOE .
All six modeling scenarios can be found here .
Video :
The animation is based on a computer model simulation , using a virtual dye , that assumes weather and current conditions similar to those that occur in a typical year .
It is one of a set of six scenarios released today that simulate possible pathways the oil might take under a variety of oceanic conditions .
Each of the six scenarios shows the same overall movement of oil through the Gulf to the Atlantic and up the East Coast .
However , the timing and fine - scale details differ , depending on the details of the ocean currents in the Gulf .
( Visualization by Tim Scheitlin and Rick Brownrigg , NCAR ; based on model simulations . )
See Also :
This NASA image shows the Aurora Australis observed from the International Space Station on May 29 , 2010 .
This photo was taken during a geomagnetic storm that was most likely caused by a coronal mass ejection from the Sun on May 24 , 2010 .
The ISS was located over the Southern Indian Ocean at an altitude of 350 kilometres ( 220 miles ) , with the astronaut observer most likely looking towards Antarctica ( not visible ) and the South Pole .
The aurora has a sinuous ribbon shape that separates into discrete spots near the lower right corner of the image .
While the dominant colouration of the aurora is green , there are faint suggestions of red left of image centre .
Dense cloud cover is dimly visible below the aurora .
The curvature of the Earth 's horizon is clearly visible , as is the faint blue line of the upper atmosphere directly above it .
Several stars appear as bright pinpoints against the blackness of space at image top right
Credit : NASA / AFP
An expansive EU project to produce an artificial cornea has found success thanks to the work of Joachim Storsberg of the Fraunhofer Institute for Applied Polymer Research IAP in Germany .
Storsberg helped develop a new version of an opthalmological polymer which the eye will bond to and still allow to function properly .
The new polymer could help restore sight to thousands waiting for corneal transplants around the world .
The artificial cornea has passed clinical trials and is ready to see expanded use in patients this year .
Very soon those with corneal blindness may find a ready cure in the form of the new implant .
Corneal blindness affects millions around the world .
According to the WHO , about 5 million cases of blindness in the world ( as of 2001 ) were a result of corneal damage or dystrophy .
We ’ve seen several high - tech approaches to fighting corneal blindness including the application of embryonic stem cells to generate new tissue .
For most of those affected around the world , however , corneal transplants represent the surest and most accessible treatment for their condition .
A readily accessible , easily made artificial cornea is a huge boon to corneal transplants .
More than one hundred thousand patients wait for corneal transplants each year ( ~40 k in EU , another 40 k in the US , and many more around the world ) .
While such transplants are fairly routine and regularly successful operations , they require the donation of the tissue from another human being , almost always someone recently deceased .
The artificial cornea not only eases the pressure on finding enough donors for recipient needs , it also provides the opportunity for hospitals to increase the speed and availability of such treatments .
Ideally , no one will ever have to go without a new cornea ever again .
In order to work in the human body , an artificial cornea has to meet some rather stringent requirements .
First , it has to bond to the human eye around its edge , but stay unclouded by cells in its center .
To that end , Storsberg took a widely used opthalmological polymer ( found often in intraocular lenses ) and adapted it with other special polymers around the edges .
Combined with the application of a growth factor protein , the modified edge promoted cell growth around the periphery of the implant and secured it in place using the body ’s own cells .
The center of the artificial cornea , however , does not promote cell growth and remains clear so that it can be seen through .
The artificial cornea also has to move freely with the eyelid and balance moisture on its faces .
The polymer Storsberg chose is hydrophobic , allowing tears to lubricate the surface and provide the correct moisture on both of its sides .
Storsberg ’s work was part of a larger EU funded endeavor , the Artificial Cornea Project , which sought to create a non-human based replacement for damaged corneas .
The Artificial Cornea Project took three years , and the work of many collaborators around the continent , to produce the new implant .
Miro GMBH handled the actual production of the material .
Animal trials in pigs and rabbits were successful and lead to the first human uses in 2009 .
Those early human cases showed enough success to get EU approval for the device and the artificial cornea is expected to see its first widespread use sometime in 2010 .
That ’s very exciting news .
This project has not only succeeded , but the fruits of its labor are about to be ( readily ? ) available to patients throughout the EU very soon .
A non-degrading piece of plastic permanently grown into your eye does not sound like the most elegant solution to the problem of corneal blindness , especially when regeneration of tissue through stem cells is on the horizon .
But the artificial cornea is a solution which is ( almost ) available NOW .
That ’s immensely important .
As with so many other current endeavors in medicine , curing blindness is likely to see a staged series of solutions using various emergent technologies .
Artificial materials and implants in the near term , autologous stem cells in the far term , and DNA based solutions in the very far term .
We need all of these solutions to help transition into a time when blindness is no more of medical hurdle than a broken bone .
I wish nothing but the best of luck to Storsberg and the rest of the large team from the Artificiail Cornea Project .
With their help I think we are continuing our journey towards an age when medicine can regenerate or replace absolutely any part of your body .
Check off “ building new eyes ” on the list of requirements for immortality .
[ image credits : Artificial Cornea Project , Fraunhofter / Dirk Mahler ]
[ source : Fraunhofer Press Release , Artificial Cornea Project , National Institute of Health ]
Today ’s idea : Feminism gets in the way of the study of men , some scholars say — hence the new Male Studies Foundation , which sets the subject apart from feminist theory .
Education |
The academic gender wars got a bit more spirited last week , Inside Higher Ed reports , with the creation of the above - named interdisciplinary effort , announced at a conference at Wagner College on Staten Island , to study malehood in all its power and powerlessness .
Quote :
Everett Collection
Lionel Tiger , a professor of anthropology at Rutgers University , said the field takes its cues “ from the notion that male and female organisms really are different ” and the “ enormous relation between … a person ’s biology and their behavior ” that ’s not being addressed in most contemporary scholarship on men and boys .
“ I am concerned that male - averse attitudes are widespread in the United States and that masculinity is becoming politically incorrect , ” said Christina Hoff Sommers , a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and author of “ The War Against Boys : How Misguided Feminism Is Harming Our Young Men . ”
The culprit , said Dr. Tiger , is feminism : “ a well - meaning , highly successful , very colorful denigration of maleness as a force , as a phenomenon . ”
But Robert Heasley , president of the nearly two - decade - old American Men ’s Studies Association , who steered clear of the event , said the “ new ” discipline is n’t really new : “ Their argument is that they ’re inventing something that I think already exists . ”
“ It ’s kind of a Glenn Beck approach , ” he added .
Let the fun begin .
[ Inside Higher Ed , Forbes Work in Progress , National Post , Foundation for Male Studies Facebook page ]
More Recommended Reading :
( CNN ) -- Exposure to the oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico has resulted in 162 cases of illnesses reported to the Louisiana state health department , according to a report released Monday .
Of those cases , 128 involved workers on oil rigs or individuals involved in the oil spill cleanup efforts , the report said .
Among the most common reported symptoms were throat irritation , shortness of breath , cough , eye irritation , nausea and headaches , according to the department 's oil spill surveillance report .
The weekly report gathers data from a surveillance network of doctors , clinics , emergency care locations and medical facilities .
According to the most recent report , since the beginning of the oil spill , of the workers who reported illnesses , 120 were male and eight were female .
Of the general public affected , nine were male and 25 were female .
Most of those who reported symptoms were between the ages of 18 and 64 , the report said .
There were six illnesses reported the week of June 20 , a sharp decrease from a high of 38 reported illnesses the first week of June , the report said .
Several of the workers who fell ill reportedly had been exposed to fumes from the dispersants being deployed in the Gulf , the report said .
Most of those affected worked on the cleanup efforts in some way .
Twenty - three of those with symptoms worked on an oil rig , the report said .
Most workers went to an emergency room or an urgent care center when they developed symptoms .
At least 21 people were briefly hospitalized .
In a related development , Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals Secretary Alan Levine asked Monday that BP pay $ 10 million to fund six months of mental health services to people affected by the spill .
" There exists anger , anxiety and uncertainty among the families and communities affected by the spill , which will easily manifest into addiction and various forms of mental health crisis if not confronted , " he said in a letter to BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles .
Teams have counseled almost 2,000 people in affected areas , and are reporting increases in anxiety , depression , stress , grief , excessive drinking , earlier drinking and suicidal ideation , he said .
" These are early warning signs of developing substance abuse and dependence , mental illness , suicide and familial breakdown including divorce , spouse abuse and child abuse and neglect . "
In a separate request , Catholic Charities is seeking $ 3.2 million for six months of mental health services , he said in the letter , which asked Suttles to respond within a week .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
“ Gaza ” is an abstraction to most Israelis , including [ partisans of Israel like ] Sen. Charles Schumer of New York .
A majority of the 1.5 million Gazans is not even from Gaza , but rather is from what is now Israel .
Americans do not know , and perhaps do not care , that 68 % of Gazans are refugees living in 8 refugee camps , who were ethnically cleansed and violently expelled from their homes in 1947 - 48 , in what is now Israel .
And no , they were not combatants , just civilians caught up in a civil war of sorts .
They lost massive amounts of property and their homes , which would now be worth billions , but have never received a dime from the Israelis in reparations or compensation .
Then in winter of 2008 - 2009 , the Israeli military destroyed one in every eight Palestinian homes , rendering even more people homeless .
Schumer accuses the Gazans of not ‘ recognizing ’ Israel , which is sort of like accusing the pelicans in the Gulf of Mexico of not ‘ recognizing ’ BP .
If Schumer wants the recognition and good will of the Gazans , he should arrange for them to be paid for the homes and farms out of which they were chased by the Israelis , who made them homeless refugees in a kind of vast concentration camp in Gaza , and are now half - starving them .
Think Progress reveals that Schumer told an Orthodox audience :
‘ SCHUMER : The Palestinian people still do n’t believe in the Jewish state , in a two - state solution .
More do than before , but a majority still do not .
Their fundamental view is , the Europeans treated the Jews badly and gave them our land — this is Palestinian thinking [ … ]
They do n’t believe in the Torah , in David [ … ]
You have to force them to say Israel is here to stay .
The boycott of Gaza to me has another purpose — obviously the first purpose is to prevent Hamas from getting weapons by which they will use to hurt Israel — but the second is actually to show the Palestinians that when there ’s some moderation and cooperation , they can have an economic advancement .
When there ’s total war against Israel , which Hamas wages , they ’re going to get nowhere .
And to me , since the Palestinians in Gaza elected Hamas , while certainly there should be humanitarian aid and people not starving to death , to strangle them economically until they see that ’s not the way to go , makes sense .
So anything short of ‘ starving to death ’ , i.e. mass extermination in the camps , is all right as long as it convinces the enemy ?
How about something short of starving to death , such as 10 % of children being stunted from malnutrition ?
Would that be worth it ?
Or a majority of Gazans being ‘ food insecure ’ according to the United Nations ? [ pdf ] .
Both are the current situation , which is supported by Schumer .
How about Gaza children Looking for food in garbage ?
Some 56 % of Gazans are children , who hardly voted for Hamas but whom Schumer wishes to punish economically .
Meanwhile , Schumer does n’t recognize a Palestinian state , but he nevertheless gets three solid meals a day .
Sen . Charles Schumer at crumpets and tea
As Think Progress explained , nothing Schumer said is true .
A majority of Palestinians favors a two - state solution .
Moreover , Palestinians are Christians and Muslims , who do in fact acknowledge the Torah ( the Hebrew Bible , which the Qur’an praises as full of guidance and light ) and David ( whom the Qur’an calls “ Da’ud . ” )
Schumer is shamelessly ignorant about Palestinian culture , but it is true that they do not draw from David ’s existence or from the Qur ’an ’s praise of the Torah or Bible the same conclusion as contemporary political Zionists or Jewish nationalists , that Jews have a right to expel local people from Palestine and usurp their property without compensation .
But then virtually no Jews drew such a conclusion in the United States until after World War II , and most diaspora Jews rejected such an idea until that era .
As for the idea that all Gazans , including children , should be economically punished until they agree with Schumer ’s Zionism , there is only one way that makes sense .
Since the children of Gaza did not vote for Hamas , if they are being punished for Hamas ’s crimes , then it must be because they are related to Hamas members .
Punishing people because they are related to enemies of the state is called in German Sippenhaft or Sippenhaftung .
Look it up .
I do n’t usually like such analogies from the 1930s and 1940s in Europe to contemporary Zionist thinking because they inevitably offend even a sympathetic Jewish audience .
But it should be noted that Sippenhaftung was implemented against gentile German family members of dissidents such as those involved in the plot to assassinate Hitler , and that Stalin also deployed the tactic of punishing relatives of perceived dissidents .
And there is no other way to read Schumer ’s prescription for putting Gazan children on a diet than as a contemporary form of Sippenhaftung .
And it is shameful , and he deserves the comparison for these inhumane sentiments .
Here is the video of Schumer saying what he said :
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
A special education teacher will undoubtedly have a class filled with children that come to school with varied disabling conditions , temperaments , skills and abilities .
Some students will arrive with emotional / behavioral disorders that may or may not have been yet diagnosed .
Others may have physical or heath impairments that require specialized equipment .
As broad as they are , the teacher needs to be aware of the definitions and characteristics of disabling conditions .
Additionally , the teacher must have in his or her tool box strategies for creating and maintaining a classroom where expectations are high , motivation to learn is fostered and every child is embraced and accepted for who he or she is .
The teacher should be ready to meet the child where he or she is and guide that student to a new more skilled and independent place .
Physical / Health Impaired
Heward ( 2009 ) asserts a student served by special education in a public school system due to the Individuals with Disability in Education Act ( IDEA ) categorized as health impaired , or as having a severe orthopedic impairment is one that :
Adversely affects a child ’s educational performance .
The term includes impairments caused by a congenital anomaly ( e.g. clubfoot , absence of some member , etc. ) impairments caused by disease ( e.g.. , poliomyelitis , bone tuberculosis ) , and impairments from other causes ( e.g. , cerebral palsy , amputations , and fractures or burns that cause contractures ( p.407 ) .
Orthopedic impairments include neuromotor impairments that involve the central nervous system ( CNS ) .
Impairment in the CNS may manifest itself by causing one to move , use , feel or control certain parts of the body in a diminished way or non functional way .
IDEA also recognizes other health impairments as having :
limited strength , vitality , or alertness , including a heightened alertness to environmental stimuli , that results in limited alertness with respect to the educational environment , that —
i ) . is due to chronic or acute health problems such as asthma .
Attentions deficit disorder or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , diabetes , epilepsy , a heart condition , hemophilia , lead poisoning , leukemia , nephritis , rheumatic fever , sickle cell anemia , and tourette syndrome : and
( ii ) Adversely affects academic performance ( p. 408 ) .
Conditions that adversely affect the educational performance of the child are the defining qualifying characteristics for special education services .
The student must require specially designed instruction in order to develop the skills and abilities required to learn .
Characteristics
Characteristics of physical disabilities and health impairments are impossible to describe as a grouping , as they are immensely varied in description .
Heward ( 2009 ) depicts in general terms the categories of mild , moderate or severe with some intellectual function being impaired and with others not .
Many children may have more than one disabling condition requiring physical , occupational or speech therapy , or a combination of these and / or others for help in access or communication during school .
Emotional Behavioral Disorder
Anderman & Anderman ( 2009 ) claims that attempting to define emotional behavioral disorder ( EBD ) is difficult at best and the “ federal definition is seriously flawed ” ( p.361 ) .
Attempting to distinguish between whether the condition is an emotional disturbance or a behavioral disorder is impossible .
Agreement does appear to be consistent that all definitions include the following commonalities : ( 1 ) extreme behavior ( not just slightly different from the usual ) , ( 2 ) a chronic problem ( constant and on - going , which does not resolve quickly ) and ( 3 ) violation of social or cultural expectations .
Furthermore , much controversy surrounds the definition as IDEA does not allow for students who are socially maladjusted , but not considered emotionally disturbed .
The problem seems to lie in the concept that a judgment is being placed on the student or the family as to why the student is maladjusted and not just that he or she is incapable of being socially appropriate at school .
Characteristics of Emotional Behavioral Disorders
Children with emotional / behavioral disorders may have externalizing or internalizing problems around behavior .
A child with externalizing difficulties will act out more often frequently exhibiting anti social behaviors .
Those with internalizing behaviors may be more withdrawn , lack adequate social skills and not be able to appropriately interact with peers and others .
As students , the child with EBD will generally will have a below average IQ and perform below grade level .
Also , these students will have a greater risk of having a learning disability and have a difficult time getting and keeping friends .
About one third of students with EBD will become delinquent and be arrested during their school years ( Heward , 2009 ) .
Teaching Toolbox Strategies for Success
The following matrix is for use by the beginning special educator to assist in developing a classroom that is conducive to optimum learning , or either students who exhibit physical or health impairments or emotional behavioral disorders .
Effective Teaching Strategies
Emotional / Behavioral Disordered Students
Strategy for Skill Deficits Definition of Strategy
Identify Learning Strengths
Learning strengths are the set of skills or attributes that each individual has and can be used in the development of instructional programming ( Wheeler & Richey , 2010 ) .
Identify response formats previously tried Response formats are instructional methods that have been tried .
It is important to know which ones have been successful in the past to help the student be successful ( Wheeler & Richey , 2010 ) .
What is the cognitive level of the learner ?
The cognitive level of the learner is the intellectual ability the learner has and is imperative when determining the students ’ academic program .
Cognition also many times affects language and communication ( Wheeler & Richey , 2010 ) .
Curriculum Design Strategies
Task Design
Tasks must be relevant to the student
Tasks must be modified to coincide with the learners ability ( cognitive , motoric and developmental level )
Tasks must include an element of choosing to involve / empower the learner
Tasks must be designed to be completed in an appropriate length of time for the student
Tasks over the course of the day need to be varied and have some flexibility
Tasks should be posted on a classroom schedule or the students personal daily calendar ( Heward , 2009 )
Task Presentation
Teacher must give clear and consistent clues especially when teaching a new task .
They should be brief , clear and direct .
Teacher should use verbal , gesture , picture or physical cues when appropriate for each student .
Cues should also be embedded within the task .
Systematic instruction teaches in a stepwise or building block manner .
Prompt hierarchies ( independent , verbal , gestural , physical prompting )
Use of naturally occurring reinforcers , ( i.e. Free time with choice of activity ) as reward for work completion
( Wheeler & Richey , 2010 ) .
Teacher Praise
Give many opportunities to respond during instruction
Use direct instruction for introducing new material ( Heward , 2009 )
Shaping Reinforcing the skill by continually and successively reducing assistance
Contingency contracting
The teacher makes clear what will happen ’ if . ’
If you do this , this will happen .
Expectations must be clear and followed through with at all times .
Extinction
The teacher stops reinforcing something he or she has been reinforcing .
Differential Reinforcement Giving praise or reinforcement when the student is on task at an unexpected time
Differential reinforcement of incompatible behavior Giving the student something to occupy his / herself during a time when misconduct usually occurs .
Response cost Requires the loss of something the student desires as in a penalty or fine .
The student looses recess for refusing to do work .
Token economy or level system Student works for a reinforcer that can be exchanged for a preferred object or activity
Behavioral ; expectations are stated A simple list of classroom rules
Behavioral expectations are defined and taught Taught to ALL students in the building .
The general rule is presented and the rationale for the rule is given using positive examples .
These are modeled and practiced routinely .
Appropriate behaviors are acknowledged
This is done either formally ( tickets , rewards ) or informally social events .
4 positives to 1 negative interaction between adults and students are acceptable .
Behavioral errors are corrected proactively Clear procedures previously taught and agreed upon are enforced .
Program evaluations and adaptations are data driven and made by a team Data keeping should be simple but effective .
Included for school wide assessment should be incident reports , attendance rates , and tardiness , detention , and suspension rates .
Individual student support systems are integrated with school - wide discipline systems ( Heward , 2009 ) Used for secondary and tertiary prevention for at risk or students who require a more restrictive environment
Self Monitoring
Specify the target behavior Choose target behavior with the student .
Begin with one that is most easily attainable
Gather materials Keep it simple .
Paper and pencil recording using a + or – system works in most cases
Supplement materials Sometimes a visual reminder will give the student prompts and help him / her be more successful .
Give direct instruction
The teacher must take the time to teach the system to the students and model the components of the system .
Reinforce accurate self - monitoring
The teacher must pay attention to ensure the student is correctly self - monitoring
Reward improvements
Highly preferred rewards can be given to motivate the student to continue to self motivate .
Encourage self - evaluation Give encouragement and keep the reinforcers positive
Evaluate the program
It the program is not working , look at the data and determine and alternative approach .
Strategies for motivational deficits
Identify the preferred activities / objects of the learner
The preferred object or activities are those things that give the students joy enough that he or she will be willing to produces or comply in order to engage in or with ( Wheeler & Richey , 2010 ) .
Interspersed requesting
Within the task are simplified problems the student has mastered so the student will feel successful as he or she completes new material .
Environmental Modifications
Assistive Technology
Work with the OT or assistive technology expert in the district to have in place and AT devices the student may require .
Make sure there is ample room for the device(s ) and that they are operational before class starts .
Furniture and classroom equipment placement
Place desks , computer tables , health equipment must be placed for greatest student access and so the student feels a part of the class not segregated from classmates .
Ensure the student has access to classroom modalities like the other students , i.e. sink and water access , art supplies .
Allow modifications for class participation and work completion .
Conclusion
Understanding the complexities of special children who arrive at school with physically or emotionally disabling conditions is crucial for the special educator .
Whether the nature of the disability is mild , moderate or severe , the teacher is bound to have some modifications or adjustments to make in order for the student to reap optimum benefit from what is being taught on any given day .
Strategies for classroom management and organization , as well as individual curriculum modifications are essential for all special education teachers .
Congressman Steve King ( R ) of Iowa has defended his position against the Employment Non Discrimination
Act by saying that " If you do n’t project it , if you do n’t advertise it , how would anyone know to discriminate against you ? "
The entire segment about this can be seen in the video below .
Essentially Representative King is saying that gays who " flaunt " it are bringing discrimination upon themselves , and that it 's their fault .
This philosophy breeds a closeted environment , and one in which only cisgender and " straight acting " individuals are safe at their workplace .
Congressman King has been no stranger to controversial remarks about the LGBT community and others .
It was only a year ago that he warned that gay marriage will lead to socialism .
Congressman King can be contacted below :
1131 Longworth Office Building
Washington , DC 20515
Phone : 202.225.4426
E -contact form .
Twitter
optimized for tablets and sleek netbook form factors .
But even Intel knows that while Tablet PCs are hot , they are n't everything .
The notebook sector as a whole is continuing to boom , but one thing is clear : consumers want more power in less space , with style and design becoming more important than ever before .
To address these issues , Intel has revealed their " Canoe Lake " platform , which is highlighted by a "
futuristic dual - core netbook measuring in at 14 millimeters thick – the world 's thinnest netboo
k . "
Just 14 mm thin , " Canoe Lake " supports both " Pine Trail " single - core and dual - core Atom - based netbooks .
Just 14 mm thin , " Canoe Lake " supports both " Pine Trail " single - core and dual - core Atom - based netbooks .
up to a 50 percent reduction in average power consumption with full HD - video playback . "
And while the tablet market is quickly locking down partners with existing hardware designs , there 's bound to be a second wave of interest in half a year or so when the second - generation devices begin to land .
Beyond that , no real time tables were given for this stuff , though we all know it can't come soon enough .
Dell 's Adamo XPS managed to slim down to 9.99 mm ; imagine how much thinner we could get with Oak Trail .
Computex : Ambitious Intel® Atom™ Processor Plans , Products Outlined
NEWS HIGHLIGHTS
* Intel highlighted new product plans for Intel® Atom™ processor family : " Pine Trail " mobile dual - core and " Oak Trail " processors optimized for tablets and sleek netbook form factors .
* Disclosed razor - thin " Canoe Lake " innovation platform – a futuristic dual - core netbook measuring in at 14 millimeters – the world 's thinnest netbook .
* Demonstrated cross -device experiences based on Intel 's unique ' port of choice ' software strategy including Windows * , MeeGo * and Google operating systems .
* Outlined expansion : Future System on a Chip ( SoC ) Intel® Atom™ processors scale to deliver PC - like computing platforms for cars , smartphones , handhelds , TVs , tablets , on a choice of software .
COMPUTEX , Taipei , June 1 , 2010 – At Computex today , Intel Corporation unveiled new products and features based on its low - power Intel® Atom™ processor family , including plans to further differentiate the popular netbook category and expand into several new market segments beyond its growing PC , laptop and server businesses .
In the past 45 days , Intel and its Intel® Atom™ processor has entered a variety of markets beyond the more than 50 million Intel - based netbooks sold in the past 2 years .
Intel announced a processor and MeeGo * software win with Chinese carmaker HawTai Automobile for a future in - vehicle - infotainment platform ; a greater than 50 - times lower platform idle power reduction with Intel 's next generation Intel® Atom™ processor platform for handheld devices including smartphones ; and a collaboration with Google* , Sony * and Logitech * to deliver a new Smart TVs experience powered by Intel Atom™ processors and running Android * - based Google TV * .
Intel recently unveiled the future Intel® Atom™ processor - based System on Chip ( SoC ) , codenamed " Tunnel Creek " that , for the first time , will allow other companies to connect their own custom silicon to Intel 's SoC product .
The Intel® Atom™ processor also powers the Intel® Reader , and the company has received more than 3,000 non-PC design inquiries – most new - to - Intel potential customers – ranging from fish finders to golf carts .
During his keynote , David ( Dadi ) Perlmutter , executive vice president and co-general manager , Intel Architecture Group , touched on these and other Intel efforts , which included showing off the world 's thinnest netbook running on the upcoming mobile dual - core , codenamed " Pine Trail . "
At just 14 mm , the razor - thin codenamed " Canoe Lake " innovation platform runs cooler and is 50 percent thinner than any other netbook consumers can find on the market today .
In addition , Perlmutter showed a range of other Intel® Atom™ processor - based devices spanning energy efficient blade servers , retailing systems , presentation projectors and multiple tablets .
" Intel believes the strength of the Intel® Atom™ franchise can help consumers realize the true potential for a common experience to enable the compute continuum , " said Perlmutter .
" With platforms ranging from compact and portable netbooks , to Smart TV experiences and innovative tablets designs , Intel® architecture is driving innovative products based on a unique ' port of choice ' software strategy . "
Keynote Highlights
Citing a million PCs sold a day1 , Perlmutter also highlighted the momentum around the all new 2010 Intel® Core™ processor family , including Intel® Wireless Display and an overview of next - generation Intel® Core™ processors using the Intel microarchitecture codenamed " Sandy Bridge , " targeted to be in production late 2010 .
Renee James , senior vice president and general manager of the Software and Services Group at Intel , joined Perlmutter onstage to discuss how software – and software choice – will help drive Intel 's vision for the Intel® Atom™ processor and a cross - device experience .
This provides consumers consistency and accessibility to their content on a choice of computers and PC - like devices .
James also announced that Asus will be the first OEM to ship a pre-installed , customized Intel AppUp™ client called " asus app store " on netbooks this fall , beginning with Windows and following with MeeGo * - based systems .
Acer CEO Gianfranco Lanci discussed with Perlmutter how future Intel® Atom™ processor - based netbooks and tablets from Acer , running the MeeGo * software platform , will foster an open ecosystem of innovation .
" Acer will be ready with MeeGo - based mobile devices , " said Lanci .
" MeeGo's open software platform will present our customers with another choice of a friendly , easy - to - use operating system .
We are pleased to collaborate with Intel in our continuous drive to provide effortless technologies that empower people at work , home - anytime , anywhere . "
New Intel® Atom™ Processors on Tap
In production now and on shelves before the winter holiday season , mobile dual - core Intel® Atom™ processors will deliver a noticeably snappier , more responsive consumer experience in the same compact form factors , and with the same great battery life .
Intel® Atom™ processors N455 and N475 with DDR3 support for netbooks are available today and D525 and D425 for entry - level desktop PCs are expected to be available on June 21 .
Available to customers in early 2011 , is our upcoming SoC Intel® Atom™ processor–based platform , codenamed " Oak Trail " , optimized for sleek tablet and netbook designs , delivering up to a 50 percent reduction in average power consumption with full HD - video playback and targeting software choice including MeeGo* , Windows * 7 and Google operating systems .
It just would n't be a proper Computex show without Intel , and now that the event is celebrating its 30th year , Intel is celebrating alongside of it with a bunch of new details surrounding their future product pipelines .
The company took the wraps off of a few new chips , with highlights including a revised Atom family that comprises dual - core Pine Trail CPUs as well as " Oak Trail " processors that areMoving on , the company also announced broad industry support for the new MeeGo OS , with partners like Acer announcing plans to eventually ship products with the operating system installed .
As for those " Oak Trail " CPUs , they 'll be made available to consumers in early 2011 , which means that a bunch of new machines based on the new hardware should make themselves known at the next CES in Las Vegas .
Intel says that this platform will deliver "
You ca n’t celebrate the awesomeness of concept art without paying special tribute to Star Wars .
Ralph McQuarrie ’s paintings for the original trilogy inspired every concept artist today , and the prequels and video games ’ art was eye - popping .
Here are our favorites .
Advertisement
The original trilogy
Advertisement
Almost every concept artist we ’ve interviewed this week for io9 ’s concept art week has named Ralph McQuarrie as one of their main influences , and it ’s easy to see why .
From the earliest conceptions of the first Star Wars to the epic tableaux he created for Empire Strikes Back and Return Of The Jedi , McQuarrie brought an epic feeling to the series using the greatest special effect of them all : his imagination .
And here ’s some amazing art from the book From Star Wars to Indiana Jones :
Looking at some of the creature design from the original Star Wars , you can see how creatures like Yoda went through a lot of stages of development , before becoming the wise elf we all love today .
Some of the early conceptions of Yoda look frankly a bit dorky , but it just makes you appreciate what we ended up with .
Here ’s some concept art from the book Star Wars : Aliens and Creatures :
Advertisement
The prequels
Advertisement
A whole new generation of artists came to Star Wars for the prequel trilogy , imagining everything from a new kind of Sith to the creation of the Death Star .
There are star cruisers , fighters , epic space battles , attack droids and clone troopers .
A whole new kind of war among the stars came to life in the hands of artists like Ryan Church , Warren Fu , Iain McCaig and many , many others .
The video games
Advertisement
Star Wars :
The Force Unleashed and other video games have revitalized our love of Star Wars once again , making us see how much life and excitement remain in the galaxy far , far away .
Force lightning , alien planets , Darth Vader ’s secret sanctum - and most of all , tons and tons of epic battles , all come to life in the concept art for some of LucasArts ’ recent video games .
And here are a few cool bits of concept art from the recent Clone Wars series .
Advertisement
All artwork is copyright Lucasfilm and the individual artists .
Additional reporting by Mary Ratliff and Kelly Faircloth .
" We 've got Novak , we 've got Novaa - ak .
" Our carpets are filthy , we 've got Novak . "
Huddersfield Town supporters show their love for Lee Novak .
" N'Diayeeeee will always love you ! "
Palace fans serenade Alessandro N'Diaye .
" Jo , Jo , Jo , he 's magic , you know . "
Everton fans to the Brazilian forward , to the tune of Magic by Pilot .
" Scott McGleish McGleish ,
" He should be kept on a leash , a leash
" He may be 35 ,
" It 's a wonder he 's still alive ! "
Leyton Orient fans have some advice for their ageing striker .
McGleish has had a hard life
" Your head 's too big for you ! "
Barnsley mascot Toby Tyke gets a ribbing from the Ipswich fans .
" Tun-cay , cay - Huth , Huth , Abdoulaye ! "
Stoke supporters , to the tune of Too Shy by Kajagoogoo .
" Who did you support before ? "
Leeds fans question the football fidelity of the MK Dons support .
" Love , love will tear you apart again ! "
Stenhousemuir supporters to midfielder Robert Love , to the tune of Joy Division 's Love Will Tear Us Apart .
" We 've only got one Song . "
Arsenal fans to Alex Song .
" We 've only got one Tong ! "
FC United fans to centre - half Adam Tong .
" You should have gone to U2 ! "
Arsenal chant to Celtic during Champions League game .
( U2 were playing at Hampden that night ) .
" King Kanu , Kanu ,
" He 's older than me and you ,
" His real age is 62 ,
" King Kanu , Kanu . "
Portsmouth contingent on their evergreen striker .
" Same old Terry , always cheating . "
Blackburn fans after a foul by Chelsea captain John Terry .
" We love Taboubi , We love Taboubi , We love Taboubi on a Saturday night . "
After Hedi Taboubi scored for Wrexham , to the tune of T Rex's We Love To Boogie .
" I 'm your biggest fan , I 'll follow you until you love me , Aqui , Aqui Aquilani . "
Praise from Liverpool fans for Alberto Aquilani ( to the tune of Lady GaGa 's ' Paparazzi ' ) .
" Fergie , Fergie , sign him up ! "
Manchester United fans after David Beckham came on during the Champions League tie with AC Milan .
Beckham - never one for a publicity stunt
Fergie , Fergie , sign him up ! "
Manchester City fans to United rivals after Carlos Tevez scored twice in the League Cup semi-final .
" We 're forever reaching finals , reaching finals in Hamburg .
" We 'll be on the beer while they 'll be stuck here
" Watching EastEnders with their old dear
" We 'll be on the Reeperbahn , they 'll still be in Dagenham
" We 're forever reaching finals , reaching finals in Hamburg ! "
Fulham fans respond to West Ham's ' Bubbles ' chant .
" Does your mummy know you 're here ? "
England supporters voice concern for their Egyptian counterparts at Wembley .
" Boom boom boom , let me hear you say Bale , Ba-le ! "
Spurs salute to Gareth Bale , to the tune of the Outhere Brothers ' song .
" Where were you in Istanbul ? "
Liverpool fans give Michael Owen a warm welcome on his return to Anfield .
" I 've got a park , that 's better than this ,
" I 've got a park that 's better than this ,
" Its got a swing , a tramp and dog mess ,
" I 've got a park that 's better than this ! "
Havant and Waterlooville fans take the mickey out of local rivals Eastleigh 's stadium , to the tune of When The Saints Go Marching In .
" Jose Fonte , baby
" Jose Fonte , wo - oh - oh - oh ! "
Southampton supporters serenade their defender to the tune of the Human League 's Do n't You Want Me .
" U-N - I - T-E - D
" That spells ( flipping ) debt to me ,
" With a knick knack paddywhack , give a dog a bone ,
" Ocean Finance on the phone . "
Man City put the boot into United .
" This is what it 's like to be City ,
" This is what it 's like to be small .
" This is what it 's like to be a team that wins nothing at all . "
Man
Utd fans give some back at Fulham while 3 - 0 down - to the tune of Inspiral Carpets '
This Is How It Feels .
" We are top of the league ! "
After Hull took the lead at Stamford Bridge .
( The dream lasted less than 10 minutes before Chelsea equalised . )
" He plays on the left , he plays centre mi-i-d , Charlie Adam could play for Madrid ! "
Blackpool fans salute their hero at the Scunthorpe game .
Bet they would n't tell him to his face
" You fat Bastareaud ! "
France 's Mathieu Bastareaud gets a warm welcome at the Millennium Stadium in the Six Nations .
" When the City are playing frightful ,
" We 've got our Dutchman so delightful ,
" And even though he 's just on loan ,
" Evander Sno , Evander Sno , Evander Sno ! "
Bristol City supporters to the tune of Let It Snow - about the on -loan Ajax midfield maestro .
" The Unibond , it has no nails ,
" The Unibond it has no nails ,
" And its anti-mould bath sealant
" Is very good , it never fails . "
From the Stand Band at Marine FC of the Unibond Premier League .
To the tune of When The Saints Go Marching in .
" We 've got Morten Gamst Pedersen ; Gamst Pedersen is what we need ! "
A soft rock tribute to the Blackburn midfielder , to the tune of Bon Jovi's Bad Medicine .
" We ca n't see you sneaking out ! "
Colchester United fans to their Southampton counterparts when thick fog descended .
" Oh Big Brede ( Hangeland ) , Whoah big Brede ( Hangeland ) , He jumps so high ( Hangeland ) , You know that 's no lie ( Hangeland ) , He 's so rock steady ( Hangeland ) , When you see him on telly ( Hangeland ) , Oh Big Brede ( Hangeland ) , Whoah big Brede ( Hangelaaaaaand ) . "
Fulham 's tribute to giant Norwegian Brede Hangeland - to the tune of Ram Jam's Black Betty .
" Easter 's better than Christmas ! "
MK Dons fans after Jermaine Easter scored against Stockport on Boxing Day .
" I am a Fleetwood fan ,
" And I come from Fleetwood Town ,
" I know what I want and I know how to get it ,
" I wanna destroy Telford FC ,
" Cause , I wanna be Cod Army . "
Fleetwood Town fans , to the tune of Anarchy in the UK .
" What 's that coming over the hill , is it the taxman , is it the taxman ? ! "
Swansea fans to Cardiff .
" We like Eboue - boue ,
" We like Eboue - boue ,
" We like Eboue - boue ,
" We like E... BOUE ! "
Arsenal salute Emmanuel Eboue to the tune of Reel 2 Real 's I Like To Move It .
" Hands up , baby hands up , show me your six fingers , show me your six fingers ! "
To the tune of Ottowan 's ' Hands Up ' , sung by Blackburn fans to Burnley .
You only sing when you 're ringing
" You 're not ringing anymore ! "
Heard at Arsenal - Portsmouth after Arsenal 's third and fourth goals ( a dig at ' Mr Portsmouth ' and his ever - present hand - bell . )
" No Woodman - No cry . "
At Wycombe v Brighton , when Wycombe took a second - half lead , despite Craig Woodman 's first - half dismissal .
" He 's young , he 's flash , he fills the air with ash .
Sigurdsson , Sigurdsson ! "
Reading 's tribute to their Icelandic midfielder .
" There 's only one Gordon Ramsay . "
Oldham fans to Delia Smith and the Norwich fans .
Celtic fans : " Shall we sing a song for you ? "
Arsenal fans : " Shall we score a goal for you ? "
Heard at the Emirates during the Champions League game .
" Thursday nights , Channel 5 ! "
Manchester United fans in reference to Liverpool having to play in the Europa League .
" You 're not scary any more ! "
Yeovil fans to Millwall .
" Alive , alive - o- oh , Alive , alive - o- oh ,
" Stephen Ireland 's two grannies .
" Alive , alive -o ! "
Sung at France v Ireland in Paris , to the tune of Molly Malone .
Ireland pretended first one granny , then the other was dead to excuse himself for playing for the Republic in 2007 - Ed .
" We hate England more than you ! "
Scottish fans to their Welsh counterparts during the friendly in Cardiff .
" You 'll get the sack in the morning ! "
West Brom fans as QPR 's fifth manager of the season , Neil Warnock , was introduced to the Loftus Road faithful shortly before kick - off in his first match .
" His name is Rio , and he should be in the stands ! "
Section of England support in Ukraine , after Rio Ferdinand made a mistake .
Any excuse to use a picture of the dynamic duo
" Super Luka , nuts are we - we 're all Luka loopy ! "
Spurs supporters salute Luka Modric , to the tune of Chas ' n ' Dave 's Snooker Loopy .
" You only sing karaoke ! "
Scotland fans to Japan supporters in Yokohama .
" Benny is a dancer , skipping past defenders , Benayoun is everywhere ! "
Liverpool fans against Benfica , to the tune of Snap 's Rhythm Is A Dancer .
LOOKALIKES
" There 's only one Michael Jackson , one Michael Jackson .
" There used to be two , but now there 's just you , walking in a Jackson wonderland . "
In honour of the Marine FC midfielder .
" You 're just a fat Robbie Savage ! "
Arsenal fans singing to Andriy Voronin of Liverpool in the Carling Cup .
" The referee 's a Womble ! "
Chant at Berwick Rangers match .
" You 're supposed to be a gnome ! "
At the Port Vale - Lincoln match , to a rather small referee !
" There 's only one Alan Rickman ! "
Wigan fans to Man Utd's Dimitar Berbatov , who they believe resembles Rickman 's Harry Potter character , Professor Snape .
" Go compare ! "
West Ham fans to Rafa Benitez .
" Broady , Broady , the dude looks like a lady . "
Sung by the Aussie fanatics at the Ashes - to the Aerosmith tune of ' Dude Looks Like A Lady ' .
Scharner and his dodgy barnet
" Your Mum is a badger ! "
Spurs supporters to Wigan 's Paul Scharner , with reference to his half - blond , half - black hair .
" Tango , Tango , what 's the score ? "
Arsenal fans to Hull City boss Phil Brown at The Emirates .
" Saw your mum on Jeremy Kyle ... "
West Brom fans to a rowdy Reading fan .
" It 's just like watching The Bill ! "
Worthing supporters during their 2 - 1 win against Metropolitan Police .
" Tina , Tina , give us a wave ! "
Wolves fans take the mickey out of David James ' ' Tina Turner ' afro at Portsmouth .
" You look like a Wotsit ! "
Southampton fans to MK Dons ' flame - haired captain , Dean Lewington .
" Strawberry blond , you 're having a laugh ! "
QPR fans to their former loanee Ben Watson , who shares Lewington 's auburn locks .
STRANGE BUT TRUE
" We are invisible ! "
Barnet fans at a foggy Christie Park , during the 2 - 1 defeat to Morecambe .
Decisions , decisions
" I 'd rather be an egg than a sausage ! "
Chant at Woking FC .
" Sittingbourne , shish kebab , Sittingbourne , shish kebab ! "
Folkestone Invicta fans at the Chatham Town game on Easter Monday .
" We 're blue and white ,
" We 're having pie for tea tonight ,
" Super Steak , Super Steak ! "
Sung by St Johnstone supporters after losing 2 - 1 to Rangers .
" Calderon , Calderon
" Calderon , Calderon ,
" Drinking pints of sherry
" Calderon , Calderon . "
Brighton fans ( to the tune of Let It Be ) serenading Spanish right - back Inigo Calderon , after he scored his first goal in English football .
STADIUM ANNOUNCEMENTS
" Would the owner of the BMW estate , registration XXXXXXX , please return to your car as it has started by itself . "
Stadium announcer at Northampton v Wasps .
" Do n't be fooled by the sunshine , it 'll be snowing in 20 minutes . "
PA announcer at Oldham welcoming Hartlepool fans to Boundary Park .
" And tonight 's match referee is ... oh dear God .... Davy Malcolm . "
From the Ballymena v Glenavon Irish Cup replay .
" The fourth official has indicated two minutes added time to the first half .
In association with Specsavers . "
Stadium announcer at Hillsborough during Sheffield Wednesday v Forest , after what he thought was a poor refereeing display .
" It 's now QPR 0 Ipswich 2 , there 'll be a new manager in the morning , then ! "
Watford announcer reading out the scores at half - time .
" If you are parked in the Buttermarket car park .... it closes at five .... oh and by the way my mother - in - law is cooking jacket potato and cold meat tonight . "
Ipswich announcer at QPR game .
And the score is , er ...
" The referee will make a decision after half - time whether to play the rest of the game due to fog .
By the way , the score is 0 - 0 . "
At half - time during the Lewes v St Albans match , where you could n't see from one side of the pitch to the the half - way line .
The match was called off .
BANNERS
" Cockneys for a day . "
Seen among Liverpool fans at Chelsea game .
" Love Glazer , Hate United . "
City fans at the Manchester derby .
" Glazers Out !
We want our scarves back ! "
Banner seen in the Norwich end at Tranmere , along with many yellow and green scarves .
" At least Barnes could rap . "
Banner at Rangers v Celtic match , regarding Tony Mowbray 's poor record at Celtic .
" He 's Not The Messiah .
He 's A Very Naughty Boy . "
Burnley fans at Bolton , directed to their former manager Owen Coyle .
" We had Sol but he 's not a soldier . "
Banner seen at Notts County after the departure of Campbell .
( Based on The Killers ' ' I got soul but I 'm not a soldier ' lyrics ) .
" Steve , sorry we missed the wedding .
We 'll make it to the next one ! "
Seen at the All Blacks - Australia Test in Wellington .
As most people know , Quotes / Chants of the Week will not be reappearing next season , but I will be tweeting any gems I hear , so sign up to my Twitter account if you want to see more .
After more than 40 years archaeologists have finally reached the end of the mysterious tunnel in the tomb of Seti I .
Yet hopes it would lead to the pharaoh 's secret burial site have been crushed , after the seemingly unfinished tunnel suddenly stopped after a back - breaking 174m .
The tomb , in the Valley of the Kings , was first discovered in 1817 by strongman - turned - archaeologist Giovanni Belzoni .
But despite being one of the site 's most spectacular tombs , its strange tunnel was n't excavated until the 1960s .
Back then a team led by Sheikh Ali Abdel - Rasoul took a wrong turn and workers abandoned the project around 130 m in , fearing further digging could bring the tomb crashing down .
Yet a excavation beginning in 2007 , and led by Egyptian antiquities chief Dr Zahi Hawass , discovered a descending passage , 25.6 m long and 2.6 m wide , 136 m into the partially - excavated tunnel .
The team unearthed a myriad 18th Dynasty ( 1569 – 1315 BC ) artefacts including shabtis , pottery fragments , limestone cartouches of Seti I and a model boat made from faience .
Using a mining car system and metal struts for support the passage was cleared , revealing a 54 - step staircase , three of which had been covered in ancient red graffiti .
Remarkably a second staircase was then discovered , measuring 6 m in length .
At its entrance was a false door inscribed with hieratic instructions for the tunnel 's builders : “ Move the door jamb up and make the passage wider . ”
Yet hopes the tunnel would lead to the king 's secret burial were dashed when it ended suddenly ; its last step seemingly unfinished .
Dr Hawass says he was surprised to find a second staircase at all .
Despite the tomb 's ornate wall paintings , it also contains a large number of preliminary sketches of paintings which were never added , furthering the case that work on the tunnel was abandoned suddenly .
Dr Hawass has speculated the tunnel was a symbolic path to the hidden tomb of Sokar , a god of the underworld .
Yet he claims a connection with Seti 's son Ramesses II is also likely .
The mangled remains of a vehicle lie near the location of a suicide attack in Kabul , Afghanistan , last Tuesday .
(( Ahmad Massoud / Associated Press ) )
Afghan authorities are announcing the arrest of seven people in last week 's car suicide bombing that killed six NATO soldiers , including three American colonels and a Canadian colonel .
Col .
Geoff Parker , 42 , who had been the commanding officer of the 2nd Battalion of the Royal Canadian Regiment , a mechanized unit based at CFB Gagetown , N.B. , is the highest - ranking Canadian Forces member to die in Afghanistan .
A total of 18 people were killed in the bombing last Tuesday near the destroyed royal palace .
Intelligence service spokesman Saeed Ansari told reporters Monday that the seven were arrested separately over the last week and were under the command of the Taliban 's " shadow governor " of Kabul , Daoud Surkha .
It was the deadliest attack against NATO in Kabul in eight months .
Biden solidifies defense of Israel : ' What 's the big deal here ? '
Vice President Joe Biden offered the White House 's strongest defense yet of Israeli 's actions off the coast of Gaza this week in an interview with Charlie Rose airing tonight on PBS .
" I think Israel has an absolute right to deal with its security interest .
I put all this back on two things : one , Hamas , and , two , Israel 's need to be more generous relative to the Palestinian people who are in trouble in Gaza , " Biden said , according to a transcript of the interview , in which he went on to discuss Hamas 's control of Gaza :
" [ The Israelis have ] said , ' Here you go .
You 're in the Mediterranean .
This ship — if you divert slightly north you can unload it and we 'll get the stuff into Gaza . '
So what 's the big deal here ?
What 's the big deal of insisting it go straight to Gaza ?
Well , it 's legitimate for Israel to say , ' I do n't know what 's on that ship .
These guys are dropping eight — 3,000 rockets on my people , ' " Biden said .
Biden continued :
Now , the one thing we have to do is not forget the plight of these Palestinians there , not Hamas , the — they 're in bad shape .
So we have put as much pressure and as much cajoling on Israel as we can to allow them to get building materials in , glass — ROSE :
That 's what they 're trying to bring in , building materials .
BIDEN : Yes , we know that , but they could have easily brought it in here and we'd get it through .
Biden concluded by calling for an investigation " run by the Israelis . "
Congressional Democrats , meanwhile , have begun to defend Israel more vocally , and the No. 2 Democrat in the House , Steny Hoyer , said today that Israel had " rightfully " defended itself and offered some details on the White House 's posture .
“ The administration and Congress are determined to prevent condemnation of Israel at the U.N. Security Council .
In times of increased tension such as now , it is imperative that we not allow these events to distract from our main goals of achieving peace in the region and preventing Iran from developing nuclear weapons , " he said .
The sale of a large number of substances found in head shops has been banned today by a Government order that has recategorised the products as illegal drugs .
In a twin - track approach , the Government has moved to ban a list of specified drugs , under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1977 , and has agreed to draft legislation that will regulate the sale of drugs by head shops that may have psychoactive effects but are not covered by the Act .
Several head shops closed their doors to the public with immediate effect as the Taoiseach declared the high - street stores “ closed until further notice ” .
“ Hopefully that practical effect will be seen right around the country , ” Brian Cowen said .
“ We are determined that irresponsible people who want to profit from dangerous substances get the message that Government will not tolerate their reprehensible activities which are actually putting the lives and health of many young people at risk , ” he said .
Mr Cowen said that because of the urgency of the matter and formal representations by the Government , the EU Commission facilitated the ban earlier than expected .
Under the Government Order , people convicted of the unlawful supply of the banned products now face life imprisonment .
The order becomes law with immediate effect .
It is now an offence to import , export , produce , supply or possess the banned substances where they are to be used for human ingestion , other than as a flavouring in food .
People convicted of unlawful possession face up to seven years imprisonment and a fine .
“ These substances are dangerous and their sale and promotion have caused huge anxiety to families and communities throughout the country ” , Minister for Health Mary Harney announced this afternoon .
The move follows approval of a Government application to the EU Commission in the form of an “ urgency procedure ” to facilitate the swift introduction of legislation .
The Commission advised Government yesterday legislation could be implemented , without observing the usual three - month consultation period .
“ This means that the reckless , irresponsible people who have sold and promoted them must safely dispose of every product containing even one of the substances immediately ” , Ms Harney said .
“ Otherwise they could face criminal prosecution .
They cannot sell , supply , possess or distribute this stock , with effect from the start of today , ” she continued .
Mrs Harney said she was confident gardaí would enforce the new law rigorously .
The Government has also moved to draft a Bill to provide sanctions against proprietors of head shops engaged in the sale of drug - like products that may not be specifically proscribed under the Misuse of Drugs Act , but which have psychoactive effects .
The Criminal Law ( Psychoactive Substances )
Bill 2010 will make the sale or supply of substances a criminal offence .
It is also proposed to give appropriate powers to the gardaí and to the courts to intervene quickly to prevent outlets from selling these products by way of prohibition orders .
Minister for Justice Dermot Ahern said " The safety of the community is being put at major risk by the operation of so - called head shops " .
" The operators of these shops are exploiting for large profits the availability of potentially dangerous products by selling them for human use .
Such activity clearly seeks to undermine the legal framework for the control of drugs in this country . "
Labour Dublin Central TD Joe Costello welcomed the Government move but added the ban should have been introduced months ago .
" The suppliers of the psychoactive substances have had months of advance warning from the Government as to which substances were to be banned .
All they have to do is withdraw the existing substances , alter the mix of ingredients , and supply the head shops with a new synthetic substance with a new name . "
He added banning of products sold in the outlets was unlikely to have any long term effect on the head shop industry .
Instead , Mr Costello said moves by gardaí in Store Street to visit 16 head shops in the north inner city were the most effective steps taken .
Thousands of protesters marched through the streets of Sydney 's CBD today , waving colourful banners and chanting demands for equal pay for women .
The Australian Services Union , which represents workers in the female - dominated community services sector , organised the nationwide rally - Australia 's biggest equal pay march since the 1970s .
Women earn 18 per cent less than men , which amounts to about $ 1 million over a lifetime , recent Australian Bureau of Statistics show .
But the union 's NSW secretary Sally McManus said the pay gap could be as high as 35 per cent in the community sector .
Economy
China , Kazakhstan sign new gas pipeline deal By Wan Zhihong ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-06-14 07:23
A worker checks the existing China - Central Asia gas pipeline .
Agreement has now been reached between China and Kazakhstan to build a 1,400 kilometer natural gas pipeline between the two countries .
[ China Daily ]
BEIJING - China and Kazakhstan have signed a deal to build and finance a natural gas pipeline and deepen their cooperation on nuclear energy , extending the two countries ' ties on resources .
Under the agreement signed on Saturday during a visit by Chinese President Hu Jintao , the two countries will build a 1,400 - km gas pipeline .
It will link with an existing gas pipeline running between China and Central Asia .
The project will help meet gas demand in southern Kazakhstan .
Feasibility studies will also be undertaken , looking at increasing gas exports to China from the Caspian Sea area and other Central Asian countries through the pipeline , China National Petroleum Corp ( CNPC ) said on Sunday .
Analysts said the deal underlines the importance of energy cooperation between China and central Asian countries , which are rich in natural resources .
" These countries will play an increasingly important role in China 's overseas energy strategy , " said Xia Yishan , an expert at the China Institute of International Studies .
China signed a deal with Uzbekistan last Wednesday to buy 10 billion cubic meters of natural gas per year from the country .
Both countries also signed a memorandum of understanding to expand their cooperation on gas .
Starting operation in December 2009 , the China - Central Asia gas pipeline was China 's first large pipeline project to import natural gas .
It starts at the Turkmenistan - Uzbekistan border and runs through central Uzbekistan and southern Kazakhstan to China 's Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region .
At Horgos in Xinjiang , the pipeline is connected with China 's second West - East gas pipeline , which extends 8,653 km across 14 provinces , municipalities and regions , including Shanghai and Hong Kong .
Analysts said that China is expected to see more gas imports in the future .
Natural gas consumption will account for 10 percent of China 's annual total primary energy consumption by 2020 from the current 3.9 percent level , according to Zhou Jiping , vice - president of CNPC .
Uranium supply
Kazakhstan , which last year surpassed Canada to become the world 's largest uranium miner , will also increase shipments to China after its state nuclear company agreed a supply contract on Saturday during the presidential visit .
Kazatomprom will supply uranium to China Guangdong Nuclear Power Corporation ( CGNPC ) , details of which were not disclosed .
CGNPC - which operates more than 40 percent of China 's nuclear power generating capacity - said in April 2009 it would develop a uranium deposit in Kazakhstan with reserves of 40,000 tons in a joint operation with Kazatomprom .
A third agreement signed on Saturday will allow for cooperation between Kazakhstan and China on the peaceful development of nuclear energy .
China plans to increase its nuclear power capacity to 70 gigawatts ( gW ) to 80 gW in 2020 .
The country has 11 nuclear power reactors under operation now .
These reactors have a total capacity of 9.1 gW , accounting for around 1 percent of the country 's total power capacity .
No quería solucionar mi situación financiera difícil con unos préstamos dudosos y el banco no me prestó .
Mis problemas resolví gracias al préstamo megnífico .
María , Granada
Unexpectedly Intriguing !
In May 2010 , George Washington University and Washington University in St. Louis jointly issued a report on the growth of government spending allocated in the annual budget of the United States ' federal government for the purpose of regulating social and economic activity in the nation .
Written by Susan Dudley and Melinda Warren , the report primarily focuses its analysis on the U.S. budgets for fiscal years 2010 and 2011 .
However , we were really taken with the stylized graph presented on the report 's cover page .
The data in the chart is taken from Table 1 of the report and has been adjusted for inflation , with the figures presented in terms of constant 2005 U.S. dollars .
We wondered if we could take that data , do a bit of rough regression analysis , then build a tool to both estimate how much government regulation cost U.S. taxpayers between Fiscal Year 1960 and Fiscal Year 2011 and project how much it would be likely to grow into the future .
So we dug deeper into the report and extracted the inflation - adjusted data for each year from Fiscal Year 1960 through 2011 , which we found in Table A - 5 of the report .
Our graph , shown to the left , reveals what we found for the total of social and economic regulation for these years , as well as presenting our mathematical model of the overall trend through these years .
What we find is that the cost of social and economic regulation in the United States , has been and is growing at an exponential rate .
Select Year Input Data Values Year for Which to Project the Cost of Regulation 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030
Projected Cost of Social and Economic Regulation Calculated Results Values Direct Cost of U.S. Government Regulation [ billion USD ]
The only exception to that pattern is represented by the short term spike in the cost of regulation in 2003 , which coincides with the formation of the Transportation Security Agency and its bureaucracy following the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .
The rate of growth of the cost of regulation has otherwise been consistently around the exponential rate of 5 % per year .
But that 's not accurate enough for us !
We applied the data regression tools available at ZunZun to create the formula we presented in the chart above , so we can better project what the cost of social and economic regulation in the U.S. will be in the future , not to mention quickly estimating where it 's been since 1960 !
Going by our math , by the end of President Obama 's first term in office in 2013 , we could reasonably expect the cost of social and economic regulation to be on the order of 60 billion dollars .
That 's up from the $ 43.3 billion that regulation cost U.S. taxpayers in 2008 .
And that 's not even incorporating the cost of the President 's health care reform law , which promises to add quite a lot of regulation to the bills that U.S. taxpayers must pay .
And that also does n't take into account the cost that U.S. individuals and businesses have to pay to comply with U.S. regulations .
That might take adding a few zeroes onto the numbers that the tool estimates !
Labels : economics , tool
The jobs crisis and socialist policies
7 June 2010
Friday ’s unemployment figures from the US Department of Labor shattered the months - long propaganda campaign by the government and the media claiming that the US is in the midst of an economic recovery .
This campaign is based on equating the rise in corporate profits and stock prices with “ recovery , ” while downplaying long - term mass unemployment and the social disaster it is creating .
Friday ’s jobs report demonstrates both the inability of American capitalism to create jobs for millions of workers and the refusal of the Obama administration to make any genuine effort to offset the impact of the economic crisis on working people .
While May saw a net increase of 431,000 jobs , 411,000 represent hiring by the federal government to provide temporary help in conducting the 2010 Census .
The Bureau of the Census is expected to scale back hiring from now on , and these temporary jobs will be largely gone by the end of summer .
Job creation in the private sector was only 41,000 , while state and local governments , hit by an intensifying budget crisis , cut 22,000 jobs .
The number of workers considered long - term unemployed — out of work for 27 weeks or more — rose to the highest level since the Labor Department began keeping such records in the 1940s .
President Obama tried to cover up the obvious meaning of the jobs report with rhetorical flimflam , claiming Friday that the numbers showed the US economy was “ getting stronger by the day ” and that “ we are moving in the right direction . ”
Professional economists and media commentators , however , treated the report as a sharp warning of a “ double - dip ” recession , and the New York Stock Exchange plunged , with the Dow Jones Industrial Average falling 323 points to finish below the 10,000 mark .
The Washington Post declared bluntly , “ The new data confounded expectations , spurred by the April report , that the job market might finally be taking off and many of the nation ’s 15 million unemployed people could soon get back to work .
Forecasters had been encouraged by gains in economic indicators — including business surveys , retail sales reports and measures of industrial output — and expected to see accelerating job growth as well .
They were wrong . ”
The anemic level of private - sector hiring is not merely an “ aspect ” of the economic crisis , but its essential feature .
According to the Labor Department , there were 8 million fewer workers on private payrolls in May 2010 than when the recession began in December 2007 .
The private sector employs roughly the same number of American workers today as in 2001 .
In other words , net job creation by the private sector , the supposed engine of economic progress according to both the Democrats and the Republicans , has been zero for a full decade — the entire period during which first George W. Bush and then Barack Obama occupied the White House .
A separate report , published late last month by the newspaper USA Today , found that private - sector pay had shrunk to the smallest share of personal income in American history during the first quarter of 2010 .
Private - sector wages represented only 41.9 percent of total US personal income , down from 44.6 percent when the recession began in December 2007 .
This decline in wages was partly offset by an increase in government benefits , which rose from 14.2 percent of total income to 17.9 percent over the same period .
An editorial in the Wall Street Journal Saturday sought to place the blame for the ongoing economic slump on excessive burdens imposed on business by the Obama administration .
Under the headline , “ Employers on Strike , ” the Journal wrote : “ The private economy — that is , the wealth creation part , not the wealth redistribution part — gained only 41,000 jobs . ”
The language is inadvertently revealing .
By “ wealth creation ” the Journal means the creation of profits for the capitalist class .
And in a very real sense , the American capitalist class is on strike , seeking to enforce more favorable conditions for profit - making at the expense of the working class .
It has deliberately increased unemployment to the highest levels since the Great Depression in order to terrorize the entire working class into accepting jobs at any wage , no matter how low , and under any conditions of exploitation , no matter how brutal .
( Among the obstacles to job creation cited by the Journal is the rise in the US minimum wage to a miserable $ 7.25 an hour . )
The Obama administration is nothing more than an instrument of this drive by corporate America to slash working class living standards — as it demonstrated in the forced bankruptcy of General Motors and Chrysler , where the basic wage rate has been cut in half , with new workers entering the auto plants at $ 14 an hour or less .
Obama has repeatedly declared that there will be no effort by the federal government to hire the unemployed through public works programs and that job creation is the role of the private sector — i.e. , the capitalist class .
The working class must recognize that unemployment is neither a natural catastrophe nor an individual problem of the unemployed .
It is the deliberate policy of the American capitalist class .
The fight for jobs and against mass unemployment is an essential part of the class struggle , and it requires the mobilization of the working class against the corporations and their political front men in Washington .
The Socialist Equality Party calls on working people to build their own mass political party , independent of the Democrats and Republicans and opposed to the profit system , to fight for a program that can put an end to the destruction of jobs and offer a way forward for millions of unemployed workers and youth .
We call for an emergency public works program to provide every unemployed worker with a decent - paying job .
Millions should be hired to deal with the enormous unmet social needs in education , health care , and the social and public infrastructure — including roads , public transportation , housing , the environment , and the rebuilding of urban America .
This should be combined with the reduction of the work week to 30 hours at 40 hours ’ pay , to insure that all those who want and need a full - time job can find one .
The resources for such a program can and must be obtained by confiscating the wealth of the capitalist class — beginning with the bankers , hedge fund parasites and corporate CEOs — and reorganizing economic life to serve the needs of working people , not private profit .
Patrick Martin
Patrick Martin
This is an artillery style game , all movement is only using portals .
Keep an eye for the bonus crate fountain at the end .
Best watched in high def of course .
Followup .
This is sheepluva demonstrating how not to portal hop .
Image caption Coleman is likely to be cremated during next week
Former Diff 'rent Strokes star Gary Coleman will be cremated , but a funeral service will not take place .
Robert Jeffs , who has been appointed by a judge to oversee the actor 's estate , announced the news .
Mr Jeffs told The Associated Press that Coleman 's will had stipulated that a funeral service was not to take place .
The star of the hit 1980s television sitcom passed away last month at the age of 42 after suffering a brain haemorrhage .
No press
Mr Jeffs is in charge of Coleman 's estate until a dispute between the star 's ex-wife and ex-girlfriend has been settled .
The pair both claim to be the legal administrators of his estate .
He said Coleman 's ashes and property will be securely stored until a final decision is made about an executor for his will , which could take months .
The judge has ordered that Coleman 's remains be cremated no sooner than Wednesday afternoon .
In a will drawn up in 1999 , Coleman stated he wanted a wake conducted by people who had no financial ties to him and " can look each other in the eyes and say they really cared personally for Gary Coleman " .
He also said he did not want any members of the press to attend .
The last testament named Dion Mial , one of Coleman 's friends and former managers , who withdrew his petition to be named as the special administrator of Coleman 's estate on Monday .
Mr Mial 's lawyer said Coleman 's ex-girlfriend Anna Gray took precedence as an administrator because she had been in the child star 's life more recently .
Google 's official Android app store is getting some competition as upstart , independent challengers create their own app stores to lure users with the promise of more freedom , better access to apps and increased revenue .
But it 's all kosher because , unlike Apple , Google allows for multiple app stores to exist on the Android operating system .
A new Android app store called AndSpot plans to coax developers and users to try an alternative Android app store with better search and app - recommendation features .
" Google 's Android Market is slow and not as user friendly as it can be , " says Ash Kheramand , one of the co-founders of AndSpot .
" You do n't leave the Market thinking ' this is great . '
Instead you are thinking , this is slow , clunky , and if you are a developer , ' my app is not getting much exposure . ' "
Over the next few weeks , Kheradmand and his co-founder Faisal Abid are hoping to unveil a snazzy new app store that they say will have better design and a better way to discover apps .
" We want to bring a level of personalization to the marketplace , " says Kheradmand .
AndSpot is currently in private beta with its features available only to a small group of developers and users .
( Two hundred Gadget Lab readers can check out Andspot using the invite code : WIRED3R5TY . )
Andspot is not the only one trying to take on the official Google app store .
Larger publishers such as Handango and GetJar have distributed a number of apps through their stores across multiple platforms – though on the iPhone they just publish individual apps .
But now smaller Android exclusive startups such as Andspot , SlideMe and AndAppStore are getting into the fray .
Why develop just an app when you can build an app store , they say .
Similar to the official Google app store , these startups are hoping to become a central distribution platform for developers who want to get their apps out .
The difference , they say , is they will go where Android Market has failed to tread .
" It 's all about promising more attention for apps , " says Vincent Hoogsteder , co-founder and CEO of Distimo , an apps analytics company .
" If you are a developer targeting a specific market , it is easier to put your app in a store focusing on that , instead of losing yourself in the Android Market .
If you are a consumer , then the idea is to help you find better apps . "
Google launched Android , an open , free , mobile operating system , in 2008 .
And like Apple , which pioneered the app - store idea , the Android OS also allows independent software applications through its Android Market .
But that 's where the comparison ends .
Apple approves every app that makes it to its App Store .
And it allows for just one app store , the Apple App Store .
Rejects from Apple 's app store have the option of going to an underground store called Cydia .
But Cydia apps are available to only jailbroken iPhones .
Google hopes to avoid that with Android .
Multiple app stores can exist on the Android phone and apps do n't have to be approved before they hit the official Android app store .
In an intensely crowded app world , getting noticed is the big challenge .
Finding Facebook , Shazam or Pandora on the Android Market is easy .
But for smaller apps like Time Lapse or Zum Zum , the key to survival is finding enough eyeballs .
" There are 50,000 apps in the Android Market , while your phone lists only 50 apps at a time , " says Hoogsteder .
" You are seeing just a fraction of what 's out there . "
That 's why many new Android app stores such as AndroLib and AppBrain have focused on being meta-stores , places that aggregate and let you search Android apps .
But to actually download the apps , users have to go to the Android Market .
AndSpot and SlideMe are a step ahead .
They are trying to convince enough developers to publish apps directly to their stores , in addition to offering them on the official Google Market .
So users who have SlideMe or AndSpot will never have to go to the Android Market , if they do n't want to .
Developers do n't have to make any changes to their apps intended for the Google Android Market before they list it on AndSpot or SlideMe .
SlideMe , which launched in April 2008 , does n't take a cut of the revenue from app sales .
When apps are sold through its store , SlideMe subtracts a payment - processing fee required by the credit card company ( which usually is about 3.5 percent ) and any applicable tax , and lets developers keep the rest .
Apple and Google both allow developers to keep just 70 percent of the revenue they get from their sales .
Instead , SlideMe makes money by licensing its entire app store to gadget manufacturers .
That also means SlideMe 's app store will come pre-loaded on a phone similar to Google 's Android Market .
Last year , SlideMe landed its first deal with Vodafone Egypt to pre-load its app store on the HTC Magic .
The SlideMe app store will also be on Sony Ericsson 's Xperia X10 phones sold in the Middle East .
" Not all manufacturers can comply with the requirements of Google , so Google can't give them the app store , " says Christopoulos .
" That 's why SlideMe can be on more than just phones .
We are thinking netbooks and in - car infotainment systems . "
AndSpot says , for now , it plans to offer developers an 80 percent cut of the revenues from its app store .
But Kheradmand is not sure AndSpot can sustain the pace .
" We are operating on very thin margins here , " he says .
Offering developers more revenue by finding ways to make money off their apps is key to the survival of these independent app stores .
Google 's Android Market lags behind its peers when it comes to paid apps .
Distimo 's analytics show almost 75 percent of apps in the Apple App Store are paid , compared to just under 43 percent in the Android Market .
Only nine countries are allowed to distribute Android paid apps currently because of Google checkout restrictions , points out Hoogsteder .
Consumers from only 13 countries can get access to paid content .
That cuts out a lot of international developers and users , says Christopoulos .
For instance , a Polish developer created a game called Speed Forge 3D that could n't be sold through the Android app store in many countries because of restrictions around Google Checkout .
The app is listed on SlideMe for approximately $ 3 .
SlideMe will also focus on localized apps and tailor its app store by country .
" You might be from a country in the Middle East and not speak English .
We can help you find apps in your local language , " says Christopoulos .
AndSpot says both users and developers will find the independent Android - focused app stores a sweet deal .
" Users will go where the apps are , and developers will be attracted because they have nothing to lose , " says Kheradmand .
See Also :
Photo : ( modenadude / Flickr )
Citation Information
Randy Borum .
" Anarchist Direct Actions : A Challenge for Law Enforcement " Studies in Conflict and Terrorism ( 2005 ) Available at : http://works.bepress.com/randy_borum/6/
In the wake of Sergio Busquets ’ theatrics Wednesday , which resulted in a red card for Thiago Motta , Inter Milan fans were outraged and the Belgian referee , Frank De Bleeckere , was fooled .
Little did the Belgian know that Sergio Busquets was putting on an Oscar performance in front of one of the largest live viewing audiences in the world .
Over the recent years players , fans and coaches have been calling for FIFA to change its policy towards using cameras , sensors and other technological equipment to make better and more accurate calls during the game .
It is only with the assistance of technology will FIFA be able to eradicate human error from the sport and not from the assistance of more referees .
While the Oscar winning performance put on by Busquets did n’t exactly win Barcelona a place in the final , it did convince people that players should be punished for such behaviors .
One possible solution to eradicating these problems includes using cameras where trained personnel can communicate with the referee using a wireless headset during the game Arsene Wenger and Sir Alex Ferguson have been staunch supporters of using technology in games often being on the wrong end of a decision that could have been overturned with the help of some technological advancements .
As we all know the game is continually evolving , new tactics are involved and quicker and stronger players take on the field .
Sir Alex believes that , “ there is no question that the speed of the game means technology or additional assistance should be used . ”
UEFA has experimented with using 5 referees during a match and FIFA hopes to use this idea in the upcoming World Cup .
There are many supporters of using 5 referees during a match , including Soccer Legend Pele and UEFA President Michel Platini .
There ’s no doubt that the 2 additional referees behind the touch line will help , but it wo n’t solve all the problems .
“ They have come out with a solution with one guy behind the goal but the best one is technology ” , Arsene Wenger was quoted after Thierry Henry ’s controversial handball .
It ’s situations like the one encountered last November , where Thierry Henry ’s hand ball earned them a ticket to South Africa , which FIFA need to make sure never happens again .
As unfortunate as these situations are , they taint the image of the sport and delegitimize the organization as a whole .
We can list volumes of incidents that have changed the outcome of a game because of something that the referee failed to call in the Premier League alone , but the fact that FIFA has n’t been using any of the proposed ideas is unfortunate to say the least .
FIFA has recently turned down a proposal that would help referees know if the ball crossed the line or not using lasers and sensors .
The reason for rejecting this idea is that they wanted to protect the universality of the game , meaning that the way of the game is played in London , England should also be the way the game is played in Timbuktu , Mali .
This is a noble and just cause , however , if FIFA does n’t take enough action to ensure that the right call is made during the game they will have only themselves to blame if a faulty outcome were to happen this World Cup .
Follow us here as well as twitter and facebook where we ’ll update you on any technological advancements and World Cup results !
- Ahmed Ahmed
This is a serious and controversial question to ask anytime , but especially in the midst of a war .
But that is exactly what Bennie Lee Fudge did — in 1943 .
I only know two things about Mr. Fudge : he was from Alabama and he wrote a book in 1943 called Can a Christian Kill for His Government ?
I suspect that he was a Church of Christ minister , but I do n’t know for certain .
Fudge does n’t claim to be adding anything new to the subject of the Christian ’s relationship to civil government and his participation in government wars , but says that his work “ is an effort to collect in logical , systematic form , the principal arguments that have been presented by those who affirm the right of the Christian to participate in these activities , and to study these arguments in the light of the Scriptures . ”
Following each of these arguments , Fudge presents his “ reasons for holding to the opposite view . ”
There are no gray areas in Fudge ’s thinking .
He considers the question of Christians killing for the government in combat to be a black or white issue : Either I am wrong in advising Christian boys against accepting combatant service , and will be held responsible before God for encouraging them to shirk their duty , not only to their country , but to God ; or those are wrong who teach these young men to go willingly into combatant service , and will be held responsible in the judgment for encouraging them to violate one of the most sacred commands of God in shedding the blood of their fellow man .
Fudge condemns preachers who , under the pressure of public opinion , encourage their young men to enlist in the business of bloodshed and then later , when cooler heads prevail , change their position when some of the young men who enlisted with their blessing will never come back alive and have a chance to change their position .
He astutely recognizes that wars must be sold to the public with a tremendous national propaganda campaign .
He has no use for those who try to cloak wars under the banner of defense :
It is impossible for a man to judge between offensive and defensive wars while the war is in progress and he is involved in it .
Napoleon declared in his last days that he had never waged an offensive war .
The people of Germany believed in World War I and also in this present war that they were defending their fatherland .
It is axiomatic in war that the best defense is a good offensive .
The plan of book is straightforward .
Fudge presents two propositions :
The Bible authorizes the Christian ’s acting as a punitive agent of the civil government , either as a law enforcement officer or as a soldier in the army .
The Bible forbids the Christian ’s acting as a punitive agent of the civil government , either as a law enforcement officer or as a soldier in the army .
Christianity and War a ...
Laurence M. Vance Best Price : $ 3.46 Buy New $ 5.96 ( as of 12:30 EST - Details )
He spends the first part of the book refuting the first proposition and the second part of the book affirming the second .
In the first part of the book , Fudge introduces a subject ( 15 in all ) , presents supporting evidence , and provides a summary in the form of three statements .
This is all followed by his reply .
The subjects covered are : Spiritual and Material Realms , Jewish and Roman Practice , The Instinct of Self - Preservation , Innocence and Guilt , Servants of the Kingdoms of This World , They That Take the Sword Perish with the Sword , Moral and Penal Law , Cleansing the Temple , Civil Government Ordained of God , Paul ’s Use of Armed Defense , Cornelius the Soldier , The Philippian Jailor , Combatant and Non-Combatant Service , The Hebrew Words for “ Kill , ” and Historical Evidence .
Here is his section on Romans 13 .
IX . CIVIL GOVERNMENT ORDAINED OF GOD
Read Romans 13:1 — 7 .
The civil government is ordained of God.
Christians must be subject to it and support it for conscience ’ sake , which places civil government as an institution in the realm of that which is morally right .
Conscience has to do with matters morally right and wrong .
The God-ordained purpose of the divinely approved institution of civil government is to bear the sword , punish evil - doers , and praise the righteous .
But civil government works through its citizens and subjects .
It is right for a citizen of the civil government , acting as an agent of the government , to bear the sword in punishment of evildoers .
Christians are citizens of the civil government , and Christians may do anything that is right .
Therefore Christians , as citizens of the civil government and acting as agents of the government , may bear the sword in punishment of evil - doers .
REPLY
The first premise is defective .
Logically to draw the above conclusion , the first premise must be construed to mean , “ It is right for any citizen of the civil government , acting as an agent of the government , to bear the sword and punish evil - doers . ”
It is assumed that “ the powers that be ” of Romans 13:1 includes the civil government with all its citizens and subjects .
Since this assumption would include Christians , the first premise is in reality begging the question .
A study of Romans 13 will show that Paul considers the Christian as entirely separate from “ the powers that be . ”
“ Let every soul be in subjection to the higher powers . ”
Paul is considering the government as one party , the Christian as another , the Christian subject to the government .
This applied to every soul among the Christians .
“ He ( the power , the administrator of civil government ) is a minister of God to thee for good . ”
Not that the Christian is the minister of God in this capacity , but that another party — he , third person , automatically excluding the Christian who is addressed in the second person — is such a minister .
Notice the same distinction in the following verses , “ But if thou do that which is evil , be afraid ; for he ( not thou ) beareth not the sword in vain : for he ( not thou ) is a minister of God , an avenger for wrath to him that doeth evil . ”
Rethinking the Good War Laurence M. Vance Best Price : null Buy New $ 5.95 ( as of 12:45 EST - Details )
Now comes the Christian ’s part in this order of things —
“ Wherefore ye must needs be in subjection , not only because of the wrath , but also for conscience ’ sake .
For for this cause ye pay tribute also ;
For they ( not ye , now ) are ministers of God ’s service , attending continually upon this very thing .
Render to all their dues : tribute to whom tribute is due ; custom to whom custom ; fear to whom fear ; honor to whom honor . ”
It is strikingly noticeable that in listing the services “ due ” the devil government by the Christian , Paul did not include “ defense to whom defense is due ” or “ vengeance to whom vengeance is due . ”
Those two duties have always been expected of their subjects by the civil governments , yet inspiration nowhere names them as due by the Christian .
It is similarly outstanding that while he mentions that ye ( Christians ) should pay tribute , custom , honor , fear , be subject , it is always he or they when bearing the sword is mentioned .
So far as Romans 13 goes , the Christian ’s relationship to political government is wholly passive .
This is the teaching of the entire New Testament on the matter .
There is not one example , command , or necessary inference of the Christian by divine sanction taking an active part in civil or military government .
Since it is clear that in Romans 13 Paul considers the sword - bearer and the Christian as separate and distinct individuals , our premise , to represent correctly the teaching of the passage , would read , “ It is right for some citizens of the civil government , acting as agents of the government , to bear the sword and punish evil - doers . ”
In this case it remains to be proved that Christians fall in that class qualified to bear the sword and punish evildoers .
This is the point to be proved in the beginning , so this argument is begging the question , and there no logical argument at all .
In the second part of the book , Fudge follows basically the same format as the first .
He introduces a subject ( 6 in all ) , presents supporting evidence , and provides a summary in the form of three statements .
There is no reply here because Fudge is affirming his proposition that “ The Bible forbids the Christian ’s acting as a punitive agent of the civil government , either as a law enforcement officer or as a soldier in the army . ”
The topics in this part of the book are : God ’s Penal Law , International Nature of the Church , God ’s Use of a Prepared People , For What May a Christian Fight ? , Is It a Good Work ? , and Historical Evidence .
In this last section , Fudge relies heavily on the Church Father Tertullian , such as this quote from his work De Corona : Shall it be held lawful to make an occupation of the sword , when the Lord proclaims that he who uses the sword shall perish by the sword ?
And shall the son of peace take part in the battle when it does not become him even to sue at law ?
And shall he apply the chain , and the prison , and the torture , and the punishment , who is not the avenger even of his own wrongs ?
Shall he , forsooth , either keep watch - service for others more than for Christ , or shall he do it on the Lord ’s day , when he does not even do it for Christ Himself ?
And shall he keep guard before the temples which he has renounced ?
He also refers to modern historians who name aversion to the imperial military service , disregard for politics , and lack of patriotism as reasons the Romans persecuted the early Christians .
Fudge concludes : I can do anything for the government that I can do for an individual or a corporation : and , outside the things due the government by God ’s decree , I can do nothing for the government that I cannot do for an individual or a corporation .
Can a Christian Kill for His Government ?
appears to have been privately printed and distributed by the author in limited quantities .
It has no doubt been out of print for decades .
I only recently discovered this valuable 64 - page book and reprinted it as part of my Classic Reprints series .
Fudge ’s book is an important addition to the genre of antiwar literature from a biblical perspective .
If you are aware of any other long - forgotten antiwar books or articles that you feel are worthy of being reprinted , please contact me about including them in my Classic Reprints series .
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
If you 're headed to a freshwater stream this summer and a friend dares you to eat a raw crayfish -- do n't do it .
You could end up in the hospital with a severe parasitic infection .
Physicians at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis have diagnosed a rare parasitic infection in six people who had consumed raw crayfish from streams and rivers in Missouri .
The cases occurred over the past three years , but three have been diagnosed since last September ; the latest in April .
Before these six , only seven such cases had ever been reported in North America , where the parasite , Paragonimus kellicotti , is common in crayfish .
" The infection , called paragonimiasis , is very rare , so it 's extremely unusual to see this many cases in one medical center in a relatively short period of time , " says Washington University infectious diseases specialist Gary Weil , MD , professor of medicine and of molecular microbiology , who treated some of the patients .
" We are almost certain there are other people out there with the infection who have n't been diagnosed .
That 's why we want to get the word out . "
Paragonimiasis causes fever , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath and extreme fatigue .
The infection is generally not fatal , and it is easily treated if properly diagnosed .
But the illness is so unusual that most doctors are not aware of it .
Most of the patients had received multiple treatments for pneumonia and undergone invasive procedures before they were referred to Barnes - Jewish Hospital or St. Louis Children 's Hospital at Washington University Medical Center .
The half - inch , oval - shaped parasitic worms at the root of the infection primarily travel from the intestine to the lungs .
They also can migrate to the brain , causing severe headaches or vision problems , or under the skin , appearing as small , moving nodules .
Some of the patients had been in and out of the hospital for months as physicians tried to diagnose their mysterious illness and treat their symptoms , which also included a buildup of fluid around the lungs and around the heart .
One patient even had his gallbladder removed , to no avail .
advertisement
" Some of these invasive procedures could have been avoided if the patients had received a prompt diagnosis , " says Michael Lane , MD , an infectious diseases fellow at the School of Medicine who treated some of the patients .
" We hope more doctors will now have this infection on their radar screens for patients with an unexplained lingering fever , cough and fatigue . "
Once the diagnosis is made , paragonimiasis is easily treated with an oral drug , praziquantel , taken three times a day for only two days .
Symptoms begin to improve within a few days and are typically gone within seven to 10 days .
All the patients have completely recovered , even one patient who temporarily lost his vision when parasites invaded the brain .
The recent infections , which occurred in patients ages 10 - 32 , have prompted the Missouri Department of Health & Senior Services to issue a health advisory alerting doctors across the state .
The department also printed posters warning people not to eat raw crayfish and placed them in campgrounds and canoe rental businesses near popular Missouri streams .
Thoroughly cooking crayfish kills the parasite and does not pose a health risk .
Paragonimiasis is far more common in East Asia , where many thousands of cases are diagnosed annually in people who consume raw or undercooked crab that contain Paragonimus westermani , a cousin to the parasite in North American crayfish .
While the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has an antibody test to identify Paragonimus westermani infection , the test is not sensitive for patients with P. kellicotti parasite , and this makes diagnosis a real challenge .
Diagnostic clues include elevated levels of white blood cells called eosinophils .
These cells typically are elevated in patients with worm parasites , but they can also occur in more common illnesses , including cancer , autoimmune disease and allergy .
X - rays also show excess fluid around the lungs and sometimes the heart .
advertisement
" You have to be a bit of a detective and be open to all the clues , " says Washington University infectious diseases specialist Thomas Bailey , MD , professor of medicine , who diagnosed and treated the first case at the School of Medicine .
As a case in point , the first patient who sought treatment at Washington University had had a fever and cough for several weeks .
His chest X - ray showed fluid around the lungs , and blood tests showed elevated levels of eosinophils .
The " aha moment " for Bailey occurred when the patient 's wife mentioned that his symptoms developed about a week after he ate raw crayfish from a Missouri river , and Bailey recalled that in Asia eating raw or undercooked crabs can lead to a paragonimus infection .
With a quick search of the medical literature , Bailey learned that rare cases of North American paragonimiasis had been described in patients eating raw crayfish .
The scenario fit perfectly with his patient .
" That 's the interesting thing about being an infectious diseases doctor , " Bailey says .
" Every time you see a new patient you have to be open to the possibility that the diagnosis could be something highly unusual . "
Crayfish are common throughout North America , where hundreds of species live in rivers , streams , lakes and ponds .
The parasite P. kellicotti has a complex life cycle .
It lives in snails and crayfish but only causes a dangerous infection if it ingested by mammals , including dogs , cats and humans , who eat it raw .
No one knows why more cases of paragonimiasis are being diagnosed now , but doctors and researchers at Washington University are studying the parasite and hope to develop a better diagnostic test for the infection .
For now , the message for physicians is to consider paragonimiasis in patients with cough , fever and eosinophilia .
The simple message for the public is : " Do not eat raw crayfish , " Weil says .
Episode 3's Just Fine As A Concept
This is a parody of The Middle by Jimmy Eat World , originally released in 2002 .
You can see the video here : YouTube
" If you 're anything like me , you 've played through the Half Life game countless times using upcoming releases as another excuse to replay the entire series and devour any news about the next installment you can get .
Well , given the anticipation surrounding the release of Episode 3 , the extra long wait we 've been going through and Valve 's infamous reputation for meeting release dates the theme of this song just seemed to fit . "
- Jonathan
I teach games development and my students are all potentially the next generation of games developers , whether in 3D modelling , texturing , animating or programming .
You may have an interest within the games industry that relates to the above areas but I 'm sure one question rattles around in your mind ..... " do I have what it takes to succeed in the ever growing and competitive Games Industry ? "
The obvious answer would be " YES OF COURSE YOU DO ! "
Now while that may be true on the most part , in this article I will explain as honestly as I can how difficult it can be and how to make it easier for yourself .
There are two routes to get into the games industry and I will explain both below .
Route 1 : Education and Qualifications .
We all know the importance of getting through education with sparkling colours and top marks and that in fact is VITAL .
With a good grade in your CV you get looked at as a candidate , on the other hand if you hold a low graded qualification then your application may not even get looked at .
This is not only valid across the games industry but across ANY industry .
Better grades equal better prospects for a better job ... END OF !
It is not good enough to just scrape through education , it is not good enough to just THINK that everything will turn out fine and that you will find a job in the games industry because you hold ' a ' qualification .
You have to want to BE THE BEST , it 's as simple as that .
You have to be determined , focussed , prepared to dedicate hours into creating the best possible work , push yourself to the limit and then some .
Back to the point of creating the best possible work that you can ...
Well it 's simple is n't it ?
Potential employers in the games industry will always look for a good portfolio , in fact they will look for an OUTSTANDING portfolio .
You need to demonstrate that you can stick within a poly count , if applying for a character modelling job you must show that you understand human anatomy and the human figure .
Also that you can texture well because a model can be great but can be let down with a badly painted and stretching texture .
The same applies for applying for a concept artist job , you need to show that you understand the human figure , that you can shade well , understand lighting and shadows , and also the composition of an environment / scene .
So from THIS point you should always create your work with the intention of including it into your portfolio .
With that mindset you will automatically show an extra desire to create work of better quality and finesse , I mean after all it could be seen by potential employers so you need to feel that bit of pressure .
As long as you stay along those lines your portfolio should be heading along the correct lines .
Route 2 : Without Qualifications
Now with me being a lecturer in games development I could say that attempting to gain employment in the games industry without a qualification is plan stupid .
Now on most parts that is true , but there is a small grey area where you may be considered .
What you would have to do is read through the portfolio guidelines mentioned above and dedicate your life to them , so to speak .
In simple terms you must have an absolutely OUTSTANDING portfolio demonstrating a vast number of assets / characters using creativity and flair .
You need to shine , stand out , sell yourself as the best .
This is by no means the recommended way to do it , but I just thought it was important that it is not impossible to go down this route , it 's just DAMN HARD !
You should always seek feedback on your work from colleagues , peers , friends or family .
Feedback is great because it provides you with areas that you may not see that require developing .
There are some great online forums that allow you to post your work up for feedback .
There are a vast number of professionals that love to share their knowledge with up and coming designers .
Do n't be afraid of getting your work slated or ' torn to bits ' as forum members will only look to provide constructive criticism .
Conclusion
I will keep this short , if you wish to gain employment in the games industry it is HIGHLY recommended to gain a qualification in the field ( I 'm talking about University here ! ) .
If you do n't hold a qualification ( and in fact this applies even if you do hold a qualification ) then you have to work extra hard to create work that is as close to perfection as possible .
Make use of normal maps to add additional detail to your models and demonstrate that you can use a variety of different skills .
Do n't forget that there will be hundreds if not thousands of other hopefuls applying for the same job so you have to push yourself to stand out , create work that makes use of many techniques and to shine like a beacon to the games studios .... you need to make them think " WE NEED THIS GUY / GIRL WORKING FOR US " .
At the end of the day you will get out as much as you put in , so if you 're lazy and expect a job to fall on your lap then think again , but if you 're hard working , determined and create good looking work then you have every chance of getting into the games industry .
GOOD LUCK !!!
Learn the Skills to Become a Games 3D Artist at [ http://3dstep.co.uk]
Article Source : http://EzineArticles.com/expert/Jayesh_Ranavaya/1273258
Article Source : http://EzineArticles.com/6856596
LYRICS : Jonathan Lewis
MUSIC : Jonathan Lewis
VOCALIST : Kyle Woods
Octopus rehab
Watch this Visitor Center octopus playing with a toy watering can during his quarantine with our Aquatic Animal Health Program .
Octopuses at the Visitor Center
Octopuses are short - lived , so we try to keep them for only a few months before returning them to the ocean - usually when they begin to show signs of senescence ( aging ) .
Learn more about our octopus guests by visiting our OctoFAQ
Donate an octopus
We are always looking for live octopus donations from crabbers , fishermen , divers and others who inadvertently catch these curious animals when they climb into their traps or nets in search of food .
Please contact us if you have an octopus to donate .
Note : A state - issued shellfish license is required to make an octopus donation .
Contact our Senior Aquarist , Colleen Hill , or our Marine Education Volunteer Coordinator , Renee Fowler , if you have an octopus to donate .
About our Octocam
The Octocam view is occasionally cloudy ( usually due to maintenance on the seawater systems ) or dark .
We sometimes darken the tank by covering it when the Visitor Center is closed to give the octopus time to rest .
If you can't see a clear image , please revisit us in a day or two .
In its day , the HTC Hero with its brand new Sense UI and browser with Flash Lite was a breakthrough , multitouch Android handset .
As such , it quickly became a big seller for HTC and the carriers that sold it .
Now one year later , owners of the GSM variant are still waiting for their chance at the latest Android 2.1 update .
As a harbinger of things to come ( we hope ) , the Hero 2.1 update just landed in HTC 's home country of Taiwan .
Unfortunately , this will likely be the last update Hero owners receive ... via official channels , anyway .
[ Thanks , Lee ]
WASHINGTON , June 8 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. debt will top $ 13.6 trillion this year and climb to an estimated $ 19.6 trillion by 2015 , according to a Treasury Department report to Congress .
The report that was sent to lawmakers Friday night with no fanfare said the ratio of debt to the gross domestic product would rise to 102 percent by 2015 from 93 percent this year .
“ The president ’s economic experts say a 1 percent increase in GDP can create almost 1 million jobs , and that 1 percent is what experts think we are losing because of the debt ’s massive drag on our economy , ” said Republican Representative Dave Camp , who publicized the report .
He was referring to recent testimony by University of Maryland Professor Carmen Reinhart to the bipartisan fiscal commission , which was created by President Barack Obama to recommend ways to reduce the deficit , which said debt topping 90 percent of GDP could slow economic growth .
The U.S. debt has grown rapidly with the economic downturn and government spending for the Wall Street bailout , the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and the economic stimulus .
The rising debt is contributing to voter unrest ahead of the November congressional elections in which Republicans hope to regain control of Congress .
The total U.S. debt includes obligations to the Social Security retirement program and other government trust funds .
The amount of debt held by investors , which include China and other countries as well as individuals and pension funds , will rise to an estimated $ 9.1 trillion this year from $ 7.5 trillion last year .
By 2015 the net public debt will rise to an estimated $ 14 trillion , with a ratio to GDP of 73 percent , the Treasury report said .
( Reporting by Donna Smith ; Editing by Kenneth Barry )
Direct links to the Facebook group via this Web site :
RSS feed for the Facebook group :
Google Map of the Facebook group :
In April of 2011 , I went looking on Facebook for an active community of people who were interested in cooking with cast iron pots and pans .
I did n't find any .
So I went and created my own Facebook community .
Over 100 people joined in the first two days of the group 's existence .
By October of 2011 we 'd surpassed 500 members ; while at the beginning of May 2012 we were over 2,100 !
I 've made some good friends on there in the past several months , and this group was the inspiration for me to make the journey to Ohio for the 2011 National Dutch Oven Gathering ( National DOG ) .
It had a lot of activity and collected over 2,900 " likes , " until I shut the page down in July of 2012 and began THIS " group " instead .
Why was the original page shut down ?
Facebook 's stupid " timeline . "
In March or so of 2012 , the Cast Iron Cooking page was forced to accept the " Timeline " setup .
That meant only ONE person , the moderator , could post pictures and text posts on the front of the page .
All other postings from everyone else were shuffled off to the " Posts By Others " section of the site .
I did not want that , and I resisted it for as long as I could .
From the beginning , I had wanted this to be a community where everyone could post pictures and messages equally , so that they could be seen and enjoyed by everyone .
Finally , in July of 2012 I decided there was no choice but to start over from scratch .
So I sent out a notice to everyone , and after two weeks I shut down the page and began this " group " instead , on July 10th , 2012 .
The new group took off like a shot , attracting 100 members in its first 24 hours of existence .
It seemed to grow exponentially and at an ever - increasing rate :
One year later , on July 10 , 2013 .
we were at 4,600 members and seeing more activity than nearly any other cooking group on Facebook .
But even this was only the beginning .
Immediately after the one year mark , Facebook began listing this group in its notices of " Recommended Groups " for everyone with an interest in cooking .
This resulted in a flood of new members , with people joining the group at a rate far greater than ever before .
The flurry of new activity made it necessary to select new moderators for the group , and we were fortunate to be joined by a group of folks who shared the original aim of the group .
That aim has always been simple : HAVE FUN cooking in cast iron – and NO POLITICS .
Why should we spend time and effort arguing over a subject as innocent as cooking ?
It 's certainly not religion or politics !
But the membership of the group continued to grow – so that as of January 2014 , only six months later , the group had reached a milestone of 25,000 members !
We even put together a YouTube video marking the continued growth of our group : Cast Iron Cooking : 20,000 members .
This was only one month before the group reached 25,000 !
This is a fine and friendly group of people who gather to cheer each other on , talk about their cast iron wares , and cook !
FAQ ( Frequently Asked Questions ) :
Well folks get used to these cause this is n't the only stupid idea coming to TV's , Marvel is signed up to bring us a Wolverine version and a Captain America version at least .
Who knows how many more characters we 'll see next .
PITTSBURGH , Pennsylvania – First stop : the spray gun that shoots out skin cells .
Next , the blind man who " sees " by using his tongue .
Finally , a shake of a marine 's transplanted hand .
The nation 's top military officer today took a look at some of the Pentagon 's wildest medical research projects .
But once the seemingly - sci - fi demonstrations at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center were over , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Admiral Mike Mullen voiced some concerns .
The technologies and techniques seemed promising .
But when would they be available , really , to help wounded veterans ?
And why did the corporal with the replacement hand have to rely on his girlfriend 's mom to find out about his revolutionary treatment ?
In 2008 , the Department of Defense and academia set aside $ 250 million to set up a consortium to fund bleeding - edge research into the science of rebuilding human muscle , tissue , and minds .
Today , that Armed Forces Institute of Regenerative Medicine ( AFIRM ) project is beginning to show results .
Whether those results will come in time for the tens of thousands of wounded veterans returning from Afghanistan and Iraq remains an open question .
" That 's the challenge you always have with research :
How do you get research to full production levels , " Mullen said .
" I 'm satisfied we can .
I 'm not satisfied we 're doing it rapidly enough .
And one of the things I take away from this trip is to go back and see if I can push from where I am to roll this out more rapidly . "
One of the researchers here , Dr. Douglas Kondziolka , mentioned it might be another decade before his treatment of transplanted brain cells might be widely available to troops who have suffered in war .
The research was proceeding methodically .
And approval for large - scale tests on human brains takes forever to obtain .
Mullen seemed less than enthused .
' " 10 years does n't satisfy any of us , " he later said .
Konziolka 's colleague Dr. Peter Rubin is using fat tissue and fat stem cells to reconstruct damaged faces ; the first of Rubin 's 20 trial patients underwent the procedure this month .
Dr. Donald Marinelli has built a custom
Wii game to test for traumatic brain injury .
Corporal Isaias Hernandez has regrown most of a blown - apart quadriceps , thanks to a biologic scaffold developed here .
He flexed it for the Admiral .
Dr. Alain Corcos took a silver rod , tipped with a glowing blue light .
He pointed the rod at an easel of white paper , and squirted it with a fine blue mist .
When the spray gun is loaded with a compressed air and solution of stem cells and epidermal progenitor cells , it can be used to assist the badly burned .
The cells start to divide , eventually covering and healing an area far greater that a traditional skin graft .
On one patient , a patch of spray - on skin the size of a postage stamp grew to repair an entire arm .
The military has identified 40 troops for future trials , and 40 more civilians have been picked , as well .
Even more striking was white - haired Clarence " Butch " Schultz , who last served in the Navy in the 1950s .
Since then , he lost sight in both of his eyes .
But a device under investigation here has enabled his brain to route around his damaged eyes .
The Brainport uses a digital video camera , housed on a pair of sunglasses , to collect visual data .
The data is transmitted to a handheld unit , which converts the data to electrical impulses .
Those impulses are then sent to an electrode array that 's placed on the tongue ( saliva is a great electrical conductor , and the tongue offers densely packed nerves to collect and transmit the impulses to the brain ) .
The device then converts the data to pixels – and allows Schulz to experience the world .
" I can actually see the difference between light and dark , between cement and black top , between the lawn and the driveway , " Schultz said .
With Mullen and his wife and staff watching , Schultz put down his cane .
He shuffled down a laboratory hallway , side - stepping a swivel - chair and a small garbage pail .
He 's planning a much longer walk this summer : a 1000 - mile trip to his home in Florida .
Mullen was then introduced to Corporal Josh Maloney , an Iraq veteran who lost his right hand during a training exercise in 2007 .
He tried a couple of different prosthetic limbs as replacements .
He could n't deal with any of them – " worthless , " he said .
A little more than a year ago , doctors here gave him a transplanted hand from a cadaver .
It 's a tricky operation that not only involves the connection of tissue , muscle , nerves , and bone .
It also means giving the patient an immunosuppressive cocktail , including cells from the donor 's bone marrow , so that the new limb wo n't be rejected by its new host .
In Maloney 's case , it worked .
" At eight months , I really started to get feeling [ in the hand ] .
At nine months , I was playing Playstation again .
Now I kick everyone 's butt , " he said .
But Maloney only found out about the Pentagon - backed effort to perform hand transplants through dumb luck .
His girlfriend 's mom worked at a hospital , and happened to pick up a brochure on the military 's new regenerative medicine push .
Otherwise , he 'd still have only one hand .
" It should n't be incumbent on patients to find health care , like we heard with Josh , " Mullen health and medicine aide Colonel Christian Macedonia said afterward .
And if military researchers can't figure out how to help large numbers of troops , those scientists may have trouble keeping their supply of Pentagon funds .
The Department of Defense bankrolls thousands of promising science and technology programs every year .
Most of them never make it beyond the lab .
During the Pentagon 's massive expansion after 9/11 , the military could afford to keep all those projects on the books .
Mullen said that might not be as possible in the years to come .
The Pentagon 's budget will inevitably shrink , as the America 's troops come home from Iraq and Afghanistan .
" So how do you protect what 's important in an incredibly difficult budget environment and a difficult political environment , especially when it 's stuff people do n’t quite understand yet ? " he asked .
No one answered .
– Noah Shachtman and Katie Drummond
[ Photos : Noah Shachtman , Specialist Chad J. McNeeley ]
However , despite the plush decor of his latest venture , and its delightful cocktail program from new bar manager David Kupchinsky ( rebounding from the loss of original partner Audrey Saunders ) , I 'm starting to wonder what the hell Peel is thinking .
Why ?
Because all but one item on the Guilded Hour menu were unpalatable , and the adult sophistication of the bar atmosphere blighted by two screaming young kids .
Whose kids ?
His .
Up until I recently went to Tar Pit to check out their just - launched Guilded Hour Happy Hour menu , I had n't a single doubt in my mind that Peel is one of L.A. 's culinary treasures .
After all , he 's the man behind the long - standing Campanile , the author of cookbooks , and this season made a valiant — but ultimately doomed — attempt for the title of Top Chef Masters top dog .
There are few happy hours that run seven days a week , which is what made Tar Pit a draw on a Sunday night .
Ahead of a later cocktail event , dressed up and looking for a light bite and a drink , the Guilded Hour 's 5 - 6:30 nightly time slot and menu of $ 2.50 - $ 5 " snacks " and $ 6 select cocktails seemed ideal .
Seated at the long , elegant bar in the soft - lit room , I ordered the Brown Derby ( Bourbon , honey , grapefruit ) one of the four Guilded Hour drinks .
A Tennessee Trilogy was the choice of my companion ( Tennessee Whiskey , Applejack , sugar , Orange Bitters ) , which meant we skipped the Bees Knees ( Gin , honey , lemon ) and the Weekly Apertivo , a selection that changes weekly .
What was it ?
I 'm not sure .
The bartender said the name quickly and seemed surprised when I had to ask her what was in it ; it would have been nice had she simply followed up the name with a full description when we asked what the Weekly Apertivo was instead of assume we were familiar with obscure and often original mixology .
In any event , the drinks were fantastic , and showcase the savvy of the Tar Pit cocktail program , which seems to be about simple , restrained , and un-muddied flavors with premium spirits at the forefront .
For $ 6 evening cocktails , the Tar Pit is a total win .
We ordered some food at the same time we ordered our drinks .
This is where Peel comes in , literally and figuratively .
Food is his turf at Tar Pit , so we 're assigning what can't be called anything but blame for its near - complete failure on him .
Also , during the incredibly long wait between order and service ( time enough to finish our strong drinks , sipping , not swilling ) is when Chef Peel himself , his wife , and two youngsters came into the place and took at seat at one of the low tables .
The Guilded Hour has a small snack menu of just four items , so we decided to try all of them .
At $ 5 each there 's Pickled Deviled Eggs with Shaved Prosciutto , Calamari with Lemon Wheels , Shallot Rings , Fried Parsley Rouille , and Mini Mac with Gruyere , Cheddar , Mozzarella , Parmesan , and for $ 2.50 a plate of French Fries with Spicy Lemon Salt , Garlic Aioli .
The Deviled Eggs , which for some reason come in the odd portioning of three halves , were sloppy , rubbery , messes Satan himself would scoff at .
The white had a chewiness that is most unwelcome in hard - boiled eggs , and seemed to have sat too long on ice or in a cooling water bath .
Even with the too - long wait between ordering and service , it seemed evident that the eggs had not been recently made .
The filling was oozing over the rims of the yellow - tinged hollows of white , and the garnishes provided little to no boost of flavor .
A plate of crispy fried calamari is something even a national chain can master , but Tar Pit 's plate was a heap of chewy disappointment .
The breading was of the right heft , but was soggy on the round o- shaped slices of calamari , and gritty on the tentacle pieces .
Do n't think to salvage the bite by dipping it in the red pepper aioli ; you 'll just coat the sad seafood in an even sadder mouthful of mayo flavored goop .
Bright spot on the plate :
Thinly sliced lemon , battered and fried .
Comfort classics do n't get any more cozy than mac and cheese .
It 's a national obsession , and when done right , a thing to revere .
We made the rookie mistake of ordering an individual " mini " crock each , only to come fork to mouth with what I believe is truly the worst mac and cheese I 've ever eaten .
Overstuffed in a cast iron crock was penne pasta in a scant dressing of flavorless cheese sauce .
Sauce , in fact , would be too generous a term -- like when it just starts to drizzle and you call it " rain . "
What made this worse was the fact that the top was baked , so you had a blanket of dry , almost - burnt crusty top blanketing a still - dry and wholly un-creamy cupful of pasta beneath .
When it did n't taste dry , it just tasted like , well ... penne pasta .
But it 's not all bad news .
The Tar Pit makes some pretty fantastic french fries .
Perfectly cooked and beautifully seasoned , the generous and cheap plate of starchy carbs comes with a tasty garlic aioli sauce for dipping .
Absolutely fabulous .
Nevermind that it does n't take culinary genius to slice potatoes into thin fingers and drop them in the deep fryer , mind you .
I would have thought the only thing worse than badly done happy hour bar food was badly done happy hour bar food in an elegant place .
But it turns out the next - worse thing is eating ( and paying for , no matter how bargain basement ) badly done happy hour bar food in an elegant place when the Chef and co-owner lets his children run around the place hollering .
" Well , it 's Sunday , " offered the bartender weakly .
" You know , family night , " she added , before disappearing and never being seen again .
" She went to have a little dinner , " the next bartender told us when we called her over to ask for the bill , with a hint of standoffish - ness .
After all , we had to get her attention with the help of Mrs.
Peel , with whom she was engrossed in conversation at the end of the bar , her back to all the customers .
It sure was inconsiderate of us to wonder where she took off to without explanation or to see if we needed anything before she signed off , considering we were sitting there with piles of uneaten food in front of us on pushed - away plates , and empty drink glasses waiting to pay up and go .
And it 's too bad our original bartender took off -- even with the uneven service between bar and kitchen , she 'd mixed a beautiful second drink for me using an unusual gin ( $ 12 ) and a refreshing homemade ginger beer for my companion ( $ 6 ) which added to the Guilded Hour drinks and the fries were the shining stars of the evening .
But Chef Peel -- I plead of you : Elevate the food , and leave the kids at home , otherwise you 're nowhere near creating the " supper club " vibe you 're going for .
Will I go back to Tar Pit ?
For the drinks , absolutely , whether it 's Happy Hour or not .
But I 'll go next door to Cube for food .
The Tar Pit is n't anywhere any grown up should be on an empty stomach .
It costs about $ 12 more per hour to employ a state or local government worker versus a private sector employee , the Labor Department said Wednesday .
Employers spent $ 39.81 per hour worked for state and local government workers in the first quarter compared to $ 27.73 per hour for those with private industry jobs .
The numbers are part of the Labor Department ’s quarterly series on employer costs for employee compensation and they wrap in wages and salaries as well as health benefits such as health insurance and retirement packages .
The largest share of the costs comes from wages and salaries for both sets of workers : 70.6 % for private employees and 65.9 % for government workers .
The rest of the payment comes in the form of benefits .
It costs state and local governments $ 3.16 per hour to pay for employees ’ retirement and savings plans , compared to 96 cents for private workers .
Another $ 4.52 goes to health insurance for public workers , compared to $ 2.08 for private workers .
And governments spend $ 3 per hour for its workers ’ paid leave , compared to $ 1.88 for private workers .
Meanwhile , a breakout of private workers showed that it cost more to employ union workers than nonunion employees .
Compensation for union workers cost $ 37.16 per hour compared to $ 26.67 for non-union workers .
Overall compensation of all civilian workers in the U.S. typically cost employers $ 29.71 per hour in the first quarter , compared to $ 29.39 per hour the same time a year ago .
Public employee compensation has come under the knife lately as strapped states and cities search for ways to cut costs and balance their budgets .
In New York , for example , Mayor Michael Bloomberg has said he ’ll freeze teacher salaries and in Memphis the highest - paid city employees are getting pay cuts .
Afghanistan may be sitting on mineral riches worth a trillion dollars , but analysts say digging up any newly - found wealth will be difficult because of the war , now in its ninth year .
US and Afghan officials say Afghanistan has significant quantities of metals such as iron , gold , copper , cobalt and lithium , which according to recent calculations could be worth at least $ 900 billion .
But Afghanistan faces a dilemma if it is sitting on a fortune , with some fearing the security risks could outweigh the financial rewards .
Paul Jordan , who served in the Australian Army 's Special Air Service regiment for a decade and is now the operations manager for Hart Security Australia , is familiar with the risks of operating in the war - torn country .
" Some areas you can access quite easily simply by establishing good arrangements with the various tribes , being advised into those areas and then forging on , " he said .
" Other areas are far more hostile . "
He sees several challenges for mining companies .
" Afghanistan is far from a democratic country , so it 's more of a conglomerate of tribes and tribal leaders running that particular country , " he said .
" The difficulties will be negotiating arrangements and having some continuity with those arrangements with those various tribal elders or tribal leaders , rather than assuming that Karzai can come up with a mining or resources policy for that country . "
But Mr Jordan says even establishing a relationship with local tribal groups can be risky .
" The danger of being invited in is that you set yourself up into a routine or a pattern , because people know where you 're going to be at a certain time , " he said .
" So the danger is there that 90 per cent of the local tribes might be good people but there might be one or two who might inform others and you might find yourself walking into an ambush or into a kidnapping situation .
So you do have to still be very cautious . "
It is a dangerous way to make a dollar .
But oil companies have been doing it for a while in unstable parts of the world .
" We 're pulling oil out of the ground in some quite high risk places in the world , but the first step with all those operations is that those mining companies would do a threat and risk assessment , " Mr Jordan said .
China and India have already bid for the right to develop mines in Afghanistan .
The Chinese have won a copper contract and an iron ore contract is due to be awarded later this year .
And Afghanistan could do with the money .
It depends on foreign aid to build schools and hospitals and to pay for guns and ammunition for its army to fight the Taliban .
Waheed Omar , a spokesman for Afghan president Hamid Karzai , says he hopes the newly - found mineral wealth will be a resource for Afghanistan .
" It 's very heartening that Afghanistan has a very bright future if the Afghan mineral resources are properly extracted , " he said .
Mohsin S Khan , director of the Middle East and Central Asia department of the International Monetary Fund , agrees .
" It could very well be that this country is not going to be dependant on the United States aid or foreign aid forever , " he said .
You can report it this way [ link ] there are probably other ways too but this might get you help asap - be sure to send them that link to your stolen art
If your breasts do n’t measure up – you just ca n’t be a “ proper ” woman .
If you thought such archaic attitudes had long since disappeared , think again : in a recent ruling , French authorities declared that before trans woman Delphine Ravisé - Giard could be classed as a woman , she needed to provide written evidence that she had undergone breast enhancement .
This appears to fly in the face of recent progressive moves in France to acknowledge that gender is a matter of personal identification rather than surgical procedure and organisations such as Trans Aide are now taking up the cudgels on behalf of Delphine .
The story starts in 2007 , when Ms Ravisé - Giard transitioned : she is a long - term and serving member of the French Air forces , as well as national co-ordinator for Trans Aide .
She takes hormones but speaking to PinkNews.
co.uk this morning , she explained that she does not see the question of her gender as being defined by whether or not she has had specific surgery either to augment her breasts or to modify her face .
To begin with , the French military was happy to recognise Delphine ’s gender , changing her name and gender status on all of her records in accordance with her new identity .
However , in order to finalise this change of status , she also needs official recognition from a French civil court .
This request was denied in August , 2009 , as it failed to meet French requirements that individuals must undergo sexual reassignment surgery in order to complete gender transition – and the French military had to reverse the changes already made to her records .
Delphine was officially male again .
Hopes were raised again in March of this year , when the Ministry of Justice ruled that sex reassignment surgery was not a prerequisite for recognition of a trans man or woman ’s gender .
In doing so , the ministry brought France into line with the position of the European Commission on Human Rights for the recognition and treatment of transgendered individuals .
In an official statement , the justice minister indicated that “ gender re-assignment surgery should not be required as a matter of course ” when the petitioner is able to prove that they are undergoing other treatments designed to bring about the appearance of a change of gender .
That should have been that – but on returning to court , Delphine suffered a further setback , this time at the hands of the Chief Prosecutor in Nancy .
As far as that court is concerned you need breasts to be a woman : and they need to be of a size and permanence that satisfies the French legal establishment to qualify .
PinkNews.co.uk spoke with Delphine today .
She said : “ The request is ridiculous but this is what the state demands .
I am satisfied with the progress I have made through hormones but as far as the state is concerned , unless I take steps to augment what I have now through surgery , I am not being serious about my gender change .
A friend of mine – who is perfectly well - endowed when it comes to breasts – is facing the same problem .
“ Of course , if the state applied the same test to cis [ non - trans ] women , it would have to redefine the gender of many French women .
But of course , this would never happen . ”
She added : ” What size breasts are required for a change in civil status ?
Will that breast size be established nationally by the Minister of Justice or will it be up to the personal tastes of individual attorneys ? ”
Jane Fae ’s blog can be found at janefae.wordpress.com
Mohenjo - daro , a ruined city in what is now Pakistan that contains the last traces of a 4,000 - year - old civilisation that flourished on the banks of the river Indus , today entered the modern history books after government meteorologists recorded a temperature of 53.7C ( 129 F ) .
Only Al ' Aziziyah , in Libya ( 57.8C in 1922 ) , Death valley in California ( 56.7 in 1913 ) and Tirat Zvi in Israel ( 53.9 in 1942 ) are thought to have been hotter .
Temperatures in the nearest town , Larkana , have been only slightly lower in the last week , with 53C recorded last Wednesday .
As the temperatures peaked , four people died , including a prisoner serving a life sentence for murder and an elderly woman .
Dozens are said to have fainted .
The extreme heat was exacerbated by chronic power cuts which have prevented people from using air - conditioning .
The electricity has cut out for eight hours each day as part of a severe load - shedding regime that has caused riots in other parts of Pakistan where cities are experiencing a severe heatwave with temperatures of between 43C and 47C .
" It 's very tough , " said M B Kalhoro , a local correspondent for Dawn.com , an online newspaper .
" When the power is out , people just stay indoors all the time . "
The blistering heat now engulfing Pakistan stretches to India where more than 1,000 people have reportedly died of heatstroke or heart attacks in the last two months .
Although Europe and China have experienced cooler than average winters , record or well - above average temperatures have been recorded in Tibet and Burma this year .
Southern Europe was yesterday rapidly warming after a particularly cool winter .
Thirteen provinces in southern Spain , including Andalucia , Murcia and the Canary islands , were put on " yellow alert " after meteorologists forecast temperatures rising to 38C ( 99 F ) in Cadiz , Córdoba , Jaén , Malaga and Seville .
According to the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association ( NOAA ) , the national climate monitoring service that measures global temperatures by satellite , 2010 is shaping up to be one of the hottest years on record .
The first four months were the hottest ever measured , with record spring temperatures in northern Africa , south Asia and Canada .
The global temperature for March was a record 13.5C ( 56.3 F ) and average ocean temperatures were also the hottest for any March since record - keeping began in 1880 .
As a result of high sea surface temperatures , the Atlantic hurricane season , which officially started today is now expected to be one of the most intense in years .
Last week NOAA predicted 14 to 23 named storms , including eight to 14 hurricanes , three to seven of which were likely to be " major " storms , with winds of at least 111 mph .
This is compared to an average six - month season of 11 named storms , six of which become hurricanes , two of them major .
On Sunday , scientists reported that Africa 's Lake Tanganyika , the second deepest freshwater lake in the world , is now at its warmest in 1,500 years , threatening the fishing industry on which several million lives depend .
The lake 's surface waters , at 26C ( 78.8 F ) , have reached temperatures that are " unprecedented since AD500 , " they reported in the journal Nature Geoscience .
Some scientists have suggested that the warming experienced around the world this year is strongly linked to warmer than usual currents in the Pacific Ocean , a regular phenomenon known as El Niño .
Others say that it is consistent with long - term climate change .
When the four - star general Stanley A McChrystal received an email asking if he might like to spend a month of his extremely busy life being trailed by a Kabul - based freelance journalist called Michael Hastings , he could have been forgiven for issuing a polite but firm reply to the effect that such a project would regrettably not dovetail with his already - packed schedule .
The General was , after all , in the middle of prosecuting the longest - running war in American history .
" I was expecting actually no access or perhaps , you know , one or two days or a 45 - minute interview , " Hastings recalled this week .
" Instead , the response was : ' Hey , why do n't you come over to Paris when we 're going on a Nato trip ?
You can join us in Paris next week , see the general , meet him , and then come to Kabul a few weeks after that to see him in the war zone . ' "
It 's impossible to know what exactly persuaded McCrystal 's press staff to invite Hastings into their inner sanctum , where he would be privy to a frat - boy atmosphere and culture of contempt for the White House which would ultimately this week force the General to resign from his job as commander of US forces in Afghanistan .
But two words on the journalist 's initial pitch appear to have tickled their fancy : Rolling Stone .
" They wanted to reach a different demographic than they had during the other profiles , " Hastings said this week .
" A number of young officers read Rolling Stone .
They figured they would reach an audience that they normally would n't reach . "
In making that fateful calculation , the general 's PR staff appear to have figured that they were setting up a journalistic hagiography which would see their boss lobbed softball questions by a star - struck pop journalist , before being showcased in the pages of fashionable music magazine alongside such glitzy celebrities as Lady GaGa and Russell Brand .
They were quite wrong , of course .
And their apparent surprise at the forensic tone of the article reveals a profound ignorance about the nature of Rolling Stone : it may look like a fluffy music magazine , but for more than 40 years it has also been a forum for serious , agenda - setting journalism in the lofty fields of politics and popular culture .
The article Hastings produced is part of a tradition of " long form " reportage which stretches back to the magazine 's earliest days , in which writers are instructed to spend long periods with their subjects , building a close relationship in order to gain access and insights that normal journalists would be unable to obtain .
" Some people have expressed surprise that the McChrystal piece appeared in Rolling Stone , " says Simon Dumenco , a media columnist for Advertising Age .
" But I would say that actually , it could only have appeared in that magazine , which is one of the few publications that still has a commitment to long - form journalism .
Reading the piece , you get the impression that its iconic stature in the pop-culture firmament is what gave Hastings access , and that McChrystal 's staff were seduced into being indiscreet in front of him , because they grew to feel comfortable with him and thought he worked for a magazine which might make them look cool . "
They certainly were n't the first people to make that misjudgement .
Rolling Stone 's most famous scribe was Hunter S Thompson , who joined the magazine shortly after it was founded , and who , in his devotion to " gonzo " reportage , would often spend weeks consuming drink and drugs with the very people he was supposed to be interviewing .
Thompson made waves with famous articles like " Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas " , together with his coverage of the presidency of Richard Nixon .
Another early staffer , Tom Wolfe , built his reputation on accounts of the early US space programme which would eventually become his book The Right Stuff .
Rolling Stone was founded in San Francisco in November 1967 , at the height of the counter - culture movement , by a university drop - out called Jann Wenner , who financed its earliest editions with the help of a $ 7,500 loan from his family .
" The spirit was that rock 'n ' roll was not merely music , but an expression of a new generation , " says Victor Navasky , the chairman of the Columbia Journalism Review .
" They stood for a revolutionary principle , mixed up with new - age spiritualism , and were interested in politics as well as music .
People presumed it was a music magazine , but it was far more than that . "
In the early years , Wenner cultivated an extraordinarily talented team to achieve his vision in the fortnightly publication , launching the careers of now - famous writers such as Joe Klein , PJ O'Rourke and Cameron Crowe , and a little - known photographer called Annie Leibovitz .
His magazine quickly grew , from being the in - house publication of the hippy movement to one of the most fashionable and prestigious titles in the US .
The band Dr Hook and the Medicine Show released a hit satirical song poking fun at the desire of supposedly reclusive musicians such as Bob Dylan to bare their souls in order to appear on its cover .
Wenner duly became extremely wealthy , able to add some of the greatest reporters of his era to his payroll , including a post - Watergate Carl Bernstein , who published a famous investigation into the CIAs ' monitoring of journalists .
He was also able to build a small stable of magazines including Men 's Journal and US Weekly .
Crucially , Wenner , who is now 64 and remains the title 's editor , has managed in recent years to keep the title true to its founding principles .
In an era when the attention spans of readers are said to be in terminal decline , Rolling Stone still boasts 1.4 million readers , almost all subscribers who pay just $ 30 ( £ 20 ) for two - year subscriptions .
Yet the title 's relatively highbrow nature and young demographic makes the title attractive to advertisers .
Though the magazine carries its share of fluff these days , its inner pages remain a sanctuary for in - depth reportage .
In recent years , it has invested heavily in Matt Taibbi 's award - winning coverage of the financial crisis .
While it has also begun to carry shorter pieces , its treatment of even the most over - exposed celebrities remains conspicuously intelligent .
From a financial point of view , Rolling Stone is also not saddled with the vast debts of other publications whose corporate owners have entered into ill - though - out merger and acquisition deals in recent decades .
And Wenner appears to be unconcerned by the fact that its traditional style of journalism is unsuited to the internet .
" At a moment in our culture when Newsweek is for sale , and the market for weekly , bi-weekly and monthly titles is supposed to be disappearing , it 's not accidental that it was a magazine that brought McChrystal down , " adds Navasky .
" This kind of journalism is what magazines should do .
It 's what they were made for . "
In an era where the business of serious newsgathering is widely held to be on life support , the big question is of course whether owners of other , threatened highbrow titles will now learn from Rolling Stone 's success .
Rolling Stone 's greatest hits
Archie Bland
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas ( 1971 )
No writer is more closely associated with the magazine than Hunter S Thompson , whose most famous work appeared as a serialisation after it was turned down by Sports Illustrated .
With Ralph Steadman 's unforgettable illustrations , it defined the " decade of dope " – and it is hard to imagine it in any other publication of similar stature .
The CIA and the Media ( 1977 )
After his Watergate exposé with Bob Woodward , Carl Bernstein was half of the most fêted journalistic duo in America when he joined Rolling Stone .
His seminal piece detailed how the CIA used a network of 400 journalists to exert influence in the media , a classically anti-establishment piece of investigative work that chimed perfectly with Rolling Stone 's style .
The Bonfire of the Vanities ( 1984 )
In desperate need of discipline for his sprawling planned novel , the longtime contributor Tom Wolfe agreed to publish it in fortnightly instalments .
Although he rewrote it significantly by the time it appeared in book form , the publicity that the episodes generated was a huge boon for Wolfe – to say nothing of the $ 200,000 that editor Jann Wenner paid him for the rights .
The Make - Believe Maverick ( 2008 )
Tim Dickinson 's profile of the Republican candidate John McCain before the last presidential election painted McCain as petulant and abusive , and detailed a particularly vile insult he was said to have aimed at his wife .
Great American Bubble Machine ( 2009 )
All hail Belgium .
Plucky little Belgium is now showing the way against the corporatist cardinals of Europe 's mother church .
On Monday this week the separatist New Flemish Alliance secured most seats in the Belgian assembly .
The party leader , Bart de Wever , favours " evolutionary evaporation " of the Belgian state and the emergence of Flanders as a freestanding member of the European Union .
Sooner or later , he will get his way .
In 1992 ( but on 1 April ) the Times published a front - page story pegged to a Belgian public service strike reporting a secret plan for Flanders to rejoin the Netherlands .
French - speaking Wallonia would go to France and Brussels become the independent capital of Europe .
An editorial remarked that " the dissolution of Belgium comes as a shock " , especially as a radio shutdown meant Belgians were " unable to check the date " .
The paper was inundated by enraged Belgians who , despite producing Magritte and Tintin , lacked a sense of humour .
The Times was 18 years ahead of itself .
The joke is coming to pass in the corridors of Brussels .
Belgium has been an artificial construct since its invention in 1830 .
Until recently the Flemish - speaking 6.5 million were dominated by the French - speaking four million in Wallonia .
The country never evolved the customary institutions of a unitary state , such as nationwide parties , a single language or a common media and political discourse .
Everything was north versus south .
Since the 1980s Flanders and Wallonia have been given ever more devolution , as has the French - speaking Brussels enclave within Flanders .
Each round has yielded a desire for more .
Over the past two decades Belgium has ceded to Flanders , Wallonia and Brussels services such as health , education , development , agriculture , even foreign trade treaties .
Only taxation and social security are national , and these are the proximate cause of Flemings ' anger , since their taxes pour south to finance Wallonia 's " social dependents " .
During the election Wallonia 's socialist leader , Elio di Rupo , ignored Europe 's economic crisis by calling for ever more transfers from Flanders , for higher state spending on health and pensions and for price controls on food .
Belgium is thus a microcosm of the EU , a treaty state in which political entities claim resources by territorial negotiation .
The result was inevitable .
Just as German taxpayers are finally fed up with subsidising Greek pensioners , so Flemings are fed up with subsidising Walloons .
In these circumstances Belgium 's elite has looked to supranational bodies such as Nato and the EU for its status , even as statehood disintegrates beneath its feet .
Despite being the battlefield for Europe 's wars throughout history , Belgians have no enemies other than themselves .
Why should they be expected to cohabit in coalitions that notoriously take months to form and weeks to collapse ?
However much Euro - enthusiasts wish it were otherwise , the craving for lower tier self - government refuses to die .
Indeed , it is booming .
In Scandinavia , Italy , Spain , even the UK , concession after concession is made to devolutionary sentiment .
It is made with a patronising nod at the parish - pump quaintness of separatist leaders , dubbed populist , extremist or right - wing , never just democratic .
To the Economist , de Wever is a " populist bruiser " .
To the Times , his success has " potentially disastrous implications " for Europe .
Similar language is used of the Italians ' Northern League , Scotland 's nationalists and Spain 's Catalans .
No one says why .
To modern Eurocrats , localists are merely below the salt .
Countries dissolve when the political logic that held them together dissolves .
There is no reason why an independent Flanders should not be as resilient as Slovakia , Slovenia , Ireland or the Baltic states .
Bigness is no guarantee of prosperity , usually the opposite .
Big statism is a hangover from 20th - century imperialism and the needs of perpetual war .
It is now claimed for globalisation , but as that draws power away from democratic institutions , so the self - governing urge claws it back .
The crisis in the euro was the widely predicted result of the EU 's leaders running faster economically than they could ever walk politically .
At first they thought they could even out the performance of nations by transferring huge sums from rich to poor .
This infuriated the rich and enslaved the poor in dependency .
The move from what was a free - trade union to what is touted as a " fiscal - transfer union " has gone beyond what is tolerable to the disparate European electorates who must foot the bill .
The euro saga is Belgium times 10 .
The European movement now mimics the Roman Catholic church in the 16th century .
Its popes and cardinals , in perpetual conclave , fear Protestant dissent on all sides yet do nothing but reassert the dogma of ever - closer union and demand that everyone works for a " better Europe " .
Rebellious provinces must be suppressed .
Any move to democratic referendum , such as in 2005 , must be ignored .
Top - down edicts pour forth and cash is lavished on subordinate governments .
Should a Verdian Don Carlos emerge " to defend the glorious cause of Flanders " , he must be wiped out by the Inquisition or ridiculed by the press .
The best analysis of this phenomenon remains Larry Siedentop 's Democracy in Europe , which argued , in 2000 , that the union was doomed without a legitimacy beyond the synthetic nonsense of the European parliament .
Language , geography , history , kinship and customs of consent had to be recognised as the building blocks of a new democracy .
Siedentop called for English as the common European language , the evolution of a collective political class , more respect for localism and a European senate .
It was not enough to consign national and sub-national identities to a department of minority languages , funny clothes , country dancing and cheese .
The one thing Siedentop did not contemplate , writing still in the 20th century , was that the major premise of his analysis might simply be rejected by Europe 's peoples .
They might no longer regard it as essential to their security and prosperity to enter a union to finance the spendthrift welfare of Greece and Spain .
A new generation might not see the corruption of Brussels as " a price worth paying " to avoid a third world war .
Flanders might simply want to rule itself .
Since the debacle of the Lisbon referendums , Euro - pluralism has emerged as proof against ever closer union .
The Single European
Act of 1986 appears to have been a sort of psychological boundary , beyond which political unity should not have strayed .
Go too far , as did the Lisbon treaty , and the threads would snap .
Europe would lose touch with its component countries , and they would lose touch with their subnational identities .
In extremis , they would face break - up , as have Spain , Austria and now Belgium .
The history of enforced European union has , after all , been a long parade of catastrophic dictatorship .
When a country – let alone a continent – lacks the bonds of a collective nationhood it is no longer a country , merely a state .
Nations forged in war do not necessarily survive peace .
Belgium may retain the trappings of sovereignty , a monarch , an army , a customs union and ( perhaps ) a football team .
But taxes and cross-subsidies will only be acceptable within self - governing communities with a shared sense of co-responsibility , not across whole continents .
Ignoring this maxim is what is sorely testing the eurozone and is breaking Belgium .
Nor should the UK think itself immune .
Devolution everywhere is a political one - way ticket .
After Flanders , Scotland .
You ’ve probably been hearing a lot lately about how Flash is a dying technology and how it ’ll soon be replaced by HTML5 .
Personally , I think that it will slowly replace Flash for some things , but Flash will always have a place , especially for developing complex games and rich internet applications .
If you ’ve yet to see what HTML5 can do , I ’ve rounded up 10 demos that show off some of its capabilities .
So what do you think – will HTML5 replace Flash ?
Five children have suffocated in a village in eastern Pakistan after locking themselves in a parked car .
A family was taking an afternoon nap in their house in Wahndu village about 65 kilometres north of Lahore when its five children - aged between two - and six - years - old - sneaked into their uncle 's car and locked themselves in .
Local police chief Samiullah Khan says the children were found unconscious after the family sent a teenaged boy to look for them .
" The children were pronounced dead at the hospital , " he said .
" They died of suffocation as they could not unlock the car or slide down the windows . "
Parents have told the police that it was an accident and there will be no further investigation .
- AFP
Conservatives bash Comedy Central 's Jesus show
Bad -boy network Comedy Central , which has been looking more like a milksop in a little Lord Fauntleroy suit since it censoring episodes of " South Park " last April , got a much - needed jolt of cred restoration Thursday when some conservative leaders got their panties in such a bunch about a new show it has in development they staged a news conference .
The project , " JC " may never make it to the network 's lineup , but the coalition of media watchdog groups have formed the Citizens Against Religious Bigotry ( CARB ) in response to the script that has been ordered and which none of them have read .
The coalition includes the Media Research Center , radio talk show host Michael Medved , the Family Research Council , the Catholic League , the Parents Television Council , and the American Alliance of Jews and Christians .
Back in late April , Viacom - owned Comedy Central censored the 200th and 201st episode of its animated show " South Park " to take out all references to Muhammad after a radical Muslim group warned that the show 's creators could wind up dead for the portrayal .
Among the things censored was a speech about intimidation and fear , also blackened out with a bar was an image you supposed to think was Muhammad hiding out in a bear costume but which turned out to be Santa Claus .
Comedy Central censored it anyway .
Two short weeks later , Comedy Central told advertisers it had ordered a script from which , if it liked the results , it might develop a half - hour animated show " about JC ( Jesus Christ ) wanting to escape his father 's enormous shadow and to live life in NYC as a regular guy .
A lot has changed in 2000 years and he is the ultimate fish out of water .
Meanwhile his all - powerful yet apathetic father would rather be playing video games than listening to JC recount his life in the city .
' JC ' is a playful take on religion and society with a sprinkle of dumb . "
" This animated show is designed to mock and ... ridicule and ... be offensive to Christians , " Media Research Center president Brent Bozell told reporters on the call .
" At this point we say ' Enough is enough ! '
We know they 're jumping up and down with glee , feeling they 're getting all sorts of publicity because of our efforts , " Bozell said of Comedy Central with what we suspect is perfect accuracy .
" But we 're not going to remain silent on this issue any more ! " he added .
Because there is no footage of the actual show , CARB made a four - minute video mash - up , a sort of Comedy Central Lack of Respect for Christianity Hall of Fame .
The video included : a cartoon pope shoving a man off a boat when he begins to talk about Scientology ; Sarah Silverman having sex with god , a cartoon Buddha accusing Jesus of watching internet porn ; a cartoon Jesus being stabbed in the neck with a knife ; a cartoon Jesus slicking the pope in half with a ninja star after declaring , " One man can not be the voice of the church " ; cartoon Jesus defecating on an image of George W. Bush ; and a cartoon Virgin Mary menstruating .
" This should give you a good flavor of why we are so outraged , " Bozell said of the show that has yet to be made after directing the reporters to CARB 's web site to watch the video .
They 've sent letters to more than 250 advertisers asking them to state they will not advertise on the show they have yet to see .
In mid June , the coalition will release the names of the advertisers who have declared they will not sponsor a show they have not seen , Bozell said .
Each man on the CARB panel got his turn at the microphone .
It was one of those long - ish phone news conference calls :
" The first point is the question of double standard which is patently obvious , " Medved said in re the censorship of " South Park " after the " warnings " of violence .
" Do Christians get punished because they are n't crazy , because their religion does n't encourage ... acts of violence ? "
Medved fomented .
" Try to imagine this was n't called ' JC ' imagine it was called ' The Big Mo ' and was all about Muhammad , and maybe move Muhammad to New York and he's a camel driver , and all of a sudden he goes , not into a cave as he did outside Mecca , but into a basement in a building and an angel was dictating words to him , and he marries a nine year old . "
" Let 's say someone was preparing a cartoon called ' The Greedy Goldberg ' and recycled ... all the ancient and disgusting stereotypes , " Medved continued , on a roll .
" The hooked nose ... the greedy banker ... and worshipping a cruel , funny , stupid religion . "
We 'll leave Medved and his show pitch meeting with himself , and move on to Bill Donohue , president of the Catholic League :
" I think they 're doing this as a trial balloon to see what the reaction will be , " he said .
" I do n't get involved in boycotts unless I think I can win , " Donohue boasted , reminding reporters about that time in 2006 when he and Bozell got together to tell NBC suits that if it aired the mock - crucifixion that was part of Madonna 's concert tour they would choose one sponsor from that broadcast and launch a boycott of that advertiser .
" I like the sniper approach , " Donahue continued .
" I like to pick them off , one by one .
You ca n't boycott against 10 or 15 or 100 sponsors , but you can one - by - one . "
" To exclude to only Islam " from your comedy " is a sort of pathetic amalgam of hypocrisy and cowardice " chimed in Rabbi Daniel Lapin , president of The American Alliance of Jews and Christians .
Claims on the network 's part that they stand up against censorship " lose all credibility " he said of the cable network .
Tim Winter , president of the Parents Television Council , used the occasion to protest the lack of a la carte cable choices for viewers .
" It 's unconscionable we 're forced to purchase cable channels we do n't want , do n't ' watch , and may find offensive , " he said .
Viacom , he noted , requires viewers to purchase Comedy Central , MTV , BET and Spike , in order to get Nickelodeon , all of which Viacom owns .
" Comedy Central has the right to offend me .
They do not have the right to force me to pay them to offend me . "
This phone call , and CARB members , were getting very off - message .
Bozell jumped back in to wrangle them back into line , informing the reporters in the strongest possible terms that CARB is not , repeat not , organizing a boycott of the network , or of Viacom which also makes movies .
" The purpose of this coalition is to make contact with the ad community .
I do n't think at the end of the day there is a need for a boycott . "
Comedy Central is confusing " Christian civility for weakness , " chimed in Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , who arrived a little late to the call .
He acknowledged that most of those who are concerned about " this type of open mockery probably do n't watch Comedy Central . "
Bingo .
China : Honda strike sends shudder through financial circles
By John Chan
1 June 2010
A strike by 1,900 workers at the Honda Motors transmission plant in southern China paralysed production for almost two weeks and raised concerns in international financial circles about the prospect for wider unrest .
Although workers yesterday agreed to return to work following government threats and a pay rise , the strike has highlighted the degree to which global capital has become dependent on China as a cheap labour platform .
The strike erupted in the Honda Automotive Components Manufacturing factory at Foshan in the southern province of Guangdong on May 17 .
Workers who earn just 900 - 1,500 yuan ( US $ 130 - $ 220 ) a month — a little higher than the local minimum wage of 920 yuan — demanded an increase to 2,000 - 2,500 yuan .
Management promised to address the issue and the strike was halted .
However , when workers found out that the pay rises would fall far short of their expectations and that strike leaders would be fired , a second strike erupted on May 23 , forcing Honda to suspend production at its four assembly plants in China last week .
The strike threatened Honda ’s plans to boost output by one - third , to 480,000 vehicles , by the end of 2011 .
Honda management rejected the demands on strikers and insisted workers had to sign a no - strike pledge .
A note distributed last Thursday to workers at the plant stated that they “ absolutely will not lead , organise or participate in work slowdown , stoppages or strikes . ”
Many workers refused .
Speaking to the Financial Times , workers were particularly disgusted with the role of the state - controlled All China Federation of Trade Unions ( ACFTU ) , which put itself forward as a mediator but openly sided with management and the government .
“ The official union leaders are useless and support management , ” one worker told the newspaper .
In recent years , the ACFTU , with government backing , has expanded aggressively in foreign enterprises as a means of suppressing unrest among workers .
Far from representing the interests of workers , the ACFTU acts as an instrument of the government and management .
A union official at the Honda plant ’s ACFTU office disowned the striking workers , saying they “ have organised this [ strike ] themselves ” .
Honda operates joint - ventures in China with the Dongfeng Motor Corporation , which is controlled by the central government , and the Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group .
These state firms are listed on the stock markets and have joint ventures with other Japanese and Western automakers .
Honda attempted to split the strikers by putting pressure on school interns , who made up more than half the workforce .
The government , which allows companies to employ students as a source of cheap labour , ordered schools to force their interns to sign the no-strike letter .
Honda offered the interns a monthly pay rise of 400 yuan if they did .
According to the South China Morning Post , about 200 interns from Guangdong were bused to Tao Yuan Secondary on May 29 to sign the note .
An intern from Qingyuan Vocational Technical School said nearly 30 of his 40 classmates had signed the letter , but he refused .
The headmaster told him that the strike “ has badly affected our national image and has ruined ties between China and Japan ” .
The student was warned that he would receive no school certificates and “ that those involved in social unrest would be sent to the public security department as punishment ” .
By yesterday , most workers accepted the company ’s offer to increase starting salaries by 336 yuan ( $ 49 ) a month — far less than had been demanded .
Tensions at the factory gates were high and scuffles broke out with union officials , some of whom were attempting to video strikers .
The South China Morning
Post reported that workers said they had been surrounded at one point by 200 union officials and beaten .
Riot police were deployed to oversee the resumption of work .
The strike is a sign of sharpening class tensions in China amid the worsening global economic crisis .
While China ’s economic growth rate continues to be high , propped up by huge stimulus spending , the gulf between rich and poor is widening .
Last year there were 98,568 labour disputes filed in Chinese courts , up 59 percent on the previous year .
Most disputes , however , were not reported .
Industrial action is semi-illegal in China .
The right to strike was removed from the constitution in 1982 as the Chinese Communist Party regime implemented a pro-market agenda .
The flood of foreign investment expanded after the Tiananmen Square massacre in 1989 , which demonstrated that the government would not hesitate to crack down on the working class .
The police are frequently mobilised to suppress protests , including strikes .
In the case of the Honda strike , the government was reluctant to use brute force against the workers , because of mounting public anger over sweatshop conditions and the danger of triggering wider industrial action in the key auto industry .
The auto giants are planning major expansions in China , which has become a crucial commercial battleground .
Volkswagen , a leading auto seller in China , plans a massive base in Foshan by 2013 , with an annual capacity of 300,000 cars .
Honda ’s aim is to reach an annual output of 830,000 vehicles , from the current 650,000 , by late 2012 .
Honda CEO Takanobu
Ito declared that in 10 years , China “ may become the company ’s largest single market ” .
This expansion is dependent on consumer subsidies , which were part of the government ’s stimulus package .
China ’s auto sales jumped by 40 percent last year .
A small layer of the middle class is now able to afford a car , but this remains a dream for the majority of workers .
Auto wages rose by just 9.1 percent last year to an average hourly rate of $ 1.46 .
The Honda strike has sparked international headlines , particularly in the financial press .
The coverage reflects concerns that labour unrest could seriously disrupt global production processes , which rely heavily on China ’s cheap labour .
Any political crisis in China would only compound the growing financial instability being fuelled by the European debt crisis .
A New York Times article said the significance of the strike at Honda was that “ transmission factories are the most expensive auto plants of all to build , because they are huge and highly automated ” .
As a result , “ Automakers tend to put transmission factories only in the most politically stable and strike - free countries , because a shutdown for even a day is costly .
Until now , China was seen as a safe bet . ”
The New York Times expressed fears that Chinese workers would follow the example of the sit - down strikes by American auto workers in the 1930s , causing a domino effect throughout the Chinese auto industry , including in General Motors plants .
General Motors is the largest foreign - owned car company in China , with sales jumping by 66.9 percent last year to 1.83 million .
Social tensions in China have been further highlighted by the spate of suicides at the giant Foxconn factory in Shenzhen which employs 400,000 workers .
Foxconn is the world ’s largest outsourcing electronic manufacturer , producing goods for corporations such as Apple and Dell .
Details of the huge plant and dormitories , which are more like a small Chinese city than a factory , have provided a graphic insight into the harsh military - style labour regime , constant stress and alienation that is the lot of tens of millions of workers in China .
The publicity surrounding the Honda strike and Foxconn suicides has forced Chinese officials to promise to end “ sweatshop ” conditions in China .
The reality , however , is that the Chinese economy and , to a large extent the global economy , rests on the low - wage production in China .
The reverberations from the strike by a relatively small number of Honda workers are just an indication of the political and economic ramifications of any broader upheaval of the Chinese working class .
Quote
Back to my question to you , if Mr X had said yes we can supply that intermediate and cost will be ~ $ 10 k depending on the amount you wanted would you have been able to sign off on that kind of expenditure ?
That is not the issue .
The professional response to a customer enquiry is to supply a quote for the services and / or politely inform the customer that you cannot provide the service under the terms requested .
You do n't abruptly tell them to do it themselves , this is terrible customer service and OC Pro is right that FlowSyn should complain to someone higher up .
Companies rely on good customer service and if there is some idiot screwing things up for them , they should know .
The reply to FlowSyn should have gone either : Dear Dr FlowSyn , " Thank you for your enquiry .
Unfortunately , we are unable to supply the intermediate you requested in quantities of under 20 kg at this time .
" etc , etcand / or" We are able to supply this intermediate .
As a rough estimate , we could possibly supply 5 kg for $ 20,000 though this is not a final quote and should not be treated as such .
If you think this will suit your needs , please contact us for a detailed estimate .
For laboratory scale work , we would suggest a Heck reaction on 1 - PG imidazole .
Thank you etc etc" This reply would have left FlowSyn feeling happy with the service s/ he 'd received and more likely to go back to them in the future — everyone 's a winner .
When we drool over soccer players ' bodies , are those of us who critique the objectification of women 's bodies being hypocrites ?
No .
And here 's why .
Advertisement
Mostly , our # shamelessobjectification posts celebrating soccer players ' bodies — the abdominals , the thighs , the man-love , the thighs — are being met in the spirit in which they are intended : a fun , randy way to participate ( one of many ) in the global collective experience that is the World Cup .
But there have been some understandable concerns with which I 've got to disagree .
Here 's the gist :
If the World Cup featured women , and Gawker were to post Breast Moments as a way to laud legitimate feats of athleticism , we'd be pissed about the objectification .
This is not any different .
Advertisement
Yeah , we'd be pissed about it .
But it 's not the same .
Here 's why :
1 ) Context matters .
In our current universe , men do not have trouble being taken seriously based on their looks or perceived sexiness , nor is their worth in society primarily judged by them .
Our drooling over Benny Feilhaber is n't just a drop in the bucket — it also wo n't contribute to the overall oppression of men , soccer playing or otherwise .
They will not be told their primary value is based on whether women want to fuck them .
They will not be paid less on the dollar or subject to violence in representation or acts .
They will not be treated like meat or chattel .
Period .
2 ) These guys are healthy and at the peak of fitness .
The culture at large is celebrating these men's bodies for their skill , agility , and strength — achieved partly through genetic blessing , yes , but also through training and hard work .
It 's true that this is setting up an ideal that most men cannot and do not achieve , but as ideals go , one achieved through activity and , it seems , fun is n't so bad .
And presumably no unhealthy starvation or surgical enhancements were involved .
3 ) At the World Cup and elsewhere , ogling knows no borders .
The other day , a reader remarked on a photo of a North Korean player that it was rare in Western culture to see an Asian man celebrated as being sexy .
Other objects of our admiration have come from every continent .
Even though they share certain body traits based on their training , these guys come in all colors and facial features and national origins — just as hotness does .
Advertisement
4 ) They 're having fun doing what they love .
This needs little explanation .
No sexyface , no corpse - like poses , just spontaneous shirt - shedding and teammate grabbing .
5 ) Women also like to look .
Everyone keeps telling us that women are n't visually stimulated and are cuddly balls of empathy and need a narrative .
I suggest they check out some of the comment threads on # shamelessobjectification .
There is something liberating about a woman expressing her pleasure in looking at a man 's body as she sees fit .
Advertisement
That pleasure can make some people uncomfortable .
One reader wrote about watching a match at the gym : " The men routinely spend their time ogling ( and yes I do mean ogling , they make now bones about it ) women in the fitness magazines .
However these same men were distinctly uncomfortable and put out that we women were cheering and enjoying the Greek footballers taking off their shirts .
Double standards ?
I think so . " I do too .
True , we are n't covering the matches themselves , but that 's just not our raison d'etre ( nor do we have any die - hards on staff ) but you 're free to do so on #groupthink , or check out our friends at Kickette or Deadspin .
We hear you on the respectful request for some gay - lady - friendly objectification .
Let 's talk at the Women 's World Cup next year .
Advertisement
In the meantime , no matter who you 're cheering for , I think this is something we can all get behind .
Earlier : Shameless Objectification
With special thanks to Cristiano Ronaldo , Benny Feilhaber , and every other guy on the pitch .
Viper Strike Being Added To KC - 130J Arsenal
by Staff Writers
Huntsville AL ( SPX ) Jun 03 , 2010
The U.S. Marine Corps Harvest
Hawk aircraft will soon be equipped with Northrop Grumman - built Viper Strike stand - off precision guided munition as part of an effort under way to bring greater utility to the Marines ' KC - 130J refueling and cargo aircraft .
Under the terms of the contract , Northrop Grumman will deliver 65 Viper Strike munitions beginning this year to the Joint Attack Munition Systems Project Office within the Program Executive Office Missiles and Space at Redstone Arsenal for eventual integration onto the KC - 130J platform .
Viper Strike is a gliding munition capable of precision attack from extended stand - off ranges using GPS - aided navigation and a semi-active laser seeker .
Its small size , precision and high agility provide a very low collateral damage weapon that can be used in the difficult operational environments where U.S. troops may be deployed .
" In today 's irregular warfare environment , Viper Strike provides the right characteristics needed to support our warfighters in the current fight - high precision and agility to hit targets in complex terrain and with very low collateral damage , " said Steve Considine , programs director , Aviation and Weapons for Northrop Grumman 's Land and Self - Protection Systems Division .
" The KC - 103J represents the latest military airborne asset to be equipped with Viper Strike 's formidable capabilities . "
The tech press loves checklist comparisons .
Let ’s evaluate the iPhone to see whether it ’s a good product :
Sounds like a terrible product .
I bet it will fail .
Remember the MacBook Air ’s launch ?
Sounds like there ’s no reason to buy one .
( Like nearly everyone else , I complained about all of this when the Air launched .
We all do it sometimes . )
But it ’s been very successful , especially in its later revisions , and the SSD models are great machines for people who travel a lot .
So it bothers me when either of two common failures occur .
Assumed equality
This is when a competitor advertises ( and often , truly believes ) that their product is at least equivalent to another one because it has checkboxes in many similar categories .
Since the iPhone ’s launch , every other phone manufacturer has made competing phones with 3 ” touchscreens , music playback , and square app icons arranged in a 4x4 grid .
( Well , except Microsoft ’s hilarious interpretation . )
It ’s as if the product managers commanded their engineering teams to come up with lists of the iPhone ’s “ features ” and copy them so their phones would sell as well as the iPhone .
Every few months , the copy - list gets longer .
Everyone just finished checking off their App Store box and is wondering when the developers are going to rush in .
Miscomparison
This happens when a geek or manager makes a list of features to compare two products and comes to an oversimplified conclusion based on which one has more checkmarks in its column .
The main problem is obvious : how do you determine which features go on the list ?
It ca n’t possibly be exhaustive enough to represent the entire experience of using the products , and it wo n’t be the same list for everyone .
Here ’s why I decided not to use a Nexus One ( or any other Android phone ) :
The Nexus One may be the better choice for people who care about what it does well , like synchronizing with Google ’s services .
But I do n’t care about those things , and I do care about a lot of factors that the iPhone is a better fit for .
It would be ignorant and arrogant for me to presume that your priorities are anything like mine .
By Ken Harvey
There is no evidence for homeopathy yet medical insurance companies – subsidised by the government – are extending their cover due to client demand , and health authorities lack the power to act on misleading claims .
Homeopathy has been in the news of late .
Earlier this year , a homeopath and his wife were found guilty of manslaughter after their baby daughter died when they treated her severe eczema with homeopathic remedies rather than conventional medicines .
More recently an Australian homeopath claimed that homeopathic immunisation was effective against polio , meningococcal disease , cholera , whooping cough and other serious diseases .
The Therapeutic Goods Administration ’s ( TGA ) Complaints Resolution Panel agreed that these claims breached numerous sections of the Therapeutic Goods Advertising Code , including promotion of a treatment for which there was no evidence of efficacy .
The homeopath was asked to publish a retraction and withdraw misleading information but she refused , arguing that she believed there was sufficient evidence to back up her claims .
Homeopathy was conceived more than 200 years ago by the German physician Samuel Hahnemann .
He proposed that disease was a dysfunction of the body ’s ability to cure itself , and that administering a diluted form of a toxic substance might provide the stimulus that the body needed to begin to heal itself .
In order to find homeopathic treatments , Hahnemann tested herbs and minerals in healthy people to see what reaction occurred .
If a substance caused fever then that substance was noted as a treatment for conditions involving fever .
Hahnemann also believed that the more dilute the substance , the more potent effect it had against a given disease .
Thus the preparation of a homeopathic product involves a step - wise dilution process along with vigorous shaking .
Homeopaths believe that this process leaves behind the essence of the original compound in the water .
However , the theories and principles underpinning homeopathy are not supported by modern pharmacology , chemistry and physics ( see p.7 ) .
Most homeopathic preparations are so dilute that they have little or no active ingredient , and it is unlikely that these preparations have any pharmacological effect .
While some homeopathic studies of low methodological quality have found benefits , analyses of higher quality trials generally show that homeopathy treatments are no more effective than a placebo .
The World Health Organisation does not recommend homeopathy for the treatment of serious diseases .
Since most homeopathic preparations contain little or no active ingredient , they are unlikely to directly cause harm .
However , if patients seek homeopathic remedies for the prevention or treatment of serious diseases then the results can be deadly .
In the United Kingdom , the House of Commons Science and Technology Committee recently concluded that the UK health service should cease funding homeopathy because “ homeopathic products perform no better than placebos ” .
Despite the conclusions of these reputable bodies , homeopathic treatments are reimbursed by many private health insurance companies at a time when premiums are consistently rising faster than the consumer price index .
As a result many people , especially those retired on fixed incomes , have great difficulty maintaining their private health insurance cover .
I am concerned that private health insurance premiums are higher than they need to be because the insurers involved fund alternative therapies that lack an evidence base , such as homeopathy , reflexology and iridology .
Indeed , Medibank Private has told me that it is extending its cover for homeopathy this month because of client demand .
As the government substantially subsidises private health insurance , this means that all taxpayers are contributing to therapies that lack evidence of their effectiveness .
Because homeopathic medicines have been regarded as low risk , both the medicines and practitioners have been largely exempt from government regulation .
While any claims made for homeopathic medicines are subject to the Therapeutic Goods Advertising Code , the Complaints Resolution Panel that administers the Code has no power to enforce its determinations .
The end result is that around one - third of those found to breach the rules fail to publish retractions or withdraw misleading material .
This issue has now been raised with two Parliamentary Secretaries in the Rudd government .
Each has promised action but so far nothing has eventuated .
The Rudd government needs to stand up to the alt - med lobby and give the TGA real teeth .
Email WhatsApp 63 Shares
By Sean McDaniel : Undefeated Floyd Mayweather Jr. ( 41 - 0 , 25 KO’s ) shockingly announced that he plans on taking a couple of years off from boxing in a June 2nd YouTube video taken of him in Las Vegas while visiting a cancer patient .
Mayweather , 33 , repeatedly said during the interview that he plans on taking a couple of years off from boxing .
Initially , Mayweather was saying he taking “ a year or two ” off from boxing .
However , as the interview progressed , Mayweather changed it to a “ couple of years ” away from the sport .
This is what Mayweather had to say : “ I ’m taking a couple of years off away from the sport of boxing .
I do n’t know what the future holds for Mayweather this time particular time but I ’ll probably take a couple of years off .
Like I said before , I ’m going to take a couple of years off .
Our main focus now is the Floyd Mayweather Jr. foundation .
It ’s about giving back . ”
It ’s unclear whether Mayweather really meant what he was saying or if he was just saying this because he was taking part in visiting a cancer patient at the time .
But it does remind me a lot of how when things went bad for Mayweather during his negotiations for a rematch with Oscar De La Hoya in 2008 , Mayweather simply decided to retire for two years rather than take less than what he felt he deserved in the negotiations .
Could that be the reason why Mayweather might choose to retire now ?
It could be .
It would be his way of showing passive aggression by picking up his cards and moving off into the sunset and thus not allowing Manny Pacquiao and his promotional team Top Rank the privilege of fighting him .
If this was another fighter , I might just ignore this and see it as a meaningless bluff .
However , since Mayweather has done this in the past when not happy with the De La Hoya rematch negotiations , I have to say Mayweather could be very serious about this and basically moving on and forgetting the Pacquiao fight altogether .
There ’s little chance that the 31 - year - old Pacquiao will wait for Mayweather for two years , as Pacquiao is planning on retiring after one or two more fights to start his career in politics in the Philippines .
Although technically it probably would n’t be much of a problem for Pacquiao , because in two years Pacquiao will be 33 , the same age as Mayweather is now , but it ’s doubtful that Pacquiao will want to continue fighting for that much longer just to get a shot against Mayweather .
I do n’t blame Mayweather for wanting to step away from boxing right now .
He just made $ 40 million for his impressive win over Shane Mosley on May 1st , does n’t need any more money and probably is n’t interested in fighting unless it ’s on his terms .
In negotiating with a star like Pacquiao , it ’s doubtful that Mayweather would ever be 100 % happy with the terms because Pacquiao is about as famous as him .
Mayweather would have to be willing to accept a 50 - 50 deal or something close to that and would have to be willing to deal with Pacquiao having a cut off for the blood testing .
New Twist : an origami expert in Taiwan , who goes by the moniker " Ponder " , has modified the Origami Hang Glider design .
My friend Phil Rossoni in Boston made it and thinks it's an improvement over the original .
As Phil wrote , " I think the new design by Ponder does bring some origami expertise to the old hang glider design .
I think the transition from mountain to valley folds couples the elevon to the airfoil folds such that if either flexes the other is strengthened .
So if the glider stresses it would fly slower as the flexing in the airfoil would translate into an increase in the elevon angle and slow the glider down . "
You can see the links to Ponder 's pages , some pictures and YouTube flights
Phil did with the design , here .
And check out the rest of Phil 's site and his book about walkalong gliders .
EZR Origami Hang Glider Pattern ( PDF )
If you would rather start paper walkalong gliding with an easier to build project , try the tumblewing instead .
( Foam walkalong gliding is much easier )
Part1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
It is not clear in the video , but the center of gravity marks are only starting points .
You can add tape if it stalls or cut off tape if it dives .
Part 5
How Origami Hang Glider Flies
Here is a video that shows how our origami hand glider flies using the same principle as big hang gliders .
Detailed Hubble images reveal a single supermassive black hole wandering away from its host galaxy 's center where it belongs .
The misplaced black hole is probably the result of a merger between two smaller black holes , but could also have been pushed by a jet of matter extending from the galaxy 's core .
Nearly every galaxy has a supermassive black hole – millions to billions of times more massive than our sun – nestled in its center .
Astronomers think galaxies frequently collide and merge to make bigger galaxies .
When the galaxies merge , the theory goes , so do their black holes .
Previous observations have caught such mergers in the act – but always when the black holes were thousands of light years apart , before they merged .
" This is the first time we have seen the merger after it has happened , " said Eric Perlman of the Florida Institute of Technology at a press conference at the American Astronomical Society meeting in Miami on May 25 .
The results will also appear in a paper in an upcoming issue of Astrophysical Journal Letters .
Perlman and colleagues analyzed images of the largest local galaxy , M87 , taken with the Hubble Space Telescope 's highest - resolution camera , the Advanced Camera for Surveys .
Black holes by nature are invisible , but the mass of gas and dust that heats up as it falls onto the guzzling giant , called an active galactic nucleus , can glow brightly and give away its location .
The team located this bright nucleus , and found that it was 22 light - years away from the galaxy 's center .
" The supermassive black hole is not where it is expected to be , " said Daniel Batcheldor of the Florida Institute of Technology at the same press conference , but it 's " a very slight , subtle offset . "
The researchers came up with four possible explanations for the wayward black hole .
First they thought it could be one of a pair of black holes spiraling in toward a merger .
But the second black hole , which would have to be around the same size as the first , was nowhere to be found .
" It would be very very difficult for nature to mask such a large mass in that galaxy , " Batcheldor said .
The researchers also dismissed the idea that the black hole was nudged aside by the combined gravitational tugs of other galaxies and globular clusters in M87's immediate neighborhood , the Virgo Cluster .
All that mass would be enough to move the black hole just 0.3 light - years .
A more realistic possibility is the jet of material extending more than 5,000 light years from M87 could have pushed the black hole away from the center of the galaxy .
The jet is massive enough to provide only a soft push on galactic scales , but it could be sufficient to move the black hole if the jet were 100 million years old or older .
The jet would also have had to be much more massive in the past for this scenario to work , Batcheldor said .
" We do n't rule this out as an offset mechanism because we do not know the history of accretion in M87 very well , " he said .
" It 's very possible that in the past … there was more jet power that could have produced the offset . "
The most likely solution is that the black hole is the product of a merger between two smaller black holes .
Theory states that when two black holes merge , they emit gravitational waves that can give the resulting large black hole a " kick " of momentum , sending it flying through the galaxy .
Because many galaxies are similar to M87 , wandering black holes could be common in the universe .
" We expect there to be displaced black holes in the universe due to gravitational wave recoil , " commented Julie Comerford of the University of California , Berkeley , who was not involved in the study .
" This work shows that the black hole in M87 is a compelling candidate for a recoiling black hole . "
Regardless of how M87's black hole left home , Batcheldor said , astronomers should rethink how black holes and galaxies normally fit together .
" It could well be that we need to shift the standard supermassive - black - hole paradigm that black holes are at the centers of galaxies , and revise it slightly to say that they 're near the centers of galaxies , " he said .
Image : NASA
See Also :
Hmmm .
Seems to be one of these could have tangible results and one might not .
First , the Day Prayer :
On Thursday , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal ( R ) issued an order designating June 27 a “ Statewide Day of Prayer ” for perseverance through the BP oil spill that continues to devastate the country ’s Gulf Coast region .
That ’s one “ solution ” proferred by the Governor of Louisiana .
He ’s also been screaming that the federal government has n’t been doing enough .
But , Jindal has one major resource at this disposal — the National Guard — and as John noted below , he ’s not using it .
More from CBS News :
Gov. Bobby Jindal ’s message has been loud and clear , using language such as “ We will only be winning this war when we ’re actually deploying every resource , ” “ They ( the federal government ) can provide more resources ” and “ It ’s clear the resources needed to protect our coast are still not here . ”
But nearly two months after the governor requested – and the Department of Defense approved the use of 6,000 Louisiana National Guard troops – only a fraction – 1,053 – have actually been deployed by Jindal to fight the spill .
“ If you ask any Louisianan , if you said ‘ If you had those troops , do you think they could be put to good use ?
Is there anything they can do in your parish ? ’
I think they ’d all tell you ‘ Absolutely , ' ” Louisiana state Sen.
Karen Carter Peterson , D - New Orleans , said .
By all the bitching Jindal ’s been doing — and the fact that he ’s got time to declare days of prayer , one would think that he ’s done everything he could .
Not true at all .
And , now about this :
It ’s believed officials in Alabama , Florida and Mississippi and are reluctant to use more troops because their presence could hurt tourism .
In hardest - hit Louisiana , however , Jindal is pointing fingers .
Stunning .
Commander Allen pointed out that Jindal ’s finger pointing is “ just flat wrong . ”
The hazard symbol for carcinogenic chemicals in the Globally Harmonized System .
Image via Wikipedia .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
An expert panel in the U.S. has warned President Obama Americans face " grievous harm " from a bombardment of largely unregulated and often carcinogenic chemicals in their food , air and water , both at work and in the home , and has urged the president to adopt a new national strategy to focus on the threat .
The panel , known as the “ President 's Cancer Panel , ” claims the often - quoted figure of only five percent of cancers being caused by environmental chemicals and pollution , and the rest caused by factors such as diet and smoking , is grossly underestimated .
The panel did not offer a new estimate , however .
The panel ’s report , released on May 6 , said there was a “ growing body of evidence ” that linked exposure to chemicals , radiation and pollutants in the environment to cancer , with children being especially at risk because they are smaller and still growing .
It pointed out U.S. Federal laws in the area are weak , with regulation split between too many agencies , and that research funding and enforcement in the country are inadequate .
The 200 - page report said rates of some cancers in children were rising inexplicably , and recent research had found umbilical cord blood contained industrial chemicals , which meant children were being “ bombarded ” with exposure to a combination of dangerous chemicals before they were born .
The report also noted that the impact of chemicals on fetuses , babies and young children is not known .
The report also criticized government standards for work place exposure to industrial chemicals , saying they were outdated , and the U.S. needs a complete overhaul of laws pertaining to these chemicals .
The system in place at present requires the government to prove beyond doubt a chemical is unsafe rather than requiring the manufacturer to prove the chemical is safe .
The standards of proof are so high the U.S. government has been unable to prove asbestos is unsafe , despite the fact it has been banned in many other countries because it is recognized as a carcinogen .
Of the roughly 80,000 chemicals used commercially in the U.S. only about 200 have been assessed for safety by Federal regulators .
The panel urged the president to use his power to remove from the environment toxins that “ needlessly increase health care costs , ” devastate lives , and cripple the country ’s productivity .
Around 1.5 million Americans were diagnosed with cancer in 2009 , and over half a million died from cancer the same year , making it the biggest killer of Americans after heart disease .
The members of the panel were Margaret Kripke , Emeritus Professor of the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center , and Professor of Surgery , Dr. LaSalle Leffall , from the Howard University College of Medicine in Washington D.C.
They were originally appointed by President George W. Bush .
Explore further Chemicals suspected in breast cancer , US experts want tests
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
This article first appeared in the May 2009 issue of Python Magazine and has been slightly updated .
The contents of the article are only applicable to repoze .
who 1.0 and repoze .
what 1.0 , not repoze . who 2 and repoze .
what 1.1 which are under development as of this writing .
Have you ever created a Web application ?
If so , it ’s very likely that you have at one time or another faced “ the security problem ” ; whether to create and maintain a homegrown security sub-system , or to learn to use framework - specific security mechanisms ( which may not be as flexible as you wish ) .
Securing Web applications should n’t be a problem .
This article explores a highly extensible alternative which you can learn once and use in arbitrary applications , regardless of the Web framework used ( if any ! ) .
Application security is a broad field within software development , covering topics ranging from low - level network transmission security and encryption , up to application - level data security and input validation .
In this article , we will focus on two of the most basic elements of application security : authentication and authorization .
Authentication vs. Authorization
Even experienced software developers often confuse these two related but not equivalent terms , so we ’ll start by explaining what they are .
Authentication , often shortened as “ authn ” , is what you do when you check the credentials provided by the user to verify that he ’s really who he claims to be .
The most widely - used credentials are a set made up of a user identifier ( like user name , or email address ) and a password .
Authorization , often shortened as “ authz ” , is what you do when you check whether the user has permission to make the request or perform the transaction he ’s currently making .
Most of the time this depends on who the subject is , but it may also depend on what is requested , when it is requested , and / or how it is requested .
A common shortening for “ authentication and authorization ” is “ auth ” .
And there ’s one more related term that comes into play : Identification , which is to check whether he was successfully authenticated previously to avoid challenging him again unnecessarily .
Authentication , identification and authorization in Python Web applications
Web applications powered by Python may take advantage of repoze . who to handle authentication and identification , and repoze .
what to handle authorization .
Both are security frameworks that can be used on top of your application , or integrated with your application ’s Web framework if you are using one .
You can use them as long as your application is WSGI - compliant .
WSGI is a Python standard which defines an interface between HTTP servers and Python applications , similar to CGI , which eases the writing of cross Web server libraries ( which can be framework - independent ) and applications .
The WSGI standard mandates the availability of a Python dictionary , referred to as the “ WSGI environment ” .
This dictionary stores CGI environment variables , as well as others specific to the WSGI standard ; other components used by your application may also use the WSGI environment to store data .
Any framework or raw application that exposes the WSGI environment dictionary can use both repoze .
who and repoze .
what .
The popular WSGI - compliant frameworks CherryPy , Django , Pylons , TurboGears and Werkzeug expose this variable .
How repoze . who and repoze .
what work
Figure 1 illustrates how a typical request is processed in WSGI and when repoze .
who comes into play .
repoze.who is a WSGI middleware .
A WSGI middleware is a layer that wraps your application , processing each request before your application does .
WSGI middleware can also post - process your application ’s response .
WSGI applications can have zero or more of these middleware layers .
As shown in Figure 2 , when a request is made and before it reaches your application , repoze .
who will try to check if the user is already logged in or if he ’s currently trying to log in .
If the user is trying to log in and has supplied the right credentials , authentication will succeed and the user will be “ remembered ” in future requests by default .
The request is then passed to the next WSGI middleware , if any , and eventually on to your WSGI application .
The following fully customizable components can be used at this stage :
The request classifier :
It matters if the agent is a browser , a Subversion client or a library which access a Web Service ; you would n’t want to display a login form if the agent is a Subversion client , for example .
Thus , this component classifies the current request so that only the appropriate plugins ( out of your pre-selected ones ) are used .
Identifier plugins :
These are the components that “ identify ” the user .
That is , they are able to tell if the user is already logged from in a previous request , or if he is trying to log in in the current request .
When authentication succeeds , these plugins are in charge of “ remembering ” the user for future requests ( e.g. , by defining a session cookie ) .
Likewise , when a challenge is required , they “ forget ” the user ( discarding a session cookie ) .
Authenticator plugins :
When the user is trying to log in in the current request , these components verify the user - supplied credentials ( such as username and password ) against a database , LDAP server , .htaccess file , etc .
Metadata provider plugins :
If the user was authenticated , metadata providers can load data about the current user ( email address , full name , etc. ) so that such data is ready to be used by your application .
After your application issues a response and before it reaches the HTTP server , as shown in Figure 3 , repoze .
who will check if a challenge is necessary ; that is , ask the user in some way to identify himself .
If so and the user was previously authenticated , the previous authentication will be forgotten , and the related session cookie will be discarded .
After the challenge is complete , your application ’s response will be replaced with a new response which will allow the user to log in ( for example , sending a “ WWW - Authenticate ” header or displaying a login form ) .
repoze .
who’s response - handling functionality is also driven by customizable components :
The challenge decider :
This is the component which will determine whether a challenge is required .
The default challenge decider will order a challenge if and only if the response ’s HTTP status code is 401 .
Challenger plugins :
When a challenge is required , those challenger plugins which support the current request type will be run until the first of them returns a valid response .
repoze .
who may seem hard to use at first sight , with all its components and terminology ; so much flexibility comes at the cost of being a little hard to understand .
But one of the goals of this article is to help people who had never heard of repoze .
who to deal with basic and advanced authentication settings .
And how does repoze .
what work ?
repoze .
what is mostly used inside of your application , where you define the access rules that must be met for a given routine to be performed .
Access rules in repoze .
what are made of atomic units called “ predicate checkers ” , re-usable objects that check whether a given condition is met .
Predicate checkers can be single or compound to form complex access rules .
For example , a single condition ( or predicate ) might be “ The user is not anonymous ” , while a compound predicate could be “ The user is not anonymous and their IP address is X.X.X.X ” .
You can write your own predicate checkers , usually in just a few lines of code .
repoze .
what has built - in support for the widely - used authorization pattern whereby you assign groups to your users and then grant permissions to such groups ; it ships with a comprehensive set of checkers for the relevant predicates ( e.g. , “ The current user belongs to the ‘ directors ’ group ” , “ The current user is allowed to edit user accounts ” ) .
If you use this authorization pattern , the groups and permissions for the authenticated user will be loaded by a repoze .
who metadata provider ; in repoze .
what 1.1 , they ’ll be loaded on demand by repoze .
what itself , so you would n’t need repoze .
who .
Nevertheless , it is entirely optional and you can use any authorization pattern that best suits your needs .
Predicate checkers allow you to control access based not only on who makes the request , but also on how the request is made and what exactly is requested .
For example , if you have a blog application , you might use the simple predicate “ The user is allowed to remove posts ” , focusing on who the user is to control access to the post edition routine .
Or you can have the more specific compound predicate “ The user is allowed to remove posts , as long as the user is the post ’s author ” .
This predicate focuses on both who makes the request and what is requested .
You can have an even more complex access rule for the article edition routine , such as “ The user is allowed to remove posts , as long as the user is the post ’s author — except post # 1 which nobody can remove ” .
repoze.what 1.0.X supports only blacklist - based authorization , that is , authorization is granted unless explicitly denied .
Whitelist - based authorization , in which authorization is denied unless explicitly granted , will be supported as of version 1.1 ( under development as of this writing ) .
Creating a Web application protected with repoze . who and repoze .
what
It ’s time to go practical !
We ’re going to create a WSGI application powered by repoze .
who and repoze .
what .
I ’ll use the TurboGears 2 Web Application framework to make this simple application , but after reading the article you should be able to put what you just learned into practice in other frameworks , or standalone applications .
( For the sake of demonstration , we will skip typical overhead features such as input validation , so we can focus the examples on the repoze .
who and repose .
what ’s integration of authentication and authorization . )
Let ’s get started !
We ’re going to develop this application using an isolated Python environment using a rather famous utility called “ virtualenv ” .
This is very handy because everything you install or remove wo n’t affect your system - wide Python environment .
To install it , run :
easy_install virtualenv
You may need administration rights to install it , depending on where you install it .
Next , create an environment for our application and activate it ; on Unix systems , the commands for this are :
virtualenv -- no - site - packages appenv
source appenv/ bin/ activate
On Windows systems , enter the following in a directory whose path does n’t contain spaces :
C:\Python25\python.exe " C: \Path - to - VE\virtualenv.py " appenv
C: \Path -to-newly-created-environment\Scripts\activate.bat
When you ’re done and want to deactivate it , you should run the command “ deactivate ” on Unix systems .
For Windows , use “ C: \Path- to - newly- created-environment \Scripts\deactivate.bat ” .
I ’ve called my virtual environment “ appenv ” , but you can use any name you like .
For help installing virtualenv , you can check its documentation at http://pypi.python.org/pypi/virtualenv.
Now to install TurboGears 2 :
easy_install -i http://www.turbogears.org/2.0/downloads/current/index tg.devtools
Generating an application
TurboGears allows you to start coding using a minimal application , so that you do n’t have to start from scratch ( unless you really want to ) .
We ’ll use just that minimal application so that we can get off to a quick start , which you can optionally download .
The Web application we ’re going to create is a classifieds service , like craiglist.org or gumtree.com ; for lack of imagination , I ’ll call it “ classifieds ” .
To start coding it from a minimal application , we ’ll ask TurboGears to generate it with the following command :
paster quickstart classifieds
Then you ’ll be asked a couple of questions .
The first will ask you for the package name to be generated in this project ; hit ENTER to accept “ classifieds ” as the default package name .
The second question will ask if you need authentication and authorization features for this project , hit ENTER to accept the default answer of “ yes ” .
By answering “ yes ” to the second question , repoze .
who and repoze .
what will be used in the application by default .
Now switch to the application ’s directory , install it in development mode and set it up :
cd classifieds
python setup.py develop
paster setup - app development.ini
We ’re not going to start coding yet —
I ’d like you to try the generated application , so that you can see repoze .
who and repoze .
what in action .
So , start the application ( the “ reload ” switch will restart the application whenever one of its files is modified ) :
paster serve -- reload development.ini
and then open the following URL in your browser : http://localhost:8080/.
You should keep this simple procedure in mind because we ’ll use it very often .
Then , when you need to stop the development server , you have to hit Ctrl+C .
Now try , at least , the following ( in order ) :
Log in : Visit http://localhost:8080/login
or click on the “ Login ” link in the upper - right side of any Web page of our application .
Enter “ manager ” and “ managepass ” in the login and password fields .
You ’ll get redirected to the main page and a welcome message will be displayed .
Visit a page you should n’t see : Like http://localhost:8080/editor_user_only ; you should get a 403 page and a message which reads “ Only for the editor ” .
Log out : Visit http://localhost:8080/logout_handler or click on the “ Logout ” link in the upper - right side of any Web page of our application .
You ’ll get redirected to the main page and a goodbye message will be displayed .
Visit a private page as anonymous :
If you ’re currently logged in , log out first .
Then visit http://localhost:8080/manage_permission_only ; you should be redirected to the login form , where also the message “ Only for managers ” is displayed .
Log in with the previous credentials ( “ manager ” / ” managepass ” ) and you ’ll be redirected to the page you requested initially .
What you ’ve seen is repoze .
who , repoze .
what and some of their official plugins in action ; those notification messages are TurboGears - specific , though , but it should n’t be hard to port them to other frameworks or raw applications .
Before moving forward , I ’ll describe some of the files and directories that the “ paster quickstart ” command above generated :
devdata.db :
The sqlite database file used for development .
classifieds / : Your application ’s package itself .
classifieds /config/middleware.py :
The file where the extra WSGI middleware for your application is added .
classifieds /controllers/root.py : Your application ’s root controller .
Sub -controllers should be attached to the one defined in this file ; below I ’ll explain how .
classifieds / model / :
The application ’s model definitions powered by SQLAlchemy .
classifieds / model/auth.py :
The model definitions specific to authentication , identification and authorization .
classifieds / templates / :
The application ’s XHTML templates powered by Genshi .
classifieds / websetup.py : Contains the function which will get run when the application is set up ( used by the paster setup - app command ) .
By default it just adds rows to the database .
On the other hand , this is how authentication , identification and authorization is configured right now :
We have a table for our application ’s users ( tg_user ) , which contains the self - explanatory fields user_name and password , among others .
repoze . who is configured to authenticate by using these two fields .
repoze .
what is configured to use its groups / permission - based pattern .
The groups and permissions are stored in the database , in the tg_group and tg_permission tables .
One user can belong to zero or more groups ; one group can be granted zero or more permissions .
Right now we have two users , “ manager ” and “ editor ” ( with passwords “ managepass ” and “ editpass ” ) .
“ manager ” belongs to the only group defined so far , “ managers ” .
The group “ managers ” is granted the only permission defined so far , “ manage ” .
Let ’s start coding
“ At last ! ” , I heard you say .
While implementing repoze . who and repoze .
what in an application which does n’t come with them enabled out - of - the - box , the first thing you have to do is add their middleware to your application .
However , we ’ll skip that part and keep the default settings for now , so that we can go to fun part right away : Learning how to protect areas in your Web application .
The setup will be addressed later on , where you ’ll learn how to configure repoze .
who and repoze .
what the TurboGears - independent way .
This is what we ’re going to implement in our classifieds application :
A simple user registration system .
A classified visualization mechanism , for any user ( anonymous or authenticated ) .
A classified addition mechanism , for registered users .
A classified edition mechanism , for registered users to edit their own classifieds .
So it ’s finally time to fire up your Python editor , a terminal and a window of your browser !
First of all , let ’s add groups and permissions for authorization in our application , instead of sticking to the ones created by default .
We ’re going to add one more group called “ posters ” and the “ add- classifieds ” permission to be granted to posters .
( Before continuing , you should stop the server running in the terminal — With Ctrl+C ) .
To add the posters group , add this code to the setup_app ( ) function , defined in classifieds / websetup.py :
posters = model.Group( group_name=u'posters ' , display_name=u' Classified posters ')
model.DBSession.add( posters )
The addclassifieds permission is created with this code :
addclassifieds = model.Permission ( permission_name=u'add-classifieds ' , description=u' Allowed to add classifieds ')
addclassifieds.groups.append( posters )
model.DBSession.add(addclassifieds )
Add these sections right before the following lines :
model.DBSession.flush ( )
transaction.commit ( )
Now , since we have a classifieds application , we have to define the SQLAlchemy model for the classifieds .
To keep things simple , we ’ll define just four columns :
classified_id :
The classified ’s identifier .
poster_id :
The poster ’s user id .
classified_title :
The classified title .
classified_contents :
The classified contents .
Listing 1 implements this model definition .
You have to create classifieds / model / posts.py and store that definition in there .
Then you have to import that model at the end of classifieds / model/ __init__.py :
from classifieds.model.posts import Classified
To apply the changes , let ’s remove the development database , re-create it with our new model and rows , and finally start the server again :
rm devdata.db
paster setup - app development.ini
paster serve -- reload development.ini
That ’s it , now we have the model definition for the classifieds .
Let the fun part begin !
Creating a user registration system
We ’re going to create a simple registration system made up of two controller actions :
One to display the registration form and another to process the submitted form .
We ’re going to implement them in the root controller for our application , the class RootController found in the source file classifieds / controllers / root.py .
To define the action for the registration form , first import the repoze .
what predicate checker that verifies that the current user is anonymous :
from repoze.what.predicates import is_anonymous
Next , add the following method in RootController :
@expose ('classifieds.templates.register ')
@require( is_anonymous ( msg='
Only one account per user is allowed ' ) )
def register ( self ) :
" " " Display the user registration form " " "
return {' page ' : ' user registration'}
What the two decorators above do is specify that the template for the “ register ” action is classifieds / templates / register .html and that access is granted to users who do n’t have an account , respectively .
@require is a TurboGears - specific decorator that evaluates a repoze .
what predicate before calling the action in question .
When such a predicate is not met , the action is not called and a 401 response is returned ( 403 if the user is already logged in ) .
Then repoze . who ’s default challenge decider will find the 401 response and will replace it with the challenge .
Internally , the predicate is evaluated by calling its check_authorization ( ) method ( which raises the repoze.what.predicates.NotAuthorizedError exception if the predicate is n’t met , whose message is the user - friendly explanation ) or is_met ( ) ( which returns a boolean ) .
Listing 2 illustrates a fictitious implementation , using the decorator package ; you ’d find it useful if you want to use repoze .
what in another framework or raw application ( Pylons users may want to check repoze .
what - pylons ) .
Going back to the creation of the action , you ’ll have to create the template that will display the form : Create classifieds / templates / register .html with the contents of Listing 3 .
Now it ’s time to create the action which will process the contents of the submitted form by adding the user to the database , including them in the “ posters ” group and finally redirecting them to the login form so that they can use the newly created account .
For that , you have to define the add_user method shown in Listing 4 ( in RootController ) .
That ’s it !
Our registration system is done .
Now you can try it by visiting http://localhost:8080/register .
The classifieds visualization mechanism
We ’re going to write the part of the interface which will allow us to see the classifieds hosted by our service .
This will be accomplished by means of two controller actions :
One to see all the classifieds available , in the main page of the application , and another to see individual classifieds .
For the first , we have to re-write the “ index ” action of the root controller , to make it look like this :
@expose ('classifieds.templates.index ' )
def index ( self ) :
query = DBSession.query ( model.Classified )
all_classifieds = query.all ( )
return dict ( page= ' index ' , classifieds=all_classifieds )
Then its template , classifieds / templates / index.html , should be replaced with the contents of Listing 5 , which lists the available classifieds with a link to their individual pages .
The second action , the one to show the classifieds individually , will be implemented as “ view ” and will be defined in the root controller too :
@expose ('classifieds.templates.view ')
def view ( self , classified ) :
query = DBSession.query ( model.Classified )
classified_obj = query.get ( classified )
# Is the user allowed to edit the classified ?
checker = user_is_poster ( )
can_edit = checker.is_met(request.environ )
return {'page ' : ' Classified page ' , ' classified ' : classified_obj , ' classified_id ' : classified , ' can_edit ' : can_edit}
Note that in the “ view ” action we do something new : Handle a predicate checker directly .
Sometimes it is necessary to evaluate them directly and get a boolean result to know whether it ’s met or not thanks to the is_met ( ) method of the predicate checker .
For example , right now we use it to display a link to edit that predicate , if and only if the current user is allowed to edit it .
Then the template for “ view ” , classifieds / templates / index.html , is defined as shown in Listing 6 .
Implementing the classified submission mechanism
To allow users publish classifieds , we ’ll write two controller actions ( once again , one to display the form and the other to process it ) .
The action that will display the form should first check that the user is allowed to add a classified ; this is , we should use repoze .
what ’s has_permission predicate so that it checks whether they are granted the “ add- classified ” permission .
You have to import it at the top of classifieds / controllers / root.py :
from repoze.what.predicates import has_permission
And then write the action as shown below :
@expose ('classifieds.templates.add ')
@require ( has_permission ( ' add - classifieds ' ) )
def add ( self ) :
return {'page ' : ' Classified submission'}
This action uses the template classifieds / templates / add.html , which we have to create with the contents of Listing 7 .
Finally , Listing 8 shows how the action that processes the submitted form is implemented .
There we use something we had n’t used before :
The repoze . who identity dictionary .
Do you remember that I said that repoze .
who optionally uses so - called “ metadata providers ” , which are plugins that load data about the current user into the request ?
Well , that data is kept in the WSGI environment dictionary , under the repoze .
who.identity key .
Then we use one of the items of that dictionary , “ user ” , which contains the database object for the current user .
It is loaded by the metadata provider defined in the repoze .
who SQLAlchemy plugin ( repoze.who.plugins.sa ) , a component that is enabled by default in TurboGears .
Implementing the classified edition mechanism with custom predicate checkers
So far we ’ve used a few repoze .
what predicate checkers , which are all very basic .
Very often you have to write your own checkers .
For example , if the URL where classifieds are edited looks like http://localhost:8080/edit/X
( where “ X ” represents the classified identifier ) , and we want that classifieds can only be edited by their posters , we ’ll need a predicate checker that finds the poster of the “ X ” classified and checks if it is the current user .
This predicate checker is implemented in Listing 9 , which should be stored in classifieds / lib / authz.py ( a file you should create ) .
That ’s a good sample checker , which helps us to understand how a predicate checker is defined :
It must extend the repoze .
what.predicates .
Predicate class .
It must define a user - friendly explanation in the message attribute , which may be shown to the user when the predicate is not met .
Its logic is defined in the evaluate ( ) instance method , which must call the unmet ( ) method when the predicate is not met ; keyword arguments passed to this method will replace the placeholders defined in message ( if any ) , although that message can be replaced on - the - fly with a string passed as the first positional argument .
evaluate ( ) receives the WSGI environment and the repoze .
what credentials dictionaries as arguments .
If the checker relies on arguments such as GET or POST variables , or other arguments available in the URL , the parse_variables ( ) method should be used to retrieve them .
It will return a dictionary whose items are : “ get ” for variables in the query string and “ post ” for POST variables , plus “ named_args ” and “ positional_args ” for named and positional arguments in the URL ( which must be set by a routing software like Selector or Routes ) .
Because this predicate relies on a named argument in the URL ( “ classified ” ) , we have to use a URL router software compliant with the wsgiorg .
routing_args standard ; we ’ll use Routes .
To configure Routes in TurboGears 2 , you have to insert the following contents in classifieds / config / app_cfg.py ( right after the imports ) and then replace the line base_config = AppConfig ( ) with base_config = ClassifiedsConfig ( ) :
class ClassifiedsConfig( AppConfig ) :
def setup_routes ( self ) :
" " " Customize routing " " "
from tg import config
from routes import Mapper
dir = config [ ' pylons.paths ' ] [' controllers ' ]
map = Mapper( directory=dir , always_scan=config [ ' debug ' ] )
# Defining our custom routes :
map.connect('/{action}/{classified:\d+} ' , controller= ' root ' )
# Required by TurboGears :
map.connect ('*url ' , controller= ' root ' , action='routes_placeholder ' )
config [ 'routes.map '] = map
At this point we ’re ready to use the user_is_poster checker .
Now import the custom checker into classifieds / controllers / root.py :
from classifieds.lib.authz import user_is_poster
Next , use the following contents to define the “ edit ” action and the contents of Listing 10 for its template ( classifieds / templates/edit.html ) :
@expose ('classifieds.templates.edit ' )
@require( user_is_poster ( ) )
def edit ( self , classified ) :
query = DBSession.query ( model.Classified )
classified_obj = query.get ( classified )
return {'page ' : ' Classified edition page ' , ' classified ' : classified_obj , ' classified_id ' : classified}
Finally , for the action that processes the submitted form , we can use :
@expose ( )
@require( user_is_poster ( ) )
def edit_classified ( self , classified , title , contents ) :
# Fetching and updating the classified object :
query = DBSession.query ( model.Classified )
classified_obj = query.get ( classified )
classified_obj.classified_title = title
classified_obj.classified_contents = contents
DBSession.update(classified_obj )
# Notifying the user :
flash ( ' Classified " %s " updated ! ' % title )
redirect ( url ( '/ view / %s ' % classified ) )
You can now play with the classifieds edition mechanism , to see by yourself how authorization is denied when somebody tries to edit somebody else ’s classified , thanks to our “ user_is_poster ” checker .
Configuring it all by ourselves
At this point you ’re able to deal with identification ( using the repoze .
who identity dictionary , which contains user data ) and control authorization in your application with repoze .
what predicate checkers ( even how to write your own ! ) , and you should also be able to put this knowledge to the test in frameworks other than TurboGears .
What we ’re missing now is to know how to configure repoze .
who and repoze .
what by ourselves , since we skipped that part initially because TurboGears configures them for us .
But you have to know this to use both packages with other frameworks or even to continue with TurboGears in a more advanced setup .
Therefore we ’re going to stop TurboGears from configuring repoze .
who and repoze .
what , so that we have full control on how they are configured and learn how to do it in other frameworks .
To disable the automatic setup of repoze .
who and repoze .
what , go to classifieds / config / app_cfg.py and set the variable base_config.auth_backend to None .
Then all those variables that start by base_config .
sa_auth will be ignored , so you can remove them if you want .
Now let ’s handle the configuration by adding the middleware to our WSGI application .
I ’ll use a function called add_auth ( ) ( defined in classifieds / config /auth.py ) which receives the WSGI application as the only argument and returns it with the middleware added , as shown in Listing 11 .
Because add_auth ( ) configures repoze .
who and repoze .
what the same way we ’ve been using them , but with the hidden details revealed , we ’ll be able to identify their components .
In this function we see that repoze .
who is configured with the following plugins :
AuthTktCookiePlugin , an identifier which remembers and forgets authenticated users using cookies ( using the string “ secret ” as the encryption key and “ authtkt ” as the cookie name ) .
FriendlyFormPlugin , the component that handles our login form and logouts .
As an identifier , when the user is logging in it extracts the “ login ” and “ password ” from the request so that the authenticator (s ) can use such data , and when the user tries to log out , it asks AuthTktCookiePlugin to forget the user .
As a challenger , it redirects the user to the login form ( at “ / login ” ) .
SQLAlchemyAuthenticatorPlugin , as the only authenticator used .
It connects to the “ tg_user ” table to check if there ’s a match for the supplied “ login ” and “ password ” .
SQLAlchemyUserMDPlugin , the metadata provider that loads the current user ’s SQLAlchemy object into the repoze .
who identity item “ user ” .
Because we did n’t specified request classifiers or challenge deciders , the default ones will be used .
Meanwhile , repoze .
what is configured using the groups / permissions - based authorization pattern , where the groups and permissions are retrieved thanks to the following adapters :
SqlGroupsAdapter , which loads the groups from the “ tg_group ” table .
SqlPermissionsAdapter , which loads the groups from the “ tg_permission ” table .
If we do n’t use this authorization pattern , our app_with_mw variable would have been defined without passing groups / permission adapters :
app_with_mw = setup_auth ( app , ** who_args )
And what about using repoze .
who but not repoze .
what ?
Listing 12 shows how to configure repoze .
who just like we did above , but without repoze .
what .
Note that this time we had to pass the request classifier and challenge decider explicitly .
The opposite , using repoze .
what without repoze .
who , is not yet possible as of this writing because repoze .
what 1.0 ’s credentials are loaded through a repoze .
who metadata provider .
repoze .
what 1.1 will be completely repoze .
who - independent , optionally .
Finally , it ’s time to use add_auth ( ) .
It can be used like any other WSGI middleware , so in the case of this TurboGears 2 application , it is in classifieds / config / middleware.py ; if using another framework , consult the relevant documentation to find the equivalent .
First , you should import the function :
from classifieds.config.auth import add_auth
And then use it inside the make_app ( ) function , under the specified line :
# Wrap your base TurboGears 2 application with custom (...)
app = add_auth ( app )
And voila !
Now our classifieds service behaves the same way as before , with its authentication , identification and authorization settings now being controlled by our own code instead of the generated defaults .
Going beyond with repoze . who and repoze .
what
The topics covered in this article are just the tip of the iceberg .
Both Repoze packages are created with extensibility in mind ; their core is minimalist but they already have many ready - to - use plugins , not only the repoze .
who and repoze .
what SQLAlchemy plugins we used here .
There are repoze . who plugins for OpenId , LDAP , .htaccess and RADIUS authentication , as well as a built - in challenger plugin for HTTP authentication — just to name some of the available plugins .
And you can easily create your own plugins , following the patterns described in this article .
Although repoze .
what is a relatively new piece of software as of this writing , it has several ready - to - use plugins as well .
It has plugins to store the groups and permissions in XML files or .ini files , not only in databases , as well as a plugin called repoze .
what - quickstart which allows us to have repoze .
who and repoze .
what working quickly ( that ’s what TurboGears uses to set them up ) .
Although they were not used in our classifieds service , just mentioned in the beginning , you can have so - called compound predicates .
Access rules are n’t always as simple as “ The user must be logged in ” or “ The user belongs to the ‘ posters ’ group ” .
For example , in our classified edition mechanism we way want to allow administrators to edit classifieds , even those not posted by themselves ; to do so , instead of using our user_is_poster checker alone , we could use it along with the Any and in_group checkers :
from repoze.what.predicates import Any , in_group
p = Any( in_group ( ' manager ' ) , user_is_poster ( ) )
In this article we did n’t even use half of the built - in repoze .
what predicate checkers .
A full list is available in the repoze .
what manual .
Settings are very flexible .
It is even possible to configure repoze . who and repoze .
what through .ini files , so that those settings can be adjusted while deploying the application ( which would be a replacement for our add_auth ( ) function defined above ) .
It is also worth noting that both projects are actively developed , well documented , well tested and supported by the Repoze community .
As a result , it is most likely that you ’ll have a good experience using them .
repoze.who and repoze .
what aim to solve “ the security problem ” we Web developers face so often , and they have proved to be the right choice in many scenarios .
The likelihood of them being the right choice for your next Web application is strong , specially now that you ’re familiar with them !
To ask questions about repoze .
who and / or repoze .
what , please use the repoze - dev mailing list .
For everything else that is related to this article , please leave a comment below .
SQLiteを使った小さなOODB
SQLiteの調査のために、PRbをSQLiteで再実装した習作です。
PRbのリポジトリにつっこんであります。
< URL : http://cvs.sourceforge.jp/cgi-bin/viewcvs.cgi/prb/koya/>
関連ネタ KoyaなTropy
今のとこ ろSQLite3系では動きません。2.x系が必要です。rubyのバインディングもね。 ( sqlite3のせいなのか、sqlite3のrubyのバインディングのせいなのか‥)
で、インストールはいつものように。
% sudo ruby install.rb
Koyaってなんですか ?
SQLite2.xをストレージとして使用する、機能が簡単なOODBです。
本当 にOODBですか ?
たぶんちがいます。振る舞いは保存されませんし、継承も型もありません。
型もないの ?
型の名前はありますが、型の情報は保存されません。
Rubyっぽいの ?
PRbと違い、Rubyの写像を目指していません。一部のオブジェクトだけが
オブジェクトとして扱われます。
んあ ?
Rubyスクリプト上でKoyaObjectを継承したオブジェクトは、Koyaの中で オブジェクトとして扱われます。
ほかのオブジェクトは ?
Fixnum とStringはそのままSQLite風に、それ以外のオブジェクトはMarshalされて 保存されます。
どう違うの ?
KoyaObjectは参照できますが、それ以外は参照できません。アクセスすると
新しいオブジェクトが生成されてしまいます。 dRubyでいうところの参照渡しと値渡しのように違います。
並列性はどうなの ?
トランザクションをサポートします。SQLiteはあんまり並列性がよくないので
気持ちよくあきらめています。
えー ?
しかも、トランザクション待ちをブロックして待てないので、ポーリングします。
とほほですね 。
まあね。
安定してますか ?
実装は不安定です。それ以上にAPIも不安定です。SQLite3ではうまく動きません。
SQLite2.xでもまれに拡張ライブラリの何かを踏んでしまいます。
なにか自慢してください。
ある型名を持つオブジェクトの一覧( extent ) や、逆リンクの一 覧 ( referer ) 、 GC、世代 別GC ( 実効性なし版 ) が用意されています。また、時刻を指定して その時の状態になること( revert_to ) もできます。extent , referer , revert_toは おそらくアプリケーションのバージョンアップや不具合修正のために使うんだと 思います 。
やってなくて、やるつもりなのはなんですか?
複数データベースの扱い 、Path、キャッシュ、アプリケーションとかとか。
とりあえ ずrequire ' koya 'が必要です。 それから、データベースの接続とな るKoya:: Storeを生成します。 パラメータはデータベースファイルの名前です。
% irb -- simple - prompt >> require ' koya ' >> s = Koya:: Store.new ('test.db ' )
Koya:: Storeにはただ一つのrootオブジェクトがあります。
>> root = s.root => #< Koya:: KoyaRef:0x ..... >
rootオブジェクトはキー がStringに限定されたHashのような感じです。
>> root.keys => [ ]
なにか入れてみます 。
>> root [ ' one ' ] = 1 => 1 >> root.keys => [ " one " ] >> root.delete('one ' ) >> root.keys => [ ]
つまんないですね。 transaction を作ってabortしてみましょう。
>> root. transaction do ?> root [ ' one ' ] = 1 >> root [ ' two ' ] = 2 >> raise ' abort ' >> end RuntimeError : abort ..... >> root.keys => [ ]
なにもなかったことになりました。
abortはいまいち作り込みが甘いというか、積極的に使うというよりも 不整合な状態 でcommitできないようにする安全ネットみたいな緊急用に つかうものかもしれません 。
正常なときはこうかな。
>> root. transaction do ?> root [ ' one ' ] = 1 >> root [ ' two ' ] = 2 >> end >> root.keys => [ " one " , " two " ]
transaction中はほかのプロセスはtransactionに入れません。 新しい端末( Terminal2 ) を用意して実験します。
[ Terminal2 ] % irb -r koya -- simple - prompt >> s = Koya:: Store.new ('test.db ' ) >> root = s.root
いままでの端 末( Terminal1 ) で時間のかかるtransactionを実行してみます。
[ Terminal1 ] >> root. transaction do ?> root [ ' three ' ] = 3 >> sleep 10 >>
end
10 秒の間に[ Terminal2 ] で問い合わせてみましょう。
[ Terminal2 ] >> root.keys
いそいで入力できた人は、ブロックしている様子が見られると思います。
しばらくして、次のように表示されたかしらん。
[ Terminal2 ] => [ " one " , " three " , " two " ]
普通 のRubyのオブジェクトはMarshalされたりして保存されます。 それは取り出すたびに新しいオブジェクトが生成されることを意味します。
>> str = " String " >> root [ ' str ' ] = str >> str.object_id 3067308 >> root [ ' str '].object_id >> 1623454 >> root [ ' str '] .object_id >>
1600914
がっかりですね 。
Koyaがオブジェクトとして扱えるのは、Koya::KoyaObjectを継承したクラス だけです。
class Foo < Koya:: KoyaObject def initialize ( name ) self .
name = name end koya_attr : name , : friend def greeting friend .
greeting if friend puts " Hello , This is #{name} ? n " end end
irbに上のクラス定義をペーストしてFooを定義してください。
FooはKoya::KoyaObjectを継承します。
koya_attrはattr_accessorみたいなもので、KoyaObjectの属性を定義します。
@nameじゃなくてnameなのでself.をつけて明示的なメソッド呼び出しにしてる ところがあります。
生成してみましょう 。
>> Foo.new ( ' one ' )
Koya :: TransactionNotFound : Koya :: TransactionNotFound .....
失敗しましたか ? KoyaObjectはtransactionの中でしか生成できません。 これは生成してどこからも参照されていないときにGCされてしまわないようにする
ためです。(さらにどのデータベースに生成するかを決定させるため)
root [ ' foo ' ] に生成し たFooを入れてみます。
>> root. transaction do ?> root [ ' foo ' ] = Foo.new ( ' one ' ) >> end => #< Foo:0 x ... >
作れたみたい 。
>> root [ ' foo ' ] . greeting Hello ,
This is one .
もう一つ作ります。root [ ' foo ' ].friendから参照します。
>> root. transaction do ?> root [ ' foo ' ] . friend = Foo.new ( ' two ' ) >> end >> root [ ' foo ' ] . greeting Hello ,
This is two Hello , This is one
メンテナンス用に使おうと思っている機能を一つ紹介します。 指定の時刻の状態に戻るrevert_toです。
まず時刻を覚えておきます。
>> tag = Time.now
次にroot [ ' foo ' ] を忘れてみましょう 。
>> root. delete ( ' foo ' ) >> root [ ' foo ' ] . greeting NoMethodError : undefined method `greeting ' for nil : NilClass
覚えておいた時刻に戻ります。
>> s.revert_to( tag ) >> root [ ' foo ' ] . greeting Hello ,
This is two Hello , This is one
今日はおしまい 。
みそは二つのテーブルです。 一つはオブジェクトのクラス名等を管理するmemory 、 もう一つはオブジェクトの属性を管理するpropです。
PRbはやりすぎた気がするのでその反動でシンプルになってます。
SQLiteには型がない、というのもいろいろあきらめがついていい感じ。
一般的なオブジェクトの元になるクラス
キー をStringに限定し たHashみたいなもの
push , pop , shift , unshiftがある列。不自由な配列 。
