MURFREESBORO , Tenn . -
A father and son are furious after surviving a terrifying experience .
They face criminal charges after police responded to their home by mistake .
Murfreesboro officers responded to a 911 emergency call and somehow ended up at the wrong apartment .
Roger and Justin Chilton woke to a pounding on their door at 3 a.m. Sunday .
Justin - a decorated military policeman who had just returned from Iraq - answered the door holding his gun .
The officers then arrested Justin and his father .
" They held us at gunpoint , slammed us to the ground , stomped my hands and butted me in the back of the head with a shotgun , " said Justin .
The officers charged the Chilton 's with resisting arrest and aggravated assault for the incident .
Police did not drop the charges even after learning they responded to the wrong house .
Murfreesboro police chief Glenn Chrisman has opened an internal investigation .
COMMENT BY PRISONERS
1. INTRODUCTION
Since this information has been obtained from prisoners of war , it should be treated with considerable reserve .
However , our observers to date have found the average Japanese prisoner to be more truthful in his statements than are prisoners of other enemy nationalities .
2. COMMENTS
a. Regarding Organization
Each rifle company normally has 190 men , but existing conditions in some Southwest Pacific islands have forced the number down to 120 .
The rifle company platoon usually consists of 52 men , but the prisoner 's platoon had 70 , and was therefore classed as " independent . "
The battalion - gun company normally is divided into 3 platoons , each having 4 guns and about 70 men .
The mountain artillery battalion consists of approximately 500 men .
b. Regarding Equipment
(1) Landing Boats .-- Each of those used at Buna carried 30 fully equipped infantrymen , or 20 men equipped as machine - gunners , or 10 horses .
(2) Flame Throwers .
-- A prisoner " thought " that each company is supposed to carry three flame throwers .
Their use is primarily against fortifications and armored vehicles , the prisoner said .
(3) Marks of Identification .
-- One prisoner stated that his identity disks had been sewn to his uniform .
These disks are made of black metal sheeting ; they are shiny at first , but rust after brief use .
Another prisoner said that all badges of rank were removed by personnel in his unit before it left Rabaul for action on an island to the south .
All marines wore a white cloth badge on the left side of the coats , over the heart .
The inscription on these badges included name , rank , company , and date of birth .
(4) Eye Shield .
-- These are issued to all troops as a protection against sun glare , but are seldom used , because they affect the eyes and are considered a nuisance .
c. Regarding Supplies
(1) Ammunition .-- One prisoner said that each rifleman carries 60 rounds into the combat area , while others stated that the number was 120 .
A supplementary supply is carried by natives .
Shells for the infantry battalion gun ( 70 - mm ) are packed five to a case , which weighs about 75 pounds .
Larger shells , for mountain artillery , weigh about 20 pounds each .
Normally each soldier carries two hand grenades .
(2) Rations .-- The information on rations was conflicting , probably because of the differing local tactical and supply situations .
One prisoner said each man in his unit carried rations for 2 days upon landing , while another 's unit carried sufficient food to last for 20 days .
d. Regarding Medical Care
One prisoner stated that each Jap soldier was issued 10 antimalarial pills , to be taken one per day for 10 days .
At the end of the 10 - day period , they took a round of smaller pills .
The prisoner said he did not know the nature of the pills except that they prevented malaria .
His unit had no malaria until the pills ran out .
He added that the Japs would not use mosquito headnets because of the heat .
Another prisoner , questioned regarding malaria , said about half of his unit was attacked by fever -- he did not know , if all were malaria cases .
Light cases recovered in 3 days , the serious ones took as long as 3 months .
e. Regarding Suicide
The following dialogue between a captured Japanese warrant officer of the Naval Air Service and his interrogator is reported from the Southwest Pacific :
( h/t CSPANJunkie )
Rookie Sen. Al Franken ( D - MN ) passed an amendment to a defense bill this week that would withhold government contracts from organizations like KBR if they restrict employees from taking rape and sexual assault cases to court .
Thirty Republican senators voted against Al Franken 's amendment , thus showing their support for gang rape by government contractors .
And may I say , I 'm not surprised :
In 2005 , Jamie Leigh Jones was gang - raped by her co-workers while she was working for Halliburton / KBR in Baghdad .
She was detained in a shipping container for at least 24 hours without food , water , or a bed , and “ warned her that if she left Iraq for medical treatment , she ’d be out of a job . ”
( Jones was not an isolated case . )
Jones was prevented from bringing charges in court against KBR because her employment contract stipulated that sexual assault allegations would only be heard in private arbitration .
Sen . Al Franken ( D - MN ) proposed an amendment to the 2010 Defense Appropriations bill that would withhold defense contracts from companies like KBR “ if they restrict their employees from taking workplace sexual assault , battery and discrimination cases to court . ”
Speaking on the Senate floor yesterday , Franken said :
The constitution gives everybody the right to due process of law …
And today , defense contractors are using fine print in their contracts do deny women like Jamie Leigh Jones their day in court . …
The victims of rape and discrimination deserve their day in court [ and ]
Congress plainly has the constitutional power to make that happen .
On the Senate floor , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R - AL ) spoke against the amendment , calling it “ a political attack directed at Halliburton . ”
Franken responded , “ This amendment does not single out a single contractor .
This amendment would defund any contractor that refuses to give a victim of rape their day in court . ”
In the end , Franken won the debate .
His amendment passed by a 68 - 30 vote , earning the support of 10 Republican senators including that of newly - minted Florida Sen. George LeMieux .
“ He did what a senator should do , which was he was working it , ” LeMieux said in praise of Franken .
“ He was working for his amendment . ”
Appearing with Franken after the vote , an elated Jones expressed her deep appreciation .
“ It means the world to me , ” she said of the amendment ’s passage .
“ It means that every tear shed to go public and repeat my story over and over again to make a difference for other women was worth it . ”
President Obama tried to build momentum for the centerpiece of his overhaul of financial regulations -- a new agency to protect consumers -- by aiming to derail the strong opposition from business groups that threatens its passage by Congress .
In some of his sharpest comments on the issue , Obama slammed banks and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce for trying to block , or at least water down , the proposed Consumer Financial Protection Agency as it heads toward a vote in a House committee next week .
“ They ’re doing what they always do , descending on Congress , using every bit of influence they have to maintain the status quo that has maximized their profits at the expense of American consumers , despite the fact that recently a whole bunch of those same American consumers bailed them out as a consequence of the bad decisions that they made , ” Obama said Friday at a White House gathering of key lawmakers , administration officials and other supporters .
The consumer agency has wide support among Democrats , including Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts .
Frank is chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , which takes up the measure next week .
Many Republicans , bank regulators and businesses oppose all or key parts of the agency .
Among other things , they say the measure would bring unnecessary layers of regulation and the intrusion of government in business operations .
Advertisement
To emphasize that the proposed agency was designed to protect average Americans in the often - confusing financial marketplace , Obama met before the event with five people who had lost money to large bank overdraft fees , high - interest payday loans , expensive adjustable - rate mortgages and other products .
“ I was caught in a debt - trap of predatory lending .
. . .
We need greater consumer protection from creditors ’ loans , ” said Patricia Nelson , 64 , a retired nurse from Waukesha , Wis. , who introduced the president at the event .
Nelson said she borrowed $ 550 from a payday lender in 2007 to help her move closer to her family because of a health issue .
She made monthly payments for nearly two years , paying $ 2,700 in interest with none of it going toward the principal .
Obama said the new agency would help protect consumers from predatory lenders by taking over consumer protection functions from seven regulatory agencies , where the tasks typically have not been high priorities .
The bill would focus enforcement in one place with a single mission .
The agency would have wide authority to make consumer protection rules for credit cards , mortgages , bank accounts and other financial products , and would police institutions for compliance .
Advertisement
“ It ’s true that the crisis we faced was caused in part by people who took on too much debt and took out loans they could n’t afford , ” Obama said .
“ But my concern are the millions of Americans who behaved responsibly and yet still found themselves in jeopardy because of the predatory practices of some in the financial industry .
“ These are folks who signed contracts they did n’t always understand offered by lenders who did n’t always tell the truth .
They were lured in by promises of low payments and never made aware of the fine print and hidden fees . ”
Opponents of the agency said it would limit consumer choice and restrict access to credit by dictating what types of loans and other financial products people could get .
Some have dubbed it the “ Financial Services Product Approval Agency . ”
“ The Obama administration and House Democrats have proposed creating a massive new government bureaucracy with unrestrained power to ration credit and undermine personal choice , ” said Rep. Spencer Bachus ( R - Ala . ) , the top Republican on the Financial Services committee .
Advertisement
House Republicans have proposed their own overhaul that includes an office of consumer protection in a new single banking regulatory agency .
An official from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce said the group agreed with Obama that consumers need greater protection but opposed the creation of “ a massive new federal agency with unprecedented powers over vast segments of the business community . ”
“ The proposed CFPA will exacerbate the weaknesses of the current system that clearly failed , restrict access to credit and make it more costly for consumers and businesses , ” said David Hirschmann , president of the chamber ’s Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness .
Obama specifically criticized the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , which last month launched a $ 2 - million ad campaign against the new consumer agency .
He noted that the group had spent nearly $ 500 million on lobbying over the last 10 years and now was fighting along with financial institutions “ to keep every gap and loophole they can find ” in U.S. regulations .
Advertisement
“ These Americans ca n’t afford high - priced lobbyists to argue their case , ” he said of the five consumers who attended the event .
“ They ’re counting on us to be their advocates , to be their voice , to restore a sense of responsibility from Wall Street to Washington . ”
--
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
( Health.com ) --
Some children and teens are more likely than their peers to become addicted to the Internet , and a new study suggests it 's more likely to happen if kids are depressed , hostile , or have attention deficit hyperactivity disorder or social phobia .
Teenagers who use the Internet so much that it interferes with everyday life and decision - making may be addicted .
Although an Internet addiction is not an official diagnosis , signs of a potential problem include using the Internet so much for game playing or other purposes that it interferes with everyday life and decision - making ability .
( The diagnosis is being considered for the 2012 edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , the " bible " of mental ailments published by the American Psychiatric Association ) .
Past research suggests that 1.4 percent to 17.9 percent of adolescents are addicted to the Internet , with percentages higher in Eastern nations than in Western nations , according to the study published Monday in the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine .
The Internet as therapy
In the survey of 2,293 seventh - grade students in Taiwan , 10.8 percent developed an Internet addiction , which was determined by a high score on an Internet addiction scale .
Definitions vary , but an Internet addiction usually includes symptoms such as spending a lot of time on the Internet ( especially more time than intended ) , an inability to cut back on usage , a preoccupation with online activities , and symptoms of withdrawal such as anxiety , boredom , or irritability after a few days of not going online .
The researchers from Kaohsiung Medical University Hospital , in Taiwan , followed the youngsters for two years and found that ADHD and hostility were linked to Internet addiction in children in general .
In girls -- but not boys -- depression and social phobia also predicted problems .
Health.com : Therapy that can help depression
Boys were at a higher risk of Internet addiction than girls , and those who used the Internet for more than 20 hours a week , every day , or for online gaming , were at higher risk as well .
Michael Gilbert , a senior fellow at the Center for the Digital Future at the University of Southern California 's Annenberg School for Communication , says the findings were no surprise .
" The study 's indication that children who are hyperactive or diagnosed ADHD are finding an outlet on the Web makes such perfect sense , " he says , because those children crave the constant stimulation of fast - paced video games and interactive social networks .
Health.com :
What your teen needs to know about sex
Kids with depression , anger issues , or social problems also turn to the Internet as therapy , adds Gilbert , who was not involved in the study .
" They can take on an avatar or a different identity , and can contact other kids with the same problems and social inadequacies ; they do n't have to function in conventional social ways . "
And while Gilbert is not surprised by the research -- he regularly studies the impact of the Internet and cell phone usage on family relationships -- he says it 's important that it is given the attention it deserves .
" I do n't get the feeling when I talk to therapists that they really understand the concept of addiction to the Internet , " he says .
" They think more in terms of pornography sites or gambling sites specifically , but Internet addiction itself is not fully understood yet by the therapeutic community . "
What parents , doctors , and teachers can do
Internet addiction may be not as widespread in the U.S. -- or at least not as well recognized -- as in Asian countries .
In 2008 , for example , a Chinese survey showed that more than four million teenagers spend more than six hours a day online .
Health.com :
How to care for someone who is suicidal
But if at - risk children -- such as those identified in the Taiwanese study -- are given sufficient time and exposure without careful monitoring , Internet addiction could easily become one of the most chronic childhood diseases in America , says Dr. Dimitri A. Christakis of the Center for Child Health , Behavior , and Development , in Seattle .
Our culture practically mandates time online , he says , with Wi-Fi connections in coffee shops and BlackBerries and iPhones that allow Internet access almost anywhere .
" It would be as if we mandated that everyone drink two beers every day or everyone gamble for an hour every day , " says Christakis .
Internet addiction among younger generations may often go unnoticed , however , because parents and pediatricians themselves are using the Web more than they 'd like .
Health.com : Health hazards hidden in college dorms
Since adolescents cannot easily avoid computers , treatment for addiction cannot simply involve abstaining from the Internet , says Christakis .
Parents , educators , and medical professionals need to identify high - risk children early on and monitor their Internet usage to prevent problem behavior from forming .
Time on the Internet needs to be monitored as well , especially for children who may be at high risk for addiction because of depression , ADHD , or social problems , says Christakis .
" You can't tell a kid never to use the Internet the way you 'd tell an alcoholic never to have a drink again , " he adds .
" But parents need to be thinking about what types of Internet or online gaming are particularly addictive .
Ones that allow for continuous , real - time feedback are particularly risky . "
Gilbert says that families should strive to make the Internet a healthy part of their home life .
" Putting the computer in a very public place , like the hallway , can integrate the Internet into normal life , rather than it becoming something you go off and do in secret , " he says .
Health.com : I 'm bipolar and struggle with addiction
Teachers and health - care professionals should also take the potential for Internet addiction seriously , according to Christakis , who cowrote an editorial published with the study .
" Our intention in raising this concern is not to be alarmist but rather to alert pediatricians to what might become a major public health problem for the United States in the 21st century , " he writes .
The National Science Council of Taiwan funded the study .
Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
All About Psychology • Attention Deficit Disorders • Addiction and Recovery
MARION , Ala . —
Two Alabama families that had been fighting for years turned their feud into a full - scale riot yesterday outside a small - town city hall , with up to 150 screaming people hurling tire irons and wielding baseball bats .
Eight people were arrested , and at least four were hurt , police said .
Two were taken to hospitals .
The police chief was hit in the head with a crowbar but was OK .
The two - or three - year - old feud apparently prompted a fight earlier in the day at a high school , after a window was shot out of a home Sunday night .
Then , “ all hell broke loose ” later in the day , said Sgt. Carlton Hogue of the Perry County Sheriff ’s Department .
“ It was a full - scale riot is what it was , ” said Tony Long , mayor of the town of 3,300 about 85 miles west of Montgomery .
Hogue said the rioters were “ throwing jack irons , throwing tire irons , anything they could get their hands on . ”
Some people carried baseball bats and brooms .
The mayor said he was n’t sure what sparked the fracas .
Judson College , a church - affiliated women ’s school with about 300 students in downtown Marion , issued an alert asking students to stay out of the downtown area for 24 hours .
During World War II , the Army Corps of Engineers wanted to hide the Lockheed Burbank Aircraft Plant in case the Japanese decided to attack the West Coast .
So , of course , they built a fake subdivision on its roof .
Using camouflage netting and trompe l'oeil , they brilliantly disguised the enormous plant as something completely benign .
Just look at these before and after pictures !
Fortunately , it all ended up being unnecessary , but what a cool example of creative thinking in a time of crisis .
[ Think or Thwim , Thanks , Jason ! ]
Advertisement
Advertisement
The scientific theory ( which we ’ve all heard at least once and which we totally remember because it ’s so profound ) is that the mere act of observing something ( anything ! ) changes it .
Just looking at molecules under a microscope changes them !
Dude …?
Yeah .
Anyway but what about a sporting event ?
A concert ?
Why would watching it on YouTube change it ?
Ah , but it does !
Just knowing something , let ’s say a music concert , is being recorded changes the experience itself !
And you do know it ’s being recorded .
Because you can see the guy over there with the camera ?
See him ?
Yeah .
Well , now you wo n’t take your bra off anymore .
Because someday you might want to run for first - lady .
And of course the band will play differently , without your bra .
In fact , the whole mood is different .
Everything is different now .
Because of your ambition .
You bitch .
+1 for science .
Are We Witnessing the Demise of the Dollar ?
Speculation persists about a new global currency to replace greenback .
Oct. 6 , 2009  --
Is the dollar 's status as the world 's reserve currency in jeopardy ?
How are U.S. officials responding ?
And should the average American be worried ?
A report in The Independent newspaper today , citing Gulf Arab and Chinese banking sources in Hong Kong , said that Gulf Arab countries -- joined by China , Russia , Japan and France -- are planning to move away from pricing oil in dollars to using an array of currencies including the Japanese yen , the Chinese yuan , the euro , gold , and a new unified currency in the Gulf Co-operation Council including Saudi Arabia , Abu Dhabi , Kuwait , and Qatar .
Asked about this report today , a Treasury Department official had no comment .
However , U.S. officials have been vocal in recent weeks about emphasizing their confidence in the dollar .
" A strong dollar is very important to this country .
I mean that , and it's very important that people recognize it , " Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner said last week at the Newseum in Washington .
" It does bring special responsibilities and burdens on the United States and it is very important that we make not just Americans but make the world understand that we are going to go back to living within our means .
And that we are going to make sure that our independent Federal Reserve keeps inflation low and stable over time , " he said .
Earlier that day at a House Financial Services committee hearing , Fed chief Ben Bernanke stated flatly that there was " no immediate risk " to the dollar .
The central bank chairman was responding to a lawmaker 's question about World Bank president Robert Zoellick 's comments earlier last week that the United States should not " take for granted " the dollar 's status because it will be challenged in the future by a growing number of other options .
" I agree with two things Mr. Zoellick said , " replied Bernanke .
" The first is , I believe he said that there is no immediate risk to the dollar -- this is a relatively long - term issue .
I also agree with him , though , that if we do n't get our macro house in order , that that will put the dollar in danger and that the most critical element there is long - term fiscal stability . "
At the G - 20 summit in Pittsburgh in September , Geithner also stated his faith in the dollar .
" A strong dollar is very important in the United States , " he told a press conference Sept. 24 .
" We have a special responsibility here in the United States to make sure we are doing the things in this country to preserve confidence in the U.S. financial system , confidence that 's very important to sustain the dollar 's role as the principal reserve currency in the international financial system .
And we expect , as I think countries around the world expect , the dollar to retain that position for a very long time . "
Meanwhile , a number of the countries cited in The Independent report are publicly refuting the story today .
According to Bloomberg News , Saudi Arabia 's Central Bank Governor Muhammad al - Jasser called the report " absolutely incorrect " and said " absolutely nothing " of that nature has been discussed between the world 's largest oil exporter and other countries .
Kuwaiti Oil Minister Sheikh Ahmed - Al Abdullah said in Kuwait City that Gulf Arab countries have no plans to ditch the dollar in oil pricing .
Russia 's Finance Ministry is not holding talks about the issue , according to an Interfax report citing Deputy Finance Minister Dmitry Pankin .
Also , Algeria 's Finance Minister Karim Djoudi told Reuters , " I do n't see a need for oil trade to be denominated differently . "
Currently , many officials are gathered in Istanbul for last week 's G - 7 meetings and this week 's meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank .
On Tuesday , a United Nations official said a new global reserve currency would help retract the United States ' " privilege " of running up a massive trade deficit .
" Important progress in managing imbalances can be made by reducing the reserve currency country 's privilege to run external deficits in order to provide international liquidity , " said the UN 's under - secretary general for economic and social affairs Sha Zukang .
Eswar Prasad , Cornell University 's senior professor of trade policy , told ABC News today that the dollar 's status is " fragile " but it is " not quite in demise yet because there is not a clear strong alternative . "
Some possible alternatives would be the Chinese yuan , known as the renminbi , the currency for the most populous nation , and the euro , the world 's most actively traded currency after the dollar .
Prasad said the average American should " definitely be worried " if the dollar loses its position as the world 's reserve currency .
" If the dollar maintains that status and the rest of the world is willing to accept dollars and buy dollar - denominated bonds issued by the U.S. government , then essentially it allows the U.S. government to partly finance its operations through financing provided by other countries , " Prasad told ABC News .
" If the dollar did not have that status , it would be much harder for the U.S. government to run large deficits because all the bonds would then have to be purchased by U.S. residents , which would drive up interest rates and thereby affect the average American . "
" If you are the average Joe , you should definitely be worried because if the U.S. dollar loses its status it is going to mean higher borrowing costs for the U.S. government , which will mean the average Joe will have to pay higher taxes , the U.S. government will spend less on services , and there will be higher interest rates -- or some combination of the above . "
John Williamson , a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington , said the demise of the dollar is hardly imminent .
" I do n't think it 's true in any imminent sense , " he stated .
" If we 're talking 50 years , it may be true .
If we 're talking the next two to three years , I do n't think it 's realistic . "
Williamson noted that there are two schools of thought among economists on this issue .
" Some think it really would n't have any major impact .
Others think the impact of the reserve role of the dollar is quite important , quite fundamental , to allow it to run up the types of deficits it 's run in real years .
I'm in the school that tends to think it 's less essential to keep the dollar as reserve currency . "
One fear , he observed , was that the leading foreign holders of U.S. government debt , China and Japan , would elect to hold assets from other countries instead .
" I doubt it makes that much of a difference , " Williamson said .
" They 'd have to decide to hold something else instead .
The euro is realistic to some extent .
The renminbi would doubtlessly become realistic .
But I do n't think that there 's a realistic alternative right now . "
Obama , speaking to donors to the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) , said he did n’t have sympathy for those “ sitting on the sidelines and rooting for failure . ”
He then embraced a new campaign by the DNC that invites Republicans to “ grab a mop ” and help clean up what Democrats say is a mess created by the Bush administration .
“ I do n’t mind cleaning up the mess that some other folks made , that ’s what I signed up to do , " Obama said .
“ But while I ’m there mopping the floor I do n’t want someone saying ‘ You ’re not mopping fast enough or you ’re not holding the mop the right way . ’
Grab a mop !
Why do n’t you help clean up ? ”
The president also noted the support healthcare reform has garnered from big - name Republicans such as the former Senate GOP leaders Bob Dole and Bill Frist .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ You ’ve got a whole bunch of Republicans who are saying ‘ Yeah we should do this ” except those are all retired Republicans – Bob Dole and Bill Frist - and last time I checked they are not socialist , ” Obama said .
" And they think it ’s important to get this done .
That ’s a model for what everyone needs to be thinking .
” Obama , singled out the Senate Finance Committee bill after praising all of the healthcare bills that have been moved by Congress .
“ All the bills that have been passed , despite the various differences , all of them would provide help to millions of people who do n’t have coverage , ” Obama said .
He noted that the Finance bill would provide health insurance to 29 million people now uninsured .
The president also urged Democrats to fall in line and not lose focus on passing reform .
“ There are going to be some fierce arguments in the days ahead , that ’s how it should be , that ’s how our democracy works , " Obama said .
" But I want all the Democrats who are in the house to understand what a profound potential achievement this is and stay focused on the goal line .
” The president said lawmakers are coming to the table because reform is inevitable .
“ We ’ve got people who are engaging even if they do n’t want to engage because they realize it ’s not a matter of what , it ’s a matter of when , ” Obama said .
JERUSALEM , July 22 ( Reuters ) - Israel will remove from school textbooks an Arabic term that describes the 1948 creation of the Jewish state as a " catastrophe " , the Education Ministry said on Wednesday .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said when he was opposition leader two years ago the word " nakba " in Israeli Arab schools was tantamount to spreading propaganda against Israel .
The term , which is not part of the curriculum in schools in Jewish communities , was introduced into a book for use in Arab schools in 2007 when the Education Ministry was run by Yuli Tamir of the centre - left Labour party .
The book was aimed at children , aged 8 and 9 .
Arab citizens make up about a fifth of Israel 's population of seven million .
The term nakba is used by Palestinians to describe the founding of Israel in a war when some 700,000 Palestinians fled or were expelled from their homes .
" After studying the matter with education experts it was decided that the term nakba should be removed .
It is inconceivable that in Israel we would talk about the establishment of the state as a catastrophe , " said Yisrael Twito , a spokesman for Education Minister Gideon Saar .
A passage in the textbook , describing the 1948 Middle East war at the time of Israel 's creation , said : " The Arabs call the war the nakba -- a war of catastrophe , loss and humiliation -- and the Jews call it the Independence War . "
Jafar Farrah , director of Mossawa , an Israeli - Arab advocacy group , said the decision to remove the term only " complicated the conflict " .
He called it an attempt to distort the truth and seek confrontation with the country 's Arab population .
( Additional reporting by Allyn Fisher - Ilan ; Writing by Ori Lewis ; Editing by Jon Hemming )
All great causes involve a tension between collective belief and individual action .
A shared agreement that something must be done is not enough to win the battle if people do nothing .
This is especially true of the fight against climate change , which must involve all of humanity over many decades , working together to achieve something that none can see or touch and that can only be measured by scientists : an end to the rapid increase of climate change gases in the atmosphere .
Faced with this , even the most generous - spirited of people could be forgiven for feeling daunted – surrendering , perhaps , to the hope that someone else will solve the problem .
Urged to do their bit , individuals may wait instead for governments to act , or engineers to come up with technical fixes , or just give in to the comforting but scientifically - unsupported gamble that calamity may be avoided if things go on as they are .
Today , the Guardian lends its support to a new movement that aims to defy such fatalism .
The 10:10 campaign does not claim that climate change can be wished away through a series of small personal measures taken in Britain alone ; it fully supports the need for a deal at the Copenhagen summit in December and for great economies such as the US and China to change too .
But if the international agreement is to mean anything , the way people live in this country must change .
The 10:10 campaign – named after its target of helping people reduce their individual carbon emissions by 10 % in 2010 – will put pressure on government to meet its promises , but it will also have an immediate effect .
Climate change gases , once in the atmosphere , stay there .
The faster emissions fall now , the less will have to be done later .
All calls for individual environmental responsibility tread a tricky path .
On the one hand there is a large and committed green movement , represented this week by the climate camp now in place where the Peasants '
Revolt once gathered in Blackheath in south - east London .
Many of its supporters , for the best of reasons , want human life to change radically and immediately : an end to the global free market , to meat - eating , to air travel , to all coal - produced electricity .
They disapprove of mechanisms to bring down carbon emissions such as the European Union 's carbon trading scheme ; some dislike technological solutions such as carbon capture and storage .
The trouble with these ambitions is that they are never likely to be supported by the majority of the population , who , if told that such things are essential to stop climate change , may simply give up trying altogether .
But at the other extreme lies an even more unrealistic response : to pretend that all that individuals need to do is make tiny adjustments to their lives – change a light bulb and save the world – while government sorts out the rest at very little cost .
The fight is going to be much harder than that .
And even if it eventually repays its costs , as Lord Stern has argued , the bills will arrive first and the savings later .
The new campaign hopes to avoid both pitfalls .
As writers explain in the Guardian today and through the next year , individuals have a moral obligation to act which can be met without abandoning the good things about life as it is lived today .
Houses can still be heated , but must be insulated too .
All sorts of food can still be eaten , but perhaps less meat and less often , and where possible that food should have travelled less far .
Walk more , drive less – such things are so obvious that they can seem petty , and yet if enough people and organisations in Britain do them regularly , the effect can be immense .
Britain 's emissions have fallen since 1990 .
They must keep on falling sharply : current emissions of over 10 tonnes per capita must drop to two tonnes by 2050 .
This new campaign will not be enough to achieve that .
But it is more than a start ; it is the direction Britain must take , if the world as we know it is to survive .
• Sign up for 10:10 now
[ Haskell ] ANNOUNCE : qtHaskell - 1.1.3
A new release of qtHaskell ( version 1.1.3 ) is available at http://qthaskell.berlios.de
See the documentation provided on - line and with the downloads -- in particular the " qtHaskell primer " -- for details of the new features .
David Harley -- Using Opera 's revolutionary e-mail client : http://www.opera.com/mail/
-------------- next part
--------------
Skipped content of type multipart / related
Democracy Now !
report , September 22 , 2009 .
Click HERE for program transcript .
[ Follow the latest developments live ( in Spanish ) on Telesur and Radio Globo Honduras . ]
Federico Fuentes , Caracas
By
September 22 , 2009 — Green Left Weekly --
The dictatorship in Honduras , which overthrew the elected government of President Manuel Zelaya on June 28 , has unleashed a wave of repression against the masses of people who have taken to the streets following Zelaya 's dramatic return on September 21 .
Zelaya , who was exiled by the military , secretly entered the country , travelled to the Honduran capital of Tegucigalpa and sought asylum in the Brazil embassy two days ago .
Masses of his poor supporters , who have waged three months of peaceful resistance against the coup , gathered outside the embassy — defying the coup regime ’s imposition of a total curfew .
Dirian Pereira , a member of the international commission of the National Resistance Front Against the Coup in Honduras ( FNRG ) told Green Left Weekly from Tegucigalpa : “ The repression has extended into the neighbourhoods [ of Tegucigalpa ] and other parts of the country .
There has been repression in La Canada , which has a high population of teachers .
Similarly in Cerro del Picacho and other places .
They are raiding houses and launching tear gas canisters everywhere , with is obvious affecting the population a lot . ”
Pereira said “ some 2000 people were being detained on the outskirts of the city ” , while around 150 had been jailed in Tegucigalpa and 50 in San Pedro Sula .
Images are also emerging of large numbers of protesters being rounded up and detained in a soccer stadium in Tegucigalpa .
The coup regime began its wave of repression around 4 am on September 22 when the military launched a brutal attack on protesters gathered outside the Brazil embassy .
They had been gathering there since the previous day to welcome Zelaya back .
The brutal repression forced protesters to leave the area .
Soldiers then raided the two surrounding houses , blocked off all road access to the embassy , and cut off the embassy ’s electricity and water .
Tear gas has also been launched into embassy grounds and ear - piercing noise blasted into the area in an attempt to force Zelaya out .
“ The fear is that they will attack the embassy ... they may even try and assassinate Mel [ as Zelaya is popularly known ] , although this is speculation ” , Pereira said .
In light of the “ extreme repression , the National Resistance Front will be meeting in the next few hours to decide what position to take ” , added Pereira .
The website of the FNRG posted a declaration calling on “ all of the resistance ” to participate in “ a peaceful march tomorrow , September 23 at 8 am in front of the Pedagogical University Francisco Morazan ” .
Zelaya returns — the people celebrate
By Federico Fuentes , Caracas
Green Left Weekly -- September 21 , 2009 — “ Telgucigalpa is one big party ” , said Dirian Pereira , member of the international commission of the National Resistance Front Against the Coup in Honduras , speaking to Green Left Weekly over the phone from the Honduran capital .
President Manuel Zelaya , who was overthrown by a military coup on June 28 , returned to Honduras on September 21 and took refuge in Brazil 's embassy in Telgucigalpa .
Thousands of people have gathered in the capital to welcome him back almost three months after the military kidnapped him at gunpoint in the early hours of the morning and flew him into exile in Costa Rica .
Mass resistance on the streets from the poor majority , demanding “ their ” president 's return , has continued unabated since .
From the Brazilian embassy , Zelaya called for the Honduran people to celebrate on the streets .
The coup regime responded by announcing a curfew .
The Honduran people celebrate the return of ``Mel ' ' .
Photo : Sky News .
“ The people are totally ignoring the curfew ” , Pereira said .
“ The curfew started at 4 pm , right about the time that most people are leaving work .
All of this is a demonstration of the desperation of the coup regime that wants everyone to simply go home .
But the people are coming out of work and are not going to their home .
Many have gone to the Brazilian embassy to greet their president .
It is a big party . ”
Pereira said people were flooding in from all parts of the country to hold for a massive mobilisation on September 22 .
“ The buses that are arriving from San Pedro Sula , that are arriving from many other parts of the country , are being stopped on the outskirts of Tegulcigalpa .
But the people are simply stepping off the bus and marching together into the centre . ”
President Manuel Zelaya greets supporters from inside Brazil 's Telgucigalpa embassy .
Photo : Sky News .
For the Honduran elite behind the coup , Zelaya ’s crimes included increasing the minimum wage by 60 % and blocking privatisations .
His biggest crime , however , was to open a democratic process to change the constitution .
Similar process have occurred in recent years in Venezuela , Bolivia and Ecuador — with the poor and indigenous peoples winning many important rights for the first time .
On June 28 , a non-binding referendum had been organised that asked whether the Honduran people supported the calling of a constituent assembly to discuss , debate and vote on a new constitution .
Zelaya had also developed closer relations with countries such as Venezuela and Cuba , joining the anti-imperialist Bolivarian Alternative of Our Americas ( ALBA ) bloc .
After almost 90 days of mass resistance and daily protests on the streets , combined with a diplomatic offensive to restore democracy headed by Zelaya and the ALBA nations , “ Mel ” , as he is warmly referred to by the poor sectors of Honduran society , has finally returned to Honduras .
He is calling on the people to mobilise and ensure that legitimate government is restored .
Asked what could be expected to occur in the next few hours , Pereira told GLW : “ This is still to be seen , because the de facto government says that nothing is happening , that Honduras is calm and that all of this is the result of the curfew .
The curfew was enacted in order to intimidate the people so that they would not go and join those from the resistance front at the embassy .
They did it to create fear in the population .
“ They say that they will not negotiate … but Mel has come with the intention of negotiating .
We do n’t know what will happen ... but we are continuing to demand a constituent assembly . ”
A delegation from the Organization of American States is set to arrive in Honduras on September 22 Honduras .
The OAS has been promoting Plan Arias , drawn up by mediators , which would see Zelaya restored to power , but with his hands tied and forced to accept power - sharing arrangements with those who overthrew him .
Pereira said the problem for the popular organisations and the National Resistance Front is that “ the Plan Arias does not contemplate a constituent assembly .
As far as we know , there is also a UN commission coming .
“ We will see what happens , but regardless the organizations are here demanding a constituent assembly . ”
[ Green Left Weekly hopes to have ongoing coverage on the dramatic developments in the struggle for democracy and justice in Honduras in the coming days . ]
National Resistance Front Against the Coup condemns repression
September 22 , 2009 --
To the national and international community we denounce that at the first hours of the morning a strong contingent of police and military violently attacked the peaceful protest that was happening around the Brazillian embassy to celebrate the return of the legitimate President Manuel Zelaya Rosales .
The repressive bodies made use of firearms , teargas , pepper spray and rubber bullets against people who were in the area , some of which were still sleeping .
There are people injured from bullets and gravely beaten in the Hospital Escuela .
The exact number of detained is unknown .
We condemn these acts of barbarity that are rooted in a state of siege that violates fundamental human rights .
To the human rights organisations and the peoples and governments of the world , we call to join in repudiation against the brutal actions of the de facto regime installed by the Honduran oligarchy .
To the Honduran people we urge you to stay alert to the next instructions emanating from the coordinators of the Resistance .
Via Campesina :
The resistance does not stop and President Zelaya arrives in Honduras !
In spite of the repression , the end is near for the coup regime !
By Via Campesina
September 22 , 2009 --
After 86 days of struggle and resistence from the heroic people of Honduras against the military coup , this day started the fall of the coup regime with the arrival of the deposed president Manuel Zelaya to Tegucigalpa .
An enormous mobilisation of masses , from all corners of the country , started to arrive to the capital city to receive president Zelaya , to demand his restitution and put an end to the coup regime led by Roberto Micheletti .
Since the early morning , once the news of the return of the president got out , thousands of hondurans arrived first at the offices of the United Nations and then marched toward the Brazilian Embassy to receive Zelaya .
There , president Zelaya met with a commission of the National Resisatnce Front Against the Coup .
Immediately the coupsters mobilised thousands of soldiers and officials of the National Police to intimidate and try to control the uncontainable wave of Hondurans who were yelling , Yes we can !
Yes we can !
The aggressions and intimidations of military forces of the regime , throughout the day , did not manage to intimidate or unmotivate the pacific but militant and willing to resist , demonstration .
Thus , the regime decreed a curfew starting at 4 o’clock in the afternoon and Micheletti issued a public warning of heightened enforcement against the people .
But no one can detain these heroic people .
Despite the machinery of repression of Micheletti’s coup regime , with deaths , injured , imprisoned and disappeared , the people , gathered in the National Resistance Front Against the Coup , the marches , the blockades , the cultural activities of prostest and the concentration of masses have not ceased , on the contrary , they have spread across the entire country in opposition to the coup .
Since the beginning , the resistence identified very clearly their objectives : 1 . The restoration of the legitimate presidency of Zelaya .
2 . The celebration of a Constitutional Assembly .
3 . Reform the constitution to construct a true popular and sovereign democracy .
Now is the beginning of the construction of popular democracy which mobilised thousands of workers , peasants , women , indigenous , afrodecendents , teachers , students , human rights activists and the general population , since Sunday the 28 of June , when the military captured president Zelaya , deported him to Costa Rica , and installed a usurper as president .
But also the most difficult phase of the struggle is to come , as the coup regime , cornered by the popular struggle , is capable of committing bloody repressions in an attempt to seize power .
The following days will be the most difficult for the resistance struggle .
Therefore , La Via Campesina makes an urgent call to its member organisations , to allied social movements and all people of the world to be on red alert and dispatch international solidarity as widely as possible to detain attempts of tragic repression against the Honduran people and its leadership , and to ensure the immediate fall of the coup .
We are making a call to send international missions to accompany the Honduran people in these next days , and to demand that your goverments acts now to put an end to the coup regime and to collect funds to economically support the struggle .
GLOBALISE THE STRUGGLE , GLOBALISE HOPE !
Via Campesina
* La Via Campesina
International peasant movement
Movimiento campesino internacional
Mouvement paysan international secretaria operativa / operative secretariat :
Jln. Mampang Prapatan XIV no 5 Jakarta Selatan , Jakarta 12790 Indonesia Tel / fax : +62-21-7991890/+62-21-7993426
Email : viacampesina@viacampesina.org
Seven million Hondurans under house arrest as Micheletti writes of `democracy '
September 22 , 2009 at 1:52 pm
The audacious attack targeted the army 's headquarters
The Taliban say they were responsible for a weekend attack on the military headquarters in northern Pakistan which left at least 19 people dead .
Spokesman Azam Tariq said the attack was carried out by a Punjab faction of the group .
Armed militants ambushed the base in Rawalpindi , near Islamabad , taking hostages before being overpowered .
Azam Tariq said it was to avenge the recent killing of Pakistani Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud by a US drone .
In a telephone call to news agencies , the spokesman warned of further attacks .
" We will take revenge for our martyrs and will carry out more attacks , whether it's the GHQ [ the army 's general headquarters ] or something bigger , " he was quoted as telling Reuters .
In the wake of the assault , Pakistan 's Interior Minister Rehman Malik said the military would " imminently " launch an operation in South Waziristan , site of strongholds of the Taliban and al - Qaeda .
On Monday , more than 20 people were killed in a bombing near Swat valley in north - west Pakistan .
The explosion hit a security convoy in Shangla district - an area the military said it had retaken from the militants .
Punjab link
Six soldiers and four militants died in the initial assault on the army HQ on Saturday , in one of the seemingly most secure parts of the country .
The remaining attackers took dozens of hostages inside the facility before commandos stormed the building a day later .
One insurgent , named by police as Aqeel , or Dr Usman , was captured alive .
On Monday a case against him was officially registered by police .
Local media reports say that he was a resident of a village near Kahuta in Rawalpindi district .
Analysts say his arrest points to the increasing involvement of insurgents based in the Punjab district in militancy across the north - west .
Taliban militants have traditionally been recruited from Pakistan 's volatile north - western tribal regions .
After Baitullah Mehsud was killed by a US missile in early August , there was a relative lull in Taliban attacks .
But the last few weeks has seen a resurgence in militant activity .
A Wrinkle in Time , by Madeleine L'Engle .
To make a long story short , I read it and fell in love with words and ideas .
When I was 10 , my eye caught a curious title on my school library shelves .
It was , by Madeleine L'Engle .
To make a long story short , I read it and fell in love with words and ideas .
Later , I learned that this splendid piece of literature has often been banned because its ideas about witchcraft may be too powerful for an impressionable child 's mind .
I also became vaguely aware that other highly - acclaimed books were occasionally banned in small - minded corners of the earth .
But for decades , book - banning seemed a pretty remote concept to me -- something that happened in far - away , unlit places .
The Bookseller of Kabul , by Asne Seierstad , and No more .
As I write this , book lovers are gathering in a park about 100 yards from this very same middle school ( in Wyoming , Ohio , a suburb of Cincinnati ) to protest a chilling response by the local school board to a parent 's complaint about two highly - acclaimed books on the high school reading list .
( The books are : , by Asne Seierstad , and The Perks Being of a Wallflower , by Stephen Chbosky . )
Did the board respectfully remind the parent that he could have his child work with a teacher to read something else instead ?
Did the board immediately show complete confidence in its teachers and librarians ?
No .
The board declared that the school selection process had not been properly followed ( refusing to provide details ) , and that all that approved books will be reviewed by a special committee according to four criteria :
• The relationship to the course of study ;
• The uniqueness of the content that is not adequately provided in district materials ;
• The appropriateness of the content for the maturity and comprehension levels of the students ; and ,
• The extent to which the content could create controversy among student , parents , and community groups .
Controversy , of course , being a negative .
I checked this with the Wyoming Superindendent Dr. Gail Kist - Kline .
She confirmed that if a book was found to be controversial , the principal would have to re-review it in light of its controversial nature .
She also vigorously disagreed with the characterization from many that the Board is flirting with the notion of banned books .
But to my eyes , and to many others , two very disturbing actions are taking place : first , the lack of support for teachers who have chosen obviously very distinguished books ; second , and more importantly , the nature of a review which gives zero credence to quality and extraordinary credence to controversy .
It is , of course , entirely appropriate for a school board to investigate any parent 's complaint .
And I get the impression that Dr. Kist - Kline would personally be upset and even ashamed if a highly - acclaimed approved book were later un-approved .
She understands that the national reputation of Wyoming 's schools -- U.S. News & World Report ranked it the 50th best high school in the nation in 2009 -- would immediately and forever be tarnished .
It would drop off that list faster than you can say " literature matters . "
But what Dr. Kist - Kline and the Wyoming School Board do n't seem to get is that a political review that gives great weight to controversy is , in itself , a profound retreat from the highest educational standards .
My old Wyoming classmate Francesca ( Schmid ) Thomas , now president of the Parents - Teachers group for her local high school in Arizona , puts it this way :
The Board is not standing up for academic excellence , in my mind .
If two parents object , how are we serving the vast majority of students if we eliminate the book from the selected readings ?
There are plenty of parents who have crazy ideas about what your children should hear , but that does not mean we should let them run our schools .
Books need to be selected by professionally trained teachers based on their academic and intellectual merit .
A quality education requires the inclusion of controversial material , especially at the high school level , so that students can achieve their academic objectives while simultaneously becoming critical thinkers .
Since state academic standards focus on broad objectives , not specific books , it is incumbent on teachers and administrators to open the eyes and minds of our students to the enormously complicated world in which we live in the context of the classroom .
If public schools succumb to the pressures of vocal minorities to limit the educational experience of students , by diminishing access to materials deemed controversial by some , then we will relegate the vast majority of students in our country to a sub - standard level of education .
To have a Board of elected citizens give such weight to controversy is bad policy .
It should be changed .
Whenever we pit " educational merit " versus " controversy , " we censor , plain and simple .
If this can happen in Wyoming , Ohio , it can happen anywhere .
And consider some of the books that have been banned or challenged over the years .
According to the American Library Association 's Office for Intellectual Freedom , 42 of the Radcliffe Publishing Course Top 100 Novels of the 20th Century " have been the target of ban attempts . "
Here is that list , each book next to its corresponding number from the Radcliffe 100 list :
1. The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald
2. The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger
3 . The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck
4. To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee
5 . The Color Purple by Alice Walker
6. Ulysses by James Joyce
7. Beloved by Toni Morrison
8. The Lord of the Flies by William Golding
9. 1984 by George Orwell
11 . Lolita by Vladmir Nabokov
12 . Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck
15 . Catch - 22 by Joseph Heller
16 . Brave New World by Aldous Huxley
18 . The Sun Also Rises by Ernest Hemingway
19 . As I Lay Dying by William Faulkner
20 . A Farewell to Arms by Ernest Hemingway
21 . Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad
23 . Their Eyes are Watching God by Zora Neale Hurston
24 . Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison
25 . Song of Solomon by Toni Morrison
26 . Gone with the Wind by Margaret Mitchell
27 . Native Son by Richard Wright
28 . One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest by Ken Kesey
29 . Slaughterhouse - Five by Kurt Vonnegut
30 . For Whom the Bell Tolls by Ernest Hemingway
33 . The Call of the Wild by Jack London
36 . Go Tell it on the Mountain by James Baldwin
38 . All the King 's Men by Robert Penn Warren
45 . The Jungle by Upton Sinclair
48 . Lady Chatterley 's Lover by D. H. Lawrence
49 . A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess
53 . In Cold Blood by Truman Capote
55 . The Satanic Verses by Salman Rushdie
64 . Sons and Lovers by D. H. Lawrence
66 . Cat 's Cradle by Kurt Vonnegut
67 . A Separate Peace by John Knowles
73 . Naked Lunch by William S. Burroughs
75 . Women in Love by D. H. Lawrence
80 . The Naked and the Dead by Norman Mailer
84 . Tropic of Cancer by Henry Miller
88 . An American Tragedy by Theodore Dreiser
97 . Rabbit , Run by John Updike
Read great books .
Celebrate great books .
And demand that school boards everywhere celebrate them too .
_______________________
Postscript :
Here is the exact copy of A Wrinkle in Time that I read when I was ten .
A few years ago , I made a swap with the Wyoming Middle School library : their old tattered copy for several brand new copies .
It now sits on my desk , the most cherished book I own .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
James Hartline is the least likely man to change a city , but that is exactly what he is doing .
From fighting illegal porn stores to exposing the corruption within the homosexual agenda , James is being used to confront the powers of darkness in San Diego , California .
James has been interviewed on the 700 Club , XETV , the Paul McGuire Show , KUSI , the SD Reader , SD NewsNotes , American Family Radio , and Night Lights with James Lambert .
Today , James also speaks at many churches , youth groups and civic events .
His newsletter , The James Hartline Report is read by over 50,000 concerned citizens everyday .
His Citizen ’s Alerts have allowed thousands of Christians to contact their local political leaders to influence governmental policy on family values .
His group , the “ Not On My Watch ” Team regularly speaks out at the San Diego City Council .
James is also a prolific writer and Bible teacher .
His weekly , email Bible class , In The Classroom of James Hartline , has influenced many readers with fresh insights in spiritual warfare , as well as Biblical answers to overcoming some of life ’s greatest difficulties .
This article is by Thom Shanker , Peter Baker and Helene Cooper .
WASHINGTON  President Obama ’s advisers are focusing on a strategy for Afghanistan aimed at protecting about 10 top population centers , administration officials said Tuesday , describing an approach that would stop short of an all - out assault on the Taliban while still seeking to nurture long - term stability .
Mr. Obama has yet to make a decision and has other options available to him , but as officials described it , the debate is no longer over whether to send more troops , but how many more will be needed .
The question of how much of the country should fall under the direct protection of American and NATO forces will be central to deciding how many troops will be sent .
At the moment , the administration is looking at protecting Kabul , Kandahar , Mazar - i- Sharif , Kunduz , Herat , Jalalabad and a few other village clusters , officials said .
The first of any new troops sent to Afghanistan would be assigned to Kandahar , the Taliban ’s spiritual capital , seen as a center of gravity in pushing back insurgent advances .
But military planners are also pressing for enough troops to safeguard major agricultural areas , like the hotly contested Helmand River valley , as well as regional highways essential to the economy  tasks that would require significantly more reinforcements beyond the 21,000 deployed by Mr. Obama this year .
As in the case of the house sparrows , mobile towers are posing a serious threat to honey bees , hitting apiculture , which is a source of additional income to rural folk across Kerala , says a study .
Electromagnetic radiation from the mobile towers and cell phones were potent to kill worker bees that go out to collect nectar from flowers , suggests a study by environmentalist and Reader in Zoology , Dr Sainudeen Pattazhy .
Considering the recent plunge in beehive population reported from different parts of Kerala , the trend , if remedial measures are not taken , could even wipe out bees from Kerala within a decade , Pattazhy , who teaches in SN College at Punalur in Kollam district said .
In one of his experiments he found that when a mobile phone was kept near a beehive it resulted in collapse of the colony in five to 10 days , with the worker bees failing to return home , leaving the hives with just queens , eggs and hive - bound immature bees .
Electromagnetic waves emitted by towers were strong enough to cripple the " navigational skills " of the worker bees , who play a vital role in sustaining bee colonies , he said .
A few months ago , a study conducted by a team of environmentalists led by Pattazhy in different spots in Kollam district in Kerala , had found that radiation from mobile towers threatened the very existence of home sparrow , which live in colonies close to human habitats even in urban areas .
Parackal Chacko , a bee keeper from Wayanad , said it was true that there had been mass destruction of bee hives in the area but it was thought to be due to climatic shifts and attack by hostile insects and pests .
" The angle that mobile towers could be a source of threat should be probed , " he said .
Pattazhy , however , said though it required detailed study , it could reasonably be understood that insects and smaller animals were " easily penetrated " by microwaves radiated by mobile towers and phones .
He claimed to have seen changes in the behavioural pattern of bees when they make hives close to mobile towers .
Besides helping farmers earn an additional income through honey and bee -wax , honeybees do great service in pollinating flowers and plants , a vital process that sustains vegetation .
In a colony of an average size , there would be about 20,000 to 31,000 bees comprising a queen and a few hundred drones .
But 90 per cent of the population is made up of the workers .
Recently a sharp decline has been noticed in commercial bee population in Kerala .
The official explanation has been that this happens as bees are susceptible to diseases and fall prey to attacks by wasps , ants , and wax moth and that constant vigilance on the part of the bee keepers can check it .
The farmers have also complained that introduction of exotic varieties of bees to promote apiculture have also done harm as they are unsuitable to climatic conditions of the area .
Also , bees and other insects have survived and evolved complex immune system over a span of millions of years .
" Considering this , it is vital to ponder as to why they suddenly die out .
Naturally , the question would point to human - made factors , Pattazhy said .
The vanished bees are never found , but die far from home .
Bee keepers said several hives have been abruptly abandoned .
If towers and mobile phones further increase , honeybees might even be wiped out in 10 years due to bio active radiation , causing significant alternation in the physiological function of living organisms .
"
The need of the hour is to check unscientific proliferation of mobile towers and promote more studies and come out with practical solutions " , Pattazhy added .
In Kerala there are about six lakh bee hives and 1 to 1.25 lakh people are engaged in apiculture , mostly as an allied activity .
A single hive can yield four to five kg of honey .
Why Dow 10,000 is About as Meaningless as You'd Expect
Now that Wall Street hearts are a - flutter with Dow 10,000 , it ’s worth taking a moment to figure out what the Dow Jones Industrial Average actually tells us about its components .
The Dow is a share price - weighted average , meaning that when the index is figured out the companies with larger share prices carry more weight .
This means that the companies currently with the largest share prices make up a greater portion of the Dow ’s weight than other companies with a lower share price .
These large share price companies include IBM ( nearly 10 percent of the Dow ) , 3M ( over 5 percent ) , and Chevron ( over 5 percent ) , among others .
The Dow components that have been hit the hardest , like Bank of America and Pfizer , now carry substantially less influence on the Dow as a whole .
General Electric , for example , has only a 1.27 percent weight in the Dow .
It ’s another example of how the ongoing parade of “ encouraging ” numbers seem to ring hollow when you dig a little .
See The Reformed Broker for the full analysis and more insight into how the Dow broke 10,000 because IBM shares have n’t split very often .
Questions about Glenn Beck 's faith are being posed by thousands of Internet - browsing Americans still exploring affiliations of the wound - up fury of fiery conservatism .
Searches asking if Glenn Beck is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints have recently reached an all - time high on the Web , according to an analysis of major Internet search engines .
Search no further , gaggle of Googlers .
Yes , Beck is a member of the LDS Church .
" I presently serve as a ward missionary , elder 's quorum teacher and serve with my wife in the stake 's addiction - recovery program , " Beck told the Deseret News on Thursday when asked about his church membership .
Not only is the rowdy international celebrity a member of the LDS Church , but he 's also as active and passionate about his church involvement as he is about his booming career .
From Family Home Evening with " Primary song singing time " to attending church meetings , Beck said he and his " incredible " wife make it work .
The cresting wave of curiosity on the Web over Beck 's membership into a religion widely perceived as peculiar may simply stem from his still - swelling fan base .
" I can't think of any specific reasons for the Mormon thing , but I can tell you his overall image is growing , " said Greg Foster , director of programming for Salt Lake radio station KNRS , one of many stations carrying Beck 's voice to his masses .
" He 's No. 1 in his time slot — not just for talk radio , either .
He 's just No. 1 . I think it 's because he represents the values and opinions of so many right now . "
Beck 's broadcast viewership more than doubled in January when he marched his liberal - thumping act from CNN's Headline News to Fox News , a station largely recognized as a preferred channel for politically conservatives .
The name of the lively host is searched more than twice as much as the name of the current U.S. president .
Google rates words and phrases on a scale from 0 to 100 depending on each query 's reoccurrence .
Beck 's popularity in the past 12 months weighs in on Google 's scale about 46 , while Barack Obama searches landed around 12 .
The specific search term " Glenn Beck Mormon " averages more that twice the searches of " Barack Obama " and even " American Idol , " according to Google data .
Twitter analysis also shows a recent upswing for interest in Beck .
Research from software that takes data from several search engines indicated that Beck 's name was the third - most searched item with the word " Mormon . "
But Web popularity does n't always amount to positive attention — or predict results .
Americans searched Arizona Sen .
John McCain 's name almost 2 to 1 over then - Illinois Sen. Barack Obama during the year before ballots were cast in the presidential election , according to Google .
" With Glenn Beck , I think you 're looking at a very aggressive , very ambitious man who has found a foothold and wants to be even a larger voice for that conservative community , " said Maura Carabello , political strategist for the Exoro Group , a public policy firm .
" So I do n't see him taking the foot off the gas anytime soon . "
Carabello said the latest fascination into Beck 's LDS membership , which came prior to Obama calling Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr. to a U.S. ambassadorship , likely derived from increased national attention to rumors that Huntsman would be called to a Cabinet position , as well as buzz about Mitt Romney 's anticipated presidential run in 2012 .
Both men are members of the LDS Church .
Beck , a conservative lightning rod , said he acts differently from the station to the steeple .
" I think I 'm more passionate about subjects I discuss in church , but I present it in a different way , " Beck said .
" In church , I am in ( God 's ) home , and I always try to remember that . "
Beck recently addressed his congregation about a discourse given by church President Thomas S. Monson , " Be of Good Cheer . "
He 's served the church from various angles during his 10 - year membership , but never from the position of a Primary teacher .
" Not yet , " Beck said .
" I have n't been asked , but when my ward Primary presidency reads this article , I 'm sure I 'll be asked to substitute . "
But that does n't mean the rambunctious host can't wrangle that young age group .
The best - selling author is known for racing home to read to his two youngest children most evenings , but tosses all credit to his wife for keeping the two in line .
" She is an incredible woman who makes what I do possible , " he said .
Beck will be in Utah on Saturday to speak at the Capitol for an annual fundraising gala for George Wythe University , a private , nonprofit school based in Cedar City .
A limited number of tickets for the 6 p.m. event are still available and may be purchased by calling 435-586-6570 .
E-mail : jhancock@desnews.com
Intel has n't been shy about its plans to challenge ARM in the low - power embedded space , and the world 's largest chipmaker is gearing up for the debut of the 32nm process that will enable it to reach new levels of x86 power efficiency .
But ARM is n't sitting still , and the British IP company took a major step last week in bringing the fight back to Intel by boosting its Cortex A9 processor up into Atom territory .
One of the engineers behind Amazon Web Services is even eyeing the part as potential datacenter web server material .
On Wednesday , ARM announced the availability of IP for a 2GHz dual - core A9 processor on TSMC 's 40nm process , which the company claims will offer massively more performance than Atom within a smaller power envelope .
You 'll recall that Cortex A9 is an out - of - order processor , so , unlike the in - order Atom , the A9 should have much better performance per clock on standard integer code .
So while some of ARM 's claims about the performance delta between its 2GHz A9 and Atom may be overblown , the part at 40nm should therefore be more than competitive with a 32nm Atom in performance per watt .
Unfortunately for ARM 's netbook ambitions , Linux is the only netbook OS that matters that runs on ARM , and the jury 's still out on whether it can really take on Windows 7 .
As for Windows on ARM , it just ain't gonna happen , ever .
( Same for Mac OS X on ARM ... and please read that previous link before writing in to inform me that the ARM - based iPhone runs Mac OS X , or that WinMo runs on ARM . )
Given that even the most insanely power - efficient , Atom - smashing 2GHz ARM netbook product is going to be relegated to whatever netbook niche Linux can carve out for it , it 's worth asking what sort of future there is for such a high - powered ARM part .
One idea would be servers , believe it or not .
An ARM - based web server
The idea of building cheap but capable web servers from ARM parts has been enthusiastically floated by James Hamilton , a Vice President and Distinguished Engineer on the Amazon Web Services team .
In a post earlier this month , Hamilton enthused about the idea of using a multicore , cache - coherent ARM SoC to do low - cost , power - efficient web hosting .
" The ARM is a clear win on work done per dollar and work done per joule for some workloads , " Hamilton concludes .
" If a 4 - core , cache coherent version was available with a reasonable memory controller , we would have a very nice server processor with record breaking power consumption numbers . "
Clearly , Wednesday 's 2GHz A9 announcement was right up his alley , so he followed up with a post on the part suggesting that it may be what he 's looking for .
The post features a nice benchmark graph that he got from ARM , showing the 2GHz A9 doubling the performance of a 1.6GHz Atom N270 at EEMBC Coremark .
Those numbers are impressive , but before we talk performance , let 's talk price .
Physicalization and Intel 's margins
What Hamilton is essentially endorsing is " physicalization , " an approach to server design that packs multiple , cheap , low - power systems into a single rack space .
The name is a play on " virtualization , " because instead of having one large , expensive system running multiple virtual machines , you use a fistful of small , cheap physical machines .
The end effect of both is multiple OS instances packed into one rack space .
If you 're thinking that physicalization is an odd use of Moore 's Law , you 're right .
The only thing that makes the technique feasible from a performance per dollar perspective is the fact that Intel charges a fat premium for its higher - end server chips .
Avoiding that premium is the sole reason that anyone would even consider using board - level integration ( i.e. , multiple chips and physicalization ) instead of die - level integration ( i.e. , one Xeon and multiple VMs ) .
But given Intel 's markup , and given a robust ARM ecosystem that keeps ARM prices relatively low , physicalization with something like a 2GHz A9 could well deliver more Linux OS instances per dollar than a regular Xeon - based server .
For performance and performance / watt , there 's more than just the core
If we grant Hamilton that ARM may turn out to be a cheaper way to pack OS instances of acceptable performance into a datacenter ( at least until Intel lowers prices in response ) , it still does n't necessarily follow ( contra comments I see at Hamilton 's blog and elsewhere ) that ARM could just pack four or eight A9 cores onto a die , crank up the clockspeed , and slay Intel 's Nehalem or AMD 's Shanghai in performance / watt at a given absolute performance level .
This is because performance / watt numbers are much higher for low - performance processors than they are for high - performance processors ( GPUs excepted ) .
David Kanter at RealWorldTech has recently posted a great article comparing a number of CPUs and GPUs in performance / watt and performance / mm2 ( die area ) .
Atom is literally off the charts in performance / watt , besting Nehalem by some 3X .
This is n't because Intel sprinkles magical performance / watt pixie dust on Atom — it 's because high performance / watt ratios for individual chips are much easier to achieve at Atom - scale than at Xeon - scale , owing to the much larger amount of system - related complexity and overhead that goes with the Xeon 's much higher level of integration and performance .
As is the case with everything from dinosaurs to automobiles , it just costs more to be bigger and badder , and one of those costs is net energy efficiency .
It 's also the case that for raw performance , interconnects and system architecture issues matter a great deal , and they matter more the more cores and other types of resources ( like high - bandwidth I /O interfaces ) you try to cram onto one die .
The minute you put four or eight of any kind of core onto a single die and try to wire it all together with the best cache hierarchy and the optimal mix of I/O and memory bandwidth , then all of the sudden you 're trying to solve a much harder problem than you are with a simple dual - or quad - core embedded chip .
You 're also playing a high - stakes game where one or design mistakes could blow the whole configuration , and you 're playing it on Intel 's and AMD 's home turf .
In the end , the era of cache - coherent multicore is fundamentally different than the single - core era that preceded it , because in that earlier , simpler era core - specific factors like microarchitecture and clockspeed were all that mattered .
But nowadays , system design and microarchitecture relate to midrange and high - end multicore processor performance somewhat like oxygen and fuel relate to a flame 's heat output — you need both of these elements tuned to give the desired result .
My ultimate point is that any four - core ARM desktop or server processor that shoots at a similar absolute performance target as a four - core Nehalem processor will either look pretty much like a four - core Nehalem , or it wo n't hit the target .
It will also have relatively similar performance / watt characteristics , and will end up competing with Intel and AMD on fab muscle .
Listing image by Atom Smasher ( c ) DC Comics
The bird is usually found in the Far East .
Pic. Dougie Holden Hundreds of birdwatchers have flocked to a South Tyneside quarry after a bird usually found in the forests of Asia was spotted there .
Twitchers from all over the country have descended on Trow Quarry in South Shields after the sighting of an eastern crowned warbler .
News quickly spread on internet message boards after a photo of the bird was posted on Thursday night .
The last reported European sighting of the bird was in Holland in 2007 .
It is believed the bird landed in the quarry after becoming disorientated for some reason .
Significant sighting Birdwatcher Paul Cook , from Whitburn , near South Shields , told the BBC : " There has been nothing like this in Britain before .
This is massive .
" Within minutes of the discovery last night pagers were going into overdrive and my phone has never stopped since .
" I would say about 300 people have been there already and I would imagine the numbers will run into the thousands come the end of the weekend . "
The most recent sightings of the bird in the last four years have been in Holland and Finland but it is normally a native of the Far East .
Lee Evans , who runs a website called the British Birding Association , said the sighting was " significant " and that he was on his way to South Tyneside from Buckinghamshire .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Sarah White and Dan Bell
BBC News
A nursery worker and two others have pleaded guilty to a catalogue of child sex abuse .
Vanessa George , who worked at a nursery in Plymouth , admitted sexual abuse of children and then sharing pictures of her crimes with Colin Blanchard and Angela Allen , who she met on Facebook .
Blanchard and Allen also pleaded guilty to multiple sexual assaults on children and to taking and sharing pictures of the attacks .
Here are profiles of the three people .
VANESSA GEORGE George had passed a Criminal Records Bureau check
By the time police came to arrest Vanessa George for child abuse , she had been employed at the nursery at the centre of the case for three years , and had worked in childcare for 10 years before that .
The married mother , who has two teenage children , had an NVQ Level 2 in child care and had passed a Criminal Records Bureau check in order to work at the nursery .
But in June of this year Devon and Cornwall Police arrived at George 's house at midnight , seized her computer and mobile , and took her into custody .
The 39 - year - old from Plymouth has now pleaded guilty to 13 charges including sexual abuse of children and making and distributing indecent images of children .
She pleaded not guilty to one charge of sexual assault which was ordered to lie on file .
Devon and Cornwall Police had been tipped off by Greater Manchester Police that she had been supplying indecent images taken at the nursery to her co-defendant , Colin Blanchard .
There 's been no explanation so we do n't understand why she would start to do this , what her motivation was
Police spokeswoman
Nursery worker admits sex abuse Police said that in the nine months leading up to her arrest , she had developed an interest in sexual chat with men online , and that is how she met Blanchard , who introduced their other co-defendant , Angela Allen .
In the end police found some 3,000 texts between George and Blanchard .
Some of them had been about their love for each other , but many were of a highly sexually explicit , paedophilic nature .
Blanchard had also sent images showing him abusing a young child .
George 's father , Roger Marks , described his daughter as driven by money and said he believed her motives would have been financial rather than sexual .
However police said there was no evidence of any financial gain or any other motive for their crimes .
A police spokeswoman said : " There 's been no explanation so we do n't understand why she would start to do this , what her motivation was .
Nothing has been uncovered from the past .
Disowned " It 's something within her .
Only she knows . "
Mr Marks said his daughter had a troubled childhood - he and his daughter 's mother rowed constantly and he was eventually kicked out of the family home when his daughter was seven years old .
George 's mother then died of cancer aged just 35 , and George went to live with her grandmother who died two years ago .
Mr Marks , who is estranged from his daughter , said George had been very close to her mother , whose death had hit her hard .
Mr Marks said he believed George had always felt alone , even during her 20 - year marriage to a man she regularly rowed with and who has now disowned her .
Mr Marks said he thought " Vanessa was never happy " and neighbours noted how she was always on a computer , or sitting on her front step on her mobile , and would never let anyone in her home .
COLIN BLANCHARD
Blanchard had already spent five years on the sex offenders register Colin Blanchard was arrested in June after his business partner accidentally found indecent images of very young children on his laptop .
His partner had become concerned over their finances and had checked the laptop while Blanchard was away on a business trip .
The self - styled IT consultant was arrested the following day by armed police at Manchester Airport as he flew in from Dubai .
Abusive images were found both on his laptop and iphone and Blanchard has admitted 19 counts of sexual assault and distributing indecent images of children .
Under questioning Blanchard admitted to police he had met co-defendant Vanessa George on Facebook , which led them to the nursery .
Blanchard had forwarded images to George showing him abusing a young child .
He would n't care who he'd hurt , or who he'd rip off
Former business partner
It was not the first time Blanchard had been linked to child abuse .
In 2002 the 38 - year - old from Rochdale was cautioned for downloading indecent images of children and spent five years on the sex offenders ' register .
He was described as manipulative and a " charmer " who would have befriended his co-defendants over the internet .
He is also said to have had a volatile relationship with his wife of 16 years .
A former business partner said : " It 's purely money he 's into .
He would n't care who he'd hurt , or who he'd rip off . "
ANGELA ALLEN
Allen was described by police as a ' very seriously evil individual '
Angela Allen is said to have gone " white as a sheet " when her Facebook friend Colin Blanchard was arrested on child abuse charges .
A neighbour said the 39 - year - old from Nottingham was thrown into shock when police began making raids on a paedophile ring centred around a nursery school .
She was arrested in June by Greater Manchester Police and later admitted to having an online relationship with Colin Blanchard .
She has admitted five counts of sexual assault and distributing indecent images of children .
' Sinister and evil '
One neighbour described Allen as " loud and aggressive " and said that Allen had told her she had been brought up in care homes .
Allen was also said to have attacked her live - in boyfriend , who she had met when they had worked together as traffic wardens previously , and forced him to move out .
Police described Allen 's actions as " graphic depravity " and that she was not only a " willing participant and instigator " in the rape of a very young child but had " passed them [ images ] on as a trophy " .
She was , police said , a " very seriously evil individual " who showed no remorse or concern about her victim .
She was , police added , " a truly chilling individual sinister and evil " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( Johannesburg ) - The Kimberley Process Certification Scheme , scheduled to meet in Swakopmund , Namibia , from November 2 to 5 , 2009 , should immediately suspend Zimbabwe for continuing human rights abuses and widespread smuggling in the Marange diamond fields , Human Rights Watch said today .
The government of Zimbabwe has not complied with any of the recommendations put forward in July by a review mission of the group , an international body that governs the global diamond industry .
Human Rights
Watch researchers carried out follow - up investigations from October 12 to 23 , establishing that elements of the Zimbabwean Defence Forces have consolidated their presence in the diamond fields and that they are abusing members of the local community and engaging in widespread diamond smuggling .
On June 26 , Human Rights Watch published " Diamonds in the Rough , " a detailed report on human rights violations associated with illicit diamond mining at Marange .
" Zimbabwe has had more than enough time to put a halt to the human rights abuses and smuggling at Marange , " said Georgette Gagnon , Africa director at Human Rights Watch .
" Instead , it has sent more troops to the area , apparently trying to put a halt to independent access and scrutiny . "
In their latest investigation in Zimbabwe , Human Rights Watch researchers were able to interview 23 people directly linked to the Marange diamond fields and to confirm the following abuses , which put Zimbabwe in violation of the minimum standards required for membership in the Kimberley Process :
The Zimbabwean army uses syndicates of local miners to extract diamonds , often using forced labor , including children .
On September 17 , a soldier shot and killed a 19 - year - old member of one syndicate .
The soldier stated , in the presence of witnesses , that he had shot the man for hiding a raw diamond instead of handing it over to the soldier .
Local miners provided information that soldiers have begun to recruit people from outside Marange to join army - run diamond mining syndicates .
Smuggling of Marange diamonds has intensified .
Scores of buyers and middlemen openly trade in Marange diamonds in the small Mozambique town of Vila de Manica , 20 miles from Mutare .
The ownership of the Marange diamond fields is in dispute .
The mines minister , the police commissioner , and the government - owned company , Zimbabwe Mining Development Corporation ( ZMDC ) , have all failed to comply with a High Court order issued by Judge Charles Hungwe on September 28 , to restore prospecting and diamond mining rights in the diamond fields to the previous owner , African Consolidated Resources ( Private ) Limited ( ACR ) .
The judge also directed ZMDC to cease prospecting and diamond - mining activities in the area that the court says belongs to ACR , a private company .
Although the High Court ordered the police to cease interfering with ACR 's prospecting and mining activities , both the police and the army continue to bar it from access to the diamond fields .
Zimbabwe 's minister of mines has appealed the High Court Order , and ZMDC continues to carry out prospecting and mining operations at Marange .
On October 6 , to comply with a demand by Kimberley Process members , President Robert Mugabe announced that the government had selected two new private - sector investors to take over mining in Marange .
However , the process of selection has been shrouded in secrecy and the investors ' identities remain unknown .
The Kimberley Process rules require participants to ensure that all diamond mines are licensed and that only licensed mines extract diamonds .
In its June 26 report , Human Rights Watch documented how Zimbabwe 's army , which remains under the control of Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front ( ZANU - PF ) , the former ruling party , had committed horrific abuses against miners and local residents , including killings , beatings , and torture .
The report also revealed the army 's policy of rotating military units into the diamond fields for roughly two - month periods .
This policy was designed to maintain the loyalty of senior military and other officials to ZANU - PF by giving them illicit access to Zimbabwe 's mineral wealth at a time of national economic and political crisis .
Human Rights
Watch found new evidence of rotation of army units into Marange .
At the beginning of October , the Harare - based special mechanized brigade was deployed , replacing the Kwekwe - based fifth brigade .
The Kimberley Process sent a review mission to Marange in late June to assess Zimbabwe 's compliance with the organization 's standards , which require diamonds to be lawfully mined , documented , and exported by participant countries .
On July 4 , local and international media reported that the review mission had found Zimbabwe to be in violation of these standards .
The media reports said that the review mission urged the government to take corrective action by July 20 or face suspension .
The government of Zimbabwe has since ignored the apparent calls by the review mission to remove military units from Marange , end human rights violations and smuggling , and hold accountable those responsible for abuses .
" Recommendations for Zimbabwe to withdraw from Kimberley voluntarily or for Kimberley to provide technical and other assistance without full suspension will not be effective . "
Gagnon said .
" Zimbabwe has already reneged on a commitment to withdraw the army from Marange .
Clearly it will only be moved to make changes under the full force of suspension . "
Human Rights
Watch urges the Kimberley member states at their plenary session in Swakopmund to suspend Zimbabwe immediately from exporting diamonds and from participation in the Kimberley Process until it fully complies with the following :
Immediately end all human rights abuses in the Marange diamond fields , including killings , beatings , forced labor , child labor , and torture .
Remove the army from Marange district , and demilitarize and depoliticize Zimbabwe 's diamond industry .
Restore security responsibilities in Marange to the police , but ensure that they abide by accepted international law enforcement standards and respect the rule of law .
Open an impartial and independent investigation into alleged human rights abuses linked to the illicit extraction of Marange diamonds , their smuggling , and the associated culture of official corruption .
Hold accountable all civilians , soldiers and police implicated in these abuses , irrespective of seniority .
Urgently resolve the outstanding legal questions of control and title to the Marange diamond fields in compliance with the relevant High Court Order .
Lack of clarity around control and title has fostered an environment conducive to corruption and smuggling .
Ensure that , in the event that relocation of the community around the diamond fields is found to be necessary , the relocation fully complies with national and international human rights standards .
Human Rights
Watch believes that the suspension of Zimbabwe and a ban on Marange diamonds are critical to the credibility of the Kimberley Process and the diamond industry .
The Kimberly Process , established to end the trade of " conflict diamonds , " should fulfill its commitment to consumers that the stones they purchase have not been mined in situations of grave human rights abuse .
In this context , Human Rights Watch again calls on the Kimberley Process to set up a local monitoring mechanism comprising independent local civil society organizations and Marange community leaders , who could freely monitor and verify the Zimbabwe government 's compliance with the Kimberley Process review mission 's recommendations .
Key Kimberley Process Members
The final decision on the suspension of Zimbabwe rests with Kimberley Process members , who work on the basis of consensus .
When consensus is impossible to reach , the chair , Namibia , is mandated to carry out consultations .
To reach consensus , it is essential for the following key countries to support fully the suspension of Zimbabwe :
Namibia :
As current chair of the Kimberley Process , Namibia presides over all plenary proceedings and , in the event that consensus cannot be reached , is mandated to conduct consultations on the way forward .
Namibia is also a major regional diamond producer , and its ruling party , SWAPO , has long had close links with Zimbabwe 's ZANU - PF .
India : Some of the world 's largest rough diamond cutting and polishing centers are found in India .
India chairs the Kimberley committee on participation , which is responsible for making recommendations regarding Zimbabwe 's future participation .
Human Rights
Watch investigations found that raw Marange diamonds are being channeled to India for polishing .
This raises the risk that Marange diamonds could taint the reputation of India 's domestic industry if no action is taken .
South Africa : Human Rights
Watch investigations found that South Africa is one of the main destinations of Marange diamonds , and that they are also smuggled there via Mozambique .
Along with the region 's other main diamond producers , Botswana and Namibia , South Africa will find its market reputation undermined if it blocks Kimberley action on Zimbabwe and permits the continued entry of Marange diamonds .
Belgium : Home to a huge diamond sorting and polishing industry , Belgium is another notable destination for raw Marange diamonds .
Belgium 's position within the organization is likely to have great influence on the rest of the European Union .
Its reputation could suffer if it continues to handle tainted Zimbabwe stones .
Israel :
As the next chair of the Kimberley Process , taking over from Namibia in November , Israel will face scrutiny for its position on Zimbabwe 's suspension at the November meeting .
This article first appeared in Alternet
Now we know why America ’s oligarchs are fighting to keep the rest of us stuck in the world ’s worst health care system : the more we die , the more billions Wall Street will earn .
A recent article in The New York Times exposed how Wall Street is licking its lips over a new scheme to make hundreds of billions in profits by creating financial instruments that will profit off of millions of terminally - ill Americans ’ agony , desperation , and death .
The only thing standing in the way of this massive new Wall Street scheme is the kind of health care reform that might allow Americans to live longer lives .
Yep , this is what we spent trillions of dollars bailing out Wall Street for : so that they can kill us for profit .
It sounds like something out of an old sci- fi flick like War of the Worlds , with America ’s billionaires as the brutal aliens harvesting our humanoid blood and tissue to fertilize their country club golf courses .
Yet it makes logical sense : Wall Street has nowhere else to turn for its fat profits .
Our banking class has already destroyed everything else in this country that had any value , from America ’s industrial base to the American Dream itself , its housing market –whatever Wall Street could securitize , leverage , flip or restructure , they destroyed for good .
There ’s nothing left to strip and pawn — except for our lives .
Yes , it ’s sick as hell , so vile and evil that it almost defies understanding .
But I ’ll try : see , if I was a gambling man , I ’d wager that the thing that gave our banker billionaires the idea to turn our deaths into “ death bonds ” was the way they so effortlessly looted trillions of taxpayer bailout dollars from us , so quickly , and with so little resistance .
That puts bad ideas into bad people ’s heads .
You and I , if we were the ones who got those trillions in our time of need ( rather than having it stolen from us in our time of need ) , we might have a real sentimental epiphany , like , “ Gee , the American taxpayers saved me from ruin !
I promise from now on to change my ways and do whatever I can to repay these kind Americans ! ”
But in our real world , instead of having Scrooge epiphanies , our Wall Street bankers have Goodfelllas epiphanies .
As in , “ That was the easiest $ 23 trillion bucks anyone ever stole , fellas !
Come on , let ’s go back and see what else we can steal !
There ’s gotta be a lot more where that came from ! ”
In our reality , there are no ghosts of bankruptcies past to make our billionaires behave like good Judeo - Christians .
As the biggest billionaire of them all , Warren Buffett , admitted to the New York Times not long ago :
“ There ’s class warfare , all right , but it ’s my class , the rich class , that ’s making war , and we ’re winning . ”
They ’re not only not scared of the consequences , they ’d be crazy to worry given the recent evidence .
By our passivity , we ’ve emboldened our vampire - oligarchs to steal more from us , and drain our blood for good measure .
So now they ’ve come up with the most shameless profit scheme ever imagined : issuing “ death bonds ” and securities based on these “ death bonds ” which aim to profit from people suffering from agonizing terminal illnesses .
Here is how the Times explains it :
After the mortgage business imploded last year , Wall Street investment banks began searching for another big idea to make money .
They think they may have found one .
The bankers plan to buy “ life settlements , ” life insurance policies that ill and elderly people sell for cash — $ 400,000 for a $ 1 million policy , say , depending on the life expectancy of the insured person .
Then they plan to “ securitize ” these policies , in Wall Street jargon , by packaging hundreds or thousands together into bonds .
They will then resell those bonds to investors , like big pension funds , who will receive the payouts when people with the insurance die .
The earlier the policyholder dies , the bigger the return — though if people live longer than expected , investors could get poor returns or even lose money .
[ Author ’s emphasis ]
So let ’s get this straight : Wall Street needs its hundreds of billions in paper profits .
That ’s a given .
But since they ’ve already destroyed everything else while plundering that wealth , now Wall Street is going to suck those profits directly out of our veins :
[ E]ven if a small fraction of policy holders do sell them , some in the industry predict the market could reach $ 500 billion .
That would help Wall Street offset the loss of revenue from the collapse of the United States residential mortgage securities market , to $ 169 billion so far this year from a peak of $ 941 billion in 2005 , according to Dealogic , a firm that tracks financial data .
The most common defense of securitization you hear from finance apologists is that securitization lowers the price of borrowing –without securitization , home mortgages would have been much more expensive , they say ( ignoring of course how securitizing subprime loans destroyed the entire real estate market for millions upon millions of Americans ) .
But in the case of securitizing life insurance payouts , the effect right away will be higher premiums on new life insurance policies , according to a Wharton professor–meaning securitization wo n’t even pretend to lower premiums , but rather will put life insurance out of more Americans ’ reach before destroying the entire industry .
So , guess who ’s planning to profit from our terminal illnesses ?
Yup , our ol ’ friends at Goldman Sachs .
The Bailout Barons at Goldman are so excited by all that juicy death that they ’ve already invented a kind of death index “ enabling investors to bet on whether people will live longer than expected or die sooner than planned . ”
That is not a made - up quote , folks : that ’s straight out of The New York Times business section .
Here ’s how the whole thing will work : life insurance is a $ 26 trillion industry .
And of those $ 26 trillion in life insurance policies , there is always a certain percentage of policy holders who are facing imminent death .
Not the kinds of deaths we all hope for — quick , painless , unforeseen–but the more common kind : the slow , painful , devastating deaths by any number of ailments — late - stage diabetes , lung cancer , devastating stroke , liver failure — deaths that bankrupt you and your family as you wage a losing struggle with your health insurance company from your death bed to get your pain medication restored or your hospice care nurse partially covered .
You desperately search for a new source of money wherever it can be found — and wouldchaknowit , there ’s a budding industry of life insurance vultures who make their living by snatching up a terminally - ill policy holder ’s insurance for a discount .
The life insurance vultures offer the desperate , dying holder that needed cash up - front , waits for the person to die , then cashes in on the full value of the policy .
The quicker the death , the more the vulture earns .
This transaction is what ’s called a “ life settlement . ”
( Would n’t Dracula love it if he could just call it a “ life settlement ” when he sucks a victim ’s blood ?
“ Look , I ’m just securitizing your blood , hold still will ya ?
This is a free country , you know !
Do n’t tread on my fangs , socialist ! ” )
Now if you ’re going to have every Wall Street bank hungry for “ life settlements ” to package and securitize , you ’re going to need a lot of brokers to trawl the nursing homes , hospice centers and hospitals for “ products ” — dying Americans .
Much more than we have now ( just as the number of mortgage brokers exploded when Wall Street needed mortgages for their securitized products ) .
These brokers try to get to the dying American before his life insurance company does , or someone else — and offers them a better cash settlement for the policy than the insurance company might offer .
Everyone sees that dying policy - holder as a source of profit — but only if that person dies as soon as possible after you snatch up the policy .
As you can imagine , the kind of person who makes a living trawling around hospice centers for life insurance policy holders is n’t the kind of guy you ’d want to babysit your kid for the night — Philip Garrido might be okay with them , but you and I would n’t .
Even before the Wall Street rush for “ life settlements ” to package , these brokers have already been accused of the lowest , vilest crimes :
[ T ]he industry has been plagued by fraud complaints .
State insurance regulators , hamstrung by a patchwork of laws and regulations , have criticized life settlement brokers for coercing the ill and elderly to take out policies with the sole purpose of selling them back to the brokers , called “ stranger - owned life insurance . ”
In 2006 , while he was New York attorney general , Eliot Spitzer sued Coventry , one of the largest life settlement companies , accusing it of engaging in bid-rigging with rivals to keep down prices offered to people who wanted to sell their policies .
The case is continuing .
“ Predators in the life settlement market have the motive , means and , if left unchecked by legislators and regulators and by their own community , the opportunity to take advantage of seniors , ” Stephan Leimberg , co-author of a book on life settlements , testified at a Senate Special Committee on Aging last April .
Okay , so one part of the equation is getting the product — dying Americans ’ death policies .
But the other part is calculating as accurately as possible the risk of the products .
Now remember , the quicker the policy - holder dies , the bigger the profit .
And this is where the vampire fangs come out .
Because the biggest threat to investor profits is having these policy holders living longer than expected .
As the article noted , such a thing has happened before :
[ T ] here is another potential risk for investors : that some people could live far longer than expected .
It is not just a hypothetical risk .
That is what happened in the 1980s , when new treatments prolonged the life of AIDS patients .
Investors who bought their policies on the expectation that the most victims would die within two years ended up losing money .
One way to deal with the “ risk ” of Americans not dying is by packing a bunch of dying people ’s policies together , because you can get lucky with one disease , but you ca n’t help everyone live longer .
The solution ?
A bond made up of life settlements would ideally have policies from people with a range of diseases — leukemia , lung cancer , heart disease , breast cancer , diabetes , Alzheimer’s .
That is because if too many people with leukemia are in the securitization portfolio , and a cure is developed , the value of the bond would plummet .
Ah but wait , there is one potential deal - killer out there : if America ’s health care system gets fixed , Americans might live longer , and Wall Street ’s “ death bonds ” could mean the death of Wall Street rather than Main Street :
How can a computer accurately predict what would happen if health reform passed , for example , and better care for a large number of Americans meant that people generally started living longer ?
If the computer models were wrong , investors could lose a lot of money .
As unlikely as those assumptions may seem , that is effectively what happened with many securitized subprime loans .
Ah yes , we must make sure that that does n’t happen again !
So how will the billionaires make sure that they can harvest our blood and tissue like the War of the Worlds aliens , and turn it all into country club golf course fertilizer ?
First , by killing health care reform , which is all but accomplished .
And then with their next fight , which they ’re already gearing up for : killing the proposed Consumer Financial Protection Agency , which would protect Americans from exactly this sort of horrific predatory scheme .
Already , millions of finance industry dollars have been marshaled by finance industry - backed trade groups ( millions that they stole from us taxpayers thanks to the bailout ) , including the Financial Services Roundtable , the Mortgage Bankers Association , the US Chamber of Commerce and the inconspicuous - sounding American Land Title Association .
This last one , the ALTA , is more important than it sounds in this fight , particularly since it ’s headed up by Kurt Pfotenhauer — husband of the even more notorious Nancy Pfotenhauer .
Together they ’re like the Wonder Goons henchmen couple working on behalf of America ’s billionaire vampires .
Before heading up ALTA , Kurt Pfotenhauer was the lead lobbyist for the Mortgage Bankers Association — which lobbied successfully to kill mortgage relief for distressed homeowners in order to protect securitization — the same securitization that will be used to profit from Americans ’ deaths .
Nancy used to head up Koch - backed Americans for Prosperity until 2007 — yup , that ’s the same group leading the town hall “ grassroots ” mob against health care reform , and which co-sponsored the early Tea Party protests .
Nancy left AFP in 2007 to work for McCain ’s campaign — she ’s the one who famously divided Virginia into “ real America ” and the rest of us .
Ever since McCain ’s campaign imploded , Nancy has been out there hitting the TV circuit attacking health care reform and financial regulatory reform , though I ’ve yet to find out who ’s paying her to do it .
No need to ask who ’s paying her husband Kurt , however .
This past July , he headed an industry delegation to the White House to demand that Obama back off creating the CFPA agency .
When he did n’t get his way , he slithered back into the dark .
This week , a new advertising / AstroTurf campaign to kill the CFPA was launched , including a website Stopthecfpa.com , sponsored by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce –the site prominently links up to ALTA .
It ’s no surprise that the Chamber of Commerce is behind the move to keep American carotid veins as vulnerable as possible to billionaire fangs .
The head of the Chamber , Thomas Donohue , is the perfect man to play the role of Dracula ’s Assistant : his resume includes serving on the board of directors at Qwest during the period when Qwest was accused of one of the worst fraud scandals in corporate history , resulting in billions in overstated revenues , and criminal and civil charges against the CEO ( who was sentenced to 6 years in prison ) and eight others ; the board of directors of Union Pacific Corp , when as head of the compensation committee Donohue approved some of the highest CEO compensation packages in history , including tens of millions to former CEO Richard Davidson , along with his $ 2.7 million annual pension when he retired in 2006 ; the board of directors of XM Radio , which is currently almost bankrupt and facing delisting ; and the board of directors of a nursing home monolith , Sunrise Senior Living , which is being investigated by the SEC for fraud , and which today faces possible bankruptcy .
( Not surprisingly , one of Donohue ’s longest - running goals is to protect billionaires from lawsuits . )
This is the man heading a $ 2 million campaign to kill the Consumer Financial Protection Agency , so that our deaths can be more easily exploited .
It ’s as if the billionaires are just playing with us at this point .
As if they ’re saying , “ Hey , dumbfuck Americans !
You can have your blood back when you suck it out of my cold dead veins !
Oh wait , my veins are already cold ‘n dead .
And rich !
Ha-ha !
Ah , I kill myself sometimes .
Now , give me your fuckin’ neck , before I rip out your veins with my bare fangs ! ”
Click the cover & buy the book !
Surprise , Surprise , Surprise , Not :
The oil hype story as noted in Ridiculous Hype Over Secret Oil Meetings has blown sky high already , just hours after I wrote the above .
Russia Denies Talks
Please consider Russia : has n't discussed changing dlr role in oil .
Russia has not discussed changing the dollar 's role in the global trade of oil , deputy Russian finance minister Dmitry Pankin said on Tuesday .
" We did not discuss this at all , " he told reporters .
Pankin was asked by reporters about a story in Britain 's The Independent newspaper , which quoted unidentified sources as saying Gulf Arab states were in secret talks with Russia , China , Japan and France to replace the U.S. dollar with a basket of currencies in the trading of oil .
Oil States Deny Talks
Big oil producing nations denied on Tuesday a British newspaper report that Gulf Arab states were in secret talks with Russia , China , Japan and France to replace the U.S. dollar with a basket of currencies in trading oil .
It said the proposal was for trade in crude oil to move over nine years to a basket of currencies including the Japanese yen , the Chinese yuan , the euro , gold and a new , unified currency planned for nations in the Gulf Co-operation Council , which includes Saudi Arabia and Kuwait .
But top officials of Saudia Arabia and Russia , speaking on the sidelines of International Monetary Fund meetings in Istanbul , denied there were such talks .
Asked by reporters about the newspaper story , Saudi Arabia 's central bank chief Muhammad al - Jasser said : " Absolutely incorrect . "
He repeated the same response when asked whether Saudi Arabia was in such talks .
Russia 's deputy finance minister Dmitry Pankin said : " We did not discuss this at all . "
Algerian Finance Minister Karim Djoudi told Reuters : " Oil producing countries need to stabilise revenues but ... I do n't see a need for oil trade to be denominated differently .
Analysts said that while individual countries would find it relatively easy to stop using the dollar in settling their oil trades , as Iran has already done , replacing the currency in which oil is priced would require a massive effort .
And apart from the strong political links between Gulf nations and the United States , the lack of convertibility for many Gulf currencies and the yuan tops the list of practical hurdles to making such a shift .
Saudi Arabia and some other Gulf states now peg their currencies to the dollar .
Analysts said that while individual countries would find it relatively easy to stop using the dollar in settling their oil trades , as Iran has already done , replacing the currency in which oil is priced would require a massive effort .
Who Wants To Hold Dollars ?
The US runs a trade deficit with China .
That means China must accumulate US assets .
China does not have a choice in the matter ; it is purely a mathematical function .
When the US runs a deficit , mathematically someone must run a surplus .
There is no choice in the matter other than to raise the price of goods so high that consumers wo n't buy them .
Pray tell , what would that do to unemployment and civil unrest in China ?
What would that do to demand in Europe ?
It is virtually impossible for China to strengthen its currency to the US dollar without affecting every other currency as well .
Some might suggest that China should buy oil with those dollars , but then what would the Mideast exporters do with them ?
The reason China is buying fewer US treasuries recently is that the US deficit with China is shrinking .
Again this is a simple mathematical equation , not some massive conspiracy to dump the dollar .
Of course China could buy US ports and bridges or oil companies instead of treasuries , but such maneuvers have been blocked by Congress and last I checked no ports or bridges are for sale .
Simple Math Lesson
Analysis :
The FIA presidency candidates side by side
One day ahead of a milestone FIA presidency election , we put the candidates side by side and have a look at what they have to offer .
It is for the first time in 16 years that the FIA members will choose a president that is not Max Mosley .
In tomorrow 's election , Ari Vatanen and Jean Todt are the candidates for a term of 4 years as FIA president .
During the gathering of the General Assembly , each candidate will be granted 15 minutes of speech to try to convince the 224 member organizations to vote for him .
Both men are strong candidates with each their own emphasis , but considering the 4 consecutive terms of leadership by Max Mosley , both , one more than the other , stress the need for change within its internal organization .
Jean Todt
The first of the candidates is Jean Todt , widely known as Ferrari team principal in the years when the Italian team amassed championship titles along with Michael Schumacher and Ross Brawn .
The Frenchman 's campaign was already ignited before he even officially put in his candidacy as Max Mosley officially supports him to become the next president .
While this in effect may have helped his campaign , some will see Todt as the continuation of Mosley determined way of governing .
At a time that many judge this an ideal opportunity to break with history , this may turn against him .
Todt however is convinced he will go his own way , in a style of " agreement , not confrontation " .
In relation to motorsport , he supports a review of how rulings will be enforced while at the same time dividing responsiblity by instating sports commisioners
" For each FIA World Championship we propose appointing a Commissioner responsible for the Federation ’s day to day management and governance of the championship .
The Commissioner will represent the FIA in all regulatory and commercial issues relating to the championship ,
reporting to the World Council and relevant sporting commissions .
A system of Commissioners will reduce the need for the FIA President , or Deputy to become directly involved in any particular Championship and give more time to the leadership to concentrate on the strategic management of the FIA as a whole embracing the twin pillars of both mobility and motor sport . "
More information can be found on Jean Todt 's campain website http://www.jeantodtandteam2009.com/
Ari Vatanen
Ari Vatanen is a Finn , former rally driver and was a member of the European parliament for the last 5 years .
Much more so that Todt , Vatanen stands for change after claiming to be upset by the way the FIA has been run recently .
The scandals and confronting politics are what Vatanen wants to get rid of .
" My main focus will be to bring unity to the FIA and increase transparency and accountability for the members , who are after all the true owners of the Federation and must play a central role in our organisation .
I bring to my candidacy a long history and experience in both Sport and Mobility . "
While Todt aims for high commitment , Vatanen 's policy rather stresses his will to change the FIA in a much more open organisation , one that allows the input of all parties involved , also when these are negative towards the FIA .
More information can be found on Ari Vatanen 's campaign website http://www.arivatanen.com/EN/ari-for-fia-president/
Of course , the local cops are calling it a " rookie mistake " :
A Dallas rookie police officer erred when he cited a woman earlier this month for being a non-English speaking driver , police said .
Officer Gary Bromley issued a citation Oct. 2 to 48 - year - old Ernestina Mondragon after stopping her for making an illegal U - turn in the 500 block of Easton Road , near East Northwest Highway , according to a copy of the citation .
" That 's a charge that does not exist here in the city of Dallas , " said department spokesman Sgt. Warren Mitchell .
" Although we believe it was a sincere mistake ... there 's no excuse for it . "
He said that charge and a charge of failure to present a driver 's license were dropped .
Bromley , 33 , is a trainee officer in the Northeast Patrol division .
His trainer on the date the ticket was issued was Senior Cpl. Daniel Larkin , 53 , said Deputy Chief Tom Lawrence , Northeast Patrol commander .
Under the Dallas City Code , taxi drivers must be able to communicate in English .
Mitchell said there is also a federal statute that says commercial drivers must speak English , but it would not have applied in this case .
Seems to me the problem is not merely with Officer Bromley 's assumptions about Driving While Mexican , but those of his training officer , who presumably oversaw the citations as Bromley was writing them up .
Of course , if Officer Bromley winds up washing out in Dallas because of this , he need n't worry .
He would probably be welcomed at the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Department with open arms .
UPDATE : Now the Dallas police chief is admitting that there have been dozens of such tickets :
An interesting report in the Los Angeles Times shows that a person with super - prime credit scores is more likely to walk away from an underwater mortgage than a person with a subprime credit rating .
Inquiring minds are reading Homeowners who ' strategically default ' on loans a growing problem .
Who is more likely to walk away from a house and a mortgage -- a person with super - prime credit scores or someone with lower scores ?
Research using a massive sample of 24 million individual credit files has found that homeowners with high scores when they apply for a loan are 50 % more likely to " strategically default " -- abruptly and intentionally pull the plug and abandon the mortgage -- compared with lower - scoring borrowers .
Among researchers ' findings are these eye - openers :
The number of strategic defaults is far beyond most industry estimates -- 588,000 nationwide during 2008 , more than double the total in 2007 .
They represented 18 % of all serious delinquencies that extended for more than 60 days in last year 's fourth quarter .
Strategic defaulters often go straight from perfect payment histories to no mortgage payments at all .
This is in stark contrast with most financially distressed borrowers , who try to keep paying on their mortgage even after they 've fallen behind on other accounts .
Strategic defaults are heavily concentrated in negative - equity markets where home values zoomed during the boom and have cratered since 2006 .
In California last year , the number of strategic defaults was 68 times higher than it was in 2005 .
In Florida it was 46 times higher .
In most other parts of the country , defaults were about nine times higher in 2008 than in 2005 .
Homeowners with large mortgage balances generally are more likely to pull the plug than those with lower balances .
People who default strategically and lose their houses appear to understand the consequences of what they 're doing .
Psychology of the Subprime Strategic Default
losing the only thing I ever had
Psychology of the Superprime Strategic Default
Making Home Affordable
Deals
Additional Links
This fits with recent research from Guiso , Sapienza and Zingales : See
and here is their paper :
Walking Away
Additional Foreclosure Links
Inescapable Conclusion
" The Experian - Wyman study does not try to explore the ethical or legal aspects of mortgage walkaways .
But it does suggest that lenders and loan servicers take steps to screen and identify strategic defaulters in advance and possibly avoid offering them loan modifications , since they 'll probably just re-default on them anyway . "
anyone
I admit it , I was one of those a bit exhausted from last year 's campaign .
But then I ran into these guys tonight and things started to shift ...
The people were fired up and ready to go , like it was 2008 ...
They were passionate ...
They were creative ...
and they want it now !
So tell me , who 's going to say no to her ?
And who is going to scream louder than her ???
People are hurting and dying because of greedy insurance companies , and we 're not going to get pushed aside by a few ignorant thugs .
Did you get that , Senator Feinstein and colleagues ?
No ?
Ok , here it is again :
You hear that , Blue Dogs ?
And here 's some warm greetings to the ex-governor of Alaska :
Gosh , I 'm feeling really energized all of a sudden , watching this guy I might just send some money to Fire Dog Lake ...
This woman told me about her problems in getting health care for her SMALL BUSINESS employees .
Hear that , Mr. Republican ?
She also talked about how much work she put into the Obama campaign last year and how exhausted she was afterward .
A few others said the same thing , and it dawned on me that I 've been feeling the same way .
Just needing to take care of LIFE , you know ?
But if we do n't take care of this , then we wo n't have a life .
So tonight I and many others I met are back in the fray .
We 're the majority and we 're tired of being kicked around .
It 's so sad how many children in this country have had to endure this travesty .
But they 're determined to get what is their right :
Health insurance , no ifs , ands or buts ...
C'mon , say it ai n't so , Mr. Congressman ...
We 're here , and we 're beautiful !
And we 've got the numbers to boot
Let 's get it done for him :
Yup , we know what he would do ...
Let 's get this train rolling everybody .
The number to call next week is 1-877-264-4226 .
Keep following nyceve's and slinkerwink 's diaries to stay updated on the latest action plans .
Together we can !
peace & love & health care for all !
PS : Now I just hope that we can generate this much energy for the upcoming climate change legislation , something I care about deeply .
Let 's remember when we get tired and start fighting with each other that we can indeed do it , if we channel our energy .
Update : From Femlaw in the comments : props to HCAN , OFA ,
and the many , many other organizations who came together to make this event successful .
My favorite part was the huge group of medical professionals there in scrubs and white coats to show their support for comprehensive reform .
My other favorite part was how much of the work was done by volunteer organizers , including some of our fabulous OFA Bay Area volunteer organizers .
Indeed , thanks to everyone who is working so tirelessly behind the scenes !
Blame it on Dick Lugar .
He provided Barack Obama with living proof that a Republican could work towards a bipartisan end with a Democrat .
The most senior senator of his party , he ’s the last of a dying breed — a Republican who ’s both willing to meet the Democrats halfway and actually work with them .
Lugar , of course , is most noted for the Nunn - Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction Program that he sponsored in 1992 along with former Democratic Senator Sam Nunn .
Its purpose was to secure and dismantle weapons of mass destruction in the former Soviet Union states in accordance with disarmament treaties such as SALT II .
To give you an example of how positive a force a Republican can be , this program has eliminated 6,312 nuclear warheads — and that ’s just the tip of its iceberg .
Of course , the recent , regressed breed of feral Republicans claim that the program only frees up Russian money for new weapons programs .
Perhaps , but at least they ’re conventional weapons .
Meanwhile , the program is still notching up successes .
Global Security Newswire reports :
The U.S. Cooperative Threat Reduction program eliminated eight submarine - launched .
. . and one land - based [ ballistic missiles ] last month , [ Lugar ] announced yesterday .
…
Each weapon was designed to carry as many as 10 independently targeted warheads .
[ In other words , one warhead = 10 targets .
— RW ]
To continue to see the fruits of yours labors — ridding the world of these vile , nasty weapons — at age 77 is sure to yield Lugar satisfaction unavailable to many of his generation .
It ’s got to be bitter for aged Americans who helped power their country to unprecedented heights of prosperity and influence to be exiting the stage of life on a national down note of unimaginable cacophony .
As if Cooperative Threat Reduction were n’t enough , in 2005 Sen .
Lugar provided an encore — which is what may have seduced then - Senator Obama into thinking he could work with Republicans .
The two men sponsored the Lugar - Obama nonproliferation initiative , which while not as groundbreaking as Nunn - Lugar , is a program that ’s enjoyed a measure of success destroying conventional weapons stockpiles as well as detecting and intercepting weapons of mass destruction throughout the world .
Thus it was somewhat surprising when , on September 30 , Lugar differed with Obama over an WMD issue — missile defense .
He stated in a speech that the White House ’s decision to scrap plans for missile defense installations in Poland and the Czech Republic was , among other things , “ unfortunate . ”
Lugar may be reasonable and cooperative , but he may also be just as susceptible as the next Republican to Saint Ronnie ’s dream of angels unfurling a shield across the heavens to protect the shining city down below .
However , Lugar included comments not often voiced by Republicans .
The
“ Iranian missiles never constituted the primary rationale for Polish and Czech decisions to buy into the Bush administration ’s plan . ”
He said Poland and the Czech Republic signed on to the plan .
. . because of a “ waning confidence ” in the resolve of [ NATO ] to protect its members .
In fact , 22 former Central and Eastern European expressed their doubts about NATO in an open letter they wrote to the Obama administration in July .
Excerpts :
Central and Eastern Europe is at a political crossroads and today there is a growing sense of nervousness in the region .
[ Regarding the Russo - Georgian war many ] countries were deeply disturbed to see the Atlantic alliance stand by as Russia violated the core principles of [ treaties ] and the territorial integrity of a country that was a member of NATO ’s Partnership for Peace .
[ In their opinion . — RW ]
NATO today seems weaker than when we joined .
In many of our countries .
… people question whether NATO would be willing and able to come to our defense in some future crises .
Once again , the United States is the defender of first and last resort .
What ’s curious is that Poland and the Czech Republic agree with Russia that the proposed missile defense installation , despite the United States claims its for defense from Iran , was intended to ward off Russian missiles .
Yet Poland and the Czech Republic , not to mention Russia , are certainly aware that the system is too rinky - dink to protect them from Russian missiles , much less Iranian .
Maybe to Poland and the Czech Republic , it was symbolic of a commitment to their defense on the part of the United States , as opposed to NATO .
Missile Defense Who Art in Heaven , Deliver Us From Evil
While Lugar is one of the last thinking - man Republicans , Frank Gaffney is one of the barbarians at the gate .
( Actually , like most Republicans , he ’s well situated inside the gates .
It ’s just that , at the moment , with the Democrats in power , he ’s excluded from the inner sanctum . )
You may be familiar with Gaffney from his appearances on MSNBC ’s Hardball , where host Chris Matthews heaps indignities on him .
Assistant secretary of defense for international security policy during the Reagan administration , he founded and serves as president of the Center for Security Policy .
If it was up to me , I ’d ignore the likes of him .
But ever since John Kerry attempted to remain above the Swiftboat fray and got torpedoed for it , progressive orthodoxy mandates that we need to strike back post haste .
( Not that it is n’t fun . )
Convinced that Iran will soon have nuclear warheads and the missiles to deliver them , Gaffney believes that missile defense is needed to protect our allies .
When extreme - right website Newsmax interviewed him recently , he said of Iran : “ Theocratic mullahs are in charge and they are pursuing their same responsibilities to wage jihad against the infidel [ West ] . ”
Shia ( most of Iran ’s Muslims ) are seldom portrayed as waging jihad — that ’s the Sunni ’s death trip .
Gaffney does n’t know that ?
He continues :
“ The missiles they are developing , which will soon be able to have nuclear warheads , are designed for the purpose of waging destruction , apocalyptically in fact , on a scale that is unprecedented .
Here we go with the waging again .
But “ wage destruction ” ?
While , it ’s true that Shia are at least as capable of thinking in apocalyptic terms as Sunnis , one wages war or a campaign — or jihad — not destruction .
Furthermore , what makes the scale on which Iran would “ wage destruction ” “ unprecedented ” ?
Their future atomic arsenal would be puny compared to ours and others .
Does Gaffney mean the scale would be unprecedented simply because its yield would be greater than the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombs ?
Because he ’s got no other hostile nuclear explosions to which to compare it .
Sure , Gaffney is speaking off the cuff .
The interviewer could have followed up and clarified his points , though .
But it might not have played as well at Newsmax then .
As for the Obama administration shooting down missile defense for Poland and the Czech Republic , Gaffney said :
“ [ They ] were designed to protect us in the United States as well against longer - range missiles that are also now coming into the Iranian arsenal . …
It is the height of folly to be .
. . leaving us , as well as those allies , naked to these sorts of threats . ”
It ’s the height of folly to imagine Iranian missiles reaching U.S. soil .
Again , I ’m teasing .
I think he means U.S. bases in Europe , but he was only too happy to infer , presumably for the Newsmax crowd again , that Iran ’s missiles could reach the United States .
Meanwhile , Max Boot , who ’s been able to express his militaristic conservatism with enough dexterity to be invited to join the Council of Foreign Relations , understands that “ it will be a while before Iran has longer - range missiles capable of hitting Europe . ”
In a blog for Commentary he writes of Russia ’s concerns about missile defense :
How a purely defensive system could threaten another country remains to be understood .
The Russians apparently think they have a divine right to threaten Europe with nuclear annihilation and anything that interferes with this is “ destabilizing . ”
Boot is yet another conservative who ’s willfully ignorant about how missile defense threatens the balance of nuclear power .
To review :
It ’s commonly accepted that if ( in some distant day ) the United States deployed a missile defense system in Europe or at home that was effective against Russia with its massive nuclear program , Russia could n’t help but conclude that our ulterior motive was to launch a nuclear first strike with no fear of a counterattack because we ’re protected by missile defense .
Worse , Boot maintains that Obama bowed to Putin ’s demands and that he ’s sending .
. .
“ a dangerous signal of irresoluteness and weakness — similar to the signal another young president sent when he met with a Russian leader in Vienna in 1961 .
Nikita Khrushchev emerged from his summit with John F. Kennedy convinced that the president was “ very inexperienced , even immature ” and that he could be rolled .
We all know the result : the Cuban Missile Crisis .
But why stop at Boot ?
What about thriller author and New York Post columnist Ralph Peters ?
You remember him : Back in June he set off a firestorm when he not only intimated that Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl , who was captured by the Taliban , had actually deserted but that the Taliban should execute him for his offense .
But in a recent New York Post piece , he experienced a rare moment of lucidity when he wrote of missile defense :
It ’s not just the left that damages our defense . … I , for one , never believed this was the right system at the right place and time . …
But conservatives who believe that any hyperexpensive weapon system deserves automatic support shoved it down our throats and those of our allies .
[ But now , we can ’t ] hang the East Europeans out to dry after strong - arming them for commitments .
In fact , he thinks Obama ’s decision to abandon missile defense went beyond hanging the East Europeans out to dry to “ cutting the throats of Poland and the Czech Republic , [ thus handing ]
Moscow ’s hard - liners their biggest win since the collapse of the Soviet Union .
…
Now add Poland and the Czech Republic to the list of allies , such as Israel and Honduras , that we ’ve thrown to the wolves .
From “ hanging out to dry ” to “ cutting their throats ” to “ throwing them to the wolves . ”
Never let it be said that Ralph Peters is incapable of colorful writing .
In the end , he echoes Boot : “ But the worst thing is how .
… Putin. . . sees this as a triumph of his will over Obama ’s weak , retreating US . ”
With conservative members of congress digging in their heels on health - care reform , Lugar ’s defection , and , between Frank Gaffney , Max Boot , and Ralph Peters , what passes for expert foreign - policy analysis , maybe Obama will finally admit how chimerical bipartisanship is .
First posted at the Faster Times .
Rep. Anna Eshoo ( D - CA ) wants the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to act — against loud commercials .
Her " Commercial Advertisement Loudness Mitigation ( CALM ) Act ' has just cleared a subcommittee and now moves to the full House Energy and Commerce committee for a vote .
The bill is only a couple hundred words long .
It directs the FCC to come up with regulations so that :
Advertisements accompanying such video programming shall not be excessively noisy or strident
Such advertisements shall not be presented at modulation levels substantially higher than the program material that such advertisements accompany
The average maximum loudness of such advertisements shall not be substantially higher than the average maximum loudness of the program material that such advertisements accompany
According to Eshoo , " Most Americans are not overjoyed to watch television commercials , but they are willing to tolerate them to sustain free over - the - air television .
What annoys all of us is the sudden increase of volume when commercials are aired
This legislation will reduce the volume of commercials in order to bring them to same level as the programs they accompany . "
STOP SHOUTING
For an issue of such minor importance , loud commercials certainly get TV watchers riled up .
The FCC set up an informational page on " Program Background Noise and Loud Commercials , " the main object of which appears to be channeling viewer wrath toward TV networks rather than the FCC .
" The Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) does not currently regulate the volume of programs or commercials , " it says before helpfully suggesting that those offended by the volume of commercials use " the ' Mute ' button on TV remote controls . "
ATSC , the group that sets the HD television specs here in the US , is certainly aware of the issue .
The group continues to work on the issue and has just announced a November seminar at which the issue will be discussed .
Noting that loudness variations ( both within a channel and between channels ) continue to be " problematic , " ATSC has an Audio Loudness Group to encourage industrywide best practices on these issues .
" It is important for the digital television system to provide uniform subjective loudness for all audio content , " notes the conference announcement .
" Consumers find it annoying when audio levels vary when changing channels , and when watching a single channel .
Dialog , the spoken word , has been identified as the element that audiences typically adjust their volume to .
Achieving an approximate level match for average dialogue level from all content is a desirable goal . "
Particular companies have also been pushing solutions for years .
Some TV manufacturers now include automatic volume limiters or compressors of varying quality that all attempt to keep volume stable , but third parties like Dolby Labs have developed their own solutions , too .
Dolby was showing off one such piece of engineering called " Dolby Volume " at CES back in 2007 .
It hoped to deliver consistent volume levels by modeling how " humans perceive audio " to eliminate variable loudness in the audio stream and even alter it without any " disruptive audio artifacts . "
If this sounds like a pretty basic application of limiters and compressors , the developer of the system would like you to know that it 's far more complicated than that .
The idea of something like Dolby Volume is for a listener to set their desired volume level and then have every channel and every input source output audio at the same perceived volume level — and to do so without destroying the dynamic range that 's supposed to exist within TV shows , movies , and CDs .
Dolby Volume developer Alan Seefeldt described the challenges of such a system in a 2008 Dolby podcast , noting that it's the interaction of volume and human perception that makes the problem specially tricky :
There 's another feature that we call the " modeler " and the idea here is that we 're taking into account the way that we hear things differently as the volume changes .
In particular , when you start to turn the volume down on a mix , your ear perceives the sound differently .
One of the things that happens is that we are less sensitive to bass and treble frequencies as the volume turns down .
In addition to that , soft parts of a mix will just start to disappear more quickly than the louder parts .
They basically fall below the threshold of hearing .
So what that means is that as you turn the volume down , all the details and subtleties of the mix start to disappear .
That is particularly important for surround sound mixes where you might have a lot of details and ambience in the surround channel .
So what happens is that Dolby Volume again monitors the audio in real time and it figures out how the ear is going to hear those things differently as you turn the volume down , and it compensates for all those effects in real time and maintains what we call this " reference level experience " as you turn the volume down .
So you get the full impact of the mix even though you are listening to it at a much lower level .
But Dolby Volume remains a niche offering , and it ups the cost of devices .
Should the CALM
Act pass , the FCC would have a year to put together its own regulatory framework for TV volume , and it would certainly need to keep costs in mind .
The FCC , concerned only about the volume of ads on TV , could probably mandate a much more limited set of guidelines that apply to broadcasters rather than to devices .
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - Al Qaeda ’s deputy leader Ayman al - Zawahri accused Libya of torturing to death a militant whose confession was used to justify the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq .
Libya ’s state prosecutor said in May that Libyan Ali Mohamed Abdelaziz al Fakhiri , also known as Ibn Sheikh al - Libi , committed suicide while serving a life jail sentence .
“ A false confession was obtained from him through torture about a relationship between al Qaeda and Saddam Hussein , ” Zawahri said in a video posted on an Islamist website .
Fakhiri made up the story about a link between Saddam and al Qaeda to avoid torture while in the custody of a third country , according to a 2006 U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee report .
U.S. human rights groups have said he gave the account to interrogators in Egypt , where he was sent by the United States in January 2002 .
Fakhiri later recanted , the committee said .
He was sent secretly to Libya by the United States in 2006 , and Zawahri said al Qaeda would punish the United States for handing him over to Tripoli .
“ They ( Americans ) have handed him over to the agents of ( Libyan leader Muammar ) Gaddafi to continue torturing him and kill him . ”
“ You criminals , you murders , you vampires ... your blood will be spilled and your economy will be drained so that you stop your crimes ...
We will take revenge for every mujahid , orphan , or Muslim you have killed , ” said an angry Zawahri in an apparent message to Americans .
“ Ibn Sheikh is but one of thousands of victims who have been and still are being devoured by the raving American monster , ” said Zawahri .
“ He was tortured to death . ”
“ Obama , you who talks about human rights ; how many secret prisons are there ?
Where are they located ?
How many are their victims ?
How many of them were killed ?
How many were disabled ?
What is their fate ?
To whom were they handed over ?
Why did you hand them over ? ”
Obama has vowed to close the United States ’ Guantanamo detention center used to hold suspected terrorists by early 2010 .
He is also lobbying European allies to accept prisoners who are not seen to pose a security threat but cannot return to their home countries because of a risk of torture .
“ Why did your administration conspire with the Libyan regime to kill Ibn Sheikh al - Libi ? ” asked the Egyptian militant .
Rights groups had urged Libya to conduct a thorough inquiry into the death of Fakhiri .
They say his death shows the risks that many prisoners remaining in the U.S. detention center in Guantanamo Bay could face if they are sent back to their home countries .
Zawahri said Fakhiri was tortured in Pakistan , Afghanistan , Egypt and Libya after his arrest following al Qaeda ’s September 11 , 2001 attacks on U.S. cities .
To help you enable javascript in your browser , here is a google search for instructions
Movember Australia changing the face of men's health
What do I do ?
Register here at www.movember.com where you 'll find everything you need to get started .
Create a new look by growing your moustache starting Movember 1st clean shaven .
Motivate your friends and family to donate and support your growing efforts .
Celebrate your journey at the moustache themed end of Movember Gala Parté .
Register here at movember.com
Movember donate
Movember changing the face of men's health .
Men 's health partners beyondblue , Prostate cancer Foundation of Australia .
Movember
The love hate relationship with credit cards for many Americans is probably leaning more in the hate stage at the moment .
Americans have over $ 2 trillion in revolving debt – $ 1 trillion of that is plastic .
The average American has come to rely on credit cards as a form of supplemental income , like retirees come to rely on Social Security .
You would assume with the Federal Reserve flooding banks with easy money that credit card terms would ease up on consumers .
They have not .
If anything , terms have gotten more onerous in the last year .
Credit card companies are battling with increasing default rates and trying to figure out how to maximize profits .
As it turns out , they now have to cannibalize their good customers for their horrid lending practices during the debt bubble .
Take for example a report that NBC San Diego did .
They found a credit card that was offering a 79.9 % annual rate .
Not bad enough ?
They also charge an annual fee :
Source : The Consumerist
Even the recent historic equities rally is in the 60 percent range .
Yet these are common tactics .
Some more troubling trends are going after customers that pay their bills on time :
“ ( USA Today )
You floss regularly , yield to oncoming traffic and use your credit cards judiciously , dutifully paying off your balance every month .
You may believe that your exemplary behavior shields you from unexpected credit card fees .
Sadly , that is no longer the case .
Starting next year , Bank of America will charge a small number of customers an annual fee , ranging from $ 29 to $ 99 .
The bank has characterized the fee as experimental .
But card holders who have never carried a balance or paid late fees could be among those affected . ”
To show you how rampant this is , take a look at changes customers are seeing to their credit cards over the last few months even though the Fed and U.S.
Treasury have rescued many of these companies :
Much of this is coming in a hurry trying to beat the 2010 new credit card legislation that will make it harder for credit card companies to milk consumers like nationwide loan sharks .
At this point , they ca n’t squeeze blood out of a turnip or break kneecaps so they are now going after good paying customers since it would seem they are the only folks with money left .
Even if you pay off your balance every month , you can expect some credit card companies to start charging an annual fee just for having the account .
I would imagine that many accounts that have been open with no usage will also be shut down or have their lines decreased .
This has occurred personally to me and I can verify the rate increases as well ( nothing like 79.9 % however ) .
So why is this happening right now aside from the legislation ?
Credit card companies are bleeding money .
Let us look at Capital One and Discover :
The current net charge off rate for Capital One is 9.24 % .
An astounding number that puts it into a historical level .
This is up from the 6.1 % of last year .
A 30 percent increase in charge offs will hurt your bottom line .
The average American is dealing with the realities of the recession and many have simply stopped paying .
Others have gone through bankruptcy and credit card debt is wiped away during bankruptcy .
Discover is also seeing a similar trend :
I think you get an understanding of why credit card companies are starting to look at “ innovative ” ways to raise revenue .
So much for asking “ what ’s in your wallet ? ”
Yet why are Americans having such a hard time paying their debts ?
In a few words , people have less money .
For the first time in 60 years has disposable income fallen on a year over year basis into negative territory :
Now think of all the recession since the 1950s .
Not once did we see a negative year , until now that is .
So with the deep recession , many are unable to keep the debt musical chairs going any longer .
The trend of paying one credit card with another is coming to an end .
How many 0 percent 12 month balance transfer offers have you seen in 2009 ?
I used to get about 5 of these a week during the debt boom .
Now ?
Zero .
This is n’t just anecdotal .
The credit card industry has yanked over 10 million credit cards from the market and overall revolving debt is declining :
The trouble here is that revolving debt has fallen while disposable income has also fallen .
Since Americans have relied on credit cards so heavily , this is being felt in profound ways .
The credit card companies are getting a chance to remedy their balance sheets on the back of consumers .
The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve have extended what seems to be unlimited life lines to these companies , paid by the taxpayers , yet these companies are doing nothing to help the overall average American .
At a certain point people will wake up and realize that there is a war going on in our country in the financial world .
A battle that threatens the financial security of millions .
In fact , it may be the biggest battle we face .
Yet many Americans seem okay with this or have become apathetic to the new financial serfdom .
Why take to the streets for a few million bonus when we have trillions of dollars being yanked by our own government and Wall Street ?
We need to channel our energy to where the real money is at .
Wall Street and the government are all too happy to slap a few hands with mid-level players while the top rung keeps on sucking the American taxpayer dry .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
This MUST already exist Posted by Louis Brandy on 12 October 2009
I encounter this feeling frequently .
I have a sudden need ( or idea ) and I realize that such and such a tool or service must already exist .
As a software engineer , I 've learned to not let that feeling pass .
Usually , it 's a chance to learn something ( because usually it does exist ) and sometimes it 's a chance to to build something useful and new .
The time that my google - fu failed
In our work , we tend to chain a bunch of command together like this :
./face_detector input.mpg | ./face_tracker | ./visualize
This is a great formalism .
The problem is that sometimes something goes horribly , horribly wrong .
Let 's say this time the error occurred between step # 2 and step # 3 .
This is n't so bad unless , say , step # 1 takes a few hours to run and now standard - output has vanished into the never ending ether .
And now we 've lost the output of step # 1 and need to rerun it .
This is n't a complicated problem .
All I really need is a program that takes what comes in on standard input , writes it to a file , and then pipes it straight back out to standard output .
How does this not exist ?
Of course it does exist , and it 's called tee .
The time there were not words there ...
This is an actual IM conversation I had recently :
me : I 've had this song stuck in my head for like 5 days .... me : I think it 's a christmas song ... but I can't remember any of the words me : no words = no google = pure torture me : i looked through lists of xmas songs ... nothing me : i even searched for sites that let me hum the song and they tell me the name .. him : there is one , saw it on reddit him : you can " tap it out " on some webpage him : and it tells you what it is me : this is a lie him : there is a webpage i have no idea how well it works < tick - tock tick - tock > me : HOLY me : http://www.bored.com/songtapper/s/tappingmain.bin?dotap=1
$ ls - 1 *.jpg | awk - F. '{printf " convert %s.jpg - resize 320x240 %s-sm.jpg
" , $ 1,$ 1} ' convert 92.jpg - resize 320x240 92-sm.jpg convert 93.jpg - resize 320x240 93-sm.jpg convert 94.jpg - resize 320x240 94-sm.jpg ... $ !! | sh
$ls *.jpg | awk - F. '{printf " convert %s.jpg - resize 320x240 %s-sm.jpg
" , $ 1,$ 1} ' convert 92.jpg - resize 320x240 92-sm.jpg convert 93.jpg - resize 320x240 93-sm.jpg convert 94.jpg - resize 320x240 94-sm.jpg ... $ !! | gogo - t4
It was Greensleeves , by the way .
##
This MUST exist -- Parallelizing commands on the command line
One thing that is constantly happening at our office is the need to fire off a whole bunch of really time consuming jobs .
Here is an example .
Let 's say you want to test how the face detector behaves at various resolutions .
So , you want to resize a directory full of jpegs to some other resolution .
Here 's how you might do it : Quick word about what this does :
The first command creates the commands and just prints them out .
The second line pipes the output ( !! means repeat the previous command ) into sh .
In other words , it executes the previous output as commands .
The problem with this solution is that it is single - threaded .
( update : as I write this , I realize a second problem and yet another ' this must already exist moment ' .
Using awk in this manner is something I tend to do constantly and it seems a bit awkward .
Maybe there is a cleaner way to do this ? ) .
On most of our machines we have 4 cores , and it would be really nice to have something like this finish 4 x as quickly by using all of the cores on my machine .
What I want to do is this :
The mythical ' gogo ' program would take a list of commands on std-in and do them N at a time ( 4 , in this case ) .
It is apparently a well - kept secret that ( gnu's ) xargs is capable of this :
$ls *.jpg | awk - F. '{printf " %s.jpg - resize 320x240 %s-sm.jpg
" , $ 1,$ 1} ' 92.jpg - resize 320x240 92-sm.jpg 93.jpg - resize 320x240 93-sm.jpg 94.jpg - resize 320x240 94-sm.jpg ... $ !!
| xargs - 0 -n 1 - P 4 convert
You 'll notice you have to move the command ( convert ) to the xargs command , and then remember all of the parameters ( - 0 , - n , - P ) .
I find the above command to be extremely awkward to use , in practice , and almost never do it .
The problem is that xargs allows you to do so many other things that if you do n't use it frequently , it 's terribly easy to forget all the parameters you need to do this properly .
Answer : it matters more now than it ever has before , as there is simply so much out there that it ’s nearly impossible for one man , one publication , or one conglomorate to cover it all .
( CNN ) -- Oliver
Yeh is the kind of guy who cooks up ideas so kooky , so out - of - this - world , that even his fellow MIT students tend to roll their eyes when they hear them .
MIT students captured this photo by launching a balloon and camera into near - space .
Total cost : $ 148 .
more photos »
But that never stops him .
His latest concept -- to launch a camera into near - space using a weather balloon , a cell phone , hand warmers and a drink cooler -- fell flat when he sent out an e-mail message to dozens of his classmates , asking for help .
Unfazed ,
Yeh managed to find one friend willing to chip in .
And on September 2 , the go - it - alone pair floated a balloon - camera high enough into the atmosphere to photograph the curvature of the Earth and the deep black of space , all on a lunch - money budget of $ 148 .
" For me , it was just about not being afraid to do what I love to do , " said Yeh , a 20 - year - old MIT senior studying computer science and electrical engineering .
" Before , people were just kind of like , ' That 's a crazy idea ; there he goes all over again . '
( Yeh once convinced a friend to float the Charles River with him on a raft made of plastic bottles . )
" I did n't have a lot of people who wanted to do it with me , so I 'm really glad I stuck it out and succeeded in what I wanted to do . "
After Yeh 's fellow student and sidekick , Justin Lee , uploaded the story to CNN 's iReport.com , their camera - to - space effort , which they named Project Icarus , went viral online .
See photos of their feat »
Since then , the duo has received a number of requests from other would - be space photographers , asking for their project notes .
Yeh said he will post those soon on the project 's Web site at 1337arts.com .
They 've gotten so many inquiries they had to post this warning : " CAUTION / DISCLAIMER : Launching things into the stratosphere can be DANGEROUS !
Please contact the FAA before trying ... "
These enterprising students seem to have hit a nerve with the public , probably because their effort costs so little , suggesting that anyone with some know - how and a few common tools can photograph the edge of space .
That 's something normally reserved for big - budget agencies like NASA .
They 're also tapping into the exploding do - it - yourself movement online .
Web sites like Makezine.com and Instructables offer blueprints for people who want to make everything from wiener - dog wheelchairs to self - playing harmonicas .
Most of the inventors who use these sites care more about the ideas and the sense of community and accomplishment than traditional rewards like copyrights and cash , said Eric Wilhelm , a former MIT student who is now CEO of Instructables .
Yeh and Lee are far from the first people , or even the first students , to send balloons into near - space to take pictures .
But their on - the - cheap methods and stunning images have earned them a glowing reputation among those who paved their way .
Yeh and Lee also learned from those who came before them .
They did tons of Internet research during the spring semester and over summer break , so that when they arrived back on MIT 's campus in Cambridge , Massachusetts , they set right to work .
All of the parts they used are commonly available .
Yeh and Lee bought a Canon camera on eBay and then fastened it inside a Styrofoam cooler .
A hole poked in the side of the container let the camera lens gaze out into space , and they attached a Motorola Boost cell phone to the camera so it would send GPS coordinates back to Earth .
The antenna from a wireless router was hooked up to the mobile phone to give it the extra antenna power needed to send the coordinates down .
And the students taped a hand warmer -- the kind skiers put in their gloves -- to the mobile phone 's battery so it would n't freeze .
" We were n't sure if they were both necessary , but we could n't test it , because we could n't find anything that 's negative 40 degrees , " Yeh said .
" Our freezer stopped at negative 10 , so that was the best we could do . "
Watch an interview with Yeh and Lee »
The plan seemed simple enough -- at least to the MIT students .
They would fill a spherical weather balloon , available online , with helium and float the entire cooler - camera - cell - phone apparatus high into the atmosphere .
When the balloon had traveled about 17 miles up , air pressure would cause it to pop , and a parachute dangling from the side of the cooler would lower the contraption back to Earth .
Then the GPS in the phone would tell them where to find their camera , which they set , using open - source software , to take photos every 5 seconds .
Yeh and Lee knew that wind would change their contraption 's course after launch , so they went on a free Web site to try to calculate roughly where the balloon would go .
After some consideration , they decided to launch the balloon from a field near a warehouse in Sturbridge , Massachusetts .
That was far enough from the coast , they hoped , to avoid sending the balloon and the camera into metro Boston or the Atlantic Ocean .
But , not quite sure of the calculations , they pasted this note on the side of the cooler just in case : " If found , please call [ their phone number ] .
... Material contents are 100 % safe / non - toxic / non - flammable and are part of a student science project .
$ 40 reward . "
They rented a Zipcar , loaded up the cooler and left their apartments that night .
After adding one person to the team -- a new student Lee had met at MIT orientation -- they drove 60 miles inland and slept on the ground at a parking lot , the car and their big idea waiting beside them .
In the morning , they launched .
The balloon stayed afloat for five fretful hours .
During that time , all of the question marks about their cobbled - together process dominated Yeh 's thinking :
What if the phone battery died ?
What if it froze ?
What if the device crashed down to Earth too hard and the camera broke ?
What if it landed in the ocean ?
Or hit a person ?
Or a plane ?
The chance for a mishap seemed tremendous .
Four hours after the launch , Lee said , the team thought all was lost .
" We were like placing bets on whether we thought it would work or not , " the 23 - year - old mechanical engineering grad student said .
" Early on , we were optimistic that it would work .
About 4 hours after , [ when ] we had n't heard any news about the device , we had sort of given up hope .
We 'd thought we 'd lost it . "
Dejected , the group drove back to Boston to Lee 's apartment .
They checked his computer and found an unlikely signal :
The camera had landed in a construction zone outside Worcester , Massachusetts , about 25 miles from the launch site .
" We were so excited , we jumped right back into the car , and we drove out to Worcester , and we found it .
That was a great moment , " Lee said .
They were amazed with the results .
The camera was unharmed .
The hand warmers were still hot .
And the photos were amazing .
" There 's something that 's fascinating about seeing the Earth from high -- I can't quite put my finger on it , " Lee said .
" But there 's something just beautiful about seeing that . "
He said Yeh is the kind of person who has tons of zany ideas , so many that he 's not always taken seriously .
" Oliver also has a tendency to dream big without necessarily thinking about the required steps , " he said .
" He was like , ' Oh , let 's go into space tomorrow ! '
And I was like , ' No , Oliver , we can't just release a balloon into space tomorrow ...
We want it to succeed .
We do n't want it to fail . ' "
Lee said he admires
Yeh 's out - there imagination -- and his ability to follow up on his dreams .
" A lot of people have ideas but do n't do anything with them , but he actually does them , " Lee said .
Yeh 's favorite photo is one captured at 93,000 feet , just as the balloon rises to its highest point and pops , revealing the black or space behind it .
It 's as if he had to let his vision reach its most insanely illogical peak before it produced something truly remarkable .
All About iReport.com • Space Technology • NASA • Massachusetts Institute of Technology
According to a legit - looking leaked document leaked from Sega , Sony is planning on launching their PS3 motion controller this March in Japan with the US release coming sometime in spring .
From the document :
Motion Controller
Spring 2010 launch ( March in JP )
No bundle / pricing details yet , should come Sept 1
Plan on selling 4 - 5 MM units WW
SCEA agreed to provide a list of Sega IP that would work well with the motion controller , Virtua Tennis was an example
Motion Controller support allows easy way to differentiate PS3 SKU
Other differentiation opportunities include PSP / PS3 interoperability – think of features that would make users want to buy both PS3 and PSP SKUs .
Advertisement
PS3 and PSP interoperability ?
I could imagine a bundle with the motion controller and a PSP to replace the Dual Shock 3 ... if only it had all the necessary buttons .
The other potentially big piece of news here refers to Dreamcast titles coming to PSN ( PS2 games are technically mentioned as well ) .
Apparently Sony is courting Sega for their old games .
DC Digital Titles
If we provide a list of DC titles SCEA will let us know which ones they 're interested in having exclusively .
If we give them a long period of exclusivity they 'll give us more marketing support .
Advertisement
Note that the " long period of exclusivity " is not permanent exclusivity , meaning that a slew of Dreamcast titles may be on their way to other platforms as well .
[ Objectif Sega via NeoGAF via Kotaku ]
# 338364 +( 9275 ) - [ X ]
< Alanna >
Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OS 's is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders
Pictured : Silver - haired Liam Neeson commands
The A - Team as new look cast seen for the first time
A silver - haired Liam Neeson was seen on the set with his co-stars for the first time as filming of the remake of the iconic television series The A - Team got underway .
Neeson joined the four male leads to film scenes in Vancouver , Canada on the highly anticipated remake of the hit Eighties show .
As Col John ' Hannibal '
Smith he leads a group of Iraq War veterans seeking to clear their name with the U.S. military , who suspect the four men of committing a crime for which they were framed .
First look :
The cast of the remake of the big screen version of The A - Team were seen together filming for the first time in Vancouver .
From left , Quinton Jackson ( B.A Baracus ) Liam Neeson ( Hannibal ) , Sharlto Copley ( Murdock ) and Bradley Cooper ( Faceman )
Down to business :
The group are filming in Vancouver and will soon be joined by actress Jessica Biel
In charge : Neeson is working hard on films back to back , since the untimely death of wife Natasha .
He is also starring in Clash Of The Titans
Filming recently begun after final cast members including Justin Timberlake 's actress girlfriend Jessica Biel , 27 , were added last month .
Neeson's hair looked a shocking shade of white as he got into character to play Col John ' Hannibal ' Smith , the role played by American actor George Peppard .
Hangover star Bradley Cooper , 34 , was seen in a white vest getting a lesson on how to shoot a machine gun , in preparation for his role as Lt. Templeton ' Faceman ' Peck , which was played by Dirk Benedict .
THE NEW LOOK A-TEAM
No planes fool : UFC fighter Quinton Jackson takes on the iconic BA Baracus role
Looking good : Hangover star Bradley Cooper is Faceman , popularised by actor Dirk Benedict
Leader of the pack : Liam Neeson takes over from George Peppard as Hannibal
Mad as hell : South African actor Sharlto Copley plays mad dog soldier Murdock
Token female : Jessica Biel will star as an Army general pursuing the team , an update of the reporter role Amy Amanda Allen , played by Melinda Culea
Biel , 27 , is to be the leading lady in the feature , which has been adapted from the hit 80s TV series .
Her role is the only female lead in the boy's own action adventure series and in an update to the role she 'll play an Army general pursuing the team and Patrick Wilson as a CIA operative .
In the television show the team were assisted by reporter Amy Amanda Allen ( Melinda Culea ) .
Tough guy : Quinton Jackson strides across the set looking suitably tough as the new B.A Baracus
South African actor and District 9 star Sharlto Copley , 35 , is Capt .
Murdock , taking the role from Dwight Schultz .
And UFC fighter Quinton Jackson plays kid's favourite B.A. Baracus , taking on Mr T 's role .
Quinton Jackson in particular has been scrutinised , primarily by his UFC fans for retiring from the sport to pursue his acting career .
But he has also faced criticism from fans of the TV show , because of his lack of acting experience and the irreplaceable quality of the original B.A. Baracus , Mr.T .
This is how you do it : Hangover star Bradley Cooper gets an action man makeover for the blockbuster
And in another shot Quinton Jackson can be seen inside a helicopter , debunking one of the show 's running jokes that the tough guy had a fear of flying .
Other members of the team would come up with inventive ways to knock him out ( such as a carton of milk laced with drugs ) , in order to get him onto a plane , usually preceeded by his catchphrase ' I ain't gettin ' on no plane , fool ' .
In fact , the choice of actor and the conception of the film itself has been the subject of much contention since the project was announced .
Load and cock :
The actor was taking the lesson in a Vancouver car park
The A - Teams iconic van , two of them were seen on set earlier last month
Fans have debated the line - up for the film , and argued over whether the series should been remade in the first place , over the past year .
Early pictures from the film 's Canadian set , showed the classic GMC van which was used in the 1980s programme .
The film is directed by Joe Carnahan and produced by the Scott brothers , Ridley and Tony .
It is set for release in the UK in late 2010 .
Jonathan Wells : Another ID Creationist Who Doesn't Understand Information Theory October 4 , 2009 15:04 MST
Intelligent design creationists love to talk about information theory , but unfortunately they rarely understand it .
Jonathan Wells is the latest ID creationist to demonstrate this .
In a recent post at “ Evolution News & Views ” describing an event at the University of Oklahoma , Wells said , “ I replied that duplicating a gene does n’t increase information content any more than photocopying a paper increases its information content . ”
Wells is wrong .
I frequently give this as an exercise in my classes at the University of Waterloo :
Prove that if x is a string of symbols , then the Kolmogorov information in xx is greater than that in x for infinitely many strings x .
Most of my students can do this one , but it looks like information expert Jonathan Wells can’t .
Like many incompetent people , Wells is blissfully unaware of his incompetence .
He closes by saying , “ Despite all their taxpayer - funded professors and museum exhibits , despite all their threats to dismantle us and expose us as retards , the Darwinists lost . ”
We do n’t have to “ expose ” the intelligent design creationists as buffoons ; they do it themselves whenever they open their mouths .
When I heard about the cease - and - desist order Google sent to Cyanogen , my initial thought was to take a wait - and - see attitude , assuming that something would be worked out .
But I ’ll admit , seeing what Cyanogen himself had to say had me pretty pessimistic about the future of custom ROMs .
I should have stuck with my initial thought . Â
First , A ray of hope snuck into his Twitter feed .
Today , Cyanogen outlined the way forward in a longer piece on his site :
There are lots of things we can do as end -users and modders , though , without violating anyones rights .
Most importantly , we are entitled to back up our software .
Since I donâ€™t work with any of these closed source applications directly , what I intend to do is simply ship the next version of CyanogenMod as a â€œbare bonesâ€  ROM .
Youâ€™ll be able to make calls , MMS , take photos , etc .
In order to get our beloved Google sync and applications back , youâ€™ll need to make a backup first .
Iâ€™m working on an application that will do this for you .
The idea is that youâ€™ll be able to Google - ify your Cyanogen Mod installation , with the applications and files that shipped on YOUR device already .
Or , you can just use the basic ROM if you want .
It will be perfectly functional if you donâ€™t use the Google parts .
I originally speculated that one possible solution would be that “ his ROMS wonâ€™t include those core apps , but there will be some place else to get them . ”
It did n’t occur to me– we already have them on our phones , Â so if they ’re backed up , we do n’t need anywhere else to get them .
One last thing : if you found yourself freaked out by the prospect of no -more - CyanogenMod , but have never dropped something in his tip jar , please consider doing so to support all the great work he does .
There ’s a PayPal widget right below his Twitter posts on the right side of his site .
Over the weekend 70,000 strong gathered on the streets of Tel Aviv for the victims of a violent attack at an LGBT youth center last week which left two dead and several injured .
President Shimon Peres was among speakers at the meeting on Yitzhak Rabin Square outside the city hall .
“ The shots which struck this proud community affected us all as human beings , as Jews and as Israelis .
The man who targeted the two victims targeted all of us , ” Peres said .
Two people died when a masked , black - clad gunman opened fire on the group of young gays and lesbians at the entrance to the community centre in the heart of Israel ’s commercial capital late on Saturday August 1 .
“ Everyone has the right to be different and proud .
No one has the right to interfere in other people ’s lives so long as everyone respects law and order , ” Peres said .
“ I came to share your tears after the death of two young innocents .
Be strong and courageous , ” he said .
Jehan Nga for The New York Times
GALKAIYO , Somalia — Ahmed Mahamoud Hassan has probably one of the worst jobs on the planet : drought chairman of the Galmudug region of Somalia , one of the hottest , driest , poorest patches of one of the world ’s most utterly failed states .
His job is to feed people in a place where there is no food .
Obviously , it is n’t easy .
I met Mr. Ahmed last week , during a United Nations trip to Somalia to assess how bad the drought situation really is ( short answer : really bad ) .
We walked through a camp for displaced people , absorbing the human wreckage around us .
There were stick - skinny children with horrible , rattling coughs that sounded like an old Chevy Nova trying to start up on a cold morning .
Emaciated goats snacked on piles of garbage , filling their stretched bellies with nothing more nutritious than black plastic bags .
Families of 10 packed into sweltering lean - tos made from sticks and cloth , many of them fleeing either war or drought , Somalia ’s twin killers that have sent more than 20 percent of the country ’s population on the run .
“ This is the fourth year of drought , ” Mr. Ahmed told me .
“ Instead of recovering our livestock , we keep losing them .
We ’re surviving purely due to food aid .
If there are any more delays with the aid , it ’ll be starvation for sure . ”
In villages all around Galkaiyo , we saw stacks of bleached - out animal bones .
People here are pastoralists , and when all the livestock die , the pastoralists are not far behind .
Some decide to trudge to the nearest town and wait for the next sack of donated grain .
But there is a cost to this , too .
Pastoralists are proud people used to surviving in an incredibly harsh environment .
Now they are beggars .
Once all their animals are gone , and all their brothers ’ and friends ’ animals are gone , too , it is hard to rebuild that nomadic life of roaming the hinterlands in search of the green grass , a harsh but totally free existence that seems almost beyond time .
Now , even the camels are dying , which really frightens people , because camels can plod along for days on just a sip of water .
They are the last animals to keel over in the desert and disappear into the sands .
This is basically a picture of the whole middle belt of Somalia and much of East Africa .
Oxfam just the other day said that 23 million people were at risk of starving because of drought .
In some areas , it has n’t a rained a drop in years .
In northern Kenya , people are living off wild , chalky fruits that their stomachs can barely break down .
Many ca n’t make it .
I just found out that the very thin , older woman who was pictured on the front page of The New York Times on Sept. 8 , being helped to a drink of water , died of hunger a few days after that photograph was taken because she was too weak to eat .
True , droughts are cyclical , and various studies suggest that Africa has experienced parched epochs before .
But many people here these days believe the extreme dryness may be evidence of climate change and leaders in far - from - industrialized Africa , which produces just a fraction of the world ’s CO2 , are increasingly saying that their countries are paying a high price for greenhouse gases that are raising global temperatures worldwide .
“ This is the new norm , ” said Nicholas Wasunna , a World Vision aid official in Kenya .
“ We ’re going to be see more of these periods of intense droughts followed by intense rain , ” which is the situation predicted for East Africa this year .
He added , “ It ’s desperate . ”
A 75 - year - old dead man sat decomposing on his Marina del Rey balcony for days because neighbors thought the body was part of a Halloween display and did n’t call police .
Mostafa Mahmoud Zayed had apparently been dead since Monday with a single gunshot wound to one eye .
He was slumped over a chair on the third - floor balcony of his apartment on Bora Bora Way , said cameraman Austin Raishbrook , who owns RMG News and was on scene Thursday when authorities found the body .
Neighbors on the 13900 block of Bora Bora Way told Raishbrook that they noticed the body Monday “ but did n’t bother calling authorities because it looked like a Halloween dummy , " he said .
" The body was in plain view of the entire apartment complex [ and ] they all did n’t do anything , ” Raishbrook said .
“ It ’s very strange .
It did look unreal , to be honest . ”
Three general guidelines for the healthcare debate :
First , whenever someone is spouting off about " communist fascism " , you may ignore everything that person says from that point forward .
Fascism and communism are two entirely different things , and a primary tenet of fascism is its opposition to communism .
So if you think Obama is leading us to either fascist communism or communist fascism , you are n't only a paranoid , LaRouchian nut , you also do n't even know what it is you 're afraid of , and are just putting scary words together in the hope of stirring an emotional response among stupid people .
Second , you cannot be " against socialized medicine " and at the same time think Medicare is good .
Medicare is , in no uncertain term , socialized medicine , and government run , and all of that very scary stuff .
If the concept of " socialized medicine " outrages you , you are against Medicare .
If you are for Medicare , then by definition there is some level of " socialized medicine " you are willing to accept , and at that point you are exactly where the entire rest of the country is , and we 're merely arguing about the details .
All of the people who say that they are afraid of socialized medicine but that they support Medicare are liars .
All of them .
They either secretly do n't support Medicare but are unwilling to say such an unpopular thing out loud , for obvious reasons , or they are n't in fact afraid of " socialized medicine " but still want to use the talking point .
This includes Newt Gingrich , Sarah Palin , and every Senate Republican , as well as the usual assembly of pundits and shouters and supposedly panic - stricken mobs crying in fear at town halls over the imminent Russianization of America if we undertake any meager healthcare reform whatsoever .
The third guideline : the first two guidelines are freaking obvious .
Dear Followers : I appreciate seeing your icon here .
I make every effort to go visit your blog , and find out about you .
I enjoy seeing the blogs you write !
Hamas Prime Minister in the Gaza Strip Ismail Haniyeh blamed Monday Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , saying he personally directed the Palestinian envoy in Geneva to withdraw the request to discuss the adoption of the Goldstone Report by the UN commission on Human Rights .
Haniyeh spoke during a specially convened press conference in Gaza , calling Abbas ' actions unprecedented .
Last week , Hamas accused the Palestinian Authority of betraying their people and of being accomplices in the Israeli plot to neutralize the Goldstone Report .
Studies were temporarily suspended in the Gaza Strip on Saturday , while many went out on the streets , protesting under the banner : " The big betrayal of Martyrs ' blood . "
Following the wave of criticism , Abbas ordered the establishment of an inquiry committee to examine the circumstances surrounding the decision to postpone discussion of the report .
According to Palestinian sources , Abbas 's actions were not enough to ward off the Arab world 's anger , which might lead him to cancel his planned trip to Syria later this week .
UPDATE : This post was an introduction to Devise and a couple of things changed since then .
There is a more recent post which describes the same steps as below using generators and , for a more complete and always updated explanation , please check the README .
In Rails Summit Latin America 2009 , we showed Devise in a lightning talk and today we are officially releasing it !
Before we show you some code , we are going to explain what we want to achieve with Devise , starting with the most used authentication solution nowadays : Clearance and Authlogic .
Clearance
Clearance is a full stack authentication solution , implementing all Model , View and Controller layers using Rails Engines .
It deals with account confirmation and password recovery .
You just need to plug and play !
However , you are required to use the model User and it does not allow you have add and / or customize different roles .
Authlogic
When comes to the Model , Authlogic is definitely the most complete solution out there .
It handles several cryptography providers and many other goodies which are completely configurable .
However , it ’s not a full stack solution ( it does not say how users should confirm their account or recover their password ) and it has a little bit of controversy since it handles the session in a model .
So here is the question , where the session could be handled then ?
Here comes Warden !
Warden is a general rack authentication framework , developed by Daniel Neighman , which handles the session in a rack middleware .
The main benefit from it is that you can share your authentication strategies with several apps , so if you are using Sinatra , Rails and some others middlewares at the same time , they all rely on the same rules !
Devise : strategies for authentication
After we fell in love with Warden and used it in some projects , we decided to create a full stack solution as Clearance , but flexible as Authlogic , on top of Warden .
The solution is Devise , a Rails Engine which handles multiple roles , each one of them with different strategies .
Devise currently comes with 5 strategies :
Authenticatable : responsible for encrypting password and validating authenticity of a user while signing in ;
: responsible for encrypting password and validating authenticity of a user while signing in ; Confirmable : responsible for verifying whether an account is already confirmed to sign in , and to send emails with confirmation instructions ;
: responsible for verifying whether an account is already confirmed to sign in , and to send emails with confirmation instructions ;
Recoverable : takes care of reseting the user password and send reset instructions ;
: takes care of reseting the user password and send reset instructions ;
Rememberable : generates and clears a token to remember the user from a saved cookie ;
: generates and clears a token to remember the user from a saved cookie ; Validatable : creates all needed validations for email and password .
It ’s totally optional , so you ’re able to to customize validations by yourself .
The nice thing is : imagine that you are building an app which needs to handle invitations .
You just need to create a Invitable strategy on Devise and never implement it again !
Show me the code !
In the README , you will find all the information you need to start using Devise in your projects , so here we are going to cover the main aspects of it .
Let ’s suppose you are creating an user model , which needs to be authenticated and recover his password .
The first step is to create the columns using Devise migration helpers :
create_table :users do |t| # creates email , encrypted_password and password_salt t.authenticatable # creates reset_password_token t.recoverable end
Then you need to declare inside your model which strategies you want to use :
class User < ActiveRecord :: User # Authenticatable is always included devise : recoverable , : validatable end
And create the routes :
ActionController :: Routing :: Routes.draw do |map| #
Check for configuration params on README map.devise_for :users end
The route will access your model and create only the routes for the strategies declared .
That ensures that your user wo n't access the confirmations controller inside Devise .
Devise also adds a couple of helpers and filters to be used inside your controllers :
# Inside your protected controller before_filter :authenticate_user !
#
Inside your controllers and views user_signed_in ?
current_user user_session
user_session is a hash scoped only to the user .
So if you have two roles , they will have different session hashes and their data wo n't conflict !
This awesome feature come straights from Warden !
Devise also has I18n support and since it's an engine , you can customize your views just by placing a copy of it in your application .
A small application build as example is also available on Github !
What 's more to come ?
We are planning to add several other strategies to Devise , including brute force protection , session timeouts and also other features , as generators .
You can spy our TODO list whenever you want .
Our many thanks to
Carlos Antônio which worked on Devise and made it ready for prime time !
Jonas Nicklas , which introduced us to Warden and Daniel Neighman for building and maintaining it !
We also want to thank Thoughtbot guys , which wrote several decisions and tips they took while developing Clearance which helped us while building Devise .
Finally , thanks to Fábio Akita for giving us the chance to release it at Rails Summit and Gregg Pollack for releasing Devise on Ruby 5 !
OML has thousands of free addictive Flash and HTML5 Games like N Ninja .
Did you enjoy N Ninja ?
Play more .
Always fast , free and no login required ... new games added daily !
In the second game of a Mahoning Valley Scrappers – Jamestown Jammers doubleheader , one of the saddest things I have ever witnessed took place .
In the second inning , an unidentified four - year - old was struck in the head with a line drive foul ball .
The sickening thud quieted everything .
The next thing I saw was a father in a state of panic carrying the child from the first row seat just past the home dugout and frantically screaming for help .
An EMT met the father and the child and guided them into a tunnel leading to the lower - level corridor .
Everything was silent .
The game was halted as everyone held their collective breath for well over a minute .
Once play resumed , I heard the sirens of an ambulance .
I ignored the game for a moment to exit the press room and look over the balcony hoping to get an encouraging glimpse of the young child showing movement or sitting up with an ice pack on his head .
When the EMT ’s got the stretcher up the six steps and the boy was carried and gently laid down , I saw nothing to be hopeful for .
The child was motionless , the family was horrified , and anyone who saw what I saw was scared .
After the game ended , I drifted back to the locker room to get some thoughts from Scrappers Manager Travis Fryman .
Upon getting settled , I overheard Fryman relaying a status update to his team .
I could only get bits and pieces of what he was saying , but knew that it could not be good news .
When Fryman came through the curtain , I asked him to relay any information he had .
“ The reports I have have not been optimistic .
A four - year - old boy was hit in the head with a line drive .
There are some cranial issues and some spinal issues that are going on here .
Obviously , the young man will need as much family and prayer support as anyone can give him .
I cringe as a dad and as a coach because I see so much of this , but I have never seen a death as a result .
I probably hurt more as a parent and a father right now as I do a baseball manager . ”
The ball came off the bat of Scrapper Ben Carlson .
Fryman commented on Carlson , “ Ben is one of the most genuine and sincere and caring young men I have had in two years here .
He is a great teammate , loves his teammates .
This is going to sit really heavy on him through the night tonight . ”
It is with a tear in my eye and a prayer in my heart that I can only wish the best for the poor kid who was unintentionally hurt .
I will also pray for Ben Carlson who has to be devastated .
I will continue to update this story as I receive information .
*** Update 9/4/09 @ 1 AM
The boy underwent surgery and has since been transported to an undisclosed children ’s hospital where he is said to be in an induced coma .
*** Update 9/4/09 @ 12:43 PM
The boy hit by the line drive has been identified as Luke Holko .
Holko has since been moved to Akron Children ’s Hospital where he remains in an induced coma .
He has undergone surgery for skull fractures and the next few days are critical .
*** Update 9/4/09 @ 10:40 PM
No change on Luke ’s status as far as I could find out .
The Youngstown State baseball team is raising money for their own program by doing vending duties since most of the regular vendors have gone back to their colleges .
Every cent they made at tonight ’s Scrappers game was donated to Luke ’s cause .
It was great to see these young men working hard to raise money .
There is a benefit cookout scheduled to take place at Sam ’s Club in Warren , Ohio on Monday , September 7 ( Labor Day ) from 10:00 AM – 3:00 PM .
The money generated from the cookout will be used to help offset medical expenses to the family of Luke Holko .
Scrappy The Dog will be on hand .
The address for Sam’s Club # 6327 is 1040 Niles - Cortland Rd. , Warren , OH .
I will continue to pass along updates as I get them .
*** Status Update 9-5-09 @ 9 AM
Luke Holko ’s condition is listed as critical .
His family held a press conference yesterday at Akron Children ’s Hospital in which the boy ’s mother , Nicole Holko , said she is happy that the community is flooding the family with e-mails , support , and donations .
The family also thanked EMT ’s for their quick response at the game .
Luke underwent surgery in Youngstown to lift the fracture and take pressure off of his brain .
On Thursday , Luke was transported to Akron where doctors are waiting for the pressure to decrease before they can determine what the long - term effects of the injury will be .
It could take up to 5 days for the swelling to go down .
More updates to follow .
*** Status Update 9-5-09 11:30 PM
Be sure to click on the comments at the bottom of this story , I recently received a comment from a close friend of the family which includes a direct quote from Luke ’s father .
They are reading this blog and appreciate the support .
Travis Fryman and Ben Carlson traveled to Akron Children ’s Hospital this morning where they spent time with the Holko family .
I talked with Ben Carlson after the game tonight .
I wish all professional athletes could see how they should have acted when they were 21 .
Ben is doing better and thanks everyone for the support .
Travis also remarked at how incredibly grateful the Holko family is for the overwhelming support .
More updates as I get them .
Thanks for caring enough to check back .
Anyone who knows I was asked by the local television news media and only provided audio clips as an anonymous media source can explain that I am not following this story to promote my website .
I am merely trying to relay information to those concerned for the well - being of Luke , his family , and Ben .
Being the only media source reporting on the incident the night it happened has strengthened my own concerns for the above mentioned parties .
*** Update 9-7-09 5:15 PM
I attended the fundraiser held at the Warren , Ohio , Sam ’s Club to raise money for Luke in the theme of a Labor Day cookout ( pictured ) .
Scrappy , the Mahoning Valley Scrappers Mascot was on - hand .
Several people were lined up to buy the picnic fare food to which all proceeds were being donated to Luke Holko .
I spoke with event coordinator and Sam ’s Club grocery / produce manager Jendi Pregibon .
“ The response has been overwhelming .
When we started at ten o’clock we had alot of the family members here .
Luke ’s aunt is still here with the others volunteering their time . ”
I asked Pregibon how she came to be involved in the project to which she very emotionally replied , “ I had my family there [ at that particular game ] and saw it .
We [ Sam ’s Club ] want to reach out to our community and show them how much we care .
Blogs vaulted RSS into the limelight but are unlikely to be the force that sustains RSS as a communication medium .
The biggest opportunities for RSS are not in the blogosphere but as a corporate communication channel .
Even now , businesses that were initially reluctantly evaluating RSS are beginning to realize the power and benefit of the RSS information avenue .
The inherent capacity for consumers to select the content they wish to receive will be the driving mechanism for keeping advertisements to a minimum and content quality consistent .
Like the Internet when it first started , blogs were emboldened by the “ cool factor ” .
As the novelty of being new and cool wears off , Internet webmasters and bloggers alike are realizing that maintaining a website or blog is time - consuming .
“ Coolness ” often wears off if a channel is not monetized .
With the ease of blogging and the array of blogs available , only a handful will be able to sustain fresh , constant , unique content and generate any sort of reasonable or significant revenue .
As a result , blogs as we know them today will fade into the background , with many blogs being abandoned .
RSS , being a tool that saves Internet surfers time and allows webmasters to re-purpose and re-package existing and new content will , in my opinion , continue to thrive .
A business effectively using RSS can bring new site visitors , increase search engine positioning , and generate product interest .
The flexibility of RSS as a communication medium and the expansion capabilities of the enclosure tag will allow RSS to flourish as an online marketing tool .
Each day businesses are adopting new uses for RSS , and users are becoming accustomed to skimming content that * they * choose in a single centralized location .
As businesses adopt RSS and consumers experiment with feeds , the popularity of RSS will grow .
Ultimately , consumers are the driving force behind technology .
The convenience of RSS and increased popularity will set a precedent for consumer expectations .
Businesses using RSS as a communication vehicle are able to create keyword - rich , themed content , establishing trust , reputation , and ongoing communication with current and prospective customers .
The big consumer benefit to RSS is that consumers opt-in to content of interest , totally controlling the flow of information they receive .
If the quality of the content in the feed declines , users simply remove the feed from their RSS reader and they will not receive any additional updates from that source .
The RSS reader acts as an aggregator , allowing users to view and scan multiple content streams in a timely fashion .
Consumer expectation will drive businesses that are slow to adopt .
Ultimately , RSS will be a standard , like email addresses and websites are now a “ must ” for businesses .
RSS feeds will join their ranks .
Unlike blogs , businesses can easily justify RSS feeds , as they will be increasing customer and corporate communication .
RSS will create new revenue channels .
RSS has the potential to help companies develop strong relationships with consumers and create brand loyalty .
RSS
Feeds will draw existing customers and prospective clients , translating to a new or renewed income stream .
Businesses using RSS feeds as a communication medium to notify interested customers of specials , discounts , product announcements , technical support tips , news and industry studies will ultimately sustain RSS as a viable and valued communication medium .
Tickets for Cheap Flights to India
India is a terrific travel destination and has always been a favourite of the tourists seeking a spiritual , cultural or historical tour .
This ancient country has witnessed the rise and fall of many empires and each one of them has left behind a legacy , tangible and intangible , for people to relish .
But it is the country 's spiritual and cultural impressions that are perhaps the most potent of them all .
Millions fly to India every year only to experience the country 's unscathed spiritual and cultural ferociousness .
Of course , there is much more to India .
There is this astounding wildlife , spectacularly highlighted by the endangered Royal Bengal Tiger ; the fabulous natural beauty that has no parallels around the world ; and all the modern - day comforts and charms , which are loved by all .
Britons are one of the largest constituents of foreign arrivals in India .
Hundred thousands of them fly to Indian cities annually .
Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport and Mumbai's Chatrapati Shivaji International Airport are the country 's two busiest hubs that are served by all major carriers .
Flights are easily available for both cities from all key UK airports such London Heathrow , Gatwick , Manchester and Newcastle .
Along with Delhi and Mumbai , other big Indian cities , such as Hyderabad , Chennai , Kolkata , and Bangalore , are well connected to most of the airports in the UK .
London Heathrow , as one would expect , has most number of flight frequencies for all major Indian cities .
Get in touch with consultants at Southall Travel and buy great value deals for India travel .
The company specialises in India flights and packages and can offer some excusive discounts and cheap deals on air tickets and hotels .
Read more ...
We keep our noses clean here at Gizmodo , so we 're finding ourselves a bit surprised that someone as upstanding as Carl Sagan , astronomer extraordinaire , was a stoner .
It does kinda explain the obsessions with all things shiny and starry though .
Advertisement
In 1969 , under the name of Mr. X , Sagan contributed to a book called Marihuana Reconsidered .
Some time later he as revealed as the man behind statements like this one :
When I 'm high I can penetrate into the past , recall childhood memories , friends , relatives , playthings , streets , smells , sounds , and tastes from a vanished era .
I can reconstruct the actual occurrences in childhood events only half understood at the time .
Many but not all my cannabis trips have somewhere in them a symbolism significant to me which I wo n't attempt to describe here , a kind of mandala embossed on the high .
Free - associating to this mandala , both visually and as plays on words , has produced a very rich array of insights .
Advertisement
We 're definitely not saying that getting stoned will turn you into a space - studying stud , but instead we just wanted to share a little known fact about a cool dude .
[ Boing Boing ]
So I happily curled up with Robert Langdon , the author ’s anodyne , tweedy doppelgänger , and suppressed my annoyance that the Harvard symbologist was still wearing his Mickey Mouse watch , hand - grinding his Sumatra coffee beans and refusing to entangle with the latest brainy babe who materializes to help untangle ancient secrets .
Image Credit ... Illustration by Christoph Niemann
This book ’s looker , Katherine Solomon , is a lithe , gray - eyed expert in Noetic science , the study of “ the untapped potential of the human mind . ”
Brown must also want to explore the untapped potential of the human body , since he has made his heroine 50 years old , something that no doubt caused the Hollywood studio suits to spritz their Zico coconut water .
Katherine , a few years older than Langdon , may be a tribute to Brown ’s wife and amanuensis , Blythe , who is 12 years older and helped him write “ 187 Men to Avoid : A Survival Guide for the Romantically Frustrated Woman . ”
Emotions are the one thing Dan Brown can’t seem to decipher .
His sex scenes are encrypted .
Even though Katherine seems like Langdon ’s soul mate — she even knows how to weigh souls — their most torrid sex scenes consist of Robert winking at her or flashing her a lopsided grin .
Brown ’s novels are obviously inspired by Indiana Jones and “ Raiders of the Lost Ark . ”
But he can only emulate the galloping narrative drive and the fascination with mythological archetypes , pyramids , Holy Grails , treasure maps and secret codes ; he ca n’t summon the sexy , playful side of the Spielberg - Lucas legacy .
His metaphors and similes thud onto the page .
­Inoue Sato , an intelligence official investigating a disembodied hand bearing a Masonic ring and iconic tattoos that shows up in the Capitol Rotunda , “ cruised the deep waters of the C.I.A. like a leviathan who surfaced only to devour its prey . ”
Insights do n’t simply come to characters : “ Then , like an oncoming truck , it hit her , ” or “ The revelation crashed over Langdon like a wave . ”
And just when our hero thinks it ’s safe to go back in the water , another bad metaphor washes over him :
“ His head ached now , a roiling torrent of inter­connected thoughts . ”
You can practically hear the eerie organ music playing whenever Mal’akh , the clichéd villain whose eyes shine “ with feral ferocity , ” appears .
He goes from sounding like a parody of a Bond bad guy ( “ You are a very small cog in a vast machine , ” he tells Langdon ) to a parody of Woody Allen ( “ The body craves what the body craves , ” he thinks ) .
But Brown tops himself with these descriptions : “ Wearing only a silken loincloth wrapped around his buttocks and neutered sex organ , Mal ’akh began his preparations , ” and “ Hanging beneath the archway , his massive sex organ bore the tattooed symbols of his destiny .
In another life , this heavy shaft of flesh had been his source of carnal pleasure .
But no longer . ”
Wanted by the FBI
I got my FBI file today .
( Request yours ! )
As I hoped , it ’s truly delightful .
It has only minor redactions for reasons of personal privacy ( basically , they deleted agents ’ names and so on ) .
It all started when the — actually , I ’ll let the file tell the story :
February 6 , from Washington Field to Chicago :
UNCLASSIFIED FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATIoN
Precedence : ROUTINE Case ID # : 288A - WF - 238343 ( Pending ) Title : UNSUB(s ) ; US COURTS - VICTIM ; COMPUTER INTRUSION - OTHER Synopsis :
To set lead to locate Aaron Swartz .
Enclosure(s ) : Attached is an Accurint Report for Swartz .
Details : The U.S. Courts implemented a pilot project offering free access to federal court records through the PACER system at seventeen federal depository libraries .
Library personnel maintain login and password security and provide access to users from computers within the library .
PACER normally carries an eight cents per page fee , however , by accessing from one of the seventeen libraries , users may search and download data for free .
Between September 4 , 2008 and September 22 , 2008 , PACER was accessed by computers from outside the library utilizing login information from two libraries participating in the pilot project .
The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts reported that the PACER system was being inundated with requests .
One request was being made every three seconds . [… ]
The two accounts were responsible for downloading more than eighteen million pages with an approximate value of $ 1.5 million . [ … ]
Data that was exfiltrated went to one of two Amazon IP addresses .
Investigation has determined that the Amazon IP address used to access the PACER system belongs to Aaron Swartz .
The following information was provided for the IP address : Name : Aaron Swartz
Address : 349 Marshman Avenue , Highland Park , IL 60035
Telephone : 847-432-8857
A search in Accurint and Swartz ’s personal webpage confirmed this information .
Swartz ’s social security account number is [… ] .
The telephone subscriber for telephone number [ REDACTED ] is [ REDACTED ] .
NCIS report for Aaron Swartz was negative .
A search for wages for Swartz at the Department of Labor was negative . [ … ]
Washington Field Office requests that the North RA attempt to locate AARON SWARTZ , his vehicles , drivers license information and picture , and others , at 349 Marshman Avenue , Highland Park , IL 60035 .
Since SWARTZ is the potential subject of an ongoing investigation , it is requested that SWARTZ not be approached by agents .
February 15 , Manassas , VA :
Set Lead 1 : ( Info ) [… ]
AARON SWARTZ has a profile on the website LINKEDIN , at www.linkedin.com/in/aaronsw.
SWARTZ is listed as a writer , hacker and activist based in the San Francisco Bay Area .
SWARTZ ’s education includes Stanford University , Sociology , 2004 .
SWARTZ ’s experience includes the following : [… ]
SWARTZ has a profile on the website FACEBOOK .
His networks include Stanford ‘08 and Boston , MA .
The picture used in his profile was also used in an article about SWARTZ in THE NEW YORK TIMES .
SWARTZ ’s personal webpage , www.aaronsw.com, includes a section titled “ Aaron Swartz : a life time of dubious accomplishments ” .
In 2007 , SWARTZ began working full - time as a member of the Long - Term Planning Committee for the Human Race ( LTPCHR ) .
February 19 , Manassas , VA :
On February 17 , 2008 [ sic ] , SA [ REDACTED ] received an email from [ REACTED ] Administrative Office of the US Courts , with links to two published articles regarding the compromise of the PACER system .
On February 12 , 2009 , [ REACTED ] published an article in THE NEW YORK TIMES titled “ An Effort to Upgrade a Court Archive to Free and Easy ” .
For the article , [ REDACTED ] interviewed [ REDACTED ] and AARON SWARTZ regarding the compromise of the PACER system .
The following information is found in the article : [… ]
February 24 , Chicago :
Synopsis : Lead covered by Chicago North RA Enclosure(s ) : Illinois DL / ID Image of Swartz and Accurint Vehicle / Residence Reports for Swartz address .
Details : Attempted to locate AARON SWARTZ , his vehicles , drivers license information and picture , and others at 349 Marshman Avenue , Highland Park , IL 60035 .
Successfully located drivers license photo for SWARTZ .
Drove by address in an attempt to locate SWARTZ or vehicles related to the residence , but was unsuccessful .
House is set on a deep lot , behind other houses on Marshman Avenue .
This is a heavily wooded , dead - end street , with no other cars parked on the road making continued surveillance difficult to conduct without severely increasing the risk of discovery .
However , divers license and Accurint information lists address above .
Other family members are listed as current residents and four vehicles are currently registered to Susan Swartz who resides at above address .
Illinois database checks for SWARTZ yielded negative results .
SWARTZ has no arrests , no registered vehicles or property .
Chicago considers this lead covered .
March 9 , Manassas , VA :
AARON SWARTZ posted a weblog titled “ NYT Personals ” [ on February 13 — AS ] at http://www.aaronsw.com/weblog.
In the weblog , SWARTZ quotes the NEW YORK TIMES article in which he was interviewed .
SWARTZ also posts “ Want to meet the man behind the headlines ?
Want to have the F.B.I. open up a file on you as well ?
Interested in some kind of bizarre celebrity product endorsement ?
I ’m available in Boston and New York all this month ” .
March 23 , Manassas , VA :
On March 10 , 2009 , [ REDACTED ] of THE ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE US COURTS ( US COURTS ) provided the following information : [ … ]
When asked to clarify how a user knows what constitutes unauthorized access and how a user would have known that they had to be in one of the seventeen libraries to access PACER , [ REDACTED ] had [ REDACTED ] prepare a response .
[ REDACTED ] provided the following information : AARON SWARTZ would have known his access was unauthorized because it was with a password that did not belonged to him .
April 14 , Manassas , VA
On 04/14/2009 , SA [ REDACTED ] called ( 847 ) 432-8857 in an attempt to speak to AARON SWARTZ .
A female answered the telephone and stated that SWARTZ was not available [ … ] SA [ REDACTED ] left a message for SWARTZ to return her call and the female stated that she would email that message to SWARTZ .
SWARTZ called SA [ REDACTED ] and left a message on her voicemail stating he could be reached at [… ] .
This number is a T - Mobile cellular number and returned negative results in Telephone Applications .
SA [ REACTED ] spoke to SWARTZ , at telephone number [ … ] , and explained that the FBI is looking for information on how SWARTZ was able to compromise the PACER system so that the US COURTS could implement repairs to the system and get PACER running again .
SWARTZ stated that he would have to talk to his attorney first and would call SA [ REDACTED ] back at a later time .
April 16 , Manassas , VA :
On 04/16/2009 , SA [ REDACTED ] returned a telephone call to ANDREW GOOD , ( 617 ) [… ] .
GOOD is AARON SWARTZ ’s attorney in Boston , MA .
GOOD wanted assurance that if SWARTZ was interviewed , what he said would not be used to jeopardize him .
SA [ REDACTED ] explained that assurance could not be given but that we were in an information gathering phase .
GOOD refused the interview without the assurance .
April 20 , Washington Field Office :
CASE ID # : 288A - WF - 238943 ( Closed ) [… ]
CCIPS Attorney [ REDACTED ] closed the office ’s case .
Based on the CCIPS closing , Washington Field is closing this case as of this communication .
I ’ve just sent away for the CCIPS file .
You should follow me on twitter here .
October 5 , 2009
Chicago 's City Hall got a green roof in 2001 .
The project was designed to test various concepts and methods and to test the benefits .
Editor 's Note :
This occasional series looks at powerful ideas — some existing , some futuristic — for fueling and electrifying modern life .
Rooftops covered with plants — logically dubbed “ green roofs ” — could help fight global warming , scientists now suggest .
Green roofs are growing more popular in cities , with the number of green roofs increasing by more than 35 percent from 2007 to 2008 in the United States , representing more than 3.1 million square feet installed last year .
In Germany , widely considered the leader in green roofing , some 12 percent of all flat roofs are green , with the German green roof industry growing 10 to 15 percent annually .
“ In Stuttgart in Germany , 25 percent of all roofs there are green .
It ’s just normal .
I think we can get to that level here , ” said researcher Brad Rowe at Michigan State University , an environmental scientist in East Lansing .
“ It ’s possible to choose plants where you do n’t need to water them if you ’re in a place like Arizona , if you have the right cactus species , for instance . ”
These roofs can reduce heating and air conditioning costs , with Department of Energy simulations projecting they can lead to a roughly 10 percent reduction in natural gas consumption and a 2 percent drop in electricity use for a typical building .
Moreover , green roofs last two to three times longer than standard roofs because they are protected from ultraviolet radiation and the extreme fluctuations in temperature that cause roof membranes to deteriorate .
They also retain and detain storm water , which could otherwise exacerbate flooding and erosion .
“ They can also bring in birds and butterflies , help improve biodiversity , ” Rowe said .
“ And there ’s also aesthetics , and how do you put a dollar value on that ? ”
In addition to soaking up pollution and noise , the plants in green roofs naturally absorb carbon dioxide , the leading greenhouse gas behind global warming .
However , nobody had measured the potential impact of green roofs on carbon dioxide levels until now .
Scientists at Michigan State University measured carbon levels in plant and soil samples collected from 13 green roofs in Michigan and Maryland over a two - year period .
The researchers found that replacing traditional roofing materials with green roofs in an urban area the size of Detroit , with a population of about one million , would capture more than 55,000 tons of carbon .
That is roughly similar to eliminating a year ’s worth of carbon dioxide emitted by 10,000 mid-sized SUVs and trucks .
The challenges green roofs now face in the United States are in the arenas of policy and costs .
“ The government should not necessarily mandate them , but it can provide incentives for them , just as they do in Germany and elsewhere , ” Rowe told LiveScience .
“ And green roofs are more expensive , but only initially .
Over time , they ’re cheaper once you consider their benefits energy - wise .
It takes about 11 to 14 years to break even . ”
The scientists are scheduled to detail their findings in the October 1 issue of the journal Environmental Science & Technology .
Five years after Lynndie England became the face of the Abu Ghraib abuse scandal , the disgraced US soldier spoke to Newsnight 's Hilary Andersson .
In a hard - hitting interview she talks about the death threats that mean she is still scared to leave her home ; her agony over how to tell her five - year - old son about the photographs and her refusal to accept that she did anything wrong .
Earlier , I posted a small script that lets you do Fast Fourier Transforms in Javascript .
I did this in to test the waters to see if I could do the exercises for the Numeric Photography study group in Javascript .
I am well underway , now , with the first exercise / assignment .
The goal is to create an image editor that lets you work on either the image or the Fourier transform of the image .
I have only tested it under Safari and Firefox so far .
I do intend to add excanvas into it later and test it on some other browsers .
If you are interested ( and have Safari or Firefox ) , here is the current state .
Edit ( four hours later ) : I have now debugged it under Firefox 3.5.2 .
These are the original image , the Fourier transform in which I painted some green dots and phase - rotated the lowest - order frequencies , and the image after the inverse transform .
For carrying coins with eco-friendly style .
It 's great to reuse milk / juice cartons - I have tons of them under my couch just waiting to be converted into a cute coin purse .
I always get stopped when I pay for things because people think it 's so cute !
This is my first how to , so if anything is confusing please let me know !!
I would love your feedback .
Oh , and for some reason step one is a phantom ... I can't figure out how to get it to go away .
So take Step 1 as " Mentally prepare yourself for the awesomeness to come . "
I am now the guardian of a Vodou doll that has wreaked havoc at my university .
I first learned of him last week , when a colleague in the art history department sent me a mysterious message .
Could she bring him by so I could take a look at him ?
She did not disclose where he came from or how he ended up over at art history instead of my own department , religious studies .
Both my research and personal interest were piqued , and I invited them over for Friday — but on that morning I ran into some difficulty .
My husband ’s car would not start ; the doll would have to wait .
I called my colleague and suggested a Monday meeting .
She took the news a bit ominously , mentioning that other faculty had been having “ bad luck ” since his arrival in their lives .
Monday morning I waited with eager anticipation for my colleague ’s arrival .
I must confess that I was ready to wow her with my expertise of Afro-Caribbean religion .
I must also admit I was expecting an elaborate doll , one worthy of inspection by professors of the fine arts .
Instead , I was handed a Kodak slide tray box containing a medium - sized cloth doll , along with a bag of candy corns .
His eyes are two slits of white thread , his pants , hat , and scarf are red , his shirt a light purple .
He looks like something you would buy at a tourist stand .
In fact , as I gazed at him , that is where I assumed he came from .
But no .
He was discovered by workmen .
The computer in one of the university ’s classrooms had been crashing , and no one could fix it .
Finally a tech person came and took the computer out of its cabinet .
There he was , wedged behind it .
The computer was fixed .
My colleague did not want to leave him to perform any more mischief so he was brought to her department .
Faculty were not pleased ; a modernist in the department said to “ get rid of him . ”
Others joined in to demand his exit .
As a way of appeasing him , someone gave him an offering of candy corn .
And then he came to me .
He had nowhere else to go .
It was either I take him , or the plan was to dig a hole , pour some rum and gunpowder on him , and bury him .
The idea of PhDs sitting around plotting the burial and destruction of a doll makes me smile even now .
I thought that sort of irrational superstition only happened in religious studies — apparently , we are not alone .
Vodou dolls and zombies are associated with the Hollywood popularization and vilification of Vodou , a rich African Diaspora religion that is too often reduced to witchcraft and sorcery .
As a scholar that works on Afro- Caribbean religion , I cannot tell you how many times I get calls from journalists wanting me to denounce Vodou , describe it as satanic , list it as a possible explanation for a case of torture or ritual death .
When I teach students about Vodou they are intrigued and often fearful ; field trips to Vodou house temples evoke an excitement that no visit to a church ever provokes .
When I teach Catholicism , I do not get inundated with emails from undergrads asking to meet a priest .
When I teach about Vodou ( and consequently Santería ) , I get flooded with desperate emails asking me to reveal the name of a “ good ” Vodou priest that can give them a spiritual consultation or help them with a “ spell . ”
I do not associate Vodou with superstition , but too often I find it reduced to superstition or “ black ” magic .
I have searched long and hard for the origins of Vodou doll mythology .
La Regla de Palo Monte , whose origins are Bantú ( sub- Saharan African ) , is an Afro -Cuban religion .
The name Palo comes from practitioners ’ use of branches and trees .
While the various religions described as Reglas de Congo have their origins in the Congo region , in Cuba they have been decidedly influenced by Yoruba religion .
Palo Monte ritual centers around the Nganga .
In Bantú religion nganga refers to priests or ritual leaders ; however , in Cuba it came to refer to the cauldron used in Palo Monte ritual practices .
This cauldron carries relics , most often a skull , of a deceased person with whom a priest has entered a ritual contract .
Also , some paleros were known to make figures to attack enemies , such as their slave masters .
This is perhaps the origin of the contemporary mythology behind the pop-culture Vodou doll .
The collapse of two African religious traditions — one Cuban , one Haitian — does not surprise me .
The doll who sits in my office is not the type of doll you stick needles in .
I am not even sure he is a Vodou doll .
And yet , his black cloth skin and his scarf evoked feelings of fear and mistrust among a group of university professors .
The mythology of evil surrounding Vodou , surrounding black religion , remains .
I have nestled him between an image of the Mayan god Maximon and an image of the Yoruban orisha Bablú Ayé .
I decided he would feel at home with other marginalized and often misinterpreted religious figures .
He has been with me now for twenty - four hours .
I am happy to say , as a type this reflection , that my computer is working fine .
From what I have seen and heard , Whoever was in charge of the police in Pittsburgh and most of the police involved with the attacks on legal protesters , students in their residence area and citizens who just happened to be nearby should be arrested , charged with Violation of civil rights , unlawful conduct and in many cases criminal assault .
Just these few news clippings give the grounds for arresting the police chief and at least half of the officers and so on of conspiracy to commit violence and denial of civil rights .
Who among the police is going to arrest them ?
It will have to be a civilian performing a citizen 's arrest .
What about the mayor or the military who worked hand and glove with them .
What about the federal agents who help and directed them ?
Who planned the police response and outright riot by police against the citizens ?
Maybe it 's time to take police powers away and let them serve warrants or give hue and cry only .
Maybe it 's time to disband the FBI .
They seem to lead the charge in violating people 's rights .
Maybe it 's time to take back the police powers by the citizens and lock up some of the true threats to our Constitution .
Pittsburgh TRIBUNE -REVIEW
Friday , October 2 , 2009
Label , a 21 - year - old Pitt junior , said she was not protesting when she was arrested on the lawn of the Cathedral of Learning .
" They told us to disperse , but nobody left , and I did n't think anything of it , " Label said .
Then , as the situation deteriorated and police started using OC vapor and making arrests , she said she got scared and tried to leave .
" They pushed us over the bushes , and my shoe came off .
I went back to get it , and I was getting pushed by those giant GI Joes .
We were being treated like criminals , but they were n't taking us seriously , " Label said .
" A group of soldiers stood outside the bus laughing at us .
We spent five hours sitting on that bus .
They stood watching us , a group of 19- , 20 - , 21 - year - old girls being patted down .
I had to wait seven hours before being allowed to go to the bathroom .
The Porta John did n't close all the way .
I was humiliated .
Nothing they do to me now can be worse than what they already did , " Label said .
Pittsburgh police Chief Nate Harper was out of town and unavailable for comment , police spokeswoman Diane Richard said .
Earlier this week , Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said : " I think , as a group , the police responded admirably . "
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
One researcher is n't buying Microsoft's and Google 's explanation that hijacked Hotmail and Gmail passwords were obtained in a massive phishing attack .
Mary Landesman , a senior security researcher at San Francisco - based ScanSafe , said it 's more likely that the massive lists -- which include approximately 30,000 credentials from Hotmail , Gmail , Yahoo Mail and other sources -- were harvested by botnets that infected PCs with keylogging or data - stealing Trojan horses .
Landesman based her speculation on an accidental find in August of a cache of usernames and passwords , including those from Windows Live ID , the umbrella log - on service that Microsoft offers users to access Hotmail , Messenger and a slew of other online services .
That cache contained about 5,000 Windows Live ID username / password combinations , said Landesman , who found the trove while researching a new piece of malware .
" From the organization [ of that cache ] and what the data looked like in raw form , I think it 's more likely that this latest was the result of keylogging or data theft , not phishing , " Landesman said .
She dismissed the idea that the passwords had been collected in a large - scale , industry - wide phishing attack , as Microsoft and Google both maintained .
" Another indicator is the sheer number of compromised accounts , " Landesman said , referring to the two lists that have gone public .
" Phishing is not generally a wildly successful scam , it does n't have a big return .
People are more savvy about phishing than we give them credit for . "
Instead , it 's more logical to assume that the passwords were acquired by botnet operators , who hijack PCs using security exploits , then later plant data - stealing malware on those machines .
" That 's a much more realistic source , " said Landesman .
" Regardless [ of ] what the final intent is of a botnet , one of the core capabilities of every botnet is the harvesting of e-mail credentials .
If it looks like a horse , it 's a horse , it 's not a zebra . "
Landesman 's theory contradicts not only Microsoft and Google , but also the Anti-Phishing Working Group ( APWG ) , an industry association dedicated to fighting online identity theft .
On Monday , the APWG 's chairman , Dave Jevans said a phishing attack that garnered thousands of passwords was do - able .
" It 's not outside the realm of possibility , " he said .
Also against the phishing explanation , argued Landesman , is the fact that the second list -- approximately 20,000 passwords -- contained usernames from not just Hotmail , but also Gmail , Yahoo Mail , Comcast , EarthLink and others .
" That makes [ the purported phishing campaign ] a much broader attack across multiple services . "
Her first thought when she read about the compromised Hotmail accounts was of the cache of credentials she 'd found two months before .
" Those public lists reminded me of the lists I found , " she said .
" It was definitely not a complete list , but seemed to be an advertisement for what this [ hacker ] had to offer . "
The hacker was either inexperienced , or not too bright :
The data was not password - protected , which is the norm for credential caches .
Landesman 's theory is not just an academic exercise , she maintained .
" Everyone who suspects that their account has been compromised should change their password , " she said , repeating advice by Microsoft , Google and other security experts .
" But if , after changing their password , they have another reoccurrence where they see their account being used to e-mail spam , or they again can't access their account , then they need to suspect that there 's a local infection on their PC . "
The gig :
The unofficial voice of “ tween ” America -- children between the ages of 9 and 14 -- Berendsen has written some of Disney Channel ’s most popular movies , including “ The Cheetah Girls : One World , ” “ Twitches ” and “ Wizards of Waverly Place : The Movie , ” which was the top-rated telecast of the year , attracting 13.5 million viewers .
He also penned “ Hannah Montana : The Movie , ” the big - screen adaptation of the popular television series , which grossed nearly $ 155 million in worldwide ticket sales .
Filming just concluded on another project , “ Camp Rock 2 : The Final Jam , ” and he ’s polishing the script for “ High School Musical : East Meets West . ”
Act One , Scene One : Born in Wisconsin , Berendsen grew up in Huntington Beach .
He graduated from UCLA in 1987 with a bachelor ’s degree in political science , then moved to Seattle to pursue a career -- as an insurance underwriter .
“ After five years I thought I wanted to kill myself , ” he said .
While researching business schools , Berendsen stumbled on a newspaper article about USC ’s graduate screenwriting program .
He applied and promised himself that , if accepted , he would quit his day job , sell his house and return to Southern California .
“ I was n’t brought up [ to think ] that being a writer was an obtainable dream at all , ” Berendsen said .
The turning point : Berendsen was one of 15 people accepted into USC ’s program from about 2,000 applicants .
Pursuing one ’s passions would become a recurring theme of his work .
Whenever a young fan approaches him now to ask for an autograph , he always signs it “ follow your dreams . ”
Advertisement
The big break : Early jobs included penning jokes for comedian Paulie Shore and for Jackie Guerra ’s situation comedy , “ First Time Out , ” on the now - defunct WB network .
In the late 1990s , Berendsen interviewed for a writing job at the Disney Channel .
“ It was the worst meeting of my entire life , ” he said .
“ Because I had come from this sort of adult comedy world , this woman who was interviewing me told me that I was wasting her time .
. . .
She basically threw me out of her office . ”
“ I was so angry I went home and , over the next two weeks , I wrote one of my ideas , which became the movie ‘ Up , Up , and Away ! ’ for Disney Channel , ” he said .
Independent producer Paula Hart , the mother of actress Melissa Joan Hart , bought the script .
Then she hired him to write “ Sabrina Goes to Rome , ” a 1998 television movie based on the series “ Sabrina , the Teenage Witch . ”
Berendsen joined the staff of the television series , starring the younger Hart , and would become its executive producer .
“ That was really where I honed my skills and really developed that niche , ” he said .
On channeling his inner tween : Adolescent angst is timeless .
“ What ’s going on inside has n’t changed one bit from when we were kids , or from when our parents were kids , ” he said .
“ It ’s that great conflict of wanting to run with the crowd and to stand out from the pack .
Those have always been the core conflicts . ”
Advertisement
Adolescent archetypes are likewise enduring .
Girls still spend hours communicating with friends .
Only now they ’re texting , tweeting and posting on Facebook .
Information travels instantly .
And that , Berendsen said , has torpedoed certain time - honored plot devices .
“ There are no more messages left on answering machines , ” he said .
As for , like , you know , the lingo ?
Berendsen said trying to mimic tween slang would render his work “ automatically uncool . ”
So he does n’t try .
“ You need to write the emotions , ” he said , “ not write down to them . ”
Moving from TV to the big screen : “ The challenge is taking characters from a sitcom . . . and taking them out into the real world and making them seem authentic and real and letting them have a voice that does n’t make it sound like they need a laugh track behind them . ”
Advertisement
In “ Hannah Montana : The Movie , ” the pop singer ’s soaring popularity threatens to take over her life , so her father , played by real - life dad Billy Ray Cyrus , takes the teen home to Crowley Corners , Tenn. , to gain perspective on what ’s important in life .
“ There was so much time to play out the drama and the emotion that you would n’t have been able to do in the 30 minutes on the show , ” he said .
“ This is about a girl really deciding what she wanted to do with her future . ”
Personal : Berendsen , 45 , and his husband , Kevin , live in the Larchmont neighborhood of Los Angeles .
dawn.chmielewski @latimes.com
A new study in China has found that people with higher levels of pesticide exposure are more likely to have suicidal thoughts .
The study was carried out by Dr Robert Stewart from the Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London together with scientists from Tongde Hospital Zhejiang Province .
The agricultural pesticides commonly used in China are organophosphates which are in wide use in many lower income countries but have been banned in many Western nations .
It is well known that they are very dangerous if ingested as an overdose but there is also biological evidence that chronic low - grade exposure to these chemicals , which are very easily absorbed into the body through the skin and lungs , may have adverse effects on mental health .
This study is the first epidemiological evidence to suggest possible effects on suicidal thoughts .
The study was carried out in central / coastal China , a relatively wealthy area with a rapidly developing economy .
In a very large survey of mental health in rural community residents , participants were also asked about how they stored pesticides .
The study found that people who stored pesticides at home , i.e. those with more exposure , were more likely to report recent suicidal thoughts .
Supporting this , the survey also found suicidal thoughts to be associated with how easily accessible these pesticides were in the home and that the geographic areas with highest home storage of pesticides also had highest levels of suicidal thoughts in their populations .
Given the high level of pesticide exposure and the high suicide risk in rural China , clarification of the causal mechanisms underlying this association and the development of appropriate interventions should be priorities for public health and health policy .
Dr Robert Stewart comments : ' Organophosphate pesticides are widely used around the world although are banned in many countries because of their risk to health .
They are particularly lethal chemicals when taken in overdose and are a cause of many suicides worldwide .
Our research findings that suggest that higher exposure to these chemicals might actually increase the risk of suicidal thoughts provides further support for calls for tighter international restrictions on agricultural pesticide availability and use . '
Dr Jianmin Zhang , Associate Chief Psychiatrist , Tongde Hospital of Zhejiang Province , and Vice Director , Zhejiang Office of Mental Health , China added : ' The findings of this study suggested potential causal links and might partially account for the much higher incidence of suicide in rural than urban areas of China .
However , further studies particularly with more precisely defined and assessed exposure are critically needed , as awareness of safer access to pesticides is important both to policy - makers and pesticide users . '
###
Notes to editors
Pesticide exposure and suicidal ideation in rural communities in Zhejiang province , China by Jianmin Zhang , Robert Stewart , Michael Phillips , Qichang Shi & Martin Prince was published in the October issue of the WHO Bulletin .
The full article can be accessed on http://www. who. int/ bulletin/ volumes / 87 / 10 / 08-054122. pdf .
The analysis involved data from a survey of a representative sample of 9,811 rural residents in Zhejiang province who had been asked about the storage of pesticides at home and about whether or not they had considered suicide within the two years before the interview .
The Chinese version of the 12 - item General Health Questionnaire ( GHQ ) was administered to screen for mental disorder .
King 's College London
King 's College London is one of the top 25 universities in the world ( Times Higher Education 2009 ) and the fourth oldest in England .
A research - led university based in the heart of London , King 's has more than 21,000 students from nearly 140 countries , and more than 5,700 employees .
King 's is in the second phase of a £ 1 billion redevelopment programme which is transforming its estate .
King 's has an outstanding reputation for providing world - class teaching and cutting - edge research .
In the 2008 Research Assessment Exercise for British universities , 23 departments were ranked in the top quartile of British universities ; over half of our academic staff work in departments that are in the top 10 per cent in the UK in their field and can thus be classed as world leading .
The College is in the top seven UK universities for research earnings and has an overall annual income of nearly £ 450 million .
King 's has a particularly distinguished reputation in the humanities , law , the sciences ( including a wide range of health areas such as psychiatry , medicine and dentistry ) and social sciences including international affairs .
It has played a major role in many of the advances that have shaped modern life , such as the discovery of the structure of DNA and research that led to the development of radio , television , mobile phones and radar .
It is the largest centre for the education of healthcare professionals in Europe ; no university has more Medical Research Council Centres .
For more information , visit : www.kcl.ac.uk.
King 's College London and Guy's and St Thomas ' , King 's College Hospital and South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trusts are part of King 's Health Partners .
King 's Health Partners Academic Health Sciences Centre ( AHSC ) is a pioneering global collaboration between one of the world 's leading research - led universities and three of London 's most successful NHS Foundation Trusts , including leading teaching hospitals and comprehensive mental health services .
For more information , visit : www.kingshealthpartners.org.
For those interested in the implications of our observations of the Barclays - Lehman transaction as they pertain to the Federal Reserve 's discount window , we recommend skipping to Part 2 .
Part 1 : The Lehman " Blue Light Special "
It is becoming increasingly likely that Barclays will have to pay a cool $ 5 billion ( at least ) in additional consideration to the Lehman estate , after the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors came out yesterday with a hefty joinder piece to the debtor 's motion that Barclays materially misrepresented and , in essence , stole $ 5 billion or more from under the noses of both Lehman Brothers Holdings and its Creditors , all as the megalomaniacal Judge Peck was trying to ram the largest prearranged stalking horse bankruptcy through , in the shortest ( im ) possible amount of time , just so he could print " Judge Peck - Greatest Restructuring Judge in the World " t- shirts at the Bowling Green sweat shop just off NY Southern Bankruptcy court .
As it often happens , the exposure of this alleged fraud was just a matter of time , and it would appear that Bob Diamond who was counting on a meek opposing creditor committee , and complicit debtor ( which he got for a good 12 months , courtesy of a toothless Official Creditor Committee ) is about to pay through the nose for what he thought at the time was the greatest rip off since Bear Stearns .
A filing by the OCC provides a very good summary of the five purported axes of scammery that the Barclays ' pickpockets were hoping to effectuate under the " End is Nigh " guise of systemic collapse , and the need for a quick transaction closing , no matter what the cost to Lehman :
Implied $ 5 Billion Discount .
Unbeknownst to the Court or the Committee , early in the negotiations , Barclays and the Lehman Sellers agreed to give Barclays a $ 5 billion discount from the transferred assets ' book value .
Indeed , evidence suggests the $ 70 billion figure contained in the Asset Purchase Agreement ( " APA " ) was not the value on the Lehman Sellers ' books at all .
Instead , it was a " negotiated " number with an embedded $ 5 billion discount .
This discount was not disclosed in any of the transaction documents given to the Court .
Unbeknownst to the Court or the Committee , early in the negotiations , Barclays and the Lehman Sellers agreed to give Barclays a $ 5 billion discount from the transferred assets ' book value .
Indeed , evidence suggests the $ 70 billion figure contained in the Asset Purchase Agreement ( " APA " ) was not the value on the Lehman Sellers ' books at all .
Instead , it was a " negotiated " number with an embedded $ 5 billion discount .
This discount was not disclosed in any of the transaction documents given to the Court .
Significant Structural Changes To Sale Transaction .
The APA contemplated Barclays would acquire the North American broker dealer operations by purchasing certain of its assets and the liabilities relating to those assets .
However , on September 17 , 2008 , the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( the " Fed " ) insisted that Barclays assume the Fed 's obligations to provide financing to LBI .
The Fed had financed LBI through a repurchase agreement ( the " Fed Repurchase Agreement " ) .
Barclays agreed to step into the Fed 's position and entered into its own repurchase agreement with LBI ( the " Barclays - LBI Repurchase Agreement " ) , which replaced the Fed Repurchase Agreement .
As is common in financings of this type , the Fed Repurchase Agreement contained an approximately $ 4.4 to $ 5 billion cushion or haircut in valuing the assets in relation to the liabilities .
Barclays agreed to provide $ 45.0 billion in funding , which LBI would secure with assets worth at least $ 50 billion .
After executing and filing the APA , the parties ultimately decided to transform the Barclays - LBI Repurchase Agreement into an asset sale , with Barclays keeping all of the collateral pledged under the Fed Repurchase Agreement ( the " Fed Portfolio " ) — which contained not less than $ 5 billion additional collateral beyond the $ 45.0 billion that Barclays was required to advance , i.e. , the haircut .
The APA contemplated Barclays would acquire the North American broker dealer operations by purchasing certain of its assets and the liabilities relating to those assets .
However , on September 17 , 2008 , the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( the " Fed " ) insisted that Barclays assume the Fed 's obligations to provide financing to LBI .
The Fed had financed LBI through a repurchase agreement ( the " Fed Repurchase Agreement " ) .
Barclays agreed to step into the Fed 's position and entered into its own repurchase agreement with LBI ( the " Barclays - LBI Repurchase Agreement " ) , which replaced the Fed Repurchase Agreement .
As is common in financings of this type , the Fed Repurchase Agreement contained an approximately $ 4.4 to $ 5 billion cushion or haircut in valuing the assets in relation to the liabilities .
Barclays agreed to provide $ 45.0 billion in funding , which LBI would secure with assets worth at least $ 50 billion .
After executing and filing the APA , the parties ultimately decided to transform the Barclays - LBI Repurchase Agreement into an asset sale , with Barclays keeping all of the collateral pledged under the Fed Repurchase Agreement ( the " Fed Portfolio " ) — which contained not less than $ 5 billion additional collateral beyond the $ 45.0 billion that Barclays was required to advance , i.e. , the haircut .
Mad Dash For Unencumbered Assets .
Not satisfied with the $ 5 billion cushion , beginning on Friday September 19 , 2008 , Barclays demanded that the Lehman Sellers transfer billions of dollars more additional assets .
The search for these assets continued after the Sale Hearing , and included ( a ) no less than $ 1.9 billion of unencumbered securities in the " non-actionable " box , ( b ) 15c3 Securities valued at between $ 750 million and $ 800 million and ( c ) an undisclosed amount of collateral supporting the OCC Accounts and other exchange - traded accounts ( valued at approximately 2.3 billion ) .
Not satisfied with the $ 5 billion cushion , beginning on Friday September 19 , 2008 , Barclays demanded that the Lehman Sellers transfer billions of dollars more additional assets .
The search for these assets continued after the Sale Hearing , and included ( a ) no less than $ 1.9 billion of unencumbered securities in the " non-actionable " box , ( b ) 15c3 Securities valued at between $ 750 million and $ 800 million and ( c ) an undisclosed amount of collateral supporting the OCC Accounts and other exchange - traded accounts ( valued at approximately 2.3 billion ) .
Overstated Liabilities .
The evidence also reveals that Lehman and Barclays intentionally overstated the Cure and Compensation Liabilities to foster the impression that Barclays was assuming greater liabilities .
The APA Scheduled these amounts at $ 2.25 billion and $ 2.0 billion respectively .
In reality , the estimates of the liabilities were only approximately $ 1.3 - $ 1.7 billion .
The evidence also reveals that Lehman and Barclays intentionally overstated the Cure and Compensation Liabilities to foster the impression that Barclays was assuming greater liabilities .
The APA Scheduled these amounts at $ 2.25 billion and $ 2.0 billion respectively .
In reality , the estimates of the liabilities were only approximately $ 1.3 - $ 1.7 billion .
Conflicts Of Interest In Negotiations .
The Lehman Sellers ' teams negotiating on behalf of the estates were steeped in personal conflicts of interest .
Several of the negotiators for the Lehman Sellers either negotiated their employment agreements in the midst of the Sale Transaction negotiations or at least knew that they would be transferred to Barclays .
While we have discussed the first four issues previously on Zero Hedge , the last point deserves additional mention as it points to what could be potentially criminal superposition of personal over fiduciary interests by a select few " negotiators " on both the Lehman and Barclays side .
From the filing :
Deposition testimony revealed the identity of a certain core group of individuals responsible for negotiating the Sale Transaction .
On the Lehman Sellers ' side , the negotiators included Bart McDade ( President ) , Skip McGee ( Managing Director - Head of Investment Banking ) , Mark Shafir ( Co - Head of M&A ) , Alex Kirk ( Advisor ) , Mark Shapiro ( Head of Restructuring ) and Dick Fuld ( CEO ) .
Steven Berkenfeld ( Managing Director , Legal ) executed the APA , the First Amendment and the Clarification Letter on the Lehman Sellers ' behalf .
Also involved from the Lehman Sellers were Paolo Tonucci ( Treasurer ) , Ian Lowitt ( CFO ) , Mike Gelband ( Head of Capital Markets ) , Eric Felder ( Co- Head of Fixed Income ) and Martin Kelly ( Global Financial Controller ) .
At the operations level , the Lehman Sellers ' employees involved included James Hraska , Robert Azerad , and Alastair Blackwell .
As explained below , many of these individuals became Barclays ' employees following the Sale Transaction .
On the Barclays ' side , the chief negotiators appear to have been Rich Ricci ( Chief Operating Officer ) , Archie Cox ( Chief Executive Officer - Americas ) , Michael Klein ( Advisor ) , Gerard LaRocca ( Chief Accounting Officer - Americas ) , Bob Diamond ( Chief Executive Officer ) , and Jerry del Missier ( President ) .
Also involved were Patrick Clackson and Michael Keegan .
David Petrie and John Rodefeld were involved at the operations level on the Barclays ' side .
And this is the part that we recommend regulatory and legal enforcement officials focus on the most :
Many of the individuals negotiating the Sale Transaction on the Lehman Sellers ' behalf became Barclays ' employees following the closing .
Indeed , McDade told Lowitt that Barclays deemed eight individuals , including Lowitt himself , as critical to the transaction .
The other seven were Skip McGee , Ajay Nagpal , Tom Humphrey , Eric Felder , Gerald Donini , Mike Gelband and Hyung Lee .
The transfer of these eight individuals to Barclays apparently became a condition of the Sale Transaction closing -- a fact disclosed during the Sale Hearing .
McDade also worked for Barclays after the sale transaction .
However , the significant bonuses paid to these employees after the Sale Transaction closed was not disclosed to the Court .
As Alex Kirk explained , " [ s ] everal of my colleagues .
. . who had signed employment agreements were resigning from [ Barclays ] and receiving large payouts upon their leaving the firm . "
Kirk , who McDade had re-hired to assist during the negotiations , also went to work with Barclays after the transaction .
Because he had no written employment agreement with Barclays , he prevailed upon McDade to press Barclays for a bonus package because " [ McDade ] was on point for those sorts of issues with Barclays . "
[ Blacked out text , presumably discussing bonus and compensation in detail ] .
Shapiro , Azerad , Blackwell , Hraska , and Kelly each joined Barclays as well .
The fact that both sides of the negotiating table were incentivized to produce the lowest possible transaction value for the Lehman Brokerage Sale to Barclays is certainly not representative of a fair arms - length negotiation : it demands a close scrutiny of each person 's personal motivations and how these could have been misaligned with the interests of equity and bondholders of Lehman , whose interests Messrs McDade , McGee , Kirk , Shapiro , Azerad , Blackwell , Hraska , and Kelly have a much greater responsibility to , than to their own personal wallets .
And if this means Lehman creditors pocket the difference of not only the $ 5 billion that may have been misappropriated by the Barclays - Lehman crack team , but also obtain a clawback of any improperly structured bonuses paid out to Lehman employees ( if we need a Pay Czar , this is " non-earmuff " time ) who were set on screwing over Lehman creditors at any and all cost , so be it .
Part 2 : In which the Federal Reserve accepts 5,136 shares of bankrupt retailer Shaper Image as collateral ( among others )
As part of the escalating fight between the Lehman estate and Barclays , one of the tangential benefits is a quick glimpse into what goes on at the Fed 's discount window .
As a result of the unsealing of tomes of data , information scourers will have a field day by going through the thousands of pages made public for the first time , that disclose not only Lehman 's asset exposure , but also the amount of collateral proffered to Lehman by the NY Fed , by JPMorgan as primary custodian in a tri-party repo involving the Fed , and subsequently how this collateral was viewed by Barclays , as well as the measures it took to do all it can do minimize the amount of money it would have to pay to assume the collateral ( which was declining in value every day ) .
In the week following the Lehman collapse , Barclays , as part of its Asset Purchase Agreement , was supposed to purchase ( at first ) $ 70 billion worth of assets ( coupled with assuming the related $ 69 billion of debt ) : an amount which for liquidity - depleted Lehman was financing with overnight loans from both the NY Fed and from JPMorgan , which acting as a Fed agent , was involved in a tri-party repo transaction with Lehman Brothers .
Yet Barclays did all it could to minimize the amount of cash it would have to pay JPM , as it suddenly realized the assets it had purchased were quickly dropping in value .
A good summary is presented in the UCC filing :
On Friday night , for the first time as far as we know , the Bankruptcy Court was apprised of a different ' deal ' between Barclays Capital and Lehman Brothers -- and that Barclays Capital was no longer purchasing $ 70 billion in assets and assuming $ 69 billion in related debt .
But the Court was not apprised of the purchase that Barclays Capital now says it agreed to make .
Instead , of the Court being told that Barclays Capital was purchasing approximately $ 49.7 billion in securities for $ 45 billion in cash , the Court was told that Barclays Capital was purchasing $ 47.4 billion in securities for $ 45.5 billion in cash .
In addition , the Court was told that the reason for the change was a deterioration in market prices , an explanation that we now know to be incorrect .... [ I ] nasmuch as you ended up taking securities that had not been part of the ' Fed collateral ' -- again , some were part of the ' Barclays Capital tri-party collateral ' and still others were not financed by JPMorgan at all -- we believe that a full accounting should be done .
It is altogether possible that the LBI estate and its creditors gave you more or less value than you were entitled to receive .
Moreover , the Bankruptcy Court was told that Barclays Capital was to receive $ 47.4 billion ( not $ 49.7 billion ) in securities and to pay $ 45.5 billion ( not $ 45 or $ 45.2 billion ) in cash .
We are both duty - bound to ensure that LBI received the value it was supposed to receive in exchange for your $ 45 billion .
We have offered several times to do this accounting with you ( and , as appropriate , the Fed ) , and it is ntirely possible that the SIPA Trustee and the Bankruptcy Court would want such an accounting , but your personnel have declined , citing the amount of time and effort it would take .
We should do this accounting and should do it now ...
A different way to explain what was happening is provided by the transcript of Kirk 's confidential deposition in court , also made public :
. . . [ A ] s I understood it from the way that Mike Keegan explained it to me was that the Fed had been providing a repo for Lehman Brothers earlier in the week of approximately $ 50 billion , that the Fed had made it known that they wanted to be repaid on that repo , and that Barclays had agreed to assume that repo obligation from the Fed .
Without that financing the firm would have collapsed the next morning .
So the way it was explained to me was , during the transfer of those -- that loan and the collateral associated with that loan , there were many pieces of collateral that Barclays could not value , so they did not accept them in transfer from the Fed .
And mechanically , it was explained to me the way that worked was , in a tri-party repo , the Fed transferred all of the positions to JPMorgan and then JPMorgan began transferring those positions upon the receipt of money from Barclays transferred money , and then they would transfer the positions that secured that repo .
And at some point during that process , Barclays became very uncertain as to some percentage of that collateral , I do n't recall the exact amount , but it was a large number , maybe as much as , you know , 20 percent of the collateral , and when Barclays did n't accept those positions , they , by definition , just got left at JPMorgan .
They -- so JPMorgan was left with collateral that they were not comfortable with but Barclays would not accept , so -- and JPMorgan , I guess they attempted to negotiate but could n't get that negotiation done . " ) .
Barclays ' attempt to nickel and dime JPM ( and the US taxpayers ) so infuriated Jamie Dimon that he penned an angry letter to John Varley , Barclays Group CEO ( which CC:ed Barclays ' president Bob Diamond ) , threatening with litigation in case Barclays is intent on sticking JPM with Lehman collateral that it thought was without value and not worth assuming in a time when every single day stock prices were crashing further lower .
A very telling excerpt from the note is the following description of what was happening the Thursday evening after Lehman had filed :
Chaos reigned throughout Thursday evening .
You sent another $ 40 billion in cash .
Billions of dollars of securities were sent out and many were " DK'd " or otherwise sent back .
By about 11 o'clock , when DTC shut down , you had apparently received a net total of approximately $ 42.7 billion of securities .
All of the confusion was heightened by the absence of any definitive list of securities you were purchasing - an absence that we believe further supports the notion that you were taking all of the securities collateralizing our intraday advances .
Basically , Barclays tried to rip JPMorgan off by collecting not just on the Lehman collateral which was part of the Barclays APA , but pretty much all the collateral in the tri-party repo , backed and funded by the NY Fed and JPMorgan .
But the bottom line is that chaos ruled : tens of billions of dollars were flying on the wires at any given minute , in order to give the impression that with Lehman 's collateral now on Barclays ' books everything was magically better .
In this firestorm of wire transfers , the Fed 's direct Lehman exposure was made obvious .
From the Jamie Dimon letter , one can see that in the days after Lehman 's bankruptcy , over $ 50 billion in securities had been assumed by the Fed via FRB and DTCC programs , which also included anywhere between $ 3 billion and $ 4.5 billion in equities .
It was Barclays ' onus to shift this entire collateral exposure to its own balance sheet ( while paying both the Fed and JPM off ) .
Another way of representing this activity immediate to the $ 40 billion transfer highlighted by Dimon above , comes from the following table , showing the insane activity on the wires between the Fed , the Tri-Party repo , and other parties .
Indicative of just how precarious the system was , is the over $ 6.2 billion in DK 'd transactions ( a staggering amount ) , which meant that the fate of the successful closure of the Lehman deal ( and the September 19th near collapse of the Reserve money market fund ) constantly hung on by a thread .
An amusing tidbit highlighting the manner in which Barclays was attempting to game the system , is that even as it was unwilling to assume much of the collateral that the Fed had accepted earlier ( as we pointed out , this includes equities , which as Karl Denninger reminds us , is allowed by Section 13.3 under " unusual and exigent circumstances " ) , and which is the main focal points of JPM 's complaint to Barclays , what it did accept it promptly proceeded to mark up aggressively : none other than Jamie Dimon points out that very fact :
Indeed , much of the collateral financed by Barclays Capital on Wednesday night was the very collateral financed by the Fed on Monday and Tuesday nights .
( For a very significant amount of that collateral , the movement of which between the Fed collateral pool and the Barclays Capital collateral pool was undoubtedly deliberate , Barclays Capital assigned a loan value greater than the amount that had been assigned by the Fed . )
The games banks play , highlighted by the very master of the game .
Another representation of what was happening to the collateral pool in the very critical Tri-Party agreement is the following table highlighting the variance between Lehman 's haircuts on various assets ( a nominal 4 % weighted average ) and that demanded by the Federal Reserve ( 9 % weighted average ) .
What is shocking is the eagerness by the Fed to lend against equities after a mere 20 % haircut in principal value .
This begs the question , just how much of the collateral pool in the Fed 's discount window is even covered at all , assuming extensive loans from the time of Lehman 's collapse are likely significantly underwater not only in terms of equity collateral , but for non-IG corporates , converts , and private labels , all of which had the same blanket haircut .
The chart below shows that on the Friday before Lehman 's collapse , the Fed was willing to accept virtually any toxic asset into its own balance sheet , after applying a generic 20 % discount .
And if you have ever wondered just how a hundred billion dollar + organization has a valuation set ( almost ) literally on a napkin , here are the handwritten notes by Lehman 's global financial controller Martin Kelly :
Yet what readers will likely have the most interest in is the following CUSIP by CUSIP representation of all the securities ( equity and otherwise ) that the Fed was responsible for as part of the Tri-party Repo Agreement , thereby pledging the goodwill of taxpayers ' returns on such equities as bankrupt WHX , Tower Automotive , Federal Mogul , Intermet , Finlay Jewelers , and many other quality names .
The full file can be found here .
Below is a sample of the representative equities that the Fed was backstopping for Lehman in the days when it seemed like the entire financial system would collapse :
Coming full circle , the major question we have is what , if any , considerations did the Fed use when determining how much of Lehman 's collateral pool it would be willing to onboard in the discount window .
And if back then it was willing to accept securities of bankrupt companies as value pledges to US taxpayers , why would one assume that anything has changed ?
The next time there is a " risk - flaring " event ( and with bankrupt companies presumably still on the Fed 's balance sheet , it is merely a matter of time ) , how much more leeway will be given to toxic assets ?
Will the Fed now allow for a 10 % haircut instead of 20 % ?
Or how about 5 % ?
Or maybe it will actually say the securities deserve a premium , since all that money Bernanke is printing has to go somewhere .
We hope that the over 300 members of Congress who already support Ron Paul 's " Audit the Fed " Initiative consider the implications of what the Lehman fiasco has taught us , and how this unique look into the Fed 's balance sheet should be a very critical reminder of just how much risk the Fed is willing to take on with taxpayer capital when bailing out a financial system that , absent ongoing accounting gimmickry and endless Reserve Banking System subsidies , is still rotten to its core .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Poet and punk rocker Jim Carroll has died at age 60 .
Funeral arrangements are pending .
Poet , punk rocker and author Jim Carroll performs at a 2002 benefit in New York .
A respected poet and musician , Carroll also was the author of " The Basketball Diaries , " which was adapted into a 1995 movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio .
Carroll died Friday at his home in Manhattan after suffering a heart attack , said his former wife , Rosemary Carroll .
In 1980 , he released the popular album " Catholic Boy , " which , according to his fan Web site , expressed the " [ b ] omb - fear anticipation , the optimistic nihilism and glittering darkness of the 1980s . "
The track " People Who Died " was one of the most - requested songs on FM radio at the time , and as Newsweek 's Barbara Graustark noted then , " it propelled [ Carroll ] from underground status to national attention as a contender for the title of rock 's new poet laureate . "
The release of the song coincided with the death of John Lennon .
The success of the album was attributed to the powerful combination of pure rock ' n ' roll with Carroll 's poetic sensibility and ability to write from his own experience .
The fan Web site Catholicboy.com sums up Carroll 's approach to music by quoting him as saying , " There ai n't much time left , you 're born out of this insane abyss and you 're going to fall back into it , so while you 're alive you might as well show your bare ass . "
In addition to two follow - up albums , Carroll was a best - selling author of six books .
" He was a sweet , sweet man , and I 'm going to really miss him , " said Cassie Carter , a close friend for more than 20 years who operates Catholicboy.com .
Carroll was born in New York in 1949 and spent his childhood living on the city 's Lower East Side , attending Catholic schools , said Rosemary Carroll , whom he met in 1973 .
At 12 , he began keeping a journal that eventually was published as " The Basketball Diaries " in 1978 .
In it , he recorded the highs and lows of his youth .
He first experimented with drugs at 12 and soon was addicted to heroin , but he was able to kick that habit in the 1970s , his former wife said .
He had just completed a novel , tentatively titled " The Petting Zoo , " which is about a young painter who experiences spiritual crises .
The date of its release has not been set .
Carroll is survived by a brother , according to his ex-wife .
All About Jim Carroll • John Lennon
In what it is calling Operation Phish Phry , the F.B.I. began arresting 53 people on Wednesday on charges of conducting a vast financial fraud based on phishing  the act of tricking Internet users into revealing their passwords and other information .
The arrests were in Southern California , Nevada and North Carolina , while the authorities in Egypt sought to arrest 47 people whom the F.B.I. said were co-conspirators .
An 86 - page indictment , filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California in Los Angeles , accuses the defendants of tricking people into giving up their bank account information .
The F.B.I. said that this was the largest number of defendants ever charged in a cybercrime case , and that they had stolen at least $ 2 million from 2007 to last month .
The scams victimized people with accounts at Bank of America and Wells Fargo , two of the nation ’s largest banks .
The online component of the fraud was perpetrated in Egypt , Keith B. Bolcar , the acting chief of the F.B.I. ’s Los Angeles bureau , said .
The defendants there sent mass e-mail messages that appeared to be authentic communication from the banks , the F.B.I. said .
Dragon * Con 2009 : M.A.D. – Mutants Against Disney
Sometimes a picture is worth … well , it ’s own post .
For instance , the shots captured below ( done by geek photographer Derek Deweese ) at Dragon * Con 2009 that depicts one very angry mutant .
Of course this could have been inspired by the Penny Arcade web comic that shows how Marvel Comics ’ new parent company Disney is dealing with an excess of characters .
I have to be honest though , I expected far more Marvel / Disney mashups from this group of creative costumers .
News of the Disney - Marvel acquisition is still very fresh in the minds of fanboys , but as you can see from the disgruntled Hank McCoy pictures , a little effort goes along way .
[ P. S. – If I ’ve missed some Marvel / Disney mashups from Dragon * Con either add the URL to the comment section below or tweet @geeksofdoom .
We ’ll make sure you get credit for the find . ]
Images
GamePro has been under a lot of fire for their review of The Conduit , but that ’s not the only issue that has arisen over the past few days .
Today , someone discovered what appeared to be an editor of their arcade section plagiarizing a review from IGN .
The article in question was about Water Warfare , a downloadable FPS for Wii .
You can check out some of the similarities below .
IGN review …
On tap in this super soaker is a robust feature set including both single - and multiplayer modes .
There is plenty to do here , even if you plan to wage war by yourself .
The 40 single - player missions offer a variety of objectives and boss battles .
If you just want to skirmish you can play against up to seven bots with three difficulty levels .
As for multiplayer , two players can go at it in split screen or you can play with a total of eight via the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection .
Online , you can play against just your friends , play a friendly game against random strangers , or participate in a ranked match .
While waiting in a lobby there is a handful of messages to send to your opponents / team mates .
The four maps each come in a large and small variation .
You ’ll find all the usual FPS weapons here ( pistols , machine guns , shotguns , rocket launchers … ) , but loaded with agua instead of bullets .
Scattered around each map are also fun items like a raincoat that makes you temporarily water resistant and a towel to dry yourself off .
GamePro review …
Featuring over 40 single player missions for you to get soaked in , Water Warfare offers up a lot of content .
In the single player missions you will have a variety of objective and boss battles .
If you just want to skirmish you can play against up to seven bots with three difficulty levels .
Two players can go at it in split screen or you can play with a total of eight via the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection .
You can play with strangers or just play a good old fashioned rank match on one of the 4 maps made .
Team games include Battle Royale where the last person standing wins , Death Match is the standard FPS free - for - all , but should be called Wet Match , first player to 10 knockouts wins .
Treasure Chest you have to find the opposing team ’s chest and bring it back to your base .
In assault you capture the flag , which I figured would be called capture the flag .
Base you take control of bases and score 100 points to win .
Finally in point rally you need to put your gun away and race through checkpoints .
Weapon wise you ’re given the standard array of weapons , pistols , shotguns , assault rifles and rocket launchers all filled with lovely H2O .
The weapons control ok but feel like squirt guns that have no kick to them .
Also perks are scattered throughout the map like a raincoat that makes you temporarily water resistant and a towel to dry yourself off .
GamePro did respond to the claims that the review was plagiarized and acknowledged that “ the charges are true . ”
The writer responsible for the review was fired as well .
However , the article has not been taken down so that GamePro can “ be up front about the mistake that had been made and take full responsibility for it . ”
Source – IGN review
Source – GamePro arcade review
Source – GamePro explanation
Source – Original discovery
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Google
Pocket
WORLD VIEW : What links ‘ Casablanca ’ hero Victor Laszlo and Japan ’s new prime minister ?
writes PATRICK SMYTH
‘ AND WHAT if you track down these men and kill them , what if you killed all of us ?
From every corner of Europe , hundreds , thousands would rise up to take our places .
Even Nazis can’t kill that fast . ” – Victor Laszlo ( Paul Henreid ) , Casablanca , 1942
STIRRING STUFF .
And now , the pub quiz question :
What ’s the connection between Casablanca ’s fleeing resistance hero , Victor Laszlo , and Japan ’s new prime minister , Yukio Hatoyama ?
Answer : Count Richard Coudenhove - Kalergi , aristocratic son of an Austrian diplomat and Japanese mother , champion of the idea of a united states of Europe in the interwar period and seen by many as one of the inspirers of the European Economic Community .
And the inspiration , it is said , for the character of Laszlo .
For this curious link , I am indebted to Prof Yoshibumi Wakamiya , a senior columnist at Asahi Shimbunand a professor of political journalism .
On Monday at UCD he delivered a fascinating account of political change in Japan in which Coudenhove - Kalergi ’s ideas are playing a prominent part .
The victory of Hatoyama and his Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) in last month ’s general election represents a landmark in the country ’s democratic history , notably by ending half a century ’s dominance by the conservative Liberal Democrats ( LDP ) .
Apart from radical domestic reform , Hatoyama has moved quickly to strengthen Japan ’s commitment to climate change and to improving relations with China and Korea , notably by making clear he is sensitive to concerns about Japan ’s history and will not visit the controversial Yasukuni war shrine .
He has also given strong support to an idea that has been gaining increasing currency in the region : an East Asian Community modelled on the EU .
Indeed , the Japan - China - Korea summit in Beijing two weeks ago agreed to discuss this vision as a long - term target .
Hatoyama has been explicit about his personal inspiration : the writings of Coudenhove - Kalergi , whose 1923 book Pan- Europa was translated into Japanese by the prime minister ’s father , Ichiro Hatoyama , himself an LDP prime minister in the 1950s .
In 1922 , Coudenhove - Kalergi founded the Pan- European Union with Archduke Otto von Habsburg as “ the only way of guarding against an eventual world hegemony by Russia ” .
His ideas were inspired by Woodrow Wilson ’s 14 - point peace plan and what he saw as the need to preserve European culture from communism and fascism .
The League of Nations would be too weak to save Europe ; he wanted a “ united states of Europe ” , and he sought with limited success to recruit politicians from left and right to his cause .
In the postwar period , after exile in the US , he would be involved in the establishment of the European Parliamentary Union , which would merge with the European Movement and on whose board he would serve .
His ideas would provide inspiration for a new generation of European conservative politicians .
Although fighting to establish a middle ground for democratic values , Coudenhove - Kalergi ’s elitist instincts never left him .
He tried unsuccessfully to recruit Mussolini to his cause , and was an admirer of Austrian chancellor Engelbert Dolfuss and later Charles de Gaulle , admitting that his conception involved “ the best , the brightest , the most intelligent ” in power .
Coudenhove - Kalergi ’s writings , particularly his emphasis on the French revolutionary idea of “ fraternity ” – translated into Japanese by Ichiro Hatoyama as yuai– would , however , be the basis both for the ideology of the LDP ’s early years and Yukio Hatoyama ’s vision for the DPJ .
In a lengthy article * ahead of the election in September , Hatoyama extols Coudenhove - Kalergi , defining yuaias “ the compass that determines our political direction , a yardstick for deciding our policies .
I believe it is also the spirit that supports our attempts to achieve ‘ an era of independence and coexistence ’ . ”
The notion , what we might call “ friendship ” or “ community ” , is , he makes clear , as much a driver of domestic policy as the corner - stone of his vision for an East Asian Community : “ I . . . feel that as a result of the failure of the Iraq war and the financial crisis , ” he writes , “ the era of the US - led globalism is coming to an end and that we are moving away from a unipolar world led by the US towards an era of multipolarity .
“ However , at present , there is no one country ready to replace the US as the world ’s most dominant country .
Neither is there a currency ready to replace the dollar as the world ’s key currency .
I believe that we should aspire to the move towards regional currency integration as a natural extension of the path of the rapid economic growth begun by Japan , followed by South Korea , Taiwan and Hong Kong , and then achieved by the Asean [ Association of Southeast Asian Nations ] and China . ”
The idea of an economic and currency union of the region , which generates one - quarter of global income , will take time to gestate and will , initially at least , have to forgo the democratic underpinnings of the EU , as Wakamiya acknowledged .
“ For such a single currency to bring about political integration will surely take longer still , ” writes Hatoyama .
But he concludes his article optimistically , with the words of Coudenhove - Kalergi :
“ All great historical ideas started as a utopian dream and ended with reality . ”
“ My Political Philosophy ” first appeared in the September issue of Japanese journal Voice .
psmyth@irishtimes.com
Recycling Landfills
It is very likely that you recycle just like my family recycles .
We put paper and cardboard in a brown paper bag to be picked up for recycling .
In a separate container , we set aside aluminum , plastic , glass , and tin to be also recycled .
What about those other miscellaneous trash bags ?
Do these bags ever get recycled ?
Most likely not .
They typically just go to landfills or city dumps to be stored indefinitely .
I humorously and unofficially named our local landfill " Mount Trashmore " .
Landfills are a blight to society , because they are a major environment catastrophe .
Landfills are a source of continuous contamination to underground water and soil , because their hazardous materials eventually seeps out .
They cause perpetual air pollution .
They contain serious biohazards and breeding ground for deadly diseases .
They have large populations of dangerous wildlife that call landfills their home , and these animals help spread diseases .
Furthermore , landfills take up precious space and decrease nearby property values .
That are just some of the issues with landfills .
So , why are there very few people trying to solve these problems ?
Let us take a look at what is currently being done with landfills , and what plans are being developed .
Currently , there are only about three popular methods for dealing with landfills besides doing nothing .
First , some cities incinerate their garbage and use the solid waste byproduct ( called slag ) for road and construction projects .
This solution causes dangerous and toxic air pollution , and is typically only used when the cost of storing trash in landfills is greater than incineration even with the added benefit that incinerators produce energy .
As a result , this solution only exchanges one type of pollution with another type of pollution .
Another method is actually using landfills as a better renewable source of fuel .
For example , several companies ( such as Firm Energy Inc. ) convert organic waste in landfills into ethanol , natural gas , or methanol that can be used to generate electricity and even biodiesel .
It is estimated that landfills produce approximately 13 % of all the methane released into the atmosphere .
This methane is pollution that could be instead used as fuel and still be more cost effective than traditional energy sources .
Thus , this method is a renewable energy source that reduces dependence on fossil fuels , however it only reduces landfills by recycling only organic wastes .
Obviously , more solutions need to be found for recycling other types of wastes in landfills .
The third and final method is to bury landfills .
That is covering landfills with dirt or concrete , so that the land can be reused , such as for parks and buildings .
This method does not address the hazards that landfills will cause for decades to come .
This is not a practical long term solution and maybe not a very wise solution either .
Fortunately , there are two new methods for recycling landfills that are gaining interest and momentum .
First , an interesting solution is using landfills as mines because of all the valuable metals buried inside landfills .
It is widely believed that landfills have huge quantities of gold , copper , silver , and aluminum that would be cheaper to mine than traditional mines .
As a result , landfill mining would save money for the mining companies and would greatly decrease the need and growth of traditional mines that would in turn directly help the environment too .
Obviously , this is another piece of the solution for recycling landfills .
For more information on the details of landfill mining , you can read these two enlightening articles : " There 's Gold in Them Thar Smelly Hills " by FastCompany " Landfill as gold mine " by Private Sector Development Blog
Therefore , we need need to help push mining companies ( such as Alcoa into mining more profitable areas such as landfills .
Does anyone have any recommendations how to do this ?
If so , contact us .
Second , another new solution is vaporizing trash using a plasma-arc gasification process that has already been proven at work in two facilities Japan and a third larger facility is under construction in the United States of America .
This process is much cleaner than incineration , because it uses a closed loop gasification process at higher temperatures than incinerators .
As a result , the only emissions that vaporizing produces will be slag and synthetic gas .
The slag can and will be safely reused for road and construction projects , and the synthetic gas will be burned as fuel to generate electricity .
Burning of this gas should be significantly cleaner than burning fossil fuels or incineration , however environmentalists are quick to point out this has yet to be sufficiently proven .
Since all landfill trash can be used in the vaporizing process , this solution can and hopefully will rid the world of each and every landfill .
For more information on the details of plasma-arc gasification , please read this article : " Florida county plans to vaporize landfill trash " by USA Today
We can only hope for the success of the companies trying this innovative type of landfill recycling , and further hope that this process is as environmentally friendly as it appears to be .
In conclusion , there are already several methods of recycling landfills , however they have been proven to be insufficient .
Luckily , there are more and better methods over the horizon .
Please support your local and national governments by recommending these better solutions for our landfills .
by Phil for Humanity
on 09/18/2006 Related Articles
» Recycling Batteries
» Two Pairs of Trash Cans at Home
» Robotic Recycling of Landfills
The Times has a report about their new poll on today ’s front page .
As Adam Nagourney and Dalia Sussman put it in their lead , Obama “ is confronting declining support for his handling of the war in Afghanistan and an electorate confused and anxious about a healthcare overhaul . ”
While that ’s true , the most interesting part of the poll is n’t reported until near the end of the story , where we find this :
On one of the most contentious issues in the health care debate–whether to establish a government - run health insurance plan as an alternative to private insurers–nearly two - thirds of the country continues to favor the proposal , which is backed by Mr. Obama but has drawn intense fire from most Republicans and some moderate Democrats .
Indeed , what the Times asked was whether people supported “ the government offering everyone a government - administered health insurance plan like Medicare . ”
That would be more ambitious than even some of the “ public option ” proposals discussed in Congress , which would not necessarily be available to “ everyone . ”
In other words , the public–in the face of a hostile and / or dismissive media system–prefers a substantially more progressive health care plan than anything being discussed in the Beltway or in the corporate media .
In fact , they seem to support something resembling the “ Medicare for all ” concept that was trashed in the Sunday New York Times .
You might find that newsworthy … but not if you ’re the New York Times .
INTRODUCTION
The question of how or even if pornography is linked to rape or other sex crimes has been with different societies for many years .
In the United States , it was shown that , as far as could be determined by a Commission appointed by U. S. President Lyndon B. Johnson ( Pornography , 1970 ) , no such relationship of pornography leading to rape or sexual assault could be demonstrated as applicable for adults or juveniles .
Following the idea of the 1970 President 's Commission , in 1986 the findings of the United States ' Attorney General 's Commission were released ( Meese , 1986 ) .
Appointed in 1984 by President Ronald Reagan , this commission found , in contrast with the previous Presidential Commission , that : " substantial exposure to sexually violent materials . . . bears a causal relationship to antisocial acts of sexual violence . "
In distinction to the Presidential Commission , however , this Attorney General 's Commission was politically , not scientifically , constituted .
This Meese Commission was primarily composed of nonscientists who did no research of their own and commissioned none .
It solicited testimony mainly from specific parties and organizations which it anticipated would be sympathetic to its goals while ignoring testimony from those it suspected would be disagreeable ( Lynn , 1986 ; Nobile & Nadler , 1986 ; Lab , 1987 ) .
The Meese Commission 's own minority report , by two of the only three women on the panel , -- one of whom had a great deal of experience in sex research -- dissented from the majority report in saying the findings were not in keeping with the amassed social science data ( Meese , 1986 ) .
Subsequent nation - wide studies in the United States also seemed to find no strong evidence that rape rates were associated with the availability of pornographic magazines ( Baron and Straus , 1987 ) or adult theaters in a community ( Scott and Schwalm , 1988 ; Winick & Evans , 1996 ) .
In Britain , the privately constituted Longford Committee ( Amis , Anderson , Beasley - Murray , et al. , 1972 ) reviewed the pornography situation in that nation and concluded that such material was detrimental to public morals .
It too dismissed the scientific evidence in favor of protecting the " public good " against forces that might " denigrate (e ) and devalue ( e ) human persons . "
The officially constituted British ( Williams ) Committee on Obscenity and Film Censorship , however , in 1979 analyzed the situation and reported ( Home Office , 1979 ) : " From everything we know of social attitudes , and have learnt in the course of our enquires , our belief can only be that the role of pornography in influencing the state of society is a minor one .
To think anything else . . . is to get the problem of pornography out of proportion ( p. 95 ) . "
A review report by McKay and Dolff ( 1984 ) for the Department of Justice of Canada essentially says similarly : " There is no systematic research evidence available which suggests a causal relationship between pornography and the morality of Canadian society . . . [ and none ] which suggests that increases in specific forms of deviant behavior , reflected in crime trend statistics ( e.g. , rape ) are causally related to pornography . "
In Canada , the Fraser Committee in 1985 , after a review of the topic concluded the evidence so poorly organized that no consistent body of evidence could be found to condemn pornography ( Canada , 1985 , pp. 99 ) .
Among those European / Scandinavian societies investigated for any relation between the availability of pornography and rape or sexual assault , again no such correlation could be demonstrated ( Kutchinsky , 1985a , 1991 ) .
For the countries of Denmark , West Germany and Sweden , the three nations for which ample data were available at the time , Kutchinsky showed that as the amount of pornography increasingly became available , the rate of rapes in these countries either decreased or remained relatively level .
According to Kutchinsky , only in the United States did it appear that , in the 1970s and early 1980s as the amount of available pornography increased , did some increase in rape occur ( Kutchinsky , 1985a , 1991 ) .
But Kutchinsky also noted a change in how rape was recorded which could account for the apparent increase in the American sex crime rate .
Considering the volume and intensity of debate in Europe and the United States surrounding the possible link between pornography and sex crimes it was thought valuable to see how another nation , one quite different from those in the West , compares in the availability of SEM and the occurrence of rape and other sex related crimes .
Japan , an Asian culture with its ancient tradition of male prerogative and female subservience and 13 year post World War II period of legal prostitution provides a sufficient cultural contrast to that of the United States and the other Western countries investigated .
In Japan , a definite upswing in concern regarding pornography occurred at the beginning of the present decade .
Conservative groups and the media began to call for government action to stem the rising tide of pornography they saw occurring .
For instance the citizens of Wakayama prefecture loudly called for the control of sexually explicit manga [ comic books ] directed at children ( Mainichi- shinbun , 1990 ) .
Presently in Japan , sexually explicit video tapes , books , and magazines which cater to all sorts of erotic interests and fetishes are readily available .
These include sexually obvious manga without age restrictions as to availability .
Phone booths in commercial areas and city newspapers contain advertisements for sexual liaisons of every sort .
However , this availability of modern pornography is relatively new .
Essentially since the end of World War II with the imposition of American military rules , which lasted until 1951 , there was prohibition of any sexually explicit material .
This continued under the Japanese government into the late 1980s ; images or depictions of frontal nudity were banned as were pictures of pubic hair or genitals .
No sex act could be depicted graphically .
The situation began to change markedly at the turn of the present decade .
While the laws themselves were not modified , interpretation of them changed .
Judges during this period became increasingly liberal allowing more pornography of wider scope to be considered " not obscene . "
Concomitantly with this , as the widely reported uproar regarding a case of rape by American servicemen of a young Okinawan girl in 1995 might reflect , this crime is taken quite seriously in Japan ( Anonymous , 1995 ) .
Analysis , thus , particularly of the years covering this last decade of rapid change , seemed of value .
This present study concentrates on the offenses of Rape , Sexual assault and Public indecency in Japan and analyzes how their occurrence correlates with the increasing availability of pornography .
For comparison and as " control " measures we also look at the incidence of Murder and nonsexual Violent crimes for the same period .
We particularly attend to any influence the introduction of widely available pornography might have had on juveniles .
Methods
The period chosen for investigation includes the twenty - three years from 1972 to 1995 .
These are years for which official data from Japan are available .
Prior to 1972 the data collection methods and associated definitions used in Japan were significantly different from those presently in use and are not suitable for comparison .
These years cover a time period during which Japan transitioned from a nation whose laws ( or their interpretation ) relating to pornography changed from sexually prudish to a country whose sex censorship laws can now be classified as permissive .
Definitions
The terms pornography , rape , sexual assault and such are in popular use but are also legal terms .
For the purposes of simplicity in the present discussion , pornography is broadly defined as any sexually explicit material ( SEM ) primarily developed or produced to arouse sexual interest or provide erotic pleasure .
It may be in any media and it may be legal or illegal .
In Japan , as in the United States , sexually explicit material to be found illegal must be found obscene .
Production or distribution of obscene materials is illegal .
Each prefecture can , with its own ordinances , modify the law as it is applied to persons under 18 years of age .
In application , nationally not only might pornography include so - called hard core erotica , but until the 1970s and into the 1980s this included material that graphically presented genitals , pubic hair , or frontal nudity .
Depictions of any sexual act in educational material or work of art might fall under this definition .
Public and official attitudes toward such materials , however , appeared to gradually relax from the 1970 's on .
Particularly in the years 1990 and 1991 , major shifts became apparent in how this law was interpreted ; fewer materials were being charged as obscene and even fewer convictions obtained .
The reasons for this shift are not obvious .
The jury system is not used in Japan .
Final determination of which materials or acts meet any criteria of criminality are typically decided by a panel of 3 judges to whom the material or incident is presented .
In Japan , the laws are applied nationally but often interpreted regionally ; judges in the cities are often more lenient regarding pornography than are those in rural areas .
To promote uniformity across the country , approximately every three years the judges are rotated to a different prefecture .
As in other countries , initial determination of criminality is first made at a lower level , e.g. , the local policeman or custom agent .
Alleged obscene material is confiscated with a determination of actual obscenity to be made later .
Japanese law recognizes six fundamental types of sex crimes ( Roposensho , 1989 ) .
These crimes are defined approximated by the following : 1 ) Public indecency [ Article 174 ] refers to behaviors such as public exposure of the genitals ; incidents which " violate a sense of morality . "
Presently this article is most often used against strip theaters that the authorities consider pressing the limits of lewdness but is also used to deal with behaviors such as flashing and peeping .
2 ) Obscenity [ Article 175 ] is any practice or sexually erotic material whose preparation , sale , distribution or display can evoke " uncontrollable or disquiet reason . "
3 ) Sexual assault [ Article 176 ] is defined as threat or actual force in a sexual encounter less than rape .
4 ) Rape [ Article 177 ] is penetration , regardless of how slight , of a female 's genitals with a penis .
There is no provision for rape of males .
5 ) Constructive compulsory indecency and rape [ Article 178 ] relates to statutory offenses , where an individual due to mental or physical limitations , is considered unable to offer knowledgeable consent .
Here males or females can be considered as victims for this crime .
6 ) Attempted sexual assault , attempted rape or attempted statutory rape [ Article 179 ] law applies to rape or sexual assault that has been attempted but not accomplished .
Attempted rape applies only to females , attempted sexual assault can consider as victims either males or females .
Pornographic Materials
The exact amount of pornography available now or at any time in the past , is , difficult to determine .
Unlike sex crime statistics , such data are not accurately amassed by any government or private agency in Japan .
Many , if not most , of the manufacturers or distributors of pornography are legitimate companies whose production figures are kept confidential as commercially proprietorial .
Additional illegal manufacturers of pornography have products which are available but whose production figures are not .
In Japan , however , it is safe to say that whatever definitions of SEM and pornography are used , there are more such materials publicly available now than there were in the 1970s and 1980s .
Indications are that the amount and types of such items have been increasing over time as measured in numbers of units produced or in yen value .
Where available , actual figures for the amounts and types of pornography or sexually explicit materials are given below .
In other cases qualitative measures or descriptions are offered .
Sex Crime Data
Data on the actual number of reported sex crimes in Japan are from the files of Roposensho , the Japanese National Police Agency ( J.N.P.A. ) .
This agency is somewhat comparable to the Federal Bureau of Investigation in the United States .
The J.N.P.A. has been maintaining crime statistics for Japan since 1948 .
Basically yearly reports from all 47 Japanese prefectures including Okinawa are collated .
These official crime records are based on reports from independent police investigations .
During the period under review there has been no known change in the method of collecting and recording of data .
RESULTS
Pornography Availability
There are many indications that document an increase in the number and availability of sexually explicit materials in Japan over the years 1972 - 1995 .
Under the auspices of " Juvenile Protective Ordinances " formulated within and for each prefecture ( except Nagano prefecture ) , data have been collected of items that might be " considered harmful for juveniles . "
Once items are so designated they are forbidden to be sold or distributed to minors under 18 years of age .
Collected by local authorities , these are statistics on items such as sexually explicit films , books , magazines and video tapes .
It can also include explicitly violent materials .
These data are forwarded yearly to the Youth Authority in Somicho ( Government Management and Coordination Agency ) .
Items so listed increased from some 20,000 items in 1970 to slightly more than 37,000 in 1980 , to almost 41,000 in 1990 and to roughly 76,000 in 1996 , the last year for which such data are available .
Since 1989 the greatest increase in such materials were accounted for by sexually explicit video tapes .
Despite any such categorization , these materials remained readily available to persons of any age .
In 1991 twenty - one prefecture governments designated 46 specific sexually - oriented publications as being " harmful to juveniles " and complained of them to the publishers ( Burrill , 1991 ) .
The companies involved accepted the criticism and its industry 's " Publishing Ethics Council " voted for self regulation and advised its member firms to affix an " Adult Comics " mark on sex oriented manga ( Anonymous , 1991a ) .
The Council further advised their distributors to maintain these comics in the " adult corner " of their stores .
This advice was not always followed .
Sales of such sex - filled comics totaled more than ¥ 180 billion in 1990 , a figure up 13 percent from the year before ( Burrill , 1991 ) .
Production of the classic Japanese love film Ai no corrida ( " In the Realm of the Senses " ) was banned from Japan due to its nudity and erotic content .
This film by Nagisa Oshima was produced in France in 1976 and quickly became a sensation at film festivals in New York and Cannes .
When first shown in Japan , however , in October of 1976 the film was seized by authorities .
Based on a true story well known in Japan , its content -- involving the vivid depiction of asphixiophilia -- was nevertheless considered too obscene for public viewing in Japan .
The producer and script writer were taken to court and charged with obscenity but found not guilty ( Okudaira , 1979 ; Oshima , 1979 ; Uchida , 1979 ) .
A cut expurgated version was subsequently released .
Frontal nudity was permitted to appear on film for the first time at the 1986 Tokyo film festival ( Downs , 1990 ) .
The American college sex text book Sexual Decisions ( Diamond & Karlen , 1980 ) was republished in a Japanese edition in 1985 ( Diamond & Karlen , 1985 ) .
Depictions of sexual positions and other images were allowed only after the book was edited to reduce the number of illustrations with pubic hair or exposed genitalia .
It was the first college level sex text in that country .
The first art photo book with full frontal nudity of women was also published in 1985 ( Downs , 1990 ) .
As with the text , SexWatching , a trade book for general readership illustrated with some 300 images , published in England in 1984 ( Diamond , 1984 ) , was published in Japanese in 1986 ( Diamond , 1986 ) .
Again , several of the original illustrations , considered middle - of - the - road in the United States and the United Kingdom , had to be replaced with images considered less sexually explicit .
Change from this conservative posture of the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s began to most markedly shift toward permissive in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Magazines such as Playboy and Penthouse , due to their display of public hair , were banned totally in Japan until 1975 .
They were then allowed to be imported into Japan if the offending images were " sandpapered " or otherwise rendered opaque .
This original ban against the display of pubic hair was applied so routinely that objective commentators noted that obscenity standards occasionally blocked distribution of serious art works but were ineffective in slowing the increasing availability of sexually explicit materials ( Anonymous , 1992 ) .
In June 1991 the Japan Times described the influx of pornographic comics into the market as showing a rampant growth that " depict sexual perversions and violence , including the utter debasement of women , in graphically appalling detail even if pubic hair is not shown . " ( quoted in Woodruff , 1991 ) .
Almost simultaneously , the Asahi Shinbun newspaper reported that police would no longer prosecute " pubic hair " pictures for obscenity since the social trend has moved to accept photos of this type and concluded " the decision not to prosecute indicates that pubic hair is no longer a uniform standard for obscenity " ( Woodruff , 1991 ) .
In the early 1980s , European and American pornographic video tapes were the most prevalent form of contraband seized by Japanese custom agents from travelers returning from aboard ( Abramson & Hayashi , 1984 ) .
These materials were routinely confiscated .
Now such tapes are locally produced and readily available in Japanese shops .
They often contain actors or actresses that are still legal minors .
In 1989 a survey of manga in book shops and magazine stalls by a voluntary citizen 's group , the " Tokyo Bureau of Citizens and Cultural Affairs , " found that more than half of the stories depicted sex acts .
They reported : " in many cases , female characters were treated simply as sex objects for the satisfaction of men . "
( Anonymous , 1991a ) .
Again in 1989 , a report by the Japanese " Publishing Science Research Institute " presented statistics for the legal production of Japanese publications .
Playboy and Penthouse were among the best selling adult men's magazines .
Semi-annual sales figures for Playboy averaged some 900,000 for each issue in 1977 .
The monthly value of magazines with sexual content increased from ¥ 3,264 million in 1984 to ¥ 3,665 million in 1988 ( Shupan Nenkan , 1988 , 1997 ) .
In February 1991 the Liberal Democratic Party asked its members to introduce legislation to regulate sexually explicit manga ( Anonymous , 1991a ) .
The motion failed but again served notice that the increase in pornography was of widening social concern .
In that year a survey ( " Survey on Comics among Youth " ) by the " Japanese Association for Sex Education " ( JASE , 1991 ) found that among Middle School students 21.6 percent of males and 7.6 percent of females regularly read so called " porno - comics . "
In 1993 a survey by the Youth Authority of Somucho ( Government Management and Coordination Agency ) found that approximately 50 percent of the male and 20 percent of the female Middle and Upper High School students were found to regularly read " porno - comics . "
Another index of sex related materials available in Japan might be reflected in the number of sex related industries ( fuuzoku kanren eigyou ) registered with and monitored by the police .
These industries include strip theaters , so - called love hotels ( rooms available by the hour ) , " adult " sex shops ( for the purchase of pornography or paraphernalia associated with sexual activities ) , and " soap lands " ( " massage " or " shampoo " parlors known to offer sexual services ) .
The authorities use such statistics in monitoring potential influences on juveniles .
According to J.N.P.A. statistics these numbered approximately 7,500 establishments in 1972 and more than 12,600 in 1995 .
The largest segment increase was seen in the number of so - called " fashion massage parlors " in operation which offered sexual services .
A newer type of " body shampoo parlor " is also now available ( Roposensho , 1995 ) .
Telephone sex lines have become increasingly common .
In the first 18 month period since they started operation , a commercial business information service , " Dial Q2 " , which at first provided sports results , advertisements and medical guidance , in 1991 switched more than one - fourth of its lines to telephone sex services ( Anonymous , 1991 b ) .
This remains a popular form of sexual commerce even though individual households must initiate a special request to even participate .
" Telephone clubs " have also proliferated .
In such clubs men wait for calls from girls .
The phone numbers to call are widely advertised as free for the female caller ; " excitement " and " romance " are promised .
This is often an outlet for prostitution contacts .
It is also of general social concern since informal surveys by the police have found that some one - fourth of high school girls have made contact via a telephone club .
While in 1992 authorities occasionally continued to cite magazines and newspapers for public indecency if they showed nude pictures , or if genitals or any pubic hair were visible , police confiscation became uncommon and prosecutions inconsistent .
Peculiarly these legal challenges might have occurred even when these images were clearly artistic works ( Anonymous , 1992 ) .
By 1993 that type of prosecution became rare .
In 1993 the Shukan Post became Japan 's top - selling magazine .
This appeared due to photos containing glimpses of pubic hair and feature photos of nude girls and articles on sex .
Circulation jumped from about 850,000 in the first six months of 1993 to about 867,000 for the first six months of 1996 .
This popularity spawned two additional magazines which were even more sexually explicit : Shukan Bunshum and Shukan Shincho .
In 1995 these magazines had average weekly sales of more than 600,000 copies ( Shuppan Nenkan , 1997 ) .
The public attitude toward pornography might be considered reflected by the number of police cases where the arresting charge was " distribution of obscene materials . "
Despite the rise in available SEM , arrests and convictions for the distribution of obscene materials significantly declined from 3,298 in 1972 to 702 in 1995 ( Roposensho , 1995 ) .
Currently , not only are visuals with pubic hair and exposed genitalia present , but available are visual depictions of hard - core sexual encounters which include bestiality , sadomasochism , necrophilia and incest ; the characters involved may be adults , children or both and they can be in manga as well as in adult reading materials .
There is a " Child Welfare Law " in Japan which prohibits child prostitution .
However , there are no specific child pornography laws in Japan and SEM depicting minors are readily available and widely consumed .
Most charges of obscenity presently are related to depictions of group or violent rape or realistic and graphic film or video depictions of sexual behaviors considered deviant and dangerous ( as in Ai no corrida ) .
According to one report , the Japanese Diet had considered unveiling a collection of X - rated books and magazines it has hidden from the public for the past 30 years .
A spokesperson for the National Diet Library said that the collection illustrates how Japanese authorities ' interpretation of obscenity has changed over the decades .
The library has gathered about 2,800 copies of books and magazines labeled as obscene by the Tokyo municipal government and banned for sale to minors aged under 18 .
The collection , composed of materials compulsorily donated by the publishers , includes photographs of nude girls , pornographic novels and comics , and editions of mass - circulation magazines that contain nude photos ( Anonymous , 1996 ) .
An additional measure of erotica available in Japan is that reported by Greenfeld ( 1994 ) .
In 1994 he wrote that approximately 14,000 " adult " videos were being made yearly in Japan compared with some 2500 in the U.S .
And the average Japanese watched nearly an hour more of TV a day than did Americans .
Sex Crimes
Data regarding sex crimes , consistently and regularly recorded in police records , are clearly more available and definitive than those for quantitative or qualitative measures of pornography .
It is readily obvious from the data ( Table 1 ) that the incidence of rape has been steadily and dramatically decreasing over the period under review .
The incidence of rape has progressively declined from 4677 reported cases with 5464 offenders in 1972 to the 1995 incidence of 1500 cases with 1,160 offenders ; a dramatic reduction in incidence of some two - thirds .
The character of the rape also changed markedly .
Early in our period of observation many of the rapes were gang ( more than a single attacker ) rapes thus accounting for the number of offenders exceeding the number of rapes reported .
This has now become increasingly rare .
The number of rapes committed by juveniles has also markedly decreased .
Juveniles committed 33 % of the rapes in 1972 but only 18 % of the rapes committed in 1995 .
Over the same period the incidence of sex assault had also decreased from a 1972 incidence of 3,139 cases to fewer than 3,000 cases for the years 1975 to 1990 .
In 1995 , however , the incidence of reported sexual assaults rebounded to 3,644 cases .
Since these figures represent actual cases rather than rates , it can be seen that even the proportion of sex assault cases did not increase .
During these intervening years the population of Japan had increased more than 20 percent , from approximately 107 million in 1970 to more than 125 million persons in 1995 ( Nihon no Tokei , 1996 ) .
Thus , the actual rate decreased slightly from .0292 to .0290 per thousand persons .
It is also noteworthy that during this period , according to J.N.P.A. records , the rate of convictions for rape increased markedly from 85 % in 1972 to more than 90 % in the 1980s and more than 95 % in the 1990s .
This might be because , increasingly , in these latter years the rapist was less likely to be known to the victim ; proving lack of consent became easier .
The data regarding public indecency ( e.g. , flashing ) was more in keeping with those for rape than assault .
The incidence of reported public indecencies decreased about one third over the period .
Considering the concomitant increase in population this corresponds to a rate decrease of some 50 % .
Police statistics use the victim age categories : 0 - 5 , 6-12 , 13-19 . 20-24 , 25-29 , 30-39 , 40 -49 , etc .
The first three age categories reflect ages associated with " preschool , " " elementary and beginning middle school , " and " later middle school and high school " years .
It also reflects the Japanese consideration of 20 being the age at which one reaches legal majority .
The most dramatic decrease in sex crimes was seen when attention was focused on the number and age of rapists and victims among younger groups ( Table 2 ) .
We hypothesized that the increase in pornography , without age restriction and in comics , if it had any detrimental effect , would most negatively influence younger individuals .
Just the opposite occurred .
The number of juvenile offenders dramatically dropped every period reviewed from 1,803 perpetrators in 1972 to a low of 264 in 1995 ; a drop of some 85 % ( Table 1 ) .
The number of victims also decreased particularly among the females younger than 13 ( Table 2 ) .
In 1972 , 8.3 % of the victims were younger than 13 .
In 1995 the percentage of victims younger than 13 years of age dropped to 4.0 % .
In 1972 , 33.3 % of the offenders were between 14 - 19 years of age ; by 1995 that percentage had decreased to 9.6 % .
Thus , over the period in question , there was a major shift in the proportion of victims and offenders from the younger categories to older categories .
Lastly , in Japan , while the total number of rapes decreased , the percentage of rapes by a stranger increased steadily from 61.6 % of the rapes reported in 1979 to 79.5 % of the rapes in 1995 .
Thus , date rape and familial rape decreased significantly .
Also gang rapes decreased markedly .
In 1972 , 12.3 % of the rapes by juveniles were conducted by two or more offenders .
Over the years , the percentage decreased so that in 1995 only 5.7 % of the rapes were of this category .
As a statistical control measure of sorts we analyzed the cases of murder and non sexual violent physical assaults reported during the years 1972 to 1995 ( Table 1 ) .
Here also dramatic decreases occurred over the period reviewed .
Murders dropped by some 40 percent and non sexual physical assaults decreased by about 60 percent .
In these last two categories of crime , however , there was no comparable shift in the age groups involved in these activities either as victim or offender .
DISCUSSION
Within Japan itself , the dramatic increase in available pornography and sexually explicit materials is apparent to even a casual observer .
This is concomitant with a general liberalization of restrictions on other sexual outlets as well .
Also readily apparent from the information presented is that , over this period of change , sex crimes in every category , from rape to public indecency , sexual offenses from both ends of the criminal spectrum , significantly decreased in incidence .
Most significantly , despite the wide increase in availability of pornography to children , not only was there a decrease in sex crimes with juveniles as victims but the number of juvenile offenders also decreased significantly .
These findings are similar to , but are even more striking than , those reported with the rise of sexually explicit materials in Denmark , Sweden and West Germany .
The findings from Europe were , in turn , more dramatic than those reported for the United States .
Kutchinsky ( 1991 ) studied the situation in Denmark , Sweden , West Germany and the U.S.A. following the legalization or liberalization of the appropriate pornography laws in those countries .
The first three countries mentioned , decriminalized the production and distribution of sexually explicit materials in 1969 , 1970 , and 1973 respectively .
In the U.S.A. there was no widespread decriminalization or legalization but , as in Japan , interpretations of the laws seemed to change and prosecution against SEM decreased markedly .
Concomitantly , the availability of pornography increased commensurably .
Kutchinsky studied the course of sex crimes for the 20 year period 1964 to 1984 .
Thus his period of study overlaps with the first half of ours .
Kutchinsky found ( 1991 ) that in Denmark and Sweden adult rapes increased only modestly and in West Germany not at all .
In all three countries , nonviolent sex crimes decreased .
The slight increase in Denmark and Sweden , was thought by some most probably due to increased reporting as a result of greater and increasing awareness among women and police of the rape problem ( Kutchinsky , 1985 b , pp. 323 ) .
In Japan too , over the two decades reviewed in the present study , there was also most probably an increasing likelihood of reporting which makes the decrease in sex crimes seen in Japan even more impressive .
Similar to our findings , in Denmark and West Germany the most dramatic categories of sex crime to show a decrease were rapes and other sex crimes against and by juveniles .
Between 1972 and 1980 the total number of sex crimes known to the police in the Federal Republic of Germany decreased by 11 percent ; during the same period the total number of all crimes reported increased by 50 percent .
Sex offenses against minors ( those under 14 years of age ) had a similarly slight decrease of about 10 percent during this period .
For those victims under six years of age , however , the numbers decreased from 1,421 cases in 1972 to 579 in 1980 , a decrease of more than 50 percent ( Kutchinsky , 1985 b ; pp. 319 ) .
Other researchers have found similarly .
In Denmark homosexual child molestation decreased more than 50 percent from 74 cases in 1966 to 20 cases in 1969 ( Ben-Veniste , 1971 ; pp. 254 ) .
These decreases in sex crimes involving children are particularly noteworthy since in Japan , as in Denmark , for the time under review , there were no laws against the personal non-commercial possession or use of depictions of children involved in sexual activities ; so - called " childporn " ( Kutchinsky , 1985a ; pp. 5 ) .
Considering the seriousness in how sex crimes against children are viewed in both cultures , this drop in cases reported represents a real reduction in the number of offenses committed rather than a reduced readiness to report such offenses .
Correlated with an increase in pornography we found a decrease in gang rapes in Japan .
Again , similar findings had been reported elsewhere .
In West Germany , from 1971 to 1987 group rape rates decreased 59 % from 577 to 239 cases .
In contrast with these findings in Germany where rape by strangers decreased 33 % from 2,453 to 1,655 cases ( Kutchinsky , 1991 pp. 57 ) , in Japan the number of rapes committed by individuals known to the victim , decreased and rape by strangers increased .
Since rapes by strangers or groups are more likely to be reported than date or marital rapes , again there is little doubt these findings in Japan represent real differences .
It is also noted that the Japanese police focused more heavily on the control of rape by strangers than on date rape or rape by a known assailant .
Some might ( e.g. , Court , 1977 ) attribute the overall decrease in the number of sex crimes recorded in Japan as reflecting a public attitude change concomitant with the increasing availability of pornography .
This is doubtful .
While it might be true for relatively minor offenses as those of public indecency , rape has always been taken seriously .
Indeed , one can argue that the inhibitions to reporting have decreased .
The case can be made that the increased prevalence of SEM makes it easier for children or women or likely victims to be less inhibited in talking with their parents , partners or authorities about sexual matters ; particularly about any sex offense .
Another factor to encourage reporting is that special police rape investigation units sensitive to women 's issues were established in September , 1983 and women no longer are treated as if they are the offenders .
This was often so in the 1970s .
Also significant is that Japan , in the 1990s , established a women - run rape crises center in Tokyo and women 's centers in major cities throughout the country .
In 1996 the police also started public awareness campaigns which encouraged the victims of sex crimes to report .
Sex educators too deserve credit .
Sex education , K - 12 , is standard in Japanese schools and has been so since the 1970s .
Sex educators have increasingly become schooled in rape theory , prevention , and reporting , and added such materials to their classroom presentations .
It is accepted that the application of the appropriate laws or the social forces at play might not have been consistent over time .
Any short term glitch in how the data were volunteered , solicited or recorded , however , should not effect the overall trends .
Regardless , it is safe to say that over this prolonged period , interpretations of the definitions of obscenity have been getting less rigid with more material passing as acceptable and entering public awareness while the prosecution of laws relating to rape and sexual assault have been getting tougher .
Currently less sexual " license " for sex crimes is accepted by the general Japanese population or by victims than was true 25 years ago .
And surely one can not attribute the decrease in murder and nonsexual violent assault to a reluctance to report concomitant with an increase in SEM .
It has been said that " pornography historically has been an integral part of Japanese culture " ( Abramson & Hayashi , 1984 ) .
It is more true to say that erotic and fertility themes have been a traditional part of Japanese culture .
Indeed religious shrines , ribald stories and both suggestive and explicit art have incorporated sexual icons and representations without shame and without the sin aspect associated with sex in the West .
Traditionally these views of sex were in keeping with cultural or Confucian themes seen as enhancing family solidarity through child bearing and as a form of sex education ( Abramson & Hayashi , 1984 ) and a way to enjoy the " good life . "
This attitude essentially remained with the people even with the modernization of Japan ushered in with the 1868 Meiji Restoration .
The government of the Meiji era , to enhance respect from the West , began to modify Japan 's attitudes toward sex by adopting some of the West 's comparatively restrictive and conservative mores .
For example , the then common practices of nudity and mixed bathing , were newly forbidden in public bath houses ( Dore , 1958 ) .
This ordinance was actually randomly enforced and basically only in the major cities .
But this was a small part of the Meiji government 's plan which came to be called wakon - yoosai ( Japanese spirit and Western technology ) ; a plan to develop and strengthen the nation by melding Western knowledge and technology with the Japanese spirit and culture ( Hijirida & Yoshikawa , 1987 ) .
During World War II many sexual restrictions were relaxed in Japan as they were in the West .
Following the war , the United States ' forces occupying Japan imposed Western ideas of morality and law .
The Japanese slowly came to adopt some of these ideas and practices .
The wakon - yoosai attitude reemerged ( Hijirida & Yoshikawa , 1987 ) .
Negative ideas of pornography , foreign to Japanese culture , were accepted and particularly applied to visual depictions since they were the ones most likely recognized and thereby criticized by Westerners .
Little attention was given to written SEM since foreigners would be unlikely to read Japanese and thus would not notice and criticize these ( Abramson & Hayashi , 1984 ) .
Other visible sex related matters were bent to Western ways .
Prostitution , previously legal and accepted , for instance , was declared illegal in 1958 and separate - gender toilets and public baths began to replace the ubiquitous uni-sex facilities .
Interestingly , while visual depictions of erotic themes were increasingly restricted , written pornography was slowly becoming more prevalent , more risqué and more fetishistic in tone .
This was seen by some as a liberating reaction to the restraints of both Confucian feudalism and Western morality ( Kuro , 1954 ) .
These were the laws and situation that basically existed in 1972 , the starting date of our study .
In the ensuing years , sexually explicit materials , first gradually and then in the late 1980s and into the 1990s rapidly increased in prevalence .
The years 1990 and 1991 seemed a watershed .
Major shifts developed in how much pornography was produced and how the obscenity laws were interpreted .
Fewer materials were being charged as obscene and even fewer convictions recorded .
Once more this was similar to findings elsewhere .
In Denmark the repeal of the ban on pornographic literature in 1967 was a consequence of provocative publishers producing and distributing to a waiting market and increasingly permissive court rulings ( Kutchinsky , 1973 b ) .
In Japan the production and relaxation of control seemed to occur simultaneously ; not one obviously causing the other .
The types of pornography available in Japan is also of interest relative to sex crime .
The SEM produced caters to every taste and fetish and is typically much more aggressive and violent than that seen in the United States .
And there are rarely enforced age restrictions in the purchase of or posing for these materials .
This was essentially similar to the situation in Denmark ( Kutchinsky , 1978 ) .
Kutchinsky further found that while the available SEM increasingly became fetish oriented and aggressive , such materials were not necessarily more often used .
It appeared to remain a minor portion of the pornography available .
In Denmark , Kutchinsky ( 1978 , pp. 114 ) estimated hard core sadomasochistic materials and the like comprised no more than approximately 2 % of all obtainable .
Winick ( 1985 ) found about the same among U.S. materials .
Giglio ( 1985 ) argued that Kutchinsky 's data may not be applicable considering a climate where violent pornography may be more prevalent .
While we did not analyze in detail the pornographic materials in Japan for sadomasochistic or violent content it appears from inspection that such content is certainly much higher in Japan than in the U.S.A. or elsewhere .
Kutchinsky ( 1973a ) , in his studies , found that the least serious sex crimes decreased the most and rape the least .
We on the other hand found the opposite .
In Japan , rapes decreased 79 percent while public indecency decreased 33 percent .
The reason for the difference is not clear .
We believe the compulsivity generally associated with the crimes considered under the public indecency law are less easily modified than is rape .
Also , the incidence of peeping and flashing might already have been at a low incidence close to a base line .
Public shame is an extremely strong social force in Japan and can be a major factor in controlling public indecency .
Our findings regarding sex crimes , murder and assault are in keeping with what is also known about general crime rates in Japan regarding burglary , theft and such .
Japan has the lowest number of reported rape cases and the highest percentage of arrests and convictions in reported cases of any developed nation .
Indeed Japan is known as one of the safest developed countries for women in the world ( Clifford , 1980 ) .
This not withstanding , Japanese social critics and feminists think things can be better still ( Radin , 1996 ) .
Many women 's advocates think the police authorities can be more responsive to women 's concerns and women themselves less reluctant to complain .
This comment can probably be applied everywhere .
Despite the absence of evidence , the myth persists that an abundance of sexual explicit material invariably leads to an abundance of sexual activity and eventually rape ( e.g. , Liebert , Neale , & Davison , 1973 ) .
Indeed , the data we report and review suggests the opposite .
Christensen ( 1990 ) argues that to prove that available pornography leads to sex crimes one must at least find a positive temporal correlation between the two .
The absence of any positive correlation in our findings , and from results elsewhere , between an increase in available pornography and the incidence of rape or other sex crime , is prima facie evidence that no link exists .
But objectivity requires that an additional question be asked : " Does pornography use and availability prevent or reduce sex crime ? "
Both questions lead to hypotheses that have , over prolonged periods , been tested in Denmark , Sweden , West Germany and now in Japan .
Indeed it appears from our data from Japan , as it was evident to Kutchinsky ( 1994 ) , from research in Europe and Scandinavia , that a large increase in available sexually explicit materials , over many years , has not been correlated with an increase in rape or other sexual crimes .
Instead , in Japan a marked decrease in sexual crimes has occurred .
While it might be accepted that pornography does arouse some people sexually , there is reason to believe it can lead to legal sexual expressions but no measure was taken of such activities .
Couples might have increased their love making frequency , artists might have created newly inspired works of art , multitudes might have used the pornography as vehicles for sex education and not a few have probably used the material for reading or viewing pleasure and masturbation .
All of these are positive , legal and constructive , or at least nondestructive , social outlets .
In Japan , as elsewhere , publishers and others maintain that erotic stories , even in comics , serve as a means of relaxation for adults who feel suffocated in Japan 's ' " controlled society " ( Burrill , 1991 ) .
No population studies have demonstrated a link between pornography and sex crimes .
There are , however , occasional research reports of a linkage .
One , for example , reported : " Retrospective recall provided the basis for estimating the use of sexually explicit materials by sex offenders ( voluntary outpatients ) and non offenders during pubescence , as well as currently . . .
Rapists and child molesters reported frequent use of these materials . . .
Current use was significantly related to the chronicity of their sexual offending . . . ( Marshall , 1988 ) . "
The actual evidence in this report , however , seems at closer scrutiny , to indicate that pornography used by adult sex offenders is viewed immediately prior to their offense .
Unstated , but contained within the Marshall study , is evidence that exposure to pornography was usually absent from the offenders ' experiences during formative years .
This seems to be a crucial consideration .
Most frequently , as it was found in the 1960s before the influx of sexually explicit materials in the United States , those who committed sex crimes typically had less exposure to SEM in their background than others and the offenders generally were individuals usually deeply religious and socially and politically conservative ( Gebhard , Gagnon , Pomeroy , & Christenson , 1965 ) .
Since then , most researchers have found similarly .
The upbringing of sex offenders was usually sexually repressive , often they had an overtly religious background and held rigid conservative attitudes toward sexuality ( Conyers & Harvey , 1996 ; Dougher , 1988 ) ; their upbringing had usually been ritualistically moralistic and conservative rather than permissive .
During adolescence and adulthood , sex offenders were generally found not to have used erotic or pornographic materials any more than any other groups of individuals or even less so ( Goldstein & Kant , 1973 , Propper , 1972 ) .
Walker ( 1970 ) reported that sex criminals were several years older than noncriminals before they first saw pictures of intercourse .
Many who deal with rapists feel rape is a sexual act for a non sexual problem , e.g. , a defeat or frustration at work might motivate rape ( Groth , 1979 ) .
Others see rape as an expression of power ( Groth , Burgess and Holstrom , 1977 ) .
Goldstein and Kant concluded that " few if any " of the sex offenders they interviewed had been appreciably influenced by pornography .
" Far more potent sexual stimuli " are real persons in the environment for the sex criminal ( Goldstein & Kant , 1973 ; Lynn , 1986 ) .
Danish experts , including feminist criminologists who have studied rape in Denmark , also agree that there is no relationship between pornography and rape ( Kutchinsky , 1985a , pp. 12 ) .
Nicholas Groth , a specialist in the treatment of sex offenders , has written " Rape is sometimes attributed to the increasing availability of pornography and sexual explicitness in the public media .
Although a rapist , like anyone else , might find some pornography stimulating , it is not sexual arousal but the arousal of anger or fear that leads to rape .
Pornography does not cause rape ; banning it will not stop rape .
In fact , some studies have shown that rapists are generally exposed to less pornography than normal males ( Groth , 1979 , pp. 9 ) . "
Wilson ( 1978 , pp. 175 ) found that " Males who develop deviant patterns of sexual behavior in adulthood have suffered relative deprivation of experience with pornography in adolescence . "
He suggests that pornography not only can , but does , help to prevent criminal sex problems ( pp. 176 ) .
Wilson claims exposure to sexually explicit materials can have therapeutic advantages and , among couples , help by promoting greater communication and openness to discuss sexual matters , and provide sex education .
It can also help by providing an anxiety and inhibition - relieving function .
Thirty - nine percent of the convicts surveyed by Walker ( 1970 ) agreed that pornography " provides a safety valve for antisocial impulses . "
Several other explanations have been offered to account for the decreasing and low incidence of sex crimes in Japan .
Abramson and Hayashi ( 1984 ) attribute the low incidence of rape in Japan to internal restraint which is part of the Japanese national character instilled by the tight society .
While that might be so , it is difficult to imagine that restraint stronger in the 1990s than it might have been in the more conservative environment of the 1970s .
Kutchinsky ( 1973b ) credits the reduction in sex crimes associated with the high availability of SEM in Europe and Scandinavia to " most of the population became familiar with pornographic literature : but very quickly the point of saturation was reached , mainly because the interest was based on curiosity rather than a genuine need . "
We believe this to be a partial answer .
Other factors too are probably involved .
For instance , over the period under review , 1972 to 1995 , concomitant with the decrease in male sex crimes there has been an increase in female consensual sexual availability .
In addition to females available as sexual partners via prostitution and other commercial sex outlets , the " girls next door " are now more ready to accept nonmarital sexual activities than was common two and three decades ago ( Uchiyama , 1996 ) .
Many laboratory experiments are alleged to prove a negative societal influence from exposure to pornography .
Results from different experiments supposedly demonstrated that exposure to pornography , particularly that which includes violence , leads to the degradation of women , the trivilization of rape and increased likelihood of aggression or acceptance of violence against women ( for overview of this area see Malamuth & Donnerstein , 1984 , and Zillmann & Bryant , 1989 ) .
The laboratory - school experiments are hardly comparable to situations in the real world and may not be relevant to it .
The typical laboratory experiment exposed college students to different types of pornography for various durations and attempted to measure their subsequent attitudes and behaviors .
Further , and considered crucial , the situation was often manipulated so that the students were duped into situations that confounded the experimental design ( e.g. , Donnerstein , 1984 , Donnerstein & Barrett , 1978 ; Zillmann , 1984 ; Zillmann & Bryant , 1982 ; 1984;1989 , Zillmann & Weaver , 1989 ) .
These studies have been seriously critiqued ( e.g. , Brannigan , 1987 ; Brannigan & Goldenberg , 1986 , 1991 ; Christensen , 1990 ; Becker & Stein , 1991 ) for being methodologically flawed and inappropriate for practical consideration .
Often the findings themselves do n't seem consistent .
For instance Zillmann and Bryant ( 1984 ; 1988a , 1988b ) reported that their results indicated on the one hand that large amounts of exposure to pornography reduced the willingness of student subjects to aggress against another after erotic stimulation [ inferred positive effect ] but led to " a general trivialization of rape , " decreased satisfaction with the present partner and supposed lessening of " family values " [ inferred negative effect ] .
And even experimenters in this area of classroom research have significantly criticized how the data have been extrapolated for the courtroom ( e.g. , Linz , Penrod & Donnerstein , 1987 ) .
Lab experiments typically do not take into account context and other crucial social and situational factors in considering the audience or the material .
The results we find for Japan , and Kutchinsky reports for the U.S.A. , West Germany , Denmark , and Sweden , are from huge diverse populations that have had years of exposure to sexually explicit materials .
These materials could be chosen or not , used or not and modified or not to taste .
No person was obligated to expose him or herself to experiences found distasteful while , on the other hand , anyone could exploit any available material or opportunity available .
Individuals in real life could use the material alone in private or with partners .
In real life , individuals can elect to experience some pornography for minutes or hours , at a single session , or over years .
In real life , individuals are free to satisfy different sexual urges in ways unavailable to students in classroom situations .
Kutchinsky ( 1983 , 1987 , 1992 , 1994 ) , has discussed the relative merits of lab studies compared to events outside the laboratory .
Basically Kutchinsky believes that pornography , in the real world , offers a substitution for the sexual and nonsexual frustrations that might , in other circumstances , lead to sexual offenses ( Kutchinsky , 1973a , p175 ff . ) .
" If availability of pornography can reduce sex crimes , it is because the use of certain forms of pornography to certain potential offenders is functionally equivalent to the commission of certain types of sex offenses : both satisfy the need .
. .
If these potential offenders have the option , they prefer to use pornography because it is more convenient , unharmful and undangerous . " ( pp. 21 ) .
This too we believe is only a partial answer .
What other societal factors , aside from an increase in pornography , might have led to the decrease in crimes in Japan ?
And if pornography does n't lead to rape and sex crimes , what does ?
Obviously these are complicated multifaceted questions .
In response , we agree with many ( e.g. , Brannigan .
1997 ; Fisher & Barak , 1991 , Gottfredson & Hirschi , 1990 ) that crimes in general are not simply a matter of " monkey see - monkey do . "
As with most other crimes , sex crimes are usually opportunistic , given little forethought and typically committed by individuals with poor self or social control .
And such individuals are often identifiable before they would be exposed to any substantial SEM .
More than half of adult sex offenders were often known to be adolescent sex offenders ( Abel , 1985 ; Knopp , 1984 ) .
As Gottfredson and Hirschi ( 1990 ) state : " . . . the origins of criminality of low self control are to be found in the first six or eight years of life , during which time the child remains under the control and supervision of the family or a familial institution . . . policies directed towards enhancement of the ability of familial institutions to socialize children are the only realistic long - term state policies with potential for substantial crime reduction ( pp. 272-273 ) .
The increasing competitive nature of the Japanese educational and employment situation over the last two decades has pressured more time being devoted to school achievement starting in preschool and continuing through college ; hours of home - work and extra tutoring after school ( juckyu ) are common ( Efrom , 1997 ) .
And Japanese mothers usually remain at home to supervise their children through the middle school if not the high school years .
We believe this in itself reduces the opportunity for anti-social or criminal activity and helps socialize the child to avoid criminal behaviors as an adult .
Ellis ( 1989 ) attributes sex crimes to innate motives toward sexual expression and a drive to possess and control .
The increased early age times under family jurisdiction can help modify these drives .
So too , we think , can the standard Japanese K - 12 sex education programs take some credit .
Thus , socially positive proactive forces , in themselves , may account for much of the reduction in the crime seen .
Other forces responsible for the modification of sex crimes rates in Japan or elsewhere have yet to be determined .
A companion question also arises :
Might there be negative effects of the increase in pornography availability other than measured by our inspection of documented sex crimes ?
Feminists , religious conservatives and other moralists consider pornography a problem even if it can not be proven that it leads to an increase in sex crimes ( see e.g. , Court , 1984 ; Osanka & Lee , 1984 ) .
Some see it as violence against women per se , e.g. , " The question is not : does pornography cause violence against women ?
Pornography is violence against women , violence which pervades and distorts every aspect of our culture ( Dworkin , 1981 , book cover ) . "
And Steinham ( 1983 ) has written : " pornography is about power and sex - as - weapon - in the same way we have come to understand that rape is about violence , and not really about sexuality at all ( pp. 38 ) . " MacKinnen ( 1993 ) considers even written pornography degrading and harmful to women by its mere existence .
There are certainly anecdotal reports of negative consequences , aside from sex crimes , attributed to pornography .
These range from domestic violence ( e.g. , Sommers & Check , 1987 ) , to child abuse ( e.g. , Burgess & Hartman , 1987 ) .
There is , however , no evidence that pornography is in anyway causal in such terrible and regrettable crimes ( Howitt & Cumberbatch , 1985 ) .
These anti-social and criminal acts , we believe , are more likely due to the poorly parented and inadequately schooled individuals with poor self or social control mentioned above .
Another potential ill effect of pornography is reviewed by Howitt and Cumberbatch ( 1985 ) ; the possible negative effects of pornography on men .
They review reports of men reduced to impotence by " performance anxiety " and not being able to match the ever - potent , hugely endowed , skilled studs in pornography ( e.g. , Moye , 1985 ; Fracher & Kimmel , 1987 ; Tieter , 1987 ) .
Howitt and Cumberbatch conclude that the factors actually responsible for impotence and performance anxiety probably have nothing to do with pornography and have also yet to be determined .
In sum , the concern that countries allowing pornography would show increased sex crime rates due to modeling or that adolescents in particular would be negatively vulnerable to and receptive to such models or the society would be otherwise adversely effected has not been vindicated .
It is certainly clear from our data and analysis that a massive increase in available pornography in Japan has been correlated with a dramatic decrease in sexual crimes and most so among youngsters as perpetrators or victims .
We have mentioned some possible influential factors .
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Having returned from an archeological dig into the dark history of Mac OS X , I ’ve unearthed a feature that could change the way you interact with your applications , enabling you to focus on one or two more easily than in the past .
Back in 1999 , when Steve Jobs first showed off the new Finder in Mac OS X , it ran in a single - application mode , where switching from one application to another caused the first application to minimize ( this was the original demo of the Genie effect ) .
This was intended to be the default behavior , but it was so widely reviled that Apple quickly changed the default to the familiar multi-application mode that shows multiple applications on the screen at the same time .
Mac OS
X’s multi-application mode differed from how previous versions of the Mac OS worked in that it interleaved all open windows without regard to which application they belonged to , a feature that annoyed a lot of long - time Mac users .
In Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard , Apple has made significant improvements to the Dock , including improved Expose integration and minimizing windows invisibly , among much else .
As a result , people who are starting to use the Dock seriously for the first time are discovering that clicking an icon in the Dock brings all its windows to the foreground .
This interface behavior is n’t new in Snow Leopard , of course , but it ’s an example of how Apple has never really given up the desire to make users focus on a single application at a time .
Single - application mode is how the iPhone works , of course , and on the Mac , almost all Apple applications – think about Mail , iTunes , and iPhoto – rely on a single window that can easily take over the entire screen .
When an application needs a second window , such as for keywords or editing in iPhoto , it is generally a palette that disappears when the application is not in the foreground .
But it goes further .
Lurking in the scary bowels of Mac OS X for all these years has been this little command , which brings back single - application mode .
( Go ahead and try it – it ’s easily reversed . )
defaults write com.apple.dock single - app - bool true
For single - application mode to take effect , you have to relaunch the Dock with this second command .
killall Dock
That ’s right , the original single - application mode in pre-release versions of Mac OS X is still with us .
Although it was always intended as a simple option for people who are not computer experts , it turns out to be an interesting option for the power user .
The most important fact to realize is that single - application mode is tied exclusively to the Dock .
This means that if you click an application ’s icon in the Dock , it immediately hides all the other applications , including the Finder .
However , if you switch applications through any other method , including clicking another visible application ’s window and the Command - Tab application switcher , Mac OS X ’s normal multi-application approach remains in effect , and nothing will be hidden .
You can thus combine methods of switching between applications .
Click Mail in the Dock , then use Command - Tab to switch to Safari , and you ’ll end up with both Mail and Safari on screen , and nothing else .
If you later want to hide Safari again , click Mail ’s Dock icon ( or just Option - click on Mail ’s window ) .
If you think about this for a minute , you ’ll start to see the possibilities .
Enabling single - application mode means that you can quickly and easily build a custom list of visible applications , and that list is dynamic .
In other words , you can achieve a lot of what you might use Spaces for , without having to switch between spaces or manage which applications show in which spaces .
The main advantage to this single - application mode is that clicking an application in the Dock has always , as I mentioned earlier , brought all that application ’s windows to the foreground .
So , when I click Terminal ’s icon in the Dock , not only do all other applications immediately disappear from view , I see the window for my local shells , the window for the remote shells on my mail server , and the window for the remote shells on my primary DNS server .
These windows are exactly where I want them on the screen and there are no other windows cluttering up the view .
However , if I need to reference a Web page at the same time , I simply use Command - Tab to bring up Safari , giving me its window and Terminal ’s windows all on one screen .
With Spaces , I kept all my Web browser windows in one space , but that meant a lot of swapping back and forth , or moving a browser window to another space temporarily .
With single - application mode I always have the applications I want in the foreground visible and everything else is hidden from view .
The primary downside is that single - application mode does n’t play nicely with Expose .
When you activate Expose , it shows only windows for visible applications .
I was hoping that it would treat the hidden applications ’ windows as minimized windows , but that was not the case .
For me there is also an issue with full - screen video .
If I am watching something with VLC or QuickTime Player on my second monitor and I click an icon in the Dock , the video is hidden from view .
That ’s not surprising , but it ’s not what I want since I think that a full - screen video should stay full - screen no matter what .
It ’s something to be aware of if you tend to watch video while doing other work , as I do .
There may be other issues I have n’t encountered in the few days I ’ve been using single - application mode , but getting back to the normal multi-application mode is easy .
Just paste this first command into Terminal and then restart the Dock with the second command .
defaults delete com.apple.dock single - app
killall Dock
In the end , the main thing that I ’ve noticed in the last few days is that it is much easier for me to concentrate on a single task when I can quickly hide all unrelated applications and show just the one or two that I need right now .
I ’m finding that this method works better for me than Spaces , and I am a big fan of Spaces .
[ Lewis Butler is a longtime Unix system admin , postmaster and Mac geek .
He is a frequent contributor to a large number of mailing lists under his “ LuKreme ” alias . ]
After the second episode , The Good Wife is probably my favorite new show so far .
While it 's set with the obviously looming conviction of Alicia 's philandering husband Peter , the show has a great balance between Alicia 's home life and her job at a law firm .
This show certainly groundbreaking considering the multitude of legal shows out there , and even the wife of a disgraced politician idea is n't too innovative , but what the show does have is a solid cast and good writing , which undoubtedly will give us a good episode every week .
A stripper gets raped , but the state attorney wo n't touch the case , so Alicia takes the case .
It turns out that the stripper was a call - girl and gets thrown into a world she is appalled by .
She is also curious about the industry and after she learns her husband pushes the case her way , she gets very suspicious .
He calls the stripper Christy and immediately she jumps all over him and asks if she was one of the call - girls the slept with .
He of course denies it and later when Alicia questions Christy , she also denies it .
The case is clearly going to end in Alicia 's favor and after a semi- surprising acquittal , the State Attorney arrests the offender so it 's all good .
There are some touchy moments in the case as her friend from college Will ( Josh Charles ) gets mad at her for overlooking some things .
Every time there 's a scene between them , I feel as though there may be something between them either in the past , present , or future .
I do n't want to fall into the paradigm that men can't be just friends with women , but the way they interact ( or at least Will ) is kind of weird .
Kalinda ( Archie Panjabi ) continues to be a really good character and I love the way she works with Alicia .
Alicia 's children are doing research of their own and after a set of photos showing her husband doing lewd things show up at the doorstep , her son discovers they were actually photoshopped .
He does n't tell Alicia anything , but it sets a direction of a long - term arc .
With Peter nudging her and all the evidence building up , Alicia will probably uncover some big conspiracy .
Great , but at the end of the day , we husband was still unfaithful to her and no matter what he does or what other people did to him , he still cheated on her .
Score : 9.3/10
The shaking could be felt in high buildings in the capital , Jakarta , several hundred miles , and in neighbouring Singapore and Malaysia .
A tsunami alert was sent out to countries along the Indian Ocean , prompting many to flee to higher ground .
“ The photo was taken on the steps of the St. Coleman ’s parish church in Pompano Beach , Florida after Sunday mass sometime in 1989 .
The little boy leaning on my bits and pieces is my pesky brother , Aldrich , who was about 4 years old at the time .
In his youth , he had a series of mishaps and accidents due to his rambunctious nature :
He fell into our pool without knowing how to swim and managed to get himself to safety ;
He fell down two flights of steps inside a cruise ship ;
He wrapped the cord for our living room curtains around his neck and proceeded to jump off the sofa , fortunately taking down the whole curtain track assembly with him ;
He took the cigarette lighter from inside our car and branded himself on his right cheek , the mark still showing up to today ;
And , he fell off the second floor of his school in 3rd grade and landed on some chicken wire , which broke his fall but bloodied himself from all the cuts and scrapes he managed to get .
Anyways , on this perfect Sunday morning , we had just gotten out of church and decided to snap a shot for posterity ’s sake …
… just as the person taking the picture counted to three , I felt his tiny hand grasp me in the groin like a vise and I just barely managed to smile and keep a brave front for the moment … and it turned to a grimace in pain right after the shutter clicked .. and I will never forget the wave of pain that engulfed me soon after .
Today , whenever I look at that photo , I not only remember all the hardships my mother and I went through in raising that guy …
I remember how he turned what was supposed to be the perfect family photo into THE most awkward in our family history . ”
( submitted by Joseph )
MEXICO CITY — Dressed in the hand - woven red cloths of her native village and chatting away in her ancient Nahuatl tongue , Pilar Blanco and her family sit down to dinner in what looks like an age - old meal time ceremony .
But when Hernandez serves up the food , there is one major difference from tradition : instead of tortillas and beans , the family eats instant noodle soups , potato chips and fizzy soda .
“ I ’m out working all day cleaning people ’s houses and I have no time to cook .
So the instant soups are a big help , ” Hernandez explains , sitting with her husband and three children in a cinder block home on the outskirts of this sprawling capital .
Such radical changes in diet have swept through Mexico in the last decade leading to an explosion of obesity .
As families guzzle evermore processed food , hamburgers and french fries , they have piled on the pounds to make Mexico one of fattest nations on the planet .
Studies by the Health Department show that a startling 68 percent of Mexican adults are overweight and 29 percent are obese — just behind the United States , where 74 percent are overweight and 39 percent obese .
Only the tiny Pacific island nations of Samoa and Tonga have heavier populations .
There is particular concern about the rising weight of Mexican children .
The Mexico City government announced this month that an alarming 35 percent of school pupils are over the recommended bodyweight .
To try to fight back , the government has kick - started an anti-obesity campaign of sporting events and healthy - eating propaganda aimed at the young .
“ We need you children to understand the importance of taking care of your health and the problem of obesity that is worrying to our country , ” Mexico City Health Minister Armando Ahued told 1,000 children panting away in a running race .
“ You are the future of the capital , and we need you to avoid getting diseases such as diabetes and hypertension . ”
The campaign is also encouraging young people to lose pounds by joining 11,000 dancers in the largest - ever routine of Michael Jackson ’s song " Thriller , " scheduled for Aug. 29 in Mexico City ’s central plaza .
The changing dietary habits have come as Mexico has switched from a largely protectionist to an extremely globalized economy .
Since it enacted the North American Free Trade Agreement in 1994 , imports of processed food and drinks have soared .
The nation now consumes more Coca Cola products per capita than anywhere else in the world : a total of 635 eight - ounce bottles per person each year .
The amount represents a threefold increase compared to 1988 .
In many villages in Mexico ’s mountains and jungles , it is easier to get a bottle of soda than drinkable water .
In addition to fattier diets , changing lifestyles have also made people put on the pounds .
More and more Mexicans are abandoning hard - working country jobs for ever expanding urban jungles such as the capital with its 20 million inhabitants or Tijuana , which grows by a block a day .
There are also more and more cars .
The country 's denizens collectively buy more than a million vehicles a year amid cheaper prices and better credit .
Furthermore , a wave of violent crime makes many parents keep their children at home under their careful eye rather than letting them play on the mean streets .
Policemen themselves have also suffered from the obesity epidemic , undermining their efforts to make these streets safe again .
This month , the Public Safety Department called on police to drink more water , eat more healthily and do more exercise to project a better image .
The department also sent in a force of 53 experts to train officers to lose weight and engage in sports such as boxing .
As in the United States , Mexico ’s growing waistlines have put immense pressure on the nation ’s health care system .
Obesity - related diseases cost countless billions in medical attention and lost work hours .
Health officials are particularly concerned about diabetes , with studies showing that Mexicans ’ genes make them particularly prone to the condition .
“ The vulnerability to diabetes comes from both the Indian and Spanish heritage so we are doomed in this sense , ” said Amanda Galvez , an investigator at Mexico ’s National Autonomous University .
“ If we keep eating the way we are eating and if we do n’t exercise we will all end up having diabetes . ”
Galvez warns that the worst pressures on the health care system could still be to come .
Many people who have suffered from the obesity epidemic are just reaching middle or old age when they are more prone to crippling diseases .
Mexico ’s most high - profile obesity case entered the Guinness book of records when he went on television to weigh in at 1,235 pounds in 2006 .
Since then , Manuel Uribe followed a special diet to drop to 800 pounds .
The 400 - pound loss is one of the biggest weight reductions in medical history .
“ If I can do it , then others can too , ” Uribe told reporters as he celebrated the achievement with a band of mariachis last year .
The Mexican government hopes more of it citizens will make such efforts .
An unfinished feature has been discovered lurking within Windows 7 , which would allow a regular laptop computer to be transformed into a wireless access point .
The " secret " WiFi feature is not a foreign or accidental creation , however .
Microsoft crafted " Virtual WiFi " in an effort to " virtualize " one wireless card as separate adapters for several different devices .
Original efforts to forge ahead with " Virtual WiFi " were halted in 2006 , when the project was discontinued .
However , the work has apparently made a grand re-entrance with Windows 7 , now known as Native 802.11 Virtual Wireless Fidelity ( Virtual WiFi ) object identifiers ( OIDs ) .
( Source : computerworld.com )
About a year ago , Microsoft was set to promote this new feature as part of a complete Win7 package .
In spite of this , the driver support was never finished .
Many identify the presence of a low - level code within the feature , but the driver - level components are not present .
Another stumbling block for the success of the prospective app is that there is no setting that allows it to be activated .
In a strange way , it is the first " half app " released as part of a new operating system .
Turning " Half App " into Something Meaningful
Nomadio , which specializes in military consulting and development , has piggybacked off of the new Win7 WiFi feature to create a program called " Connectify . "
Connectify is different from the Internet connection sharing that Windows supports via an " ad hoc " network connection .
True , Windows Internet connection sharing allows Windows computers to share a single connection , but Connectify allows users to join another wireless network and still run the Connectify Hotspot on the same WiFi card .
( Source : networkworld.com )
The idea is a lifesaver for those " pay - as - you - go " WiFi hotspots , prevalent in high - end coffee shops .
With Connectify , you can pay for the single connection and still have other devices , such as an iPhone , connected to the Internet all sharing one connection .
While the Connectify beta is free to download , Nomadio is expected to charge users once the complete version is released .
The tentative release date is currently set for about six weeks from now .
Seven years ago , the Toronto police union fervently denied racial bias existed within its ranks and was prepared to sue those who claimed otherwise .
Fast - forward to today and Chief Bill Blair acknowledges that racial profiling is a problem .
That 's why a panel of community leaders and legal experts is gathered at the new police college for a diversity conference Wednesday hosted by the Toronto Police Service to discuss issues of diversity and racism among police officers .
" Racism is a human failing .
Racial profiling can occur .
We 've acknowledged that right upfront and that has really enabled us to work with our community partners to do something about it , " said Blair , who will speak at the conference 's opening ceremonies .
In 2002 , when the Star ran a series of award - winning articles exposing racial bias on the force , then - chief Julian Fantino flatly denied it existed .
The police union launched a $ 2.7 billion class - action libel lawsuit against the Star .
It eventually was dismissed by the Supreme Court of Canada , which upheld a previous decision by the Ontario Superior Court .
But over the past five years , the Toronto police force has experienced a renaissance in the diversity department .
And it began at the top with Blair .
In 2005 , when the police board began its search for the next chief , it made it a priority to hire someone with a commitment to diversity issues , said chair Alok Mukherjee .
Efforts had been made in the past to address the subject , but progress was minimal .
In the early 1990s , the board passed its first race relations policy .
An outside consultant was brought in to develop and design diversity training for officers .
It was also around this time that chief William McCormack created an aboriginal peacekeeping unit .
" Some steps were taken at that time , said Mukherjee , but " my sense is that what did n't happen is a very coordinated and systematic effort to deal with the issues that we 're now trying to face . "
It 's a two - front undertaking .
On one side , the board has overhauled its human resources practices , particularly relating to recruitment and promotions .
Officers are now going door to door in various ethnic enclaves , promoting careers in policing and educating anyone who is interested in how to get started .
The force also holds women - only recruitment sessions .
The results , says André Goh , who heads the Diversity Management Unit , are in the numbers .
Before Blair 's time , white males made up between 85 and 90 per cent of the average recruitment class .
Today , women and visible minorities account for anywhere between 40 and 60 per cent of new officers .
But recruitment is only part of the puzzle , said Mukherjee .
Three years ago , the Toronto Police Service invited the Ontario Human Rights Commission to review all of the organization 's policies and procedures .
That review is still ongoing .
In the meantime , the force has fully embraced a community - based policing model , which is putting front - line officers in a prevention role , rather than solely focusing on enforcement .
" Our responsibility as police officers is not just safe communities .
We have a role in social justice as well , " said Blair .
And the diversity conversations are n't just happening in Toronto .
The majority of police forces across the country operate some form of race relations unit .
In addition , many are finding innovative ways to train officers .
In York Region , the service has created a Places of Worship Tour , a program that takes its officers to various religious centres across the region , said Insp. Ricky Veerappan , who heads the Diversity and Cultural Resources Bureau .
Doug Corrigan , president of the Toronto Police Association , said while he does not believe racial bias is a systemic problem , the union remains a strong anti-racism advocate .
Wednesday 's conference will host speakers from various groups , such as the African Canadian Legal Clinic , South Asian Legal Clinic and both Toronto school boards .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Gervan Fearon , a dean of continuing education at Ryerson University and a leader in the black community , will speak at the conference .
His lecture , Beyond Racial Profiling , will look at the benefits of community policing .
" We need to both applaud things that have had a positive outcome and be frank about areas where there are opportunities for improvement , " he said .
" From my own experiences and from what I 've seen in society and what 's been reported in the media , I think substantial amounts of progress have been made since ( the Star series ) .
Now does that mean there 's no racial profiling or improvements to be made ?
Not necessarily so . "
Tulay Goren 's body has never been found A girl who disappeared a decade ago was murdered by her father in a so - called " honour killing " , a court has heard .
Tulay Goren , 15 , a Kurdish Turk from Woodford Green , north London , vanished in 1999 and her body has never been found , the Old Bailey was told .
Her father Mehmet Goren , 49 , and uncles Cuma Goren , 42 , and Ali Goren , 55 , both from Walthamstow , all deny murder .
The men also deny conspiracy to murder her boyfriend , Halil Unal , 30 , between May 1998 and February 1999 .
Tulay was last seen alive on 7 January 1999 with her father Mehmet Goren , of Navestock Crescent , Woodford Green , who is alleged to have killed her later that day .
Jonathan Laidlaw QC , prosecuting , said Tulay was killed " to restore the so - called honour " of the family , who originate from Turkey .
The term was an " appalling and inappropriate way " to " dignify " the offence , he added .
She was caught and literally pulled back into the house and then persuaded to drink some coffee which had been laced with sleeping tablets
Jonathan Laidlaw QC , prosecuting Mr Laidlaw said the murder could not have taken place without the " approval and permission " of Mehmet Goren 's older brother Ali Goren , of Brettenham Road , Walthamstow , who was many miles away from London at the time .
Mr Goren 's younger brother Cuma , of Evesham Avenue , Walthamstow , was consulted about the decision .
Mr Laidlaw said it was not clear whether he was present during the killing but it appeared he was involved in the " clean - up and disposal " of the body .
" What ultimately caused the most terrible of problems within this family and was ultimately to lead to Tulay 's murder was a relationship she formed in London with a man called Halil Unal , " he added .
' Kiss Tulay goodbye '
The court heard Mr Unal was brought up as a Sunni Muslim while the Gorens were from the Alevi branch of the faith .
While they came from places no more than 60 miles apart in Turkey , a relationship between the sects " would not have been tolerated " .
The defendants decided to kill the couple " to avoid further humiliation " and Mehmet Goren called Mr Unal asking him to take away the teenager .
But he heeded Tulay 's warning about her family luring him into a " trap " and stayed away , the court heard .
The night before the alleged murder Tulay tried to escape but " was caught and literally pulled back into the house and then persuaded to drink some coffee which had been laced with sleeping tablets " , said Mr Laidlaw .
Her mother was sent with the other children to Cuma Goren 's house and her eight - year - old brother was asked to " to kiss Tulay goodbye " .
Mother prosecution witness
The jury heard when Tulay 's mother returned she noticed a " deep injury " to her husband 's palm , found two kitchen knives and several bin bags missing and the girl 's clothes gone .
A day later she also noticed the garden had been dug up .
The court heard Mehmet Goren told his wife their daughter had run away and would be disowned by the family , but no - one reported her missing .
Police were alerted to Tulay 's disappearance by her boyfriend .
Mehmet Goren , was arrested in 1999 but maintained she had simply run off , jurors heard .
Mr Laidlaw said the girl 's mother Hanim Gorin , had said very little at the time but the mother would now give evidence for the prosecution .
He said that last year , approaching 10 years on from Tulay 's disappearance , police returned to the case .
The case continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Alistair Darling has revealed his frustration at the collapse in Labour morale under Gordon Brown , accusing his party – from the prime minister down – of handing power to the Tories without a fight .
On the eve of what many MPs believe could be Labour 's final conference as a governing party for a decade , the normally restrained chancellor delivers a stinging rebuke to the entire Labour hierarchy , which he says appears to have lost " the will to live " , and warns that a Conservative government would " crash the economy " .
His intervention comes as , for the first time , Brown acknowledges the depths of the trouble Labour is in , telling delegates they face the " fight of their lives " next spring – while the Welsh secretary , Peter Hain , concedes that even if the party pulls itself together Labour may be unable to reverse the Tories ' poll lead before the election is called .
Faced with the threat of defeat , Darling likens Labour to a gutless football side where the team have allowed their heads to drop well before the final whistle .
" We do n't look as if we have got fire in our bellies , " he says in an interview with the Observer .
" We have got to come out fighting . "
Unusually for an arch - loyalist , Darling makes clear that the prime minister is as much to blame as anyone for the loss of self - belief : " From the prime minister , the chancellor , every government minister .
It is all our responsibilities . "
Tomorrow he will attempt to seize back the initiative on the economy – and deflect Tory claims that Labour is reckless with the public finances – by announcing in his conference speech plans for a new law that will force governments to keep the public deficit under control .
This year the deficit has soared to 12.4 % of GDP , more than four times the level it was in 2006 .
Next year it will be 11.9 % .
The new legislation is expected to set targets for a year - by - year reduction in the deficit .
Ministers will argue that it goes further than Tory plans announced last year for an Office of Budget Responsibility , because Labour 's scheme will make it a legal obligation to act responsibly .
In his speech today , Hain will argue that the election could be like 1992 , when John Major was expected to lose right up until polling day but pulled off a surprise victory : " If we do our job as a Labour leadership , if you do your jobs at the grassroots , whatever the polls say , when people get into the privacy of the polling booth then I think the next election will be more like in 1992 when everyone expected the government to lose but in the end voters considered the opposition too much of a risk . "
With Brown under intense pressure to show that he has not run out of ideas for a fourth term , ministers will today publish a new document highlighting other ideas likely to be included in Labour 's manifesto , including new ways of funding long - term care for the elderly , expanding nursery places , scrapping the remaining hereditary peers in the Lords and radical reforms of policing .
" We have spent a hell of a lot on policing and people still do n't feel that the frontline service they are getting is good enough , " said a source close to Brown .
In his foreword to A Choice for Britain , Brown promises plans for a " post- crisis " world where Labour would govern in the national interest , adding : " By 2015 , we want our country to be fairer , greener , more prosperous and democratic …
We know this will be the fight of our lives .
But we will fight hard because this election is about everything we care about – fairness and responsibility . "
Ministers last night predicted that Brown would not face a leadership challenge at the conference , but said the reception for November 's pre-budget report could be critical .
The former home secretary , David Blunkett , who remains close to the prime minister , admitted yesterday that a change of leader might give a slight lift in the polls but warned it would not be enough to transform the party 's fortunes , urging MPs to focus instead on finding new ideas to reconnect with the electorate .
" I want everyone who is going to conference thinking that ' We'd be better with someone else leading the party ' [ to ask themselves ] what sort of measures would they like the party to present to the public ? " he said .
" Otherwise , we are merely down to what particular personality we find slightly more attractive , and we are talking here about whether we increase by two or three per cent . "
The only senior figure to break ranks was the former deputy prime minister , John Prescott , who attacked party chairman Harriet Harman for putting too much emphasis on " female rights " and allowing the campaign to drift .
In another sign of the party 's woes , a leading Labour thinktank warns today that Brown could be running the " last ever Labour government " .
Compass argues that unless the prime minister offers a referendum on electoral reform , Labour will suffer defeat followed by the loss of dozens more seats soon after , as Scotland opts for independence and David Cameron reduces the size of the Commons .
The result could be a party with 130 seats incapable of mounting a challenge for power .
You know that uncomfortable feeling when someone is encroaching on your personal space ?
Caltech scientists have n't found a way to alleviate that anxiety but they have discovered the spot in the brain where such feelings originate .
The researchers studied an unusual patient , a woman , 42 , called SM , who had extensive damage to a part of the brain called the amygdala , which is known to process strong negative emotions .
In prior studies , the researchers showed that this brain damage was responsible for SM 's difficulty recognizing fear in the faces of others as well as judging trustworthiness .
But the lead researcher , Ralph Adolphs , noticed that SM tended to " violate " what others perceived as personal space .
" She is extremely friendly , and she wants to approach people more than normal , " another researcher , Daniel P. Kennedy , said in a news release .
The researchers compared SM with 20 volunteers in an experiment .
The subjects were asked to walk toward a researcher and stop at the point where they feel most comfortable .
The average preferred distance was about 2 feet .
SM , however , preferred about 1 foot , and her preferred distance did n't change based on who the researcher was or how well she knew them .
The volunteer subjects ' brains were also examined using functional MRI .
They could not see anyone present in the room , but the mere belief that someone was nearby caused their amygdalas to light up .
" It was just the idea of another person being there , or not , that triggered the amygdala , " Kennedy said .
The study shows that " the amygdala is involved in regulating social distance , independent of the specific sensory cues that are typically present when someone is standing close , like sounds , sights and smells . "
People who live in crowded societies , such as Japan , appear to be more tolerant of close contact with others , the researchers note .
Such customs can train the brain to respond to situations that are uncomfortable .
" If you violate the accepted cultural distance , it will make people uncomfortable , and the amygdala will drive that feeling , " Kennedy said .
The study could provide some insight into conditions , like autism , in which social distance is an issue .
The research was published today in the journal Nature Neuroscience .
-- Shari Roan
Image credit : Caltech
VVVVVV is debuting in Leeds next week , so I ’m crunching to get it ready in time !
There were a lot of unexpected complications with my non-linear approach , but I think it ’ll be worth all the extra work , in the end , when it ’s finally done .
It could be a very long time before I tackle something as big as this again , so I ’m not going to rush it .
You know what they say about the last 10 % .
My browser start page is this – a countdown to the IGF submission deadline .
Right now 12 days , 6 hours , 16 minutes and 55 seconds remain .
So I figured it was about time I submitted something !
I ’ve thought about it a bit and decided that I ’d like to submit two games – Do n’t Look Back and VVVVVV .
There ’s just one problem ; I do n’t have the money .
I do n’t talk about this a lot , so there ’s a good chance a lot of people reading this do n’t actually know what my working situation is .
I actually make games full time – and full time as in , well , all the time ; all day , every day .
I quit my job two years ago and I ’ve been trying to find some way to balance making the games I wanna make and being able to afford doing it since .
My savings from work are long gone , and I got a loan about a year ago which has since run out .
So this is reality : very soon I will have to stop making games full time and start dealing with my debts .
My original plan with VVVVVV was to look for a sponsorship , but it ’s grown too big for that to really be realistic .
In any case , I find it hard to imagine it with a sponsor ’s logo on the front , surrounded by ads .
So recently I ’ve decided that I want to try something else – I ’m going to sell VVVVVV as shareware .
It ’s a big , scary decision to make , but it ’s pretty much the only shot I have at this point at continuing to do what I love into the future ! 🙂
I ’ve love to know what you think about this .
Please let me know !
I have n’t really thought this through yet and I do n’t really know how I ’m going to do it …
A more immediate problem is that I really want to enter these games into the IGF , but ca n’t afford to !
So I ’m asking for your help !
If you ’d like to see me or my games in the IGF , please contribute .
The submission fee is $ 95 per game !
Any contribution is appreciated , but as suggested by some friends here are a few kickstarter style targets to motivate you !
If you donate $ 10 , I ’ll send you a copy of VVVVVV once it ’s finished .
You can think of this as a preorder !
If you donate $ 20 , you ’ll get a copy of VVVVVV when it ’s done and access to the beta when it ’s ready at the start of November ( if you like ! ) .
Finally , if you donate $ 30 or more , you get all the above and I ’ll credit you as a patron in the game .
( While donations are still welcome , preorders are no longer available .
Thanks for the support !
3rd Jan )
( Beta access and the patron ’s list are no longer available .
7th Dec )
Of course , any help at all is appreciated !
I ’ve never , ever asked for donations before .
** STATEMENT by Dr. Flowers , arrested at insurance office today **
MOBILIZATION FOR HEALTH CARE FOR ALL : 10/29/2009
Kai Newkirk , Mobilization for Health Care for All , ( 310 ) 703-3046 , info@mobilizeforhealthcare.org
Kevin Zeese , Prosperity Agenda , ( 301 ) 995-6582 , kzeese@earthlink.net
Physicians and supporters arrested at CareFirst health insurance office to call for real health care reform
Dr. Margaret Flowers and Charles Loubert , 81 , will stay in jail until CEO of CareFirst meets to discuss redirecting lobbying funds to pay for patients care
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Baltimore , MD - Two physicians and two supporters were arrested today at a sit-in at a Baltimore Care First health insurance office .
The sit -in is part of a national groundswell of citizens and health care providers demonstrating for meaningful health care reform at insurance company offices .
Doctor Margaret Flowers , a pediatrician who has testified before Congress on the need for meaningful health care reform , was arrested and intends to stay in jail until the CEO of CareFirst has a public meeting with her .
She is joined by Charles Loubert , 81 , a Baltimore resident and former teacher who was also arrested , and who was denied health care several years ago by his insurer .
Both Flowers and Loubert are refusing to give information to the Baltimore police that would lead to their release until Chet Burrell , the CEO of CareFirst , agrees to meet with them publicly to discuss CareFirst redirecting all funds that go to lobbying , advertising , or political contributions to pay for the care of clients who need it .
Dr. Flowers and Loubert were joined by Dr. Eric Naumberg , also a physician , and Patricia Courtney , also a former teacher .
They are part of a national groundswell of civil disobedience at insurance companies to end insurance abuse and win health care for all coordinated by Mobilization for Health Care for All .
The mobilization has seen 115 people arrested at health insurance offices in 18 cities so far , with six more actions planned in the coming week .
Arrests include several nurses , as well as Matt Hendrickson , MD MPH , who was arrested yesterday in Los Angeles .
Statement by Dr. Margaret Flowers :
Written Wednesday , October 28 , 2009 , the night before going to jail :
" Let me begin by saying that I do n't have any desire to be arrested .
I am a pediatrician with 3 teenagers and a husband who would prefer that I do not spend time in jail .
I have never actually spent the night in jail and I imagine it is not very pleasant .
To be honest , I am a bit frightened .
But , I expect that these are normal feelings and I am dedicated to act despite my reservations because there comes a time for action .
That time is now ( or " way past now " as doctors and patients whom I 've met in my travels have told me ) .
In short , I am going to be arrested again because I believe that it is my professional responsibility to advocate on behalf of those who can't and because it is clear that the other traditional advocacy tools are not working .
The phrase that runs continuously through my mind is " To be silent is to be complicit . "
I can not be complicit in the face of an industry that profits at the cost of human lives and in the face of an administration and Congress that are too dysfunctional to stop this practice .
I have traveled on an unexpected and eye - opening journey this year .
In January , I celebrated the inauguration of a new President who I hoped would be the agent to create real change in America .
I hoped that we would see changes that benefited the people of America ( more than the corporations ) .
I joined the steering committee of the Leadership Conference for Guaranteed Health Care because I believed that if we built the grassroots movement for real health care reform : a national publicly - financed health system that was truly universal and accountable , then we would provide the political cover so that the new administration and the Congress could pass it , or at the very least discuss it .
I believed when the administration said that it wanted to hear from the Americans , that we would actually have a debate about how to improve health care in this nation .
Early in the year , I lobbied with many other members of the LCGHC who represented health professionals , patients , labor and faith groups .
We had two simple requests : include advocates of single payer in the hearings and do an economic study of single payer legislation so that it could be compared to the plans being put together in Congress .
We were assured by members , such as Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , that this would happen .
However , before long , we started seeing quotes from the leadership that essentially said all options were on the table except single payer .
Ever the optimist , I thought this was simply a signal to work harder .
" OK , " I told myself , " they are n't going to make this easy .
No surprise there . "
We continued to meet with members , we pressured the White House to invite single payer representatives to the Health Summit in March ( which they did ) and we continued to reach out to organizations to join our movement .
We thought the health care debate would include the stakeholders ( health providers and patients ) , but found that only the stockholders were invited to the table .
When it came time for the first series of public hearings on health care , which were held in the Senate Finance Committee , we requested that one single payer advocate be included with the 41 other witnesses ( many of whom represented the private insurance industry , pharmaceutical corporations and big business ) .
Despite thousands of calls and emails from across the country , our request was denied .
That is when it became clear that we would have to use stronger tools .
On the day of the second hearing , May 5th , 8 of us traveled to Washington to attend the hearing .
As it began , we stood up one by one and requested a seat at the table .
And one by one we were arrested to the sounds of nervous laughter from the members of the committee and audience .
It reminded me of a quote from Gandhi , something like " first they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you and then you win . "
We returned the following week with nurses and more people were arrested in the committee .
This time there was no laughter .
I guess that meant we were on to phase three : the fight .
For decades , health providers have found it more and more difficult to provide quality health care .
The private insurance industry placed more and more obstacles in the way of providers and patients - co-pays , deductibles , networks , uncovered services , the need for authorization , pre-existing conditions , rescissions , rapidly rising health insurance premiums , etc .
And we , the doctors and patients , did our best to comply with the complex and confusing maze of requirements .
We saw medicine turned into a business rather thana healing art .
Patients became consumers and health care became available only to those who could afford it or were eligible for government programs .
Doctors became frustrated and started leaving practice or opening " boutique " practices .
Many of the doctors I spoke with this summer said things like , " well , up until about five years ago I could still get care for my patients , but now , I can't . "
For decades , legislators at the state and federal levels have tried incremental health reform .
I have heard legislators and health advocates say over and over again , that they are " diehard incrementalists " or " political pragmatists " .
Despite patchwork efforts to expand Medicaid , provide tax credits or subsidies towards the purchase of private insurance or to provide competing public insurances , the number of uninsured and underinsured has continued to grow .
The cost of health care in this country has increased faster than wages , inflation and the GDP .
How practical is it to keep trying the same thing and expecting a different result ?
We , as a nation , have put off the fight we know we will have to wage if we want real health reform .
The fight is against the market model of health care and the foe is formidable .
The medical - industrial complex has billions of dollars and strong influence over the politicians .
The revolving door between the M - I complex and the Congressional staffers is spinning so fast that it is hard to keep track .
For instance , Liz Fowler worked for Sen .
Baucus , then became Vice President of Public Policy for Wellpoint ( one of the largest health insurers ) and then returned to the Senate Finance Committee this year to oversee the legislative process for the health bill .
There are 6 health insurance lobbyists for each member of Congress and at least 350 of these lobbyists were former staffers .
The industry is spending around $ 1.4 million each day on lobbying .
We are the only industrialized nation to use this market model for health care and it has failed to be either universal or affordable for a very simple reason : the business of private health insurers is to make a profit for their investors which is done by charging high premiums , avoiding the sick and restricting and denying payment for care .
Decisions are made based on what is best for the bottom line , not the health of the patient .
The United States ranks at the top in only one area when it comes to health care and that is for how much we spend .
We spend twice as much or more per person than any other industrialized nation and for that we are ranked 37th in the world on health outcomes .
We have high infant and maternal mortalities , growing health disparities and low life expectancy .
The other industrialized nations guarantee health care to almost everybody living on their soil .
We leave at least 46 million out entirely and have millions more who are insured but unprotected and so they lose their home or go bankrupt trying to pay for needed health care .
We rank the highest of the top 19 industrialized nations for the number of preventable deaths , estimated at 110,000 per year in 2007 .
It does n't have to be this way .
We have a model that does work for the population it serves , those 65 years of age and over and the disabled .
It is traditional Medicare .
Medicare is already nationwide .
It finances health care with a very low overhead ( 3 % instead of the 31 % spent on private insurance ) and allows doctors and patients to make medical decisions without jumping through numerous hoops ( like private insurers do ) .
The politicians know this , but they try to shut it out because adopting Medicare for all means giving up those generous campaign contributions .
There comes a time when we must ask ourselves if we can continue to delay doing what we know is right .
Can we be silent and allow thousands of our fellow Americans to die each year ?
Is it acceptable to close our eyes and pretend we do n't see because we may believe that we have " good insurance " ?
A dear friend of mine recently wrote a song about the health care situation that contains the question " Is n't this America ? "
And I ask the same question .
If we are spending the most , why are n't we trying to be the best ?
Or at least in the top ten ?
A national single payer health system , such as Medicare for All , is civilized medicine .
It is what civilized societies do for their people .
It allows people the freedom to go to school , change jobs , open their own businesses , and provide for their families without the stress of worrying about losing everything if they become ill .
I have decided to join other doctors and citizens in the mobilization for health care reform - a nationwide coordinated nonviolent civil disobedience campaign for Medicare for all .
As we saw in other social justice movements such as women 's suffrage and civil rights in the 1960's , change will not come unless we take a stand .
I do this reluctantly because I am still on probation from my arrest in May and so I will likely have to stay in jail .
But I do this with resolve for those who would like to act but cannot - the patients who are suffering and the doctors who are trying to provide care .
And I hope that others will join and support the campaign in whatever way they can .
The website is www.mobilizeforhealthcare.org . "
With hopes for peace and a better future ,
Margaret Flowers , M.D.
Sparks , MD
Congressional Fellow , Physicians for a National Health Program
# # #
More info :
Mobilization for Health Care for All www.MobilizeForHealthCare.org
View our Facebook Page
Check us out on YouTube
Follow us on Twitter
# # #
SCHEDULE OF UPCOMING SIT-INS AT INSURANCE COMPANY OFFICES
Thursday , October 29th :
Baltimore , MD
When : 12:00 PM
Where : CareFirst
Contact : Kevin Zeese , kzeese@earthlink.net , ( 301 ) 995-6582
Link : http:// mobilizeforhealthcare-baltimore.ning.com
Louisville , KY
When : 10:00AM
Where : Humana insurance
Contact : Kay Tillow , nursenpo@aol.com , 917-621-7268
Link : http://mobilizeforhealthcare-kentucky.ning.com/
Friday , October 30th :
Philadelphia , PA
When : Noon
Where : Anthem Blue Cross
Contact : Jeff Muckensturm , 267-515-2400 , jeff@healthcare-now.org
Link : http://mobilizeforhealthcare-pa.ning.com/
Tuesday , November3rd :
San Diego , CA
When : 10:00AM
Where : Blue Shield
Contact : Jerry Malamud , aabs@aol.com , 858-270-5562 Link : http://mobilizeforhealthcare-sandiego.ning.com/
Wednesday , November 4th :
Albuquerque , NM
When : 10:30AM
Contact : Guy Watson , drguy0@gmail.com
Link : http://mobilizeforhealthcare-abq.ning.com/
Atlanta , GA
When : 10:00AM
Where : Blue Cross Blue Shield
Contact : Denise Woodall , denisewoodallksu@yahoo.com
Link : http://mobilizeforhealthcare-atlanta.ning.com/
Detroit , MI
When : 12:00 pm
Where : Blue Cross
Contact : Precious Daniels , vincious1@hotmail.com ; 313-361-4318
Link : http://mobilizeforhealthcare-detroit.ning.com
Portland , ORWhen : TBA Contact : Jim Ferner , vjday153@hotmail.com , 503-231-0847
Link : http://mobilizeforhealthcare-oregon.ning.com
--
Katie Robbins
Assistant Coordinator
Healthcare - NOW !
339 Lafayette St
NY , NY 10012
A social media hashtags is a short link that is preceded by the pound " # " symbol .
While hashtags tend to confuse many , they are an integral part of how we communicate and market online .
Hashtags turn phrases and words into searchable links .
This makes it easy to find content that you are interested in .
A hashtag is used to unite posts about particular topics .
It 's a way of organizing or grouping social media posts together .
They are used to help people find topics that are similar and participate in discussions that are important to them .
You just click on the hashtag and you can see all the posts that are centered around that topic or subject .
Where did hashtags come from ?
In 2007 , developer Chris Messina sent the first tweet that contained a hashtag .
The tweet read :
how do you feel about using # ( pound ) for groups .
As in # barcamp [ msg ] ?
With that tweet , the hashtag was born .
What a Hashtag Looks Like
A hashtag is the social posts that you see that contain the " # " symbol plus a topic or word .
An example that comes to mind are hashtags that are currently being used in politics when it comes to the United States Presidential Election .
While watching debates many viewers gather together and unite their posts by including the hashtags # Election2016 , # FeeltheBern , # ImWithHer , and # MakeAmericaGreatAgain .
This enabled the hashtags to be searched and allowed Twitter users to follow the conversation of others on Twitter regarding the 2016 election .
Twitter Hashtag Resources
If you are interested in what topics are being talked about on Twitter , there are a few resources you can visit to gauge trending topics being discussed .
These sites include :
Hashtags.org : Hashtags.org is extremely valuable when it comes to researching popular trends on Twitter .
It provides you with information on how many messages were sent regarding a specific hashtag and within what time frame .
Hashtagify.me :
Need to know what hashtags are trending in your industry ?
Hashtagify .me will show you the top ten hashtags related to a specific keyword .
Tagboard : Interested in hashtags that work across multiple social media platforms ?
Tagboard does a great job of curating hashtags that are used on Twitter , Facebook , Google + , and Instagram .
Tweet Binder : Want a list of related hashtags ?
You can use Tweet Binder to run a query and find out other related hashtags .
This can help when you need to find a specific hashtag that fits your needs .
You can also click on the hashtag within Tweet Binder and see recent tweets that have used the hashtag .
Keyhole :
Want to track real - time results of a specific hashtag on Twitter , Facebook , Instagram or Google + ?
Keyhole does a great job of pulling together real - time results in a visual dashboard . ​
Why Hashtags Are Useful
Hashtags can be useful when you want to create as well as monitor visibility on social media platforms .
This can be extremely beneficial when monitoring your company or your products .
They can be used to categorize your social posts according to a topic or purpose .
You will also find them used frequently when live events are taking place and attendees have a desire to discuss the event with others .
Simply put , hashtags are a great way to organize Tweets and allow others to follow specific topics or events .
Once you learn how to use them , you will wonder how you used Twitter without them .
Profile : Mother Teresa India has rejected a demand by the Albanian government for the return of the remains of Nobel laureate Mother Teresa , buried in the city of Calcutta .
" Mother Teresa was an Indian citizen and she is resting in her own country , her own land , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Vishnu Prakash said .
A spokeswoman for the nun 's Missionaries of Charity described the Albanian request as " absurd " .
Mother Teresa , an ethnic Albanian , was born in Skopje , now part of Macedonia .
Correspondents say that the row over her resting place could develop into an ugly three - way squabble between India , where she worked most of her life , Albania where her parents came from and Macedonia where she lived the first 18 years of her life .
The row is expected to intensify by August next year - the 100th anniversary of Mother Teresa 's birth - by which time many commentators expect her to have been canonised as a saint .
The ethnic Albanian nun , who was known as the " Saint of the Gutters " for her work among the poor of Calcutta , was given Indian citizenship in 1951 .
' She is India 's ' " The question [ of her remains being taken back to Albania ] does not arise at all , " Mr Prakash said .
Mother Teresa was given a rousing Indian farewell at her funeral After her death in September 1997 , Mother Teresa was buried at the Calcutta headquarters of the Missionaries of Charity ( MoC ) , which is now a pilgrimage site .
" We welcome Delhi 's decision .
Mother Teresa is Calcutta's , she is India's .
It is absurd for Albania to expect her last remains , " MoC spokeswoman Sunita Kumar told the BBC .
In comments reported over the weekend , Albanian Prime Minister Sali Berisha said his government would intensify efforts to reclaim her remains before her birth centenary .
Born Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu in 1910 , Mother Teresa arrived in India as a novice in 1929 and dedicated herself to working among the sick , dying and destitute .
She took the name of Teresa on taking her vows as a nun in 1931 and in 1950 established the order which runs homes for abandoned children , the elderly and those suffering from leprosy and Aids .
The MoC grew to include 3,000 nuns and 400 brothers in 87 countries , tending to the poor and dying in the slums of 160 cities .
In 1979 , she accepted the Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of " the throwaway of society " .
She asked that the grand gala dinner be cancelled and the proceeds be given to the poor of Calcutta .
Mother Teresa once said : " By blood , I am Albanian .
By citizenship , an Indian .
By faith , I am a Catholic nun .
As to my calling , I belong to the world . "
She was beatified - the first stage in becoming a saint - in 2003 by Pope John Paul II .
It was done in record time in the modern era .
Mother Teresa 's beatification has now paved the way for her canonisation , which many expect will happen soon .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hey remember the other day when Lou Dobbs claimed that some dirty Mexicans managed to put down their chalupas and Meximelts , rustled up some fancy firearms and then proceeded to shoot up his house , because that ’s what dirty Mexicans do , obviously .
During his little radio tirade , during which Lou of course came to logical conclusion that it just had to be people pissed at his efforts to end illegal immigration who did it , Dobbs claimed that he ’d reported the incident to the “ very supportive ” New Jersey state police .
Well now those same New Jersey state police are telling a different story , that Dobbs ’ house was likely sprayed by random gunfire from people hunting in the area , a relatively common occurrence :
In a phone interview conducted yesterday , Sgt. Stephen Jones , a NJ State Police spokesperson , chuckled out loud after he heard about Dobbs ’ account of the gunfire incident .
Jones commented that he “ would n’t classify it [ the gunfire incident ] as very unusual . ”
He also confirmed that there are hunters in the area , and stated that , “ at this time of year hunter [ shooting ] complaints go up . ”
He observed that in the ongoing police investigation sparked by Dobbs ’ complaint , “ nothing has been determined [ regarding ] what the intended target for this bullet was . ”
Nor did Jones confirm whether the shots near Dobbs ’ house appeared to be an accident or intentional .
Another New Jersey State Police spokesperson , Sgt. Julian Castellanos , noted that “ it ’s a wide open area and there are hunters in the area . ”
Castellanos explained that the bullet had hit the house in vicinity of the attic ; it “ hit the vinyl siding and fell to the ground ” without penetrating the vinyl , he said .
When asked to comment for this story , Dobbs disputed the New Jersey State Police ’s account , saying in an email that “ there was no hunting season underway three weeks ago . ”
However , an official at the NJ Division of Fish and Wildlife Bureau of Law Enforcement confirmed in a phone interview that state hunting seasons were underway at the time of the gunfire incident three weeks ago .
Asked what he thought of Dobbs ’ version of the gunfire incident , Sgt. Jones stated , “ I ’m really going to leave Lou Dobbs ’ assessment to himself . ”
ED # 112 : Microsoft Windows 7 Free Upgrade Program Screw - Ups !
As early as November 2008 , we already revealed details of a free upgrade program for the upcoming Microsoft Windows 7 operating system .
Basically , from June 26 , 2009 up till January 31 , 2010 , purchasers of PCs that have Windows Vista pre-installed are entitled to a free upgrade to Windows 7 after it is launched on October 22 , 2009 .
Whether Microsoft did this out of the goodness of their hearts is something for everyone to ponder , but what 's for certain is that this program makes good business sense , especially for Microsoft 's OEM partners .
Without such a program , everyone would stop buying PCs , preferring to wait until Windows 7 launches so that they can buy PCs with Windows 7 pre-installed .
The announcement of the free upgrade option program for Windows 7 have kept sales of PCs up , even during this economic downturn .
Not only were there pent - up sales from folks who stayed their purchases earlier to take opportunity of this free upgrade program , it also generated interest from buyers who were piqued by the possibility of getting a free Windows 7 license .
Unfortunately , the people who benefited the most from this program , namely Microsoft 's OEM partners , seemed to be sabotaging the very program that was saving their collective asses during this economic downturn .
Many people who purchased their PCs under the program from OEMs like HP , Toshiba and Dell have encountered mind - numbing obstacles in getting their free copy of Windows 7 .
Most of these buyers encountered complications during the registration process , some of which were intentional .
For example , HP insisted on a scanned copy of the receipt or packing slip even though the purchase was made online .
Online invoices or receipts were not accepted , ostensibly to avoid fraud .
Odd , since they had no qualms accepting online payments .
Guess trust does n't go both ways , as far as HP is concerned !
Customers of other OEMs like Lenovo and Dell were equally bewildered when they tried to register their PCs or notebooks and received error messages like " invalid part number " or " your serial number does n't exist " .
There were also cases of buyers discovering that their date of purchase was pre-dated by weeks or even months , outright disqualifying their purchases for the free upgrade !
This was because they purchased their PCs from third - party retailers who had earlier purchased those PCs from their OEM suppliers .
Whose fault is that now ?
All this bungling makes it appear as if Microsoft 's OEM partners were not sufficiently prepared for such a program .
This , of course , flies in the face of logic as they underwent a similar program for Windows Vista , and were advised of such an upgrade program back in 2008 .
To be fair to Microsoft , they left it to their OEM partners to decide who qualifies for the program .
The rules are pretty clear - cut .
Without going through all the legalese , it 's basically this - purchases of PCs with preinstalled Windows Vista ( Ultimate / Business / Home Premium ) from participating OEMs during the period of June 26 , 2009 up to January 31 , 2010 are entitled to a free upgrade to an equivalent Windows 7 version .
It 's that simple .
Is it so difficult for the OEMs to dust off their Windows Vista free upgrade program SOP ( standard operating procedures ) and update it for Windows 7 , maybe even improve it ?
You tell me .
One thing 's for sure - Microsoft 's OEM partners are really screwing up the very program that 's keeping their noses above the rising water .
Stupid , stupid OEMs .
Other Microsoft Scoops :
If you have a scoop you want to share with us , just contact us !
It does n't have to be Microsoft - related .
It can be anything in the tech industry , from mobile phones to P2P software .
Just drop us a line !
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Questions & Comments
If you have a question or comment on this editorial , please feel free to post them here !
( CNN ) -- Instead of feeling crisp and refreshed , Jesse Wu wakes up sluggish after 12 hours of sleep .
" If I sleep the right amount , I feel really good , " said the 25 - year - old who lives in a suburb of Chicago , Illinois .
" If I sleep too long , I feel groggy throughout the whole day . "
Like
Wu , some feel exhausted after long hours of rest .
" Many people will tell you , they sleep a little worse when they sleep a long time on weekends , " said Dr. Daniel Kripke , co-director of Scripps Clinic Sleep Center in La Jolla , California .
" Too much long sleep on weekends does not seem to make people feel better . "
But he acknowledged that the reasons have n't been determined .
For years , doctors have warned about the dangers of not getting enough shuteye -- traffic accidents , weight gain , decreased productivity and immune protection , but the effects of oversleeping are not well - understood .
There is n't medical evidence to recommend that people who sleep long hours should change their habits , Kripke said .
Daylight saving time ends this Sunday , giving sleepers a bonus hour of sleep .
Wu savors his sleep .
" I really enjoy it , " he said .
In the morning , he needs five alarms -- each with a different sound -- that he smacks as he lumbers out of bed .
Like many professionals ,
Wu sleeps little on the weekdays ( about five hours ) and makes up for it on weekends , spending eight to 12 hours blissfully hibernating .
Sometimes , after a long stretch , he wakes up too tired to function .
" After I 've gotten so much sleep , the first situation is I fall asleep at 10 p.m. , even though I 've gotten 12 hours of sleep , because I feel so groggy , " said Wu , who works as a membership coordinator for a professional association .
This is known as sleep drunkenness , when a person hovers between sleep and wakefulness , said Dr. Lisa Shives , medical director at Northshore Sleep Medicine in Evanston , Illinois .
In one case , a patient who had sleep drunkenness came to the emergency room because his wife thought he had a stroke .
" They 'll wake up and be in this weird state of sleep drunkenness , " Shives said .
" If it 's really severe , you 're not going to be in any state to make decisions .
If it 's just regular [ case ] , a lot of us feel ' blah , ' and most of us have to carry on and get going on a shower and cups of coffee . "
Oversleeping once in a while does n't present serious health risks , experts say .
But if you habitually sleep excessively , it could be the result of an underlying health problem .
And it could be cutting into your life span .
" There 's been at least two epidemiological studies to show that if people get less than five hours , or more than 10 hours of sleep , it increases their mortality , " said Michael Breus , the clinical director of the sleep division at Southwest Spine and Sports in Scottsdale , Arizona .
A 2007 Finnish study found that the mortality risks increased by about 20 percent for people who slept more than eight hours .
That same year , a British study found that people who slept five hours or less and those who slept more than eight hours also faced increased risks .
Another study showed that people who routinely slept more than eight hours a night had a greater chance of stroke than others with less sleep .
Scientists say sleep and longevity are somehow associated , but there might be confounding factors .
" We do n't know if it 's the long sleep .
It could be something else causing illness and the long sleep , " said Kripke , who has researched the topic for 35 years .
Here are possible factors for habitually excessive sleep , known as hypersomnia :
• Problem : Poor - quality sleep
A person could sleep the recommended amount , but still feel tired because he or she got poor quality sleep .
" Oftentimes , we only think of sleep in terms of minutes -- but that 's really the quantity of sleep .
In fact , there 's a quality of sleep , " said Breus , author of the book " Beauty Sleep . "
The average sleep cycle takes 90 minutes to complete .
It starts from stage 1 , the lightest sleep , and progresses to deeper levels through stage 4 .
Then , it continues to rapid eye movement ( REM ) sleep when the person dreams .
" When you have poor quality sleep , you spend a lot of time in stage 1 sleep , " said Shives , a spokesperson for the American Academy of Sleep Medicine .
" You will tend to want to sleep longer to make up for the quality and increasing quantity . "
• Problem : Other medical conditions
" If you find you 're sleeping a lot -- like more than nine hours on a regular basis , you need to talk to your physician , because that probably means you got poor quality sleep and that could be sleep apnea , narcolepsy or restless legs form of sleep disorder , " said Breus .
Sleep apnea is a major cause of problems , when breathing stops during sleep .
" If you have sleep apnea and you stop breathing through the night , you might feel really tired in the morning even though you 've gotten eight hours .
Those eight hours were horrible , light , crappy sleep , " Breus said .
Another possibility is periodic limb movement disorder , which causes a person to jerk and twitch during sleep , causing disruptions .
Depression has also been associated with excessive sleep .
• Problems : Genetics
Some people naturally thrive on little sleep .
And then , there are others who flourish after nine hours .
" It 's only when you go less than six and a half hours of sleep , we call you a short sleeper ; more than 9.5 hours , we call you a long sleeper , " Shives said .
" We think there 's something genetic . "
A study published this year in the journal Science identified a mutated gene in a mother - daughter pair that allowed them to function on six hours of sleep .
The research conducted by University of California , San Francisco scientists is believed to be the first to discover a gene , hDEC2 involved in regulating sleep length .
This finding could someday lead to a better understanding of why some people require more sleep .
There is new navigation in our menus - we 've made it easier to find what you 're looking for !
There are a lot of ingredients that might or might not go into the winning formula that brings concurrent programming to the mainstream .
This is a very brief run-through of as many as I can think of .
[ This is part of the Concur . next series .
At the moment , I think the next few pieces are going to be discussions of some or maybe all of the items in the list .
If you ’ve published something particularly gripping about one of them or another , shoot me a link . ]
I ’ll try to update this piece lots ; I ’m sure people will write in to disagree with my characterization and to argue for the addition or removal of the items from / to the list .
Since this is an enumeration rather than an opinion piece , I have quite a bit of hope that it might come to represent community consensus .
In this discussion , I frequently refer to the HECS ( Haskell , Erlang , Clojure , Scala ) languages .
I am not claiming that one of these is the winner or that there are n’t other worthwhile contenders .
It ’s just that they keep floating to the top and ( I think ) represent an instructive range of ways to aggregate the features in this laundry list .
Functional Programming · Hereinafter FP , please .
The Wikipedia explanation is fairly impenetrable .
Erlang is a decent gateway drug and Haskell is definitely the hard stuff .
The proportion of a program which is composed of entirely side - effect - free function calls should by definition be arbitrarily parallelizable .
That ’s the theory , anyhow .
Essentially every modern programming system that claims to address concurrency provides some FP capabilities .
Immutable Data ·
If your data objects are immutable , you can operate upon them freely and concurrently without fear of corruption or the need for locking .
Plus you can use them as interprocess messages without actually copying them , or ship them between physical machines and know that the version you left behind is still current , whatever they do over there .
It seems pretty obvious that this is a powerful tool for use in addressing concurrency problems .
There are gradations of immutability .
You can have immutable variables and do what feels like changing them if you auto - magically make a timestamped new version while preserving the validity of pointers to the old one .
There are all sorts of data - structure tricks you can do , for example an “ immutable ” array where you append an element , logically producing an entirely new object but in fact re-using the pre-append part of the array .
This is a simple notion but very deep subject .
Processes and Actors ·
It ’s axiomatic that we ’re not going to expose threads in the operating - system sense .
But it seems that programmers ought to be allowed to see some notion of a sequence of operations that proceeds in parallel with other sequences of operations .
Erlang calls them processes , Scala calls them actors ( there ’s a big chunk of Computer - science theory at work there ) , Haskell does n’t call them anything but the documentation bandies the term “ Thread ” about .
The way in which this is exposed to the programmer seems to me like a crucial defining characteristic in building a strategy to attack the concurrency problem .
In the context of this series , when I say “ process ” I ’m using it more or less in the Erlang sense , as a sequence of execution with its own ( logical ) call stack and heap and so on , without asserting that its implementation is based on an OS process or thread , or that it is or is n’t an Actor in the formal sense .
Message Passing ·
If you ’re going to expose processes and avoid global data , you need a way for them to communicate .
There is a lot of semantic variations in the way different platforms do interprocess communication , but a superficial look suggests that some shared patterns are emerging ; Scala , for example , consciously echoes Erlang in its approach .
Typing ·
Here we have single greatest religious divide among programmers , and it cuts right across this space .
Thank goodness none of the candidates are weakly typed a la Perl .
Erlang has unsurprising dynamic typing but no objects .
Scala has inferred static typing applied to Java - flavored classes / objects / methods .
Haskell has stronger and more elaborate ( static ) typing than anything I ’ve ever been near ; in fact they push a lot of what would normally be considered an application programmer ’s work down into the type system .
They have things called classes ( OK , typeclasses ) , but they ’re a horse of a different color .
It ’s not obvious to me that the choice of type system is that important in building the Java of concurrency , but I could easily be wrong on that .
Virtual Machine ·
Is it an advantage to have your own virtual machine , like Erlang , to be based on another like Clojure and Scala , or just to compile to native code like Haskell ?
And the JVM in particular brings along a mind - bogglingly huge amount of existing software and libraries you can call out to .
Well , except for a large proportion either is n’t optimized for concurrency or just wo n’t work that way at all .
The right answer here is n’t obvious at all .
Transactional Memory · Since nobody ’s ever shipped hardware transactional memory , we ’re talking STM here ; Clojure in particular makes a big deal of this .
The core idea is sort of like applying ACID database semantics in accessing program variables .
The effect is that you can mutate things concurrently where you need to in the context of a transaction ; if a collision occurs , the whole transaction is rolled back and inconsistency does n’t arise .
Tuple Space · The Wikipedia Tuple space article is perfectly OK .
I can remember like yesterday back in the Eighties , reading about Linda and thinking this had to be the future .
Maybe so , but it ’s sure not the present ; I ’ve never actually had my hands on a deployed piece of software that relied on a tuple space .
And at the moment , I do n’t hear anyone claiming this is the way to build the Java of concurrency .
Dataflow · But , like tuple spaces , Dataflow is an idea that looks like it ought to be real useful in building concurrent systems .
Concretely , you ought to be able to farm out the recalculation of a big complex spreadsheet to a bunch of processors until you get to the last - step sum computations .
Like tuple spaces , I do n’t see anyone trying to build the concurrent future with dataflow techniques .
Reliability ·
This is only here because of Erlang , which claims to have two design goals :
First , to enable concurrent computation , and second , to make such computation reliable in the face of software and hardware errors .
In order to accomplish this in a process - based paradigm , it wants to handle all errors simply by blowing up the process where they happened ; then there ’s a really slick system of local and remote process monitors that should enable you to keep your system on the air in the face of a whole lot of different classes of problems .
The thing is , once you ’ve worked with Erlang a little bit , the notion of trying to deliver any concurrent system without those sorts of monitors and failovers and so on begins to be seriously worrying .
My personal bet is that whatever we end up with is going to have to have a good story to tell in this space .
Language or Library ? ·
This is a big one .
Do we need a whole new platform ?
A new language on an existing VM ?
Or maybe even just a set of libraries you can use from existing languages ?
You can do massively parallel computing right now today , from FORTRAN forsooth , using MPI .
There are more modern approaches including MapReduce and Hadoop .
There are Actor libraries that I know of for Java , Ruby , and probably essentially every other modern language .
And nobody ’s forcing you to make your variables mutable or to share data between threads .
Or even to use threads ; in my own Wide Finder project ( I , II ) , there was no real evidence that thread - level concurrency outperformed processes .
These days , given the choice , I prefer to code in either Ruby or Python .
I ’d love to be able to keep as much of that lightweight dynamic enabling goodness as possible and still drink from the fountain of concurrency .
Distribution ·
Which is to say , can your concurrent application code run across multiple physically separated computer systems , as opposed to just the cores on one system ?
If so , is it automatic or under the programmer ’s control .
Erlang makes this explicit , as a reliability mechanism , but for problems that get really large in scale , this could easily become a gating limit on performance .
What ’s Missing ?
· From this laundry list , I mean .
Or what ’s really wrong and misleading .
Or should any of these be cast into the outer darkness ?
Do you find it hard in choosing the best and Affordable SEO Company that will always provide you the most effective strategies when internet marketing is concerned ?
SEO
Company that will help you full your sites rank and reputation ?
Nowadays more and more outsourcing companies are out in the market to offer you services that you might need for your website but are you really assured that those company posses all the characteristics when it comes to outsourcing business ?
Your money is at stake because you might lose it if you will choose company that is not very much capable for the services that you asked for .
Company with no good reputation in serving the clients and can not provide an effective profit to provide effective strategies to make your site visible to potential clients .
Professional SEO
Australia is one of the leading companies nowadays that could possibly bring out the best for your website .
By the help of the Affordable SEO Company that they are affiliated with , they also work with the top notch outsourcing programmers .
We personally knew that it is also a better idea to work with someone who has the better understanding and know - ledge in providing all the information ’s and possible ways to make us gain better profit .
Professional SEO
Australia is indeed one of the best SEO Company that could possibly double your money because they are very much trusted by the experts that never fail the costumer ’s expectations .
Our economic status nowadays require each one of us to be wise in choosing partners that could possibly gain promising assets in the near future .
While some First Ladies choose to keep a low profile , others have concerned themselves with the task of adding color to the premier office of the country .
Along the way , some of these women have managed to perform acts that continue to flummox long after they were carried out .
From Mira Markovic , who assumed the role of Lady Macbeth of the Balkans , to Simone Duvalier , Papa Doc ’s trusted accomplice , we look at ten women whose megalomania was so consummate that they took their ambitions to ludicrous ends .
10 Mira Markovic ’s diaries in Duga
There are some evil first ladies and then there is Mirajina Markovic , wife of Slobodan Milosevic , President of former Yugoslavia .
At a time when her husband was stirring up hatred between the different communities of his country , Mira decided that it was only appropriate that she publish her musings of such trivial matters as the flight of a butterfly .
What is more astonishing is that the Belgrade magazine Duga decided to publish her views on life in the Balkan state during the Bosnian war .
In time , she was diagnosed with schizophrenia and charged with fraud , but just like that butterfly she flew to Moscow where she lives under the protection of the Kremlin .
9 Nancy Reagan ’s Tryst with the Astrologer
After an unsuccessful attempt on the life of her beloved husband Ronald , Nancy Reagan turned to the unlikeliest of sources for comfort - an astrologer by the name of Joan Quigley .
Mrs. Quigley was consulted on the timing of all political events .
No public appearance was made if the charts predicted a bad omen , and she is said to have wielded a strong influence on the president ’s political decisions .
Her services were terminated and her charts disposed of when Donald Reagan was appointed as Chief of Staff , but a similar fate befell him after the Iran - Contra affair .
The Oracle had spoken .
8 Imelda Marcos and her Shoes
If Imelda Marcos wore a new pair of shoes everyday , it would take her about eight years to go through her collection .
With over 3000 shoes and a plethora of other expensive paraphernalia , Imelda ’s name has become synonymous with ostentation to an extent that a museum was dedicated only to her personals .
When asked to explain her extravagance against the backdrop of the grinding poverty of the Philippines she replied that she did it to be ‘ some kind of light , a star to give [ the poor ] guidelines . ’
What the guidelines were , we will never know .
7 Simone Duvalier and Slums
If marrying Papa Doc was not bad enough , Simone Duvalier or ‘ Mama Doc’ presided over a reign of terror with her husband as the helm .
She assumed the title of benefactor , dispensing wealth to build the ‘ Cite Simone . ’
The health minister of Haiti is supposed to have said that it was ‘ a large and magnificent piece of land ’ and gone so far as to build a medical social complex in a tribute to the Madame .
However , in an ironic twist of fate , the neighborhood developed into one of the biggest slums in the Northern Hemisphere .
Oh Simone , if you plan to name a whole neighborhood by your name , the least you can do is to upkeep it .
6 Cherie Blair ’s lifestyle expert
An unlikely twosome they made .
One was the wife of the British Prime Minister while the other was a topless model , but when Mrs.
Blair roped in Carole Caplin as a lifestyle adviser , little would you think that it included a re-birthing process which involved smearing food and mud over herself and her husband in a steam bath .
Furthermore , she attributed her fourth pregnancy to New Age Sexual techniques , also introduced to her by Caplin .
5 The Sunday Times ( Dis ) grace Mugabe
There are many adjectives one can use to describe the wife of Robert Mugabe , but the word ‘ grace ’ can hardly figure on that list .
On a holiday in Hong Kong , a reporter for the Sunday Times is said to have incensed her to such an extent that she decided to take matters into her own hands , punching and slapping him repeatedly .
The poor reporter is said to have suffered from cuts , abrasions , and bruises from head to face , caused by the diamond rings on her fingers .
Not the kind of splurging you would expect from the first lady of a country whose citizens depend on food aid , is it ?
4 Clarissa Eden ’s Road to the Suez
‘ In the past few weeks , I have really felt as if the Suez Canal is flowing through the living room ’ , quipped Clarissa Eden in support of her husband after Gemal Nasser had nationalized the waterway .
An uproar ensued and ultimately her husband resigned amid massive protests from the Labour party .
In time , she came around to say that it was an idiotic , silly comment , but the damage had been done .
She wanted her husband ’s political life to be seen not only through the ‘ prism of Suez ’ , but if only history is that kind .
3 Suha Arafat and Cancer
The First lady of Palestine , Suha Arafat was perhaps the unlikeliest candidate to assume the position of Arafat ’s wife .
Her enormous wealth , western education , Christian faith and not to mention the forty something years of difference that existed between her and her future husband would have seemed impediments to marriage , but ultimately love triumphed .
And as it is customary for the first lady to make clear her political inclinations , Suha went ahead and accused Israel of using poisonous gas against Palestinians which caused cancer .
Given the long history of the conflict it is folly to rule anything out , but poisonous gas and cancer ?
Sorbonne University must have some bad chemistry professors .
2 Sara Netanyahu Throws Shoes
The dubious honor of the first political shoe thrower went not to Muntadhar al - Zeidi ( George Bush ’s nemesis ) , but to Sara Netanyahu .
The third wife of Benjamin Netanyahu , Sara has long been associated with boisterousness .
One of her most infamous political gaffe was the shoe incident where she threw improperly shined shoes at her assistant and screamed “ If the prime minister were to have seen what you did to his shoes , he would have butchered you , butchered you !
You painted them , and now you have to pay for this . ”
Not the paragon of restraint the world was looking for to help Benjamin in his quest for peace .
1 Mrs Endara tells the teachers to stick it
Controversy seemed to follow Panama ’s first lady Ana Mae Endara .
Thirty years the junior of President Guillermo Endara , Ana Mae made sure she was in the news , albeit for the wrong reasons .
When she did not attend state funerals in green slackers or protest against the country ’s ‘ rubbish ’ judicial system , the first lady was telling people to stick votes up ‘ you know where . ’
Yes , really .
At least that is what she told 26,000 teachers when they threatened to vote against the ruling party in the forthcoming elections .
Perhaps the reason why her husband received 2.3 per cent of the vote the last time he contested in the general elections .
David Cameron added a former Cabinet minister , Sir George Young , to his front team today to add much needed " depth and experience " to the Tory leadership .
Sir George , who served in John Major ’s Cabinet as Transport Secretary from 1995 to 1997 , takes over as shadow leader of the Commons from Alan Duncan , who was sacked for saying during a secretly recorded interview that MPs are living on ‘ rations ’ .
Mr Cameron hinted in July that he wanted to bring some of the older Tories , who can remember what it was like to be in government , back into front line politics .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The promotion of 68 year old Sir George Young means that there are now three former Cabinet ministers in Mr Cameron ’s shadow cabinet .
The others are the shadow Foreign Secretary , William Hague , and the former Chancellor , Kenneth Clarke , brought back in January as Shadow Business Secretary .
Many other leading Tories were not even MPs when the last Conservative government fell in 1997 .
Mr Cameron , the Shadow Chancellor George Osborne , and the Shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling all entered the Commons in 2001 .
Labour MPs also quickly pointed out that swapping Mr Duncan for Sir George has added another old Etonian to the front line of the Conservative Party .
Sir George is a hereditary baronet who owes his title to the role that one of his forebears played in the Battle of Trafalgar , 204 years ago .
" David Cameron ’s love for Eton knows no limits , " the Labour MP Denis MacShane claimed today .
" He has removed good professional politicians like Alan Duncan and replaced them with southern constituency public school millionaires . "
But Mr Cameron insisted that Mr Duncan himself had agreed that he would have to move to more junior job after his gaffe .
" In George Young we have got someone of great talents , depth and experience , " he added
Known as the ‘ cycling baronet ’ , Sir George has always been on the liberal wing of the party .
Margaret
Thatcher kept him on the lowest rung of government for seven years , then sacked him in 1986 .
In July , David Cameron indicated that he wanted more experienced hands into his front bench , including Sir George .
Others he named were John Gummer , who was appointed party chairman by Margaret Thatcher 26 years ago , Peter Lilley , Social Security Secretary in 1992 - 97 , Stephen Dorrell , Health Secretary in 1995 - 97 , and James Arbuthnot , a former armed forces minister .
Mr Cameron made these comments at a time when he was being accused of using the row over MPs ’ expenses to rid himself of some of the Tory old guard , while protecting others of his own generation .
Old stagers such as Douglas Hogg , who tried to claim the cost of cleaning out his moat , and Sir Peter Viggers , who claimed for a duck house , have had to agree to stand down at the next election .
But Michael Gove , who claimed for £ 7,000 worth of luxury fittings for his Kensington home soon after becoming an MP in 2005 , and then transferred his allowance to a new house in Surrey , and claimed over £ 13,000 removal costs , remains a trusted member of the shadow Cabinet .
Here ’s a presentation of my new tool .
I called it Native Blocks .
It ’s a re-assembler basically .
Since a written presentation would take me too much time I prepared a video presentation .
Again , this is a pre-alpha .
This tool will soon support other technologies such as java , actionscript and maybe even x86 .
Right now it only supports .
NET ( and even .NET support will be hugely improved , like for instance supporting the direct modification of assemblies without having to use Rebel. NET ) .
The development of this tool depends mainly on the interest of people .
As I can be considered a student from now on , I would like to earn some extra money by writing tools such as this one .
I have still my job as consultant , but it ’s a very limited partime , because I just became a student .
This tool is in my opinion pretty good , it is not only good for deobfuscation purposes but also patching and assembling on the fly .
If this tool can be sold , then the support of technologies will depend on requests .
I think I ’ll add Java immediately and after that maybe x86/x64 .
Again it depends .
Suggestions and comments are welcome .
To Our Clients , Our Friends , Our Fellow Counsel and Our Community :
All of us are faced with an unprecedented crisis .
At Jacobs &
Dow we have taken steps to make sure that we can continue to service your legal needs during the entire epidemic , however long it lasts .
We have always been here for you and we are certainly not going to stop now .
NEW AND POTENTIAL INJURY CLIENTS :
If you are injured during the epidemic , if you have an automobile accident , if you fall , if you have been the victim of a personal injury , please contact us .
We have technology in place to meet you electronically and safely .
You do not need to come to our building for us to represent you .
We will reach out to you , let you know if we can help you , and do so to the best of our abilities , both during the coronavirus shutdown and afterward , until we resolve your case .
NEW AND POTENTIAL CRIMINAL DEFENSE CLIENTS :
If you are arrested , if you are contacted by the authorities during the epidemic , and you believe you may need criminal representation , please do not hesitate to call .
The police are continuing to make arrests .
The Courts are continuing to process the newly arrested , and to pursue their cases through the system .
We remain ready , willing and able to defend the accused to the best of our ability .
EXISTING CLIENTS :
If you are an existing client , we are continuing to work on your case , and to advance it to the best of our ability , until your case is settled or tried .
If you have questions about any aspect of your case , we encourage you to call us , email us , communicate with us .
We will respond promptly .
LAWYERS : If you are an attorney , adverse to us or otherwise , and you have any inquiries , requests , or needs , please reach out to us .
For many years we have strived to practice our profession with the highest degree of civility and collegiality .
That has not changed , and it is certainly not going to change now .
DOCTORS , MEDICAL PERSONNEL , POLICE , FIRE FIGHTERS AND OTHER FIRST RESPONDERS :
If you have a legal problem or a legal need , please do n’t hesitate to call .
Consultations are free .
We will answer your questions and try to support you to the best of our ability .
MEMBERS OF OUR COMMUNITY :
If you have legal problem , caused by coronavirus or otherwise , please call .
If we can help you , we will .
If we cannot help you , we will try our best to refer to an attorney who will .
We are in business to serve you .
We remain in business to serve you .
When the epidemic ends , we will continue to be here for you .
Good luck , and stay healthy .
Willie Dow , Jonathan Katz , Rosemarie Paine , Trisha Morris , Nick Presto , Joe Gasser and the paraprofessional staff at Jacobs & Dow , LLC
Chef
Introduction
Chef is a programming language in which programs look like recipes .
NEW : Additional syntax specifications added 17 July , 2003 , marked in red .
Fixed spelling of " liquefy " keyword .
Design Principles
Program recipes should not only generate valid output , but be easy to prepare and delicious .
Recipes may appeal to cooks with different budgets .
Recipes will be metric , but may use traditional cooking measures such as cups and tablespoons .
Language Concepts
Ingredients
All recipes have ingredients !
The ingredients hold individual data values .
All ingredients are numerical , though they can be interpreted as Unicode for I /O purposes .
Liquid ingredients will be output as Unicode characters , while dry or unspecified ingredients will be output as numbers .
Mixing Bowls and Baking Dishes
Chef has access to an unlimited supply of mixing bowls and baking dishes .
These can contain ingredient values .
The ingredients in a mixing bowl or baking dish are ordered , like a stack of pancakes .
New ingredients are placed on top , and if values are removed they are removed from the top .
Note that if the value of an ingredient changes , the value in the mixing bowl or baking dish does not .
The values in the mixing bowls and baking dishes also retain their dry or liquid designations .
Multiple mixing bowls and baking dishes are referred to by an ordinal identifier - " the 2nd mixing bowl " .
If no identifier is used , the recipe only has one of the relevant utensil .
Ordinal identifiers must be digits followed by " st " , " nd " , " rd " or " th " , not words .
Syntax Elements
The following items appear in a Chef recipe .
Some are optional .
Items must appear in the order shown below , with a blank line ( two newlines ) between each item .
Recipe Title
The recipe title describes in a few words what the program does .
For example : " Hello World Souffle " , or " Fibonacci Numbers with Caramel Sauce " .
The recipe title is always the first line of a Chef recipe , and is followed by a full stop .
recipe - title .
Comments
Comments are placed in a free - form paragraph after the recipe title .
Comments are optional .
Ingredient List
The next item in a Chef recipe is the ingredient list .
This lists the ingredients to be used by the program .
The syntax is
Ingredients .
[ initial - value ] [ [ measure - type ] measure ] ingredient - name
[ further ingredients ]
Ingredients are listed one per line .
The intial - value is a number , and is optional .
Attempting to use an ingredient without a defined value is a run-time error .
The optional measure can be any of the following :
g | kg | pinch[es ] :
These always indicate dry measures .
: These always indicate dry measures .
ml | l | dash[es ] :
These always indicate liquid measures .
: These always indicate liquid measures .
cup[s ] | teaspoon [s ] | tablespoon [s ] :
These indicate measures which may be either dry or liquid .
The optional measure - type may be any of the following :
heaped | level :
These indicate that the measure is dry .
The ingredient - name may be anything reasonable , and may include space characters .
The ingredient list is optional .
If present , it declares ingredients with the given initial values and measures .
If an ingredient is repeated , the new vaue is used and previous values for that ingredient are ignored .
Cooking Time
Cooking time : time ( hour[s ] | minute [s ] ) .
The cooking time statement is optional .
The time is a number .
Oven Temperature
Pre -heat oven to temperature degrees Celsius [ ( gas mark mark ) ] .
Some recipes require baking .
If so , there will be an oven temperature statement .
This is optional .
The temperature and mark are numbers .
Method
Method .
method statements
The method contains the actual recipe instructions .
These are written in sentences .
Line breaks are ignored in the method of a recipe .
Valid method instructions are :
Take ingredient from refrigerator .
This reads a numeric value from STDIN into the ingredient named , overwriting any previous value .
This reads a numeric value from STDIN into the named , overwriting any previous value .
Put ingredient into [ nth ] mixing bowl .
This puts the ingredient into the nth mixing bowl .
This puts the into the mixing bowl .
Fold ingredient into [ nth ] mixing bowl .
This removes the top value from the nth mixing bowl and places it in the ingredient .
This removes the top value from the mixing bowl and places it in the .
Add ingredient [ to [ nth ] mixing bowl ] .
This adds the value of ingredient to the value of the ingredient on top of the nth mixing bowl and stores the result in the nth mixing bowl .
This adds the value of to the value of the ingredient on top of the mixing bowl and stores the result in the mixing bowl .
Remove ingredient [ from [ nth ] mixing bowl ] .
This subtracts the value of ingredient from the value of the ingredient on top of the nth mixing bowl and stores the result in the nth mixing bowl .
This subtracts the value of from the value of the ingredient on top of the mixing bowl and stores the result in the mixing bowl .
Combine ingredient [ into [ nth ] mixing bowl ] .
This multiplies the value of ingredient by the value of the ingredient on top of the nth mixing bowl and stores the result in the nth mixing bowl .
This multiplies the value of by the value of the ingredient on top of the mixing bowl and stores the result in the mixing bowl .
Divide ingredient [ into [ nth ] mixing bowl ] .
This divides the value of ingredient into the value of the ingredient on top of the nth mixing bowl and stores the result in the nth mixing bowl .
This divides the value of into the value of the ingredient on top of the mixing bowl and stores the result in the mixing bowl .
Add dry ingredients [ to [ nth ] mixing bowl ] .
This adds the values of all the dry ingredients together and places the result into the nth mixing bowl .
This adds the values of all the dry ingredients together and places the result into the mixing bowl .
Liquefy | Liquify ingredient .
This turns the ingredient into a liquid , i.e. a Unicode character for output purposes .
( Note : The original specification used the word " Liquify " , which is a spelling error .
" Liquify " is deprecated .
Use " Liquefy " in all new code . )
This turns the ingredient into a liquid , i.e. a Unicode character for output purposes .
( Note : The original specification used the word " Liquify " , which is a spelling error .
" Liquify " is deprecated .
Use " Liquefy " in all new code . )
Liquefy | Liquify contents of the [ nth ] mixing bowl .
This turns all the ingredients in the nth mixing bowl into a liquid , i.e. a Unicode characters for output purposes .
This turns all the ingredients in the mixing bowl into a liquid , i.e. a Unicode characters for output purposes .
Stir [ the [ nth ] mixing bowl ] for number minutes .
This " rolls " the top number ingredients in the nth mixing bowl , such that the top ingredient goes down that number of ingredients and all ingredients above it rise one place .
If there are not that many ingredients in the bowl , the top ingredient goes to tbe bottom of the bowl and all the others rise one place .
This " rolls " the top ingredients in the mixing bowl , such that the top ingredient goes down that number of ingredients and all ingredients above it rise one place .
If there are not that many ingredients in the bowl , the top ingredient goes to tbe bottom of the bowl and all the others rise one place .
Stir ingredient into the [ nth ] mixing bowl .
This rolls the number of ingredients in the nth mixing bowl equal to the value of ingredient , such that the top ingredient goes down that number of ingredients and all ingredients above it rise one place .
If there are not that many ingredients in the bowl , the top ingredient goes to the bottom of the bowl and all the others rise one place .
This rolls the number of ingredients in the mixing bowl equal to the value of , such that the top ingredient goes down that number of ingredients and all ingredients above it rise one place .
If there are not that many ingredients in the bowl , the top ingredient goes to the bottom of the bowl and all the others rise one place .
Mix [ the [ nth ] mixing bowl ] well .
This randomises the order of the ingredients in the nth mixing bowl .
This randomises the order of the ingredients in the mixing bowl .
Clean [ nth ] mixing bowl .
This removes all the ingredients from the nth mixing bowl .
This removes all the ingredients from the mixing bowl .
Pour contents of the [ nth ] mixing bowl into the [ pth ] baking dish .
This copies all the ingredients from the nth mixing bowl to the pth baking dish , retaining the order and putting them on top of anything already in the baking dish .
This copies all the ingredients from the mixing bowl to the baking dish , retaining the order and putting them on top of anything already in the baking dish .
Verb the ingredient .
This marks the beginning of a loop .
It must appear as a matched pair with the following statement .
The loop executes as follows :
The value of ingredient is checked .
If it is non-zero , the body of the loop executes until it reaches the " until " statement .
The value of ingredient is rechecked .
If it is non -zero , the loop executes again .
If at any check the value of ingredient is zero , the loop exits and execution continues at the statement after the " until " .
Loops may be nested .
This marks the beginning of a loop .
It must appear as a matched pair with the following statement .
The loop executes as follows :
The value of is checked .
If it is non-zero , the body of the loop executes until it reaches the " until " statement .
The value of is rechecked .
If it is non -zero , the loop executes again .
If at any check the value of is zero , the loop exits and execution continues at the statement after the " until " .
Loops may be nested .
Verb [ the ingredient ] until verbed .
This marks the end of a loop .
It must appear as a matched pair with the above statement .
verbed must match the Verb in the matching loop start statement .
The Verb in this statement may be arbitrary and is ignored .
If the ingredient appears in this statement , its value is decremented by 1 when this statement executes .
The ingredient does not have to match the ingredient in the matching loop start statement .
This marks the end of a loop .
It must appear as a matched pair with the above statement .
must match the in the matching loop start statement .
The in this statement may be arbitrary and is ignored .
If the appears in this statement , its value is decremented by 1 when this statement executes .
The does not have to match the in the matching loop start statement .
Set aside .
This causes execution of the innermost loop in which it occurs to end immediately and execution to continue at the statement after the " until " .
This causes execution of the innermost loop in which it occurs to end immediately and execution to continue at the statement after the " until " .
Serve with auxiliary - recipe .
This invokes a sous - chef to immediately prepare the named auxiliary - recipe .
The calling chef waits until the sous - chef is finished before continuing .
See the section on auxiliary recipes below .
This invokes a sous - chef to immediately prepare the named .
The calling chef waits until the sous - chef is finished before continuing .
See the section on auxiliary recipes below .
Refrigerate [ for number hours ] .
This causes execution of the recipe in which it appears to end immediately .
If in an auxiliary recipe , the auxiliary recipe ends and the sous - chef 's first mixing bowl is passed back to the calling chef as normal .
If a number of hours is specified , the recipe will print out its first number baking dishes ( see the Serves statement below ) before ending .
Serves
The final statement in a Chef recipe is a statement of how many people it serves .
Serves number - of - diners .
This statement writes to STDOUT the contents of the first number - of - diners baking dishes .
It begins with the 1st baking dish , removing values from the top one by one and printing them until the dish is empty , then progresses to the next dish , until all the dishes have been printed .
The serves statement is optional , but is required if the recipe is to output anything !
Auxiliary Recipes
These are small recipes which are needed to produce specialised ingredients for the main recipe ( such as sauces ) .
They are listed after the main recipe .
Auxiliary recipes are made by sous - chefs , so they have their own set of mixing bowls and baking dishes which the head Chef never sees , but take copies of all the mixing bowls and baking dishes currently in use by the calling chef when they are called upon .
When the auxiliary recipe is finished , the ingredients in its first mixing bowl are placed in the same order into the calling chef 's first mixing bowl .
For example , the main recipe calls for a sauce at some point .
The sauce recipe is begun by the sous - chef with an exact copy of all the calling chef 's mixing bowls and baking dishes .
Changes to these bowls and dishes do not affect the calling chef 's bowls and dishes .
When the sous - chef is finished , he passes his first mixing bowl back to the calling chef , who empties it into his first mixing bowl .
An auxiliary recipe may have all the same items as a main recipe .
Sample Recipes
Chef on the Net
www.CuriousTaxonomy.net Curiosities of Biological Nomenclature Mark Isaak
Scientific names of organisms are not usually known for their entertainment value .
They are indispensable for clarity in communication , but most people skip over them with barely a glance .
Here I collect those names that are worth a second look .
Some names are interesting for what they are named after ( for example , Arthurdactylus conandoylensis , Godzillius ) , some are puns ( La cucaracha , Phthiria relativitae ) , and some show other kinds of wordplay ( such as the palindromic Orizabus subaziro ) .
Some have achieved notability through accident of history , and many show the sense of humor of taxonomists .
Home brings you back here .
Rules gives a brief overview of the rules governing biological naming ( and , along the way , includes several curious examples ) .
Etymology lists names that are notable for what they are named after .
Puns lists names which are unusual for how they sound .
Wordplay includes all unusual features of names other than their meaning and pronunciation .
Gene Names lists a few of the interesting names which have been given to genes .
Misc. includes things which do not fit elsewhere , including other curious biological terms , interesting stories about names , and some creative writing .
References includes also links , acknowledgements , and a list of the newest entries .
Feedback gives directions and requests to those who want to contact me .
The names which are recent additions to this collection will be shown in a brighter shade of red .
( How recent depends on how often I update .
I 'll try to keep the newest names distinctive for about a month . )
The most recent additions are also listed separately , with links to the page each appears on .
Last modified : .
© 2002 -2019 Mark Isaak .
All rights reserved .
Brad Friedman Byon
10/4/2009 , 12:25 pm PT
In advance of tomorrow 's related story [ Update : That story now posted here ] , I thought you might appreciate a quick look at the following if you 've never seen it before .
Diane Sawyer narrates the story of FBI translator - turned - whistleblower Sibel Edmonds as she was awarded the 2006 PEN / Newman 's Own First Amendment Award .
In the bargain , it 's also worth remembering that Sawyer herself is at least aware of Edmonds , who she is , and some of what she 's had to go through , further begging the question of why ABC News has failed to even note --- much less investigate and / or cover --- the recent revelations of bribery and blackmail of current and former U.S. Congressmembers and high - ranking State and Defense Department officials , and the theft and sale of nuclear secrets by agents of Turkey and Israel , as detailed in her sworn deposition in August , and remarkable AmCon cover - story interview which followed it late last month ...
The future is murky for oil production ( Image : DreamPictures / Getty )
The debate over exactly when we will reach “ peak oil ” is irrelevant .
No matter what new oil fields we discover , global oil production will start declining in 2030 at the very latest .
That ’s the conclusion of the most comprehensive report to date on global oil production , published on 7 October by the UK Energy Research Centre .
The report , which reviewed over 500 research studies , suggests that global oil production could peak any time from right now to as late as 2030 .
Advertisement
“ Either way , our research shows that the difference between even the most pessimistic and optimistic claims is just 15 to 20 years , ” says Steve Sorrell , the report ’s lead author , who is based at Sussex University in the UK .
This is a problem , says Sorrell , because 20 years is n’t long enough for governments to prepare well - thought - out policies that would tackle the economic chaos likely to occur when oil production begins to decline .
Research in 2005 by the US Department of Energy suggests that policies to reduce the demand for oil while developing large - scale alternatives will take at least two decades to bear fruit , he says .
New for old
Global production of oil is declining at a rate of 4 per cent per year in existing oil fields and we have very little to replace it with , says Sorrell : “ If we want to maintain global oil production at today ’s level we would need to discover the equivalent of a new Saudi Arabia every 3 years . ”
Yet discoveries of new oil fields are in decline .
Even the “ giant ” Tiber field recently found by BP in the Gulf of Mexico “ will only serve to delay peak oil by a matter of days ” , he says .
“ Of the 70,000 oil fields on Earth , just 100 giant fields account for 50 per cent of the oil we use , ” says Sorrell .
“ Most of these giant fields are quite old and past their peak of production , and we ’re not going to find many new ones . ”
The International Energy Agency ’s latest estimate is that that oil production will not peak until after 2030 , but that “ is conservative to say the least ” , Sorrell warns .
Une belle salope commençait à faire sa princesse avec moi en me donnant des ordres et en jouant avec moi .
Mais ça n'a pas duré , j'ai rapidement prit le dessus en la baisant comme une grosse pute pour lui apprendre la vie et le respect .
C'est ce qu'elle voulait depuis le début , mais j'ai fait le premier pas et elle a adoré ça .
Other implementations may appear in later versions of this manual .
Partial orders
It is anticipated that these macros will be used in wffs , e.g. , in the : definition argument to defrelation .
Having defined a relation , R , that is a partial order , one might use it for such purposes as :
( sort seq #'( lambda ( x y ) ( ?? R x y ) ) )
None of the arguments of these macros is evaluated .
We use the term " ordering expression " to mean any of the following :
the NAME of a relation that is a partial order
a description , ( ( v1 v2 ) s.t. ... ) , that is a partial order
a list whose macroexpansion is an ordering expression
Macro ( inverse - order ordering - expression )
This is just the inverse relation of the argument - if the argument relates x to y then the inverse relates y to x .
Macro ( priority - order ordering - expression + )
A priority order P is a sequence of partial orders .
The priority order relates x to y , if there is some member of the sequence that relates x to y , and no earlier member relates y to x .
Macro ( order - by - class class - expression {ordering - expression} )
A class - based ordering C causes members of the class ( type ) denoted by class - expression to precede non-members .
Two members of the class are ordered with respect to one another by the order denoted by ordering - expression , if it is provided .
Specifically , C relates x to y if and only if either , x is a member of the designated class and y is not , or both x and y are members of the class , and ordering - expression relates x to y .
Class - expression may be either the name of a unary relation or a unary description .
The default ordering - expression is the empty ordering -- ( ( x y ) s.t. false ) .
Macro ( image - order ordering - expression image - relation )
The image order orders values indirectly in terms of an ordering on values to which they are related .
Image - relation may be the name of a binary relation or may be a binary description .
Let R be the relation denoted by image - relation , and O be the relation denoted by ordering - expression .
The image order relates x to y if and only if
( E ( x ' y ' ) ( and ( O x ' y ') ( R x x ' ) ( R y y ' ) ) )
Macro ( Lexicographic - order ordering - expression )
A lexicographic order orders sequences in terms of an ordering on their positionally corresponding members .
Suppose O is the partial order denoted by ordering - expression , and x and y are sequences ( lists or vectors ) .
Then the lexicographic order relates x to y if , there is some index , i , such that O relates the i'th element of x to the i'th element of y , and for all smaller indices , j , the j'th elements of x and y are not related ( in either order ) by O .
Macro ( literal - order equivalence .
values )
A literal order orders the elements of values according to their position in the list .
It relates x to y if the first occurrence of x precedes the first occurrence of y in values , or if x occurs in values and y does not .
Equivalence must be the name of an equivalence relation , or a binary description that satisfies the axioms for being an equivalence relation .
It is used to define occurrence in the list .
( See Equivalence . )
Rules , Constraints and Atomic Transitions
The Atomic construct provides control over the size of database updates .
The lisp macro
Macro ( atomic form * {ifabort abortform*} {ifnormal normalform *} )
evaluates form * in order ( barring an abort , described below ) .
However , all attempts to update the database are held off until the end , at which time they are all done " at once " .
This means that no rule can react to a situation in which some but not all of these changes have been made .
Every primitive update , u ( a ++ or -- ) is semantically equivalent to ( Atomic u ) .
As a first order approximation ( refined below ) , we can view an AP5 program as doing a sequence of atomic updates :
( loop while t do ( atomic ... ) )
( let ( automation - queue ) [ do atomic update ] ( loop while automation - queue do ( funcall ( pop automation - queue ) ) ) )
Furthermore , AP5 expands each ( do atomic update ) into an inner loop something like :
( loop until [ proposed atomic update consistent ] do [ attempt to fix atomic update ]
At any time inside the form * of an atomic , execution of the macro
Macro ( abort tag format - string . objects )
will cause an exit to the ( outermost ) atomic , with no changes to the database .
In this case the elements of abortform * for that atomic are evaluated , and the value(s ) of the last returned from the atomic .
These may refer to
Variable abortdata
This is bound to a list which starts with the arguments to abort , and then contains additional information ( which we will try to formalize in a later edition of this manual ) , including the data built up so far to represent this transition in the global - history list , documented in the section on transition history .
The default ifabort code calls error on the arguments to abort , excluding the tag .
The idea is that the tag should be used by abortform * as a classification of the problem , so it can decide how to recover .
Of course , it is free to use any other data returned from the abort as well .
For atomics without ifabort forms , including database updates that are not contained in an explicit atomic , the format - string provides a way to describe to the user what went wrong .
The following macro is useful for debugging aborted updates :
Macro ( from - abort {( { : abortdata abortdata} {:updatestatus updatestatus} { :delta delta} ) } . body )
In its simplest form , when you 're in an error caused by an abort ( so abortdata is bound ) , ( From - Abort ( ) ) simply puts you in the context of the abort and executes ( BREAK ) .
This allows you to evaluate expressions from the " last " inconsistent state before the abort .
Updates are not allowed .
A saved previous value of abortdata may be used as the value of abortdata and forms to be evaluated in the aborted context may also be supplied .
There are also facilities for retrying and correcting aborted transitions .
These are not detailed here because we hope they will be self explanatory .
If there is no abort , then after the database is updated , normalform * is executed and the values of the last are returned from the atomic .
If no normalforms are supplied , the values of the successful atomic are those of the last of form * .
Within an atomic , ( Atomic form * ifabort abortform * ifnormal normalform * ) is equivalent to ( progn form * normalform * ) , i.e. , any abort will escape to the outermost atomic .
Since atomics are dynamically scoped , the same piece of code might have different effects depending on whether it is executed from inside an atomic .
Macro ( insist { explanation - string} . wff )
will cause the atomic to abort ( in the end ) if wff would not be true in the resulting database .
This wff may refer to runtime values which are computed at the time of the insist .
For example , if one has the lisp variable x bound to an object which should end up being in relation R , ( Insist ( R x ) ) will make sure that it is .
The explanation is simply used as an error message if the wff turns out to be false .
Macro ( inatomic )
returns a non-NIL value if executed inside an atomic and NIL otherwise .
In particular , you can write code that is not allowed to be executed as part of an atomic by doing ( when ( InAtomic ) ( Abort ... ) ) .
Although we do n't expect it to be needed very often , we mention that at the top level of an outermost atomic , the symbol REVEAL allows things that are done afterward in the atomic to " see the effects " of updates done before the reveal .
The effects do not include any rules that would react to those changes .
This might be useful if , for example , you want to create a rule and , in the same atomic transition , assert something about that rule .
If you do
( atomic ( defautomation rule1 ... ) (++ P ( theonly r s.t. ( rulename r ' rule1 ) ) ) )
( atomic ( defautomation rule1 ... ) reveal (++ P ( theonly r s.t. ( rulename r ' rule1 ) ) ) )
For now we consider it an error for reveal to be used anywhere other than the top level of an outermost atomic .
We may later define what it means in inner atomics , in consistency rule responses , etc .
Examining and undoing history
Function ( history ...)
is the history browser .
It uses the * query - io* stream to display information , ask questions and get answers .
Many print control parameters can be set interactively .
Initial values for these parameters can be passed in as keyword arguments .
These default to the values of special variables which can be set or bound in order to make defaults more permanent .
The browser offers two types of " undo " , which we 'll call " forward " and " backward " .
Backward undoing corresponds to " going back in time " .
Only the most recent event can be undone backward , after which it is " forgotten " and the previous event can be undone backwards .
Backward undoing ignores rules .
Undoing " forward " means doing a new atomic update with the opposite effect of the current event : delete all the stored tuples added and add all the stored tuples deleted .
Forward undo's are done with rules in effect .
Any event may be undone forward ( and in fact the undo may later be undone ) .
Note , however , that forward undo's may abort or trigger automations .
Note :
See the note in the section about decaching .
If you plan to back up to a particular point , another mechanism is more useful :
Function ( history - label name )
creates an event labelled with name .
Function ( undo - to name )
undoes ( backward ) all events back to ( and including ) the one labelled with name .
This facility is used to provide a database transaction macro :
Macro ( transaction {label} . body )
If the first item in a transaction is a symbol then it is treated as a history label for the beginning of the transaction .
A transaction may not be executed inside an atomic .
It may contain atomic transactions to be executed sequentially .
At any time inside a transaction the form :
Macro ( abort - transaction . values )
will cause any transitions done inside the innermost transaction to be undone , and the values will be returned as the values of the transaction .
If no AbortTransaction ( or throw outside the transaction ) is done , the values of the last form in the transaction are used as the values of the transaction .
N.B. Any non-local transfer of control from inside a transaction to outside causes an abort - transaction .
Macro ( intransaction )
returns T from inside a transaction , NIL otherwise .
Transactions may be nested .
Consistency Rules
Intuitively we want atomic transitions to be augmented only with updates that are needed to satisfy the constraints .
Unfortunately there may be alternative ways to satisfy this informal specification .
It is also desirable for the augmentation to be easily predicted by the programmer ( it helps for it to be deterministic ) and relatively efficient for the machine to compute .
We provide here a heuristic approximation that in practice seems to meet these requirements .
When a set of changes is proposed as an atomic transition , AP5 determines whether the state resulting from that set of changes would be consistent ( satisfy all constraints ) .
If so , the changes are made and the transition is complete .
Otherwise , the consistency rules associated with the threatened constraints ( those that would be violated by the proposed transition ) are executed in an environment that allows access to both the ( inconsistent ) proposed state and the ( consistent ) current state .
The rules do not see augmentations proposed by other rules .
If no rules propose any augmentations , the transition aborts ( since it 's inconsistent and nothing can be done to fix it ) .
If any rule proposes an augmentation that 's incompatible with another proposed update ( either original or augmentation ) , the transition aborts .
Otherwise , all the proposed augmentations are made to the proposed set of updates and the result is proposed as an atomic transition ( which may trigger more consistency rules ) .
This algorithm is deterministic ( if the rules are deterministic ) and in fact the result does not depend on the order in which the rules are considered .
However infinite loops are possible , e.g. , if there 's a rule which reacts to the addition of R( n ) for any integer n by adding R( n+1 ) .
Next , it is obvious ( but important to understand ) that the code in a consistency rule must be able to tolerate an inconsistent database .
Also , when several cycles of consistency rules are needed , the cycle in which something happens ( and thus the length of the path from one rule to another ) can make a difference .
As an example , suppose we start in a situation where the ( unary ) relation P is everywhere false .
There are two rules , R1 and R2 .
R1 requires that
( A ( x ) ( implies ( P x ) ( E ( y ) ( Q y ) ) ) ) .
It reacts to a threat of violation by doing (++ Q 1 ) .
R2 requires that ( A ( x ) ( implies ( P x ) ( Q x ) ) ) , and reacts to a threat of violation ( for x ) by doing ( ++ Q x ) .
Clearly , if we do ( ++ P 2 ) , the reaction of rule R2 will in some sense make the action of R1 unnecessary .
However , the presence of both rules will cause the addition of two instances of Q. suppose , however , that R1 had been replaced by two rules , R1a and R1b , which communicate through a new relation P1 : R1a requires that ( A ( x ) ( implies ( P x ) ( P1 x ) ) ) , and reacts by doing ( ++ P1 x ) , while R1b requires that ( A ( x ) ( implies ( P1 x ) ( E ( y ) ( Q y ) ) ) ) , and reacts by doing (++ Q 1 ) .
Now if we do (++ P 2 ) , only one instance of Q will be added .
Rule R1a will be triggered and will cause ( P1 2 ) to be added , but after that , R1b will never be triggered , due to the addition of ( Q 2 ) .
One particularly important case is that if a rule creates some new object , and it is important that it not create two such objects , then its action should prevent it from triggering ( as opposed to making an update that will cause some other rule to do something that will prevent it from triggering ) .
Of course , if the action can be done many times without causing any trouble , such as making the same assertion , then a long path ( in terms of consistency cycles ) to the solution ( in the sense that the rule will no longer trigger ) still works .
Another point is that the inability to remove an update from a transition sometimes necessitates the toleration of redundancy .
As an example , suppose we have a stored relation ( R x y ) , but we really only want to access its transitive closure , R* .
Then we might want to try to keep R minimal , in the sense that there 's no need to store ( R x y ) when ( R* x y ) can be derived in its absence .
However , a rule that prohibited such redundancy would prevent otherwise legal updates , such as
( atomic ( ++ R a b ) (++ R b c ) (++ R a c ) )
( R a c )
note :
We are considering how to provide the ability to install such a " preprocessor " for derived relations , but this is not yet provided .
In order to decide how to react to an inconsistent set of proposed changes , a consistency rule may want to see what has changed .
For example , one interpretation of the constraint that nobody have more than one office is that whenever an office is given to a person , if he already had another office then he should be required to vacate it .
In order to see what is changed , consistency rules are allowed to use a limited form of temporal reference in the wffs that they use for database access .
In particular , the two special forms
( Previously wff ) and
( Start wff )
are allowed as wffs .
In the absence of these temporal operators a wff refers to the proposed , possibly inconsistent state .
Previously refers to the ( consistent ) state before the atomic transition started .
( Start wff ) means ( and wff ( not ( Previously wff ) ) ) , i.e. , the wff is proposed to become true .
Temporal reference is allowed in the following places :
In reactions of consistencyrules
In triggers of consistency and automation rules ( introduced below )
In functions for generating automation invocations
In Trigger code ( introduced later )
Macro ( previously . body )
is also defined as a lisp macro .
The forms are evaluated as of the previous state .
The macro generates an error if executed outside one of the situations ( listed above ) where temporal reference is allowed .
There are subtle differences between consistency rules that maintain time sensitive as opposed to time insensitive conditions .
For example , if we prohibit ( Start P ) , P is allowed to be true , but it may not become true after having been false .
Also , the knowledge that a time insensitive wff was true ( or false ) before means that certain things need not be checked .
For example , if we prohibit ( E ( x ) ( P x ) ) , then whenever P becomes true of anything , the condition becomes violated .
On the other hand , if we prohibit ( Start ( E ( x ) ( P x ) ) ) , then as long as there is already an example of P , adding a new one will not violate the condition .
The great majority of consistency triggers will not use Start .
The normal ways to declare constraints are :
Macro ( alwaysrequired name trigger {:repair repair} {:enforcement - level enforcement} {:reporter reporter} {:documentation documentation} )
Macro ( neverpermitted name trigger {:repair repair} {:enforcement - level enforcement} {:reporter reporter} {:documentation documentation} )
The only difference is that AlwaysRequired creates a rule that reacts when the condition is ( about to be ) false , while NeverPermitted reacts when it 's true .
Functions can create rules with computed names , triggers , etc. by calling the following versions defined as functions rather than macros :
Function ( alwaysrequire name trigger reaction enforcement {:reporter reporter} {:documentation documentation} )
Function ( neverpermit name trigger reaction enforcement {:reporter reporter} {:documentation documentation} )
The macro versions do more at compile time ( an advantage when you compile to a file ) .
They also compile reactions that are specified as lambda - expressions .
Name is a symbol , trigger is a wff , and reaction is a lisp function .
The rule may be interpreted as meaning that the wff should never be true ( for neverpermitted ) or false ( for alwaysrequired ) .
If it threatens to become true , then the reaction is executed in an attempt to " repair " the problem .
If the trigger has the form ( E vars ... ) for neverpermitted or ( A vars ... ) for alwaysrequired ( or macroexpands to such a form ) , then every binding of vars which serves as an example ( and thus violates the constraint ) will be passed to a separate invocation of the reaction .
The reaction function is meant to do something to maintain the constraint ( for this binding of vars ) .
Function ( ignore ... )
is a function which does nothing with any number of arguments .
This is useful as a reaction if you do n't have a reaction to propose but do not want to automatically abort ( it 's possible that another rule might fix the problem ) .
Enforcement is one of { : total , : incremental , : none } , indicating the degree to which AP5 enforces the constraint .
Total means that when the constraint is declared , AP5 checks to see that it is satisfied , [ Actually , total means to insist that the constraint be satisfied in the state resulting from the addition of the rule . ] and also notices ( and takes the appropriate action ) when it is about to be violated .
Incremental means that AP5 assumes the constraint to be satisfied when it is declared but watches for violations .
[ In different versions , the rule itself may become active at different times , e.g. , only after the atomic transition is complete , or after the consistency cycle in which the ( proposed ) database contains the rule .
Of course , in the second case , it will be deactivated by an abort . ]
None means that AP5 simply assumes the constraint is always satisfied .
Other enforcement levels may be supported in the future .
Different levels are useful because sometimes it is impossible , impractical or unnecessary to enforce a constraint .
The AP5 compiler will feel free to make use of constraints as assumptions , even if it is not enforcing them .
Reporter allows you to specify a function for reporting failures of consistency rules .
If an atomic transition aborts because some rules could not be satisfied and if no IFABORT was supplied , this rule - specific error - reporting code is used ( if present ) to print error messages .
The arguments to this function are the same as those for the reaction of the rule .
There 's a constraint that only one rule have a given name .
If you try to name a new rule with the same name as an old one , the old rule is deleted .
Ruletriggers are like wffdefns in that they are not allowed to contain arbitrary lisp forms to be evaluated .
All arguments to relations must be bound variables or constants .
( However , see the description of Memo . )
The RuleTrigger and Constraint - Enforcement - Level cannot be altered ( other than by creating or destroying the rule ) .
If you want to change them , you can redeclare the rule ( with different values in those slots ) , which will have the effect of replacing the rule .
Example :
( neverpermit ' Two - offices - for - same - person '( E ( x y person ) ( and ( Office person x ) ( Office person y ) ( not ( eql x y ) ) ) ) #'( lambda ( x y person ) ( declare ( ignore x ) ) ( when ( ??
Previously ( Office person y ) ) (-- Office person y ) ) ) : incremental : reporter # '( lambda ( ignore ignore2 person ) ( declare ( ignore ignore ignore2 ) ) ( format * error - output * " ~ A should not have two offices " person ) ) )
Note that when a state is proposed in which p has two offices , the rule will trigger twice - each office has a turn at being both x and y .
If both offices are new , there is no reaction , and the condition remains violated - which causes an abort .
An alternative reaction could have been
( when ( ?? Start ( Office person x ) ) ( -- Office person y ) )
Several constraint idioms have been identified .
These have been ( or will be ) made into relations :
subtype constraints , e.g. , every integer is a number - these are discussed in the chapter on types
type constraints on relations , e.g. , the FirstName relation would only relate people to strings - these are also discussed in the chapter on types .
disjoint types , e.g. , nothing is both a symbol and a number - these will again be described in the chapter on types .
count restrictions , e.g. , no person can have more than one spouse
Notes :
- Declaration of a rule involves compiling various pieces of triggering code .
This tends to take some time .
- It may also generate errors ( aborts ) on the grounds that the rule cannot be triggered or tested .
In some cases it may actually be possible to do what AP5 says it cannot , and I 'm willing to see examples .
In other cases it is not possible , and so the rule cannot be implemented , at least with the current implementations of the relations involved .
See the section on large wffs .
Consistency Checkers
Type ( consistencychecker rule )
means that rule is one of these generalized constraints .
Such rules may be declared by the macro
Macro ( defconsistencychecker name description response {:reporter reporter} {:documentation documentation} )
Description is either a description that could be used as an automation rule trigger ( see the section on automations ) , or the special description " ( nil s.t. true ) " .
On every consistency cycle , every match of the description causes an invocation of response .
Unlike a consistency rule , the fact that such an invocation takes place does not necessarily mean that a constraint has been violated .
That is decided by the response .
Like a consistency response , the response may make updates , do insist 's and even abort .
If it makes updates ( even noops ) AP5 considers the current situation to be inconsistent , i.e. , it violates the constraint represented by this rule .
Otherwise , if the value of the response is NIL , AP5 considers the rule to be satisfied , and any other value indicates that it is violated .
This mechanism is clearly more general than consistency rules , but is usually not needed .
Also , consistency rules have the advantage that the constraint is explicit in the trigger , while for consistency checkers the constraint is at least partly in the lisp code .
Count Constraints
Cardinality ( or " count " ) constraints express facts such as " every employee has at most one office " , or " every employee has at least one office " .
The general form is :
For every n- tuple of objects , [ x 1 , ... , x n ] of types t 1 , ... , t n ( actually , descriptions can be used as well as types ) , there are count - restriction m+n- tuples in the relation R , which can be formed by inserting m arbitrary objects in specified positions in [ x 1 , ... , x n ] .
The types and the positions at which objects are to be inserted are specified by " patterns " which are lists of length m+n , which must be the arity of R .
The elements of the list are either types or descriptions , or the symbol OUTPUT which stands for an inserted object .
The currenly supported values for count - restriction are :
: none
There are no such tuples , e.g. , while employees may in general be assigned secretaries , there should not be any secretaries who have secretaries : the constraint for the pattern ( SECRETARY OUTPUT ) is : none .
There are no such tuples , e.g. , while employees may in general be assigned secretaries , there should not be any secretaries who have secretaries : the constraint for the pattern ( SECRETARY OUTPUT ) is : none .
: multiple
The relation must contain at least one tuple , e.g. , if every employee has an office , the constraint for the pattern ( EMPLOYEE OUTPUT ) would be : multiple .
The relation must contain at least one tuple , e.g. , if every employee has an office , the constraint for the pattern ( EMPLOYEE OUTPUT ) would be : multiple .
:optional
The relation must contain at most one tuple , e.g. , if no employee can have more than one office , the constraint for the pattern ( EMPLOYEE OUTPUT ) would be :optional .
Of course , " none " implies " optional " , and " multiple " is incompatible with " none " .
However , " multiple " and " optional " are independent .
This leads to two more possible cases :
: unique Exactly one ( both multiple and optional ) , e.g. , every person has one office .
Exactly one ( both multiple and optional ) , e.g. , every person has one office .
: any
No constraint , e.g. , a person can have any number of children .
Examples :
if we want to restrict the relation Works - On %( person , project , number ) so that every employee works some amount on some project , the count - restriction would be : multiple and the pattern would be ( employee output output ) , i.e. , for every employee there is at least one project and number such that Works - On %( employee , project , number ) .
If we want to say that there can be no more than one number for any given person and project , we can use the pattern ( employee project output ) and the count - restriction : optional .
Cardinality constraints are usually declared as part of a relation declaration , with the : count argument of DefRelation .
In fact , the value of this parameter is , in effect , the result of appending together a bunch of argument lists to the Restrict - Cardinality macro described below ( except that the name of the relation being declared is left out ) .
Macro ( restrict - cardinality relname pattern {:countspec countspec} {:enforcement enforcement} {:replacing replacing} {: default default} { : too - many - repair too - many - repair} {: too - few - repair too - few - repair} {:delete-any- other - countspecs delete-any- other -countspecs} )
is the macro that declares count constraints .
Relname is the name of a relation and pattern is a list , each element of which is a typename , description , or the symbol output .
Countspec is one of { : any , :unique , :optional , : multiple , : none }. Enforcement is an enforcement level .
The default countspec is : any and the default enforcement is :incremental .
If countspec is either : optional or :unique , and replacing is non-NIL , then the rule will have a reaction that deletes old tuples in order to " make room for " new ones .
For example , giving a person a new name will cause his old name to be removed if the constraint is declared as replacing .
The other side of the coin is that if countspec is either : unique or : multiple , the default parameter can be used to provide a reaction function capable of supplying one or more tuples when the constraint is violated .
The default function will be applied to an N - tuple of values that are instances of the types named in the N typed slots of the pattern .
It should return , as multiple values , zero or more M- tuples , each M - tuple containing a value for each of the M OUTPUT slots of the pattern .
The M+N tuple formed by merging the input with the outputs of the function will be added to the database as the reaction .
[ If the function wishes to supply NO tuples in a particular case , it should return NO values , not return NIL . ]
Other reaction code can be supplied via the arguments Too - Many - Repair and Too - Few - Repair .
( Unique constraints are represented as two rules , so both reactions can be specified independently . )
The default reactions do nothing .
In the case of Too - Many - Repair violation of an upper bound constraint will result in application of the function .
If countspec is : optional , it will be applied to the N values corresponding to the typed pattern elements for which there are too many tuples .
If countspec is : none , it will be applied to N+M values .
They will be the slots of a tuple that violates the constraint .
The arguments will be passed in the order of the slots of the relation , immaterial of which slots in the pattern were typed and which were OUTPUT .
The function , like any other reaction function , may assert and retract facts to reestablish consistency .
[ The Replacing keyword is a special case of a Too - Many - Repair ; it is an error to have non-NIL values for both keywords . ]
In the case of Too - Few - Repair , the violation of a MULTIPLE constraint will result in application of the function to N values -- the same ones described above for a Default function .
The function , like any other reaction function , may assert and retract facts to reestablish consistency .
[ The Default keyword is a special case of a Too - Few - Repair ; it is an error to have non-NIL values for both keywords . ]
Delete - any - other - countspecs may be T , NIL , or a list of patterns .
T means the same thing as ( list pattern ) .
The meaning is that all count constraints for this relation except those for the patterns listed are to be removed .
However NIL means not to remove any other constraints .
In order to find out what cardinality constraints apply in a given case , the following are provided :
Function ( cardinality - of - pattern rel - or - name pattern )
Function ( cardinality - for - tuple rel - or - name i-o- pattern {output - indicator} )
The first accepts a relation and pattern and returns a countspec that is implied by existing count constraints .
The second is similar but the pattern is altered in that all the types are replaced by objects and the " output " slots are identified by being EQ to output - indicator , which defaults to the symbol OUTPUT but can be supplied if that is one of the objects you want to pass in .
This returns a countspec for those particular objects , sort of like asking about all the tuples of the types of those objects and merging the results .
A blog about my working holiday in Oz
READER COMMENTS ON
" E- Voting Code to Receive ' First - Ever ' Public Scrutiny Following Public Records Request "
( 14 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 10/21/2009 @ 12:07 am PT ...
hmmmmmmm ...
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 10/21/2009 @ 12:31 am PT ...
And ... while geeks " grok " the code ...
Nobody is looking into the hardware at the doping level .
Massive fail .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Jim March said on 10/21/2009 @ 2:35 am PT ...
The voting systems themselves and the oversight process behind them at the federal and state levels is most definitely a fail .
But there 's a lot to be learned here .
A whole lot .
For example : say you vote a write - in in one race .
Anybody checking the database internally can , according to a couple of people who 've looked at this so far ( full confirmation needed ! ) , figure out exactly who or what else you voted for , in every race .
So if you use your own name as a write - in for a downticket race , you can sell your vote .
I do n't think that 's allowed , folks .
Certainly worth knowing , eh ?
And there 's much , much more .
With that said : it turns out I somehow screwed up the loading of the files on my machine , and so did at least one other person .
Turns out the files were NOT vandalized by Sequoia and CAN be read as actual data in a database .
That 's apparently the biggest mistake I made so far .
The problem with doing a totally public analysis like this is that my own warts can appear .
So be it ... especially where voting systems are concerned , public exams are the moral way to go .
And at least I put the word " apparently " or the like right next to " vandalize " .
On the other hand , we do seem to be looking at an incompetent attempt to redact source code .
Look at the data using Microsoft tools and yeah , it looks like they 're gone .
More or less by accident , the source code reveal I pulled off was a lot like " un-erasing " files .
In other words , you give a " delete " command , the computer does n't do so fully and the data can still be recovered .
That 's a bigger " oops " on Sequoia 's part than anything I 've done .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... zapkitty said on 10/21/2009 @ 11:51 am PT ...
Want to bet that there are n't 5 Supreme Court
justices who will say that " the attempt
equals the deed " and then rule that you are
illegally in possession of proprietary data
via , let 's say , a DMCA infringement ?
Go ahead and bet ...
I need money for margarita mix , tequila , and salt & vinegar chips
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 10/21/2009 @ 12:05 pm PT ...
http://www.voteinfo.net/...8-Statement_Of_Votes.pdf page 55 shows moreno valley ( in the totals ) with 0 registered voters but 1 ballot cast page 53 shows same @ 52337 moreno valley / 3 this is what i call an " impossible number " , my working theory is an impossible number is a " tag " for an inaccurate command
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Lani Brown said on 10/21/2009 @ 12:28 pm PT ...
I responded to a " proprietary software " comment on another site / different topic earlier .
So I 've had a little more time to think about it , other than my terse remark that went something like , " What are they hiding ? "
But there 's more to it than that .
Any other software engineers out there ?
( Jim , you are , yes ? )
First , the code you 're looking at here may not be the code running your election .
But more to the proprietary issue .
Bottom line is even if you 're working with really complex systems , it 's much easier to start from the beginning and code your own stuff than it is to lift someone else 's code .
Speaking of warts and wrinkles !
It 's a lot easier to fix the one 's you know than to find and repair the other guys ' .
So all the proprietary hype , is just that .
Hype .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Roy Lipscomb said on 10/21/2009 @ 3:14 pm PT ...
Tech journalist David M. Williams at iTWire.com
investigated the recently released Sequoia database
and concluded that it was not vandalized and does
not contain " election control " code .
See his
article at
http://www.itwire.com/co...ent/view/28715/1141/1/2/
Does he have a good case ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 10/21/2009 @ 5:01 pm PT ...
Roy , from what I see from David M Williams @ iTWire.com you mentioned .
( by the way this is why I wo n't even bother with this code , there 's much better people at finding such problems than myself ) anyway , Dave said this " Within table VOTER we find records of voters but with such non-identifying fields as VOTER_ID , SERIAL_NUMBER and PRECINCT_ID .
I can tell you that VOTER_ID 885 has SERIAL_NUMBER 41970 and is in PRECINCT_ID 594 but that does n’t tell me who the person is or who they voted for , or even if they voted at all . "
And then goes on to kind of make it look like there 's no problem here .
But there is a problem dave , you said it yourself .
" that does n’t tell me who the person is or who they voted for , or even if they voted at all . "
That my friend is a " broken chain of custody ! " if it 's as you put it .
And dave , on the hardware side , your going to find all electronic vote tabulation devices have this same underlying problem .
In the case of hardware you can't see the signal representing the vote .
Or was dave physically present when the chips were doped ?
How does dave know no bad logic is inside each chip with it 's pretty little part number stamped on top ?
Unless you destroy every chip under an electron microscope and reverse engineer the results you would n't know dave .
Oh but the reality is all devices would then have to be destroyed for that to take place .
Also notice finally dave , I specifically say , " electronic vote tabulation device " if it 's used to count votes it does n't matter what kind of ceramic , silicon , ttl , cmos , asic , whatever the hell they put in it .
It 's irrelevant the arrangement of chips .
Not even the power supply is monitored for anomalies .
It 's because we can't .
Which means poll watchers can't .
No open source will help because of what it runs on which is invisible .
If I was a poll watcher the very first electronic vote tabulation device / machine I came across , I would have raised the issue and stuck to it on these points alone , until the machine was replaced with paper ballots which are physically watched by humans in an " unbroken chain of custody . "
Physically seeing paper ballots humans can do , seeing electronic signals humans can not do .
The software and firmware does n't matter in this light .
I know OVC means well but they got to understand in the world of physics , code becomes irrelevant .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Roy Lipscomb said on 10/22/2009 @ 12:18 pm PT ...
Phil ,
Your argument for not depending on vote - tabulating equipment is sound ( though I do n't agree we should be able to ascertain how any individual citizen voted ) .
However , that 's not what Dave was disputing .
He was disputing whether there was any computer code in the database as released to the EDA .
But the point is now moot .
Sequoia has now officially admitted that the database contained computer code , though not code for voting - machines .
Here 's a quote from Sequoia 's statement , as reported at http://www.kesq.com/Global/story.asp?S=11357302
There was no source code related to the voting machines - the code that actually counts votes - released or any front - end Election Management System code .
Essentially only small portions of ballot layout , accumulation and reporting code were present in this database that Sequoia provided to Riverside County .
[ Emphasis added . ]
Does this leave Sequoia in the clear ?
Not necessarily .
Software of all types is subject to error .
That includes the software that Sequoia mentions above .
In particular , there have been reports of ballots laid out on a computer that were laid out incorrectly , and other reports of votes being accumulated incorrectly .
Admittedly , operator error was the commonly reported cause of these problems .
But can anyone claim that this type of software has always been without flaws , detected or as yet undetected ?
So the code fragments in the EDA 's possession may still be worthy of study , even if they do n't control voting machines .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Jim March said on 10/22/2009 @ 7:21 pm PT ...
But there 's more to it than that .
Any other software engineers out there ?
( Jim , you are , yes ? )
Not exactly .
I 'm more a sysadmin sort of geek and somewhat out of date unless we 're talking about recent Linux desktop setups .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 10/23/2009 @ 6:42 am PT ...
Jim March , technically I have the data book collection of a " hardware engineer " while my asm skills are in fact rusty now .
It still does n't change the basic concepts of how a chip is manufactured and how signals effect the chip .
While it just takes me forever ( literally ) to program such devices .
It does n't change the knowledge burned into my brain .
Roy Lipscomb said ,
" I do n't agree we should be able to ascertain how any individual citizen voted ) . "
I agree Roy .
It 's called transparency .
Did I say we should show such data ?
My bad .
I did n't mean to say that .
I guess I really am burned out .
If you look really carefully at what " I have been saying for years now " , the only one who SHOULD know is the voter .
" Voter Validated "
But with the use of electronic signals through a plethora of unknown silicone logic the voter can NEVER know what his own vote was .
Or if it even was counted .
" Broken Chain of Custody "
With paper ballots , the voter can watch the " metal box " he dropped his ballot into .
So I think we are on the same page here .
But since I been typing this so many times since 2004 I have become sloppy in explaining it .
I 'm burned out frankly .
Outlawing electronic vote tabulation devices should be a no brainer , but it continues because it 's too technical for average folk to understand , and it 's exploitable by those in the know .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Roy Lipscomb said on 10/23/2009 @ 3:47 pm PT ...
Phil ,
No need to apologize .
As it turns out , it was my bad .
My disagreement was targeting the quote in comment 8 , beginning " Within table VOTER ... "
I mistakenly attributed that quote to you , instead of its true author , Dave Williams .
Sorry for the confusion !
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Peter Striff said on 10/25/2009 @ 12:02 am PT ...
Take a look at this .... A Censored Headline and why it Matters : German High Court Outlaws Electronic Voting
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Exytrans said on 10/29/2009 @ 1:51 pm PT ...
CODNOR , England ( Reuters ) - Hundreds of demonstrators waving anti-racism flags marched through a village in central England on Saturday in protest against the far - right British National Party ’s annual summer camp .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
Police arrested 19 people during the mainly peaceful rally near a farm outside the Derbyshire village of Codnor where the BNP ’s Red , White and Blue festival was taking place .
The BNP , which campaigns to halt immigration and repatriate immigrants voluntarily , and for Britain to withdraw from the European Union , won its first two seats in the European Parliament in June .
Protesters marched past bemused residents towards the festival chanting “ the BNP is a Nazi party , smash the BNP ” before being stopped at a police roadblock .
Four men were arrested when some demonstrators tried to push past a barrier of police backed by horses , dogs and vehicles .
Most of the arrests were made for demonstrating outside the police - controlled area around the camp but police said the majority of demonstrators were peaceful and co-operative .
There were 34 arrests at last year ’s event .
“ This may look like a nice picnic in the park but that ’s really the opposite of what it is , ” said Graham Martin of the York branch of the Unite Against Fascism group .
“ It ’s a place where they intend to launch their cultural assault as well as their political one . ”
Simon Darby , deputy leader of the BNP , told Reuters from the event the protesters could not be heard from the site but he said party supporters had difficulty reaching the location .
Some BNP supporters were forced to cross fields on foot under police escort to reach the venue .
“ They have got every right to have a peaceful protest ... but it ’s a cynical ploy to try and get bad publicity for us , ” Darby said .
Some residents joined the march but others complained about having to pay the policing bill , which last year amounted to 250,000 pounds ( $ 400,000 ) and could cost twice that this year .
The BNP has no representation in the British parliament but has gained support among some white voters angry about unemployment and access to public housing and other services during the worst recession for generations .
However , mainstream politicians have poured scorn on the BNP , accusing its members of being racists who sympathise with the policies of Nazi Germany .
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
A justice of the peace in Louisiana who has drawn widespread criticism for refusing to issue a marriage license to an interracial couple says he has no regrets about his decision .
Keith Bardwell says he has no regrets for denying a marriage license to an interracial couple .
" It 's kind of hard to apologize for something that you really and truly feel down in your heart you have n't done wrong , " Keith Bardwell told CNN affiliate WAFB on Saturday .
Bardwell , a justice of the peace for Tangipahoa Parish 's 8th Ward , refused to issue a marriage license to Beth Humphrey , 30 , and her boyfriend , Terence McKay , 32 , both of Hammond .
Bardwell 's actions have elicited reactions from some top officials , including Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , who called for Bardwell 's dismissal .
" This is a clear violation of constitutional rights and federal and state law .
... disciplinary action should be taken immediately -- including the revoking of his license , " the Republican governor said Friday .
Bardwell has not returned repeated calls from CNN this week .
But he told Hammond 's Daily Star in a story Thursday that he did not marry the couple because he was concerned for the children who might be born of the relationship and that , in his experience , most interracial marriages do n't last .
" I 'm not a racist , " Bardwell told the newspaper .
" I do ceremonies for black couples right here in my house .
My main concern is for the children . "
Bardwell , stressing that he could n't personally endorse the marriage , said his wife referred the couple to another justice of the peace .
Watch why justice says he nixed interracial marriage »
Humphrey and McKay received their marriage license October 9 from another justice of the peace in the same parish .
They have reached out to an attorney to determine their next step , Humphrey said .
" We would like him to resign , " Beth McKay said .
" He does n't believe he 's being racist , but it is racist . "
The National Urban League called for an investigation into the incident by the U.S. Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division , saying in a statement that Bardwell 's actions were " a huge step backward in social justice . "
According to the Census Bureau , Tangipahoa Parish is about 70 percent white and 30 percent black .
The U.S. Supreme Court tossed out any racially - based limitations on marriage in the landmark 1967 Loving v. Virginia case .
In the unanimous decision , the court said that " Under our Constitution , the freedom to marry , or not marry , a person of another race resides with the individual and cannot be infringed by the State . "
All About Louisiana • NAACP
Ever since TV has begun the world has immersed itself in it .
There have always been shows to suit everyone ’s needs or wants .
The channel executives do their best to listen to the public and produce what they think we want to see in order to keep the channel going and the sponsorship of ads coming in .
There have been reality type shows for years and more so lately .
In the wake of most of today ’s television programs becoming reality TV shows , we bring you some of the weirdest ones the world has to offer .
The 1900 House
There were 400 families that tried out for this reality TV series .
The premise of this show is to take a modern day family and have them live like they did in the early 1900s .
They have to stay in the house for three months .
The bathroom was outside the house , but it was equipped with 3 bedrooms , a safety room , the telephone was in this room .
There was a dining room , a drawing room , a scullery and a kitchen , but there was no electricity .
Instead of a washer there was a pot installed for washing clothes over a fire .
The family struggled to live their normal lives as a Victorian family .
Link
Married by America
This show was short lived and only ran for one season in 2003 .
The contestants were introduced on the air and then the audience could vote on who they liked .
The male and female who had the most votes would then be married on live television .
A few weeks before the show , the winners would be staying together in a hotel and resort in an effort to get to know each other .
The couple did not get married at the end of the show and it was said that the woman was truly heartbroken over it .
Link
The Monastery
The original airing of this show was in 2005 .
The premise of the show is a number of men being selected to live among the monks in a religious retreat .
These men did not have to have a religious belief , but they did have to give up all their worldly possessions .
This show has 2 spin offs , one including a group of women living in a convent and the other being both men and women living in a Muslim society .
Link
He ’s A Lady
The eleven contestants were told that they were going to compete on a show called the All American Man .
It was supposed to be a mental and physical competition .
When they got to the show they learned that they had to cross dress in order to win the cash prize .
They had to learn how to bond with other females in a nonsexual way , wear a brassiere , jewelry , and make up .
They had to plan a wedding , be a bridesmaid , pass as a female in public and with their family and friends and then participate in a beauty pageant .
Link
Transamerican Love Story
This show was aired in 2008 .
It is a dating reality show staring Calpernia Addams , who is a transgender person .
During each episode a potential suitor was eliminated .
In the first episode , the contestants and Calpernia get to know each other .
In the second episode , the men have to cook for Calpernia and her friends .
The third episode has the men going through a mini boot camp and the fourth episode she takes them to a night club where she performs .
In the fifth episode , the men learn how to two - step and the sixth episode has them meeting her parents , which then leads to a recap show and the finale .
Link
Written by Harmony Stalter – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
A gay man has admitted he gave his lesbian neighbours curry laced with slug pellets after he was accused of kidnapping their three - legged cat .
According to the Daily Mail , Gary Stewart , 37 , and Beverley Sales and Marie Walton had enjoyed cordial relations when they first became neighbours in Denton , Manchester .
Over a period of years , though , things turned sour , leading Stewart to wage an " apparent hate campaign " against the couple .
He even allegedly " kidnapped " the pair 's three - legged cat , Amber , and " dumped her in a village miles away " .
Amber was eventually recovered following a poster campaign .
On 22 September Stewart appeared to offer an olive branch in the form of curry , claiming he'd over - ordered from the takeaway .
When Sales and Walton tucked in , they found the food laced with slug pellets .
They called in the cops and Stewart was arrested .
He subsequently appeared before magistrates in Manchester where he " admitted attempting to poison the two women " .
He will appear again before the court at a later date .
An unnamed neighbour said : " It has been nothing short of a nightmare and I hope this brings things to an end , because what those two girls have had to endure these past years has been horrendous .
" He was abusive to them and made their lives a misery .
And to cap it off , he kidnapped their cat and dumped it on the streets . "
The Daily Mail helpfully notes that slug pellets contain metaldehyde , which is " extremely dangerous to animals and children " , but classed as merely " moderately hazardous " by the World Health Organisation and not normally fatal to an adult . ®
Charging - station network built along 101 ELECTRIC VEHICLES
This is a Tesla electric car using one of the charging stations along a " charging corridor " between San Francisco and Los Angeles that Rabobank unveiled Tuesday , Sept. 23 , 2009 .
This is a Tesla electric car using one of the charging stations along a " charging corridor " between San Francisco and Los Angeles that Rabobank unveiled Tuesday , Sept. 23 , 2009 .
Photo : SolarCity Photo : SolarCity Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Charging - station network built along 101 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Say you own a Tesla , and you 're in the mood to take your sleek electric sports car for a spin down the coast to Los Angeles .
Assuming you started in San Francisco with a fully charged battery , you 'd get as far as San Luis Obispo , or maybe Pismo Beach .
Then the battery would die .
Like all electric cars , Tesla's $ 109,000 roadster is limited by its range - about 250 miles .
So a solar power company and a Dutch bank have teamed up to build five recharging stations for Teslas along Highway 101 between the Bay Area and Los Angeles .
One of the stations gets some of its power from a solar array .
Pit stops will take 30 to 45 minutes , far longer than the usual visit to a gas station .
But the recharging stations , most of them located in the parking lots of Rabobank branches , are situated near stores , cafes and restaurants , where drivers can pass the time .
" You can stop , get some lunch while you 're charging , " said Lyndon Rive , chief executive officer of SolarCity , which created the stations .
" It would be great to have a society where , if you have an electric car , you know you can go someplace and get a charge , whether it 's the bank , the coffee shop , the grocery store . "
Drivers wo n't have to pay for the juice .
Rabobank , based in the Netherlands , will cover the cost of the electricity , which is n't expected to be very high .
Fully charging a Tesla costs about $ 4 .
Most drivers using the stations are expected to top off their batteries rather than recharge from scratch , which takes more than three hours .
And Tesla Motors , based in San Carlos , has sold just 700 roadsters so far .
" I do not believe we 're going to have a hundred cars lined up tomorrow - there 's not that many of these cars on the road yet , " said Marco Krapels , an executive vice president with Rabobank .
" We 're trying to provide some momentum to the renewable energy movement . "
The recharging " corridor " cost about $ 80,000 to create , with the money coming from a grant Tesla received from the California Air Resources Board .
The electric vehicle recharging stations - in Salinas , Atascadero , San Luis Obispo , Santa Maria and Goleta - draw their power from the state 's electrical grid .
But one of them , at Rabobank 's Santa Maria branch , connects to a photovoltaic solar power array , and the others may eventually get the same treatment .
Rive calls it " PV meets EV . "
" We 're combining clean , renewable solar power with all - electric transportation , allowing drivers to travel through California with zero emissions , " he said .
All the stations are up and running except the one in Goleta , which will open in October .
Recharging electric vehicles might seem a stretch for SolarCity , which installs and leases solar power systems to homes , businesses and government agencies .
But the company , based in Foster City , recently bought an electric - vehicle - recharging business and has already installed more than 100 solar home recharging stations for Tesla owners .
There 's a family tie between the companies as well .
Rive and his brother Peter , SolarCity 's chief operating officer , are cousins of Tesla CEO Elon Musk .
Musk serves as SolarCity 's chairman .
For the moment at least , only Teslas can use the stations .
But that could change .
SolarCity plans to add another , more standardized plug to each of the stations in the future .
The budding electric - car industry has discussed adopting a standardized plug to make sure that recharging stations can serve multiple brands .
" There 's a little bit of a tower - of - Babel thing going on , " said Tom Dowling , who runs a Web site called EV Charger News that lists recharging stations .
" I 'm hopeful that in the next year or so this will all get straightened out . "
The world 's tallest domestic dog ?
Adorable .
The world 's biggest newborn baby ?
Sad and disturbing .
Waterless urinals in every new building in Los Angeles ?
A positive step .
Canada 's disgusting oilsands and Coal Country , a new documentary detailing the environmental atrocities in Appalachia ?
Heart wrenching and depressing .
Jimmy Page showing Jack White and the Edge how to play " When the Levee Breaks " in It Might Get Loud ?
All flavors of awesome .
Garth Brooks coming out of retirement ?
Anesthetizing .
See , it 's all a matter of perspective .
It 's all a matter of context and spin , into which bin we toss the delightful refuse of our culture to recycle and re-use it another day .
It is with this wonky filter in mind we turn our gaze to the gaping hellmouth that is the U.S. Senate , that drab cauldron of grumpy old men , defeminized women and tiny handful of rebellious dissenters , all of whom claim to have your best interests at heart but mostly only really give a damn about which lobbyist will help them best make their next boat payment .
Do I sound a little bitter ?
I can not imagine why .
Let us watch the senate and see if we can figure it out .
Look at them shuffle and sneer , hem and haw !
Watch as they willingly eat their own souls with an ice pick and some turpentine , then step up to the media microphones and try to sound ennobled and magnanimous when in fact they only make everyone within earshot feel lost and fatalistic .
So cute .
It 's the same old spectacle , is n't it ?
There they go , tossing around the health care reform issue like it did n't affect millions of humans every single day , throwing in massive compromises and snags just so the GOP can fellate its pals in the insurance industry and a gaggle of aggrieved Democrats can get their egos fluffed and you still wo n't be able to get a decent dental plan for your family .
But now , just for fun , let 's take it a step further .
Or rather , darker .
Let 's go ahead and step right onto one of those large , rusty nails sticking up from the senate floor , so painful as to make your stomach turn , a bit of your lunch jump back into your throat .
It 's a story from the dark political underbelly that makes you question the entire setup , rethink humanity , and lean out your window and scream : what the hell is wrong with these people ?
Who are they , really ?
Why do we give them power ?
Here is freshman Minnesota senator Al Franken 's first - ever legislative action , a relatively simple , almost laughably surefire bill requiring the Pentagon no longer do business with any contractor -- hi , Halliburton ! -- that requires its employees to agree that she cannot sue said contractor if she is , oh let 's just say , gang raped by its employees .
You read that right .
It 's a can 't - sue - us - if - you 're - raped clause .
In a U.S. government contract .
Aimed squarely at Halliburton .
Thanks , Dick Cheney !
First , you are required to get over your initial disgust that such legislation is even necessary , that such clauses even exist and that the Pentagon is already doing business with such contractors ( hi , Halliburton / KBR ! ) , and that there has already been a truly horrible case validating it , wherein a 20 - year - old female employee was allegedly gang - raped by contractors , locked in a shipping container , abused every way from Sunday , and found out later she was unable to sue .
Let us pause to imagine if , say , Wal - Mart had such a clause .
Or maybe Toys ' R' Us. Starbucks .
Let us imagine the appalled outcry .
But Halliburton ?
Dick Cheney 's vile little spitwad of shameless war profiteering ?
No problem .
Hey , it 's Republican - endorsed military contracting .
No one said it was ethical .
But that 's not most the repellant part .
Ready ?
The most repellant part is the 30 U.S. senators -- Republicans each and every one -- who just stepped forth to vote against the Franken amendment , essentially saying no , women should have no right to sue if they are sexually abused or gang raped , Halliburton and its ilk must be protected at all costs , and by the way we hereby welcome Satan into our rancid souls forevermore .
God bless America .
Let us repeat , for clarity .
Franken 's amendment passed with a vote of 68 - 30 .
Meaning 30 U.S. senators voted against the elimination of the rape / sue clause .
Meghan McCain , call your dad .
He 's one of them .
Here is where you try and do it .
Here is where you bring in the filter mentioned above , try to figure out where to slot such wretched information , how to make even the slightest sense of it .
And then you discover a horrible truth : you can't .
Turns out , when faced with such vileness , all filters fail .
All balance is thrown off .
You thought you had some sort of way to process and attain perspective ?
You are proven wrong .
So perhaps all we can do is ponder how pathetic and sad these various senator 's lives must be , how these bitter old men will now go home at night and announce around the dinner table that , yes , today they worked very hard to help improve the welfare of the nation by essentially enabling rape and sexual abuse , tried their darndest to prevent women who 've been viciously attacked from having much legal recourse .
And lo , Satan will chuckle happily .
Then maybe these senators will try and hug their wives , or their daughters .
And maybe , if there 's any justice in the universe , their wives and daughters will slap them as hard as humanly possible , lock them in a shipping container , and never let them touch them again .
P.S. ; Would you like a complete list of these 30 senators ' names ?
Right here .
Why look , there 's grandpa McCain .
There 's disgraced man-child John Ensign .
Hooker - lovin ' David Vitter .
Saxby Chambliss .
Inhofe .
It 's a veritable welfare - state who 's who of Dick Cheney 's sanctum of oily fluffers , and many more who would love to be .
Shall we write a nice letter to them ?
Or maybe their wives and daughters ?
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
Rep. Michele Bachmann Michele Marie BachmannEvangelicals should n't be defending Trump in tiff over editorial Mellman :
The ' lane theory ' is the wrong lane to be in White House backs Stephen Miller amid white nationalist allegations MORE ( R - Minn . ) is urging Americans to come to Washington , D.C. , next week to roam the halls of Congress and lobby lawmakers against the House Democrats ' healthcare reform plan .
The strategy aims at resurrecting the momentum Republicans enjoyed during the August recess , when many critics challenged their members of Congress on healthcare reform .
Since then , Democrats have regained their footing and have captured some political momentum to pass a bill .
ADVERTISEMENT
During an appearance on Fox 's " Hannity , " Bachmann on Friday night said the plan can be defeated , but only if critics make their case face - to - face with legislators .
Bachmann told conservative commentator Sean Hannity , " The clock is ticking 11:59 ... I 've never done this before but I am asking people to come to Washington , D.C. , by the carload and next Thursday at noon I 'll be at a press conference on the steps of the Capitol .
" I 'd love to have every one of your viewers to join me so we can go up and down through the halls , find members of Congress , look at the whites of their eyes and say , ' Do n't take away my healthcare .
'" After Hannity opined that lawmakers would likely hide from the crowds , Bachmann responded , " It 's not inevitable .
This does n't have to pass and I do n't think it will pass if we can get people to literally , physically come to Washington , D.C. , next week .
" We need to pay a House call on [ Speaker ] Nancy Pelosi [ D - Calif . ] and tell her what she can do with the Pelosi healthcare plan , " Bachmann added .
The vocal Republican noted that many Blue Dogs -- a group of conservative Democrats -- are on the fence on how to vote .
" That 's why this is such an exciting opportunity for us ... This is our liberty and tyranny moment .
This is about patriotism and manning up .
" She said the plan on Thursday afternoon will be to walk through the House office buildings to look for lawmakers : " We can walk through Cannon , Longworth and Rayburn [ office buildings ] , walk through the Capitol ...
" The House is scheduled to start debate on the healthcare bill later this week , with a vote likely occurring within the next 10 days .
What ever happened to true effort , the desire to learn and develop ones ability ?
What happened to the problem solvers ?
What happened to the ones that could look at a problem or at something going wrong and continue on in the mode to make it right or at least better ?
What happened to the hunger that was followed with the effort to do that extra work , take that extra step or go just a little more above and beyond ?
When did the laziness set in , the complacency , and when did the expectations grow to the point where some think it should simply come their way and they deserve all they want with as little effort as possible .
This may relate to other areas , other professions and other people , but right now lets direct it at musicians and artists in particular .
Also note , before you get your angry emails all fired up , this is not pointed at everyone , but there are so many musicians that lack the ability these days .
There are many musicians that think success should just be handed to them and there are so many musicians that just flat out do not know how to work for their dream or , for that matter , anything .
Blaming due to laziness .
So many of the people and artists to whom this is pointed at have shared all their excuses with those around them , “ It is the industries fault . ”
“ I ca n’t do this or I cant do that because it is harder to do in this city , this genre , this time ” or a number of other pointless , pathetic excuses that are used to help them justify their bullshit .
They point the blame in a different direction in order to feel better about themselves and where they are in their career or where they are n’t , more accurately .
Now sometimes there are reasons why something goes wrong , why something is n’t happening or did n’t happen .
There are justifications and reasons within the industry or along a musician ’s path that are legitimate hurdles and roadblocks , yet what are you doing about them ?
And how are you going to shift things to get what you want ?
This goes for the artists but also for every person that is bitching , whining or complaining about anything .
Your complaining is pointless .
Your action taken to make real change is what it takes to succeed .
Saying you support something is n’t enough .
You want health care reform ?
Then stop saying it and go out and research , learn and find a way to do something to move a potential health care reform bill forward or find ways to be a part of something that can directly effect your preferred outcome .
Do n’t be like the musicians bitching on Facebook about the music industry , file sharing , royalty issues or which club , label or management that has supposedly screwed you over .
You can be as pissed off at the RIAA , The National Association For Recording Arts and Sciences , this booking agent or that club , but what are you doing to change things ?
It is about getting off the passive protestor train and getting onto a train of real change .
It is about being assertive .
These “ repost this message on Facebook if you agree ” crap is not helping to bring about change .
Instead , post a link for people to read entailing a potential plan and set up a document that allows electronic signatures that can be sent to the entities with whom you are hoping to inspire change .
By simply setting up “ I agree with this or that ” non-dialog , you create a perfect example of part of the overall problem .
Some people actually think posting a message on a networking site will change the world .
Doing so is not a bad thing , it ’s just not enough , and my hunch is it ’s not changing much of anything .
The real blame and the real problem
What ever happened to true effort , the desire to learn and develop ones ability ?
What happened to the problem solvers ?
Where did the overall proficiency of an artist go ?
Why does it seem that those possessing the traits to succeed are so much more the minority these days ?
I think it comes down to these 12 key deficiencies that many artists , musicians and for that matter a great deal of people outside of the music industry share .
• We are lazy
• We are undereducated
• We do not know how to win and we certainly do not know how to lose
• We do not have the social skills
• We are afraid of confrontation
• We are spoon fed with notions that we “ can be anything ” , so much so that we do n’t put forth the effort associated with being successful
… Then , at the first sign of hardship or challenge …
• We are ready to give up on the drop of a hat
• We think a positive attitude is all it takes
• We do n’t think about the details , instead , we just believe in the best case scenario
• Our egos have been boosted but our confidence is walking on eggshells
• We want instant gratification and lack the patience required for true success
Where does it stem from ?
Different people will say it is TV , others will say it is the schools and the fault of teachers who are too afraid to point out a child ’s areas of inefficiency … even more will say it is parenting .
Regardless , it comes down to children growing up and not having the understanding of what it takes to do what it takes .
And it may be a compilation of all these things .
We are lazy .
We are undereducated .
As a whole we are lazy .
When I was a kid , I played outside .
My friends did n’t want to be inside .
We wanted to be outside , climbing trees , riding bikes .
Hell , in my neighborhood we used to organize games in a field .
We were active .
A lot more children today are less active and want to play the games , be on the computer or be inside .
Now this does n’t count for everyone , but the viewership of television , the addiction to videogames , the growth in obesity clearly shows we are less active and a whole lot of that lack of activity can contribute to the lack of effort .
We are under educated as a whole or we are learning from the wrong people .
When a brand new musician begins to study drums with a freshman in college , how much is he learning that is positive and how much is he learning that is negative ?
The college kid wants to make a few extra bucks and could be implementing bad habits and incorrect elements that will ultimately have to be unlearned .
I know this first - hand because it happened to me .
It took a good deal of time to unlearn and relearn things that were hurting me more than helping me .
This goes for people telling us that things are a certain way even if they do n’t know it themselves .
It seems audacious that teachers that could n’t make a music career for them selves teach students to do things in ways that were n’t effective in the first place .
Or consultants that had a winning approach 20 years ago but does not apply today .
We are so spoon - fed and told we can do anything without effort .
We are ready to give up at the drop of a hat .
We do not know how to win and we certainly do not know how to lose .
Our egos have been boosted , but our confidence is walking on eggshells .
With all the PC crap in the schools where everyone wins together and everything is a tie , we are losing track of what it is like to win and what it is like to lose .
We are losing the sense of having an understanding of good sportsmanship and how to be a good winner and a good loser .
I believe that confidence and growing healthy self - esteem and worth is a good thing .
But as a country we have gone overboard and are now creating a far worse problem in not allowing children to differentiate between their strengths and weaknesses .
These situations only set children up to be disillusioned later in life .
It ’s important to know the areas that I need improvement and those areas where my skill is strong ; then I get the opportunity to choose whether becoming better is important .
Allowing everyone to feel they are equal is unrealistic and sets children up to find out the reality of otherwise the hard way .
So , yes …
I ’m comparing musicians to children who have been coddled and told they are good at something in order to keep them from getting their feelings hurt .
Sometimes your music is not good – not all art is subjective – and you need to know why , lest you pave the way for ridicule , and worse , not being the best you can be .
I remember being in sixth grade and we played a game of kick ball at Fort River Elementary School in Amherst , Massachusetts .
The teams were picked pretty fairly but the score was just devastating .
The team I was on lost 11 - 0 .
I mean we got killed fair and square .
The team that won did not overly gloat though they celebrated and we did not sulk too much .
We were able to see where they were stronger and what we needed to work on .
This was a positive experience on the whole .
It was a clear understanding of what was good , what was bad , what was skill and what was luck .
Mixed with good sportsmanship and a good work out , we learned as we played .
A friend of mine who has a kid in a local school in Seattle recently told me about how these kids on a team playing softball experienced the strangest situation of everyone winning even though it was a similar situation to my childhood .
One team was creaming the other team and yet in the end , everyone was called a winner .
It was viewed as a tie , the person coaching moved players from one team to the other , and while I am all about positive reinforcement , kids were being told they were amazing when they were doing awful !
I AM NOT SAYING DO NOT GIVE POSITIVE REINFORCEMENT .
But is n’t there a decent medium where a child can be told they are good , they are smart , they are doing well while adding the encouragement and lessons in how to improve ?
Hell , maybe that is where a great deal of the ego issues come from in with the artists that think they are so incredible when they truly suck ?
Maybe there was an excess of too much support that it actually became a liability and kept the musician from actually doing the work required to get better and improve .
With so much of what possibly could be the excess of the positive reinforcement you can witness where confidence can be so sensitive that it can be broken in an instant .
I worked with a drummer in the studio whom I asked to change up a pattern .
He gave it a shot for maybe a max of five minutes before he was in tears .
Literally tears .
I was not digging in to him , but it was clear that he had played and performed in a safety bubble where the moment he was n’t doing something correctly he was a wreck .
We had to take a break and we ended up having him keep the part that did n’t really work in the first place , but was one he could handle .
Later , I overheard him telling other band members how I had been asking for the “ stupidest pattern ” and how in spite of the fact that he could actually play it but it did n’t work and it was terrible .
Again , the blame !
This is just another example of eggshell confidence and an ego that does n’t allow for growth .
We think drive , determination and a positive attitude is all it takes .
Again , so many people are out in the world talking about going after your dreams , yet there is little focus on the fact that in reaching for those dreams the journey will entail a ton of hard work and revisions to your path of success .
Positive attitude should absolutely be there , and should be complimented through the tools and methods required to being a success , especially in the music business as it changes face and reinvents it self everyday .
Simply having a positive attitude is absolutely not enough .
Even those who believe in the “ Law of Attraction ” recognize that you must put action behind that energy and belief .
Drive and determination both require ACTION .
We do n’t think about the details .
We want to believe the best - case scenario is attainable with no question .
We want instant gratification and lack patience .
A lot of musicians do n’t want to think about the details .
It clouds the dreams .
These people do n’t want to implement the work and the patience required , they want that instant gratification like they see on TV , like they see on the Internet , like they believe and have grown to believe is real simply on its own .
They want to dream hard and just know that if they keep the dream alive it will all happen .
More of these people are the ruby slipper musicians that are clicking their heels three times over and over again but still going nowhere .
Sorry Dorothy , in the music business , it takes more than the heal clicks .
These artists want to believe the stories they hear that will lead them to the fastest success , they do n’t want to hear about what really happened or how long it took , or the bad contracts signed and learned from , or , for that matter , how every artist has to find and grind out their niche in creative yet formulated manners .
It is why the upper level of the industry is still flourishing to a point .
Many musicians are ready to sign on the dotted line before reading the contract without thinking twice until it bites them in the ass later .
Listening to the wrong people
There are hundreds of folks in the music industry that lack of experience or knowledge , and unfortunately , starving artists seek them out , setting up a blind leading the blind scenario .
With the Internet , anyone can present them selves in a way that seems to attract the business they are seeking and the information being handed out is often wrong , outdated or inapplicable .
Just because someone has a MBA in music business does not make him or her a professional consultant .
Ask them for their experience or a list of who they have learned from , what they have done and what they are about .
It is the artist ’s responsibility to read the contract ; it is the artist ’s responsibility to do the background on someone they are considering working with .
It is the artist ’s responsibility to make sure if they are hiring a coach , a producer or anyone associated with their work that they know who they are and what they can expect from being aligned with them .
The perfect gig
For those that just want to have the good times all the time , get freaking real !!!!
I hear about how this musician does n’t want to deal with the business and that musician does n’t feel he should have to do anything but be creative .
Wake the hell up !!!!!
Basic example .
Some band bringing in 50 million in overall sales and only taking 25 percent or less is not a big problem .
While that same band years later are taking in that 25 % but only making 500 thousand does n’t quite allot for the same sort of lifestyle .
Point being : you are going to have to work and do things that you do n’t want to do .
No one has a job where they love every single aspect of it .
Deal with and take care of the crappy parts too .
Its just part of life .
Conclusion :
What do you do ?
It is one thing to identify a problem , and another thing to actually take action and solve it .
I do not claim to have all the answers , but I do know it takes effort and execution .
It takes taking a hard cold look at yourself , your music , your band and what you are doing , while assessing those things you might need to change and those things that should remain the same .
What are you doing everyday to get you closer to what you want ?
If you are , keep going .
If not , change it .
Maybe it wo n’t be overnight but start with the small steps to assure a brighter future .
What has worked for you or brought small successes ?
Analyze it , work on it and see if you can apply it to other areas that are not working .
What has to change ?
If you are not sure how to change the things that need changing , then reach out , find help , educate yourself and empower yourself with knowledge instead of going for that same piece of cheese that is electrified .
Hell even rats start to learn not to do the same thing if the result is negative ; maybe it ’s your turn .
Stay educated on the business of music just like you are staying educated on the music it self .
What opportunities are presenting them selves ?
What new methods are being applied that you can apply to your group ?
Keep your finger on the pulse of the industry .
Just like a lawyer needs to continually stay up to date with the changing laws , a musician needs to stay up to date in the same way to be as effective and as successful as possible .
If something is too good to be true or seems too easy to be real , it probably is .
Amazing things can happen , but make sure they are amazing in the way that are good for you today , tomorrow and next year as well .
Try to look at the traits above as a whole .
Maybe none of them apply to you , maybe all apply and instead of being defensive , angry or in denial , begin to address elements inside you .
The better you can “ know thyself ” , the sooner you can work to become stronger in the areas you are weak , your dreams and your career .
No one is perfect and I have to address issues above just like everyone else .
Take the assertiveness and confidence you have inside with the things you are sure of , and work that to your benefit .
Watch for teaming up or pairing with others who are not ready to do the work that has to be done .
Surround yourself with the hardest working , strongest communicating and best musicians you possibly can .
Respect the business side just as you respect the art side , and you will have a bigger chance in an industry where the chances of success become slimmer and slimmer day by day .
Good luck !
© 2009 Loren Weisman
http://www.braingrenademusic.com
JREF Swift Blog
What 's The Harm ? ( Kenyan Edition )
( Editor 's Warning :
The video linked to below is extremely graphic , violent , and disturbing .
Do not view if you do n't want your day ruined .
You need not view it to understand the accompanying article . )
Posted below is a video of a " witch " burning in the Kisii district of western Kenya , in a village called Nyamatoro .
It is a two - minute excerpt from a 45 - minute piece of footage , apparently shot by a Kenyan freelance journalist named Johnny .
If you like , you may visit Johnny 's webpage here , though it wo n't provide any fresh insight into the horrors captured by his camera .
In his brief discussion of the video , Johnny 's language is studiedly neutral .
This is understandable .
As you shall see , Johnny has temperamental neighbors .
On his website , Johnny writes mostly about his wish to receive journalistic commissions from news agencies abroad .
That , too , is understandable .
Any man who witnesses five acquaintances beaten and burned to death by sixty or so of his other acquaintances has every right to a little wanderlust , at the very least .
Perhaps to alert the world to sub-Saharan Africa 's latest outbreak of stone - age barbarism , or perhaps to further his career , Johnny is selling the full 45 - minute version of his video to any news outlet that will have it .
As far as I can tell , no one 's buying .
Not the BBC , not Fox , not NBC , not CNN .
The closest Africa 's new witch craze has come to serious media exposure was in November of last year , when The New York Times ran a story about that unlucky continent 's " witch children " -- toddlers , tykes , and ‘ tweens who are beaten and kicked out of their homes for practicing sorcery .
The story found a bit of traction in a few other outlets , but not much .
When such items did appear , they were usually accompanied by pictures of the children taken long after the fact , smiling in new group homes set up by friendly foreign NGOs , or at the very worst looking cutely solemn as they pondered their new lives of ostracism and fear .
There was something unavoidably distant about it ; something very " We Are The World . "
There is nothing distant about this .
( Editor 's Note :
One last warning .
This is a graphic video
of people being forcibly burned alive . )
Kind of resists commentary , does n't it ?
Perhaps that 's why Africa 's new witch craze has been so poorly covered by the western media .
In a rare moment of trend - bucking , Breitbart ran an in - depth story about another Kenyan " witch " burning that took place in May of this year and took the lives of 15 human beings , all women .
( This episode also garnered a few moments on ABC and the Beeb , but neither organization thought the matter warranted fresh reportage . )
Breitbart 's dispatch reads like news from another world .
How does one make sense of a sentence like this one , from pastor Enoch Obiero : " I can't believe my wife of many years would be killed so brutally by people who cannot prove their case even before God . "
Or this , from Emily Monari : " My mother has always been a role model to the entire village and why the mob had to kill her will remain a mystery to me forever . "
How reasonable they sound in the wake of such an unreasonable event , and how poorly suited is ordinary English to express the truth of it .
Perhaps Rachel Maddow and Wolf Blitzer have remained silent because they do n't know what to say .
I certainly do n't , and neither does anyone else at the JREF .
We sat on this video for months before deciding to publish it .
We do so now in answer to a South African newspaper called The Sunday News , the courageous staff of which has decided that they , at least , are done with silence .
They have decided to speak out against the African " witchcraft " outrage , and last week they did so .
Here are some excerpts from their report , written by a minister named Paul Damasane .
Pardon the poor English .
The main reason one would hazard to explain could be the background of our Western missionary upbringing .
It is important to begin there because my angle will of necessity be to disabuse our minds of the fact that this is a purely African mysticism that is shrouded in mystery and so - called superstition .
Let me not leave you guessing for now whether witchcraft exists or not .
The answer is in the affirmative WITCHCRAFT IS FOR REAL , WITCHES ARE AS REAL AS THE BACK OF YOUR HAND .
Be not fooled that I have just realised this , no I have known it all my short life [...]
[...]
I write not because of mere speculation but because I have met and spoken to people who have been victims of wizardry .
A long distance truck driver assured his wife of his fidelity and demanded the same of his wife .
They had then shared some portion as a protective measure .
The wife because of hunger defaulted and all hell broke loose .
Not with the woman but with the intruding male .
When he got back to his spouse and tried to lie with her a snake would just appear from under the bed and molest him .
Sadly the snake was only visibly to the man .
In some place I was shown a man who had abused and raped a woman after the use of certain medicines by the woman the man was found bleeding at his private parts after he had cut them off himself .
He lives to bear testimony that rape is evil . [...]
[...]
Let me close by assuring you that in as much as this is part of our culture it is that part that we would like to destroy and not promote .
That is why we as Christians exorcise these spirits and of late many of these spirits have been threatening the lives of little children and women giving birth - this is an attempt by evil forces at aborting the eternal plan of God in making mankind overcome and have dominion over the earth .
We will continue next week as we look at some spiritual principles and views from different religious backgrounds on the subject of witchcraft .
Do send in your views on the same .
Stay far from the influence of this evil in the coming week - Jesus protect you !
Rev. Damasane 's point of view is shared by many , including those whose own grim histories should teach them better .
Can they be blamed ?
Perhaps they can , perhaps they can't .
I find it more difficult to be angry with Rev. Damasane than with the newspaper staff that puts up with him , and with the public that , even if it protests in private , will tacitly accept -- and thereby give credence to -- ideas that are murderously wrong .
The persecution of witches across Africa , from Kenya to Johannesburg , is the terminus of irrationality .
From the relative safety of a desk in the semi-sane West , it is too easy to forget that -- to believe that " critical thinking " is a game of intellectual one - upmanship , and that the " enemy " really is Sylvia Browne or John Edward or Peter Popoff .
But they are not our enemies .
They are merely promoters of an attitude .
They tell us that the impossible is possible , and it would be asking far too much to expect them to imagine that , a world away , the same proposition has the power to make the intolerable tolerable ; to turn famine to fate , a still - birth to a curse , and kin to kindling .
WASHINGTON 
Two whistle - blowers accused Moody 's Investors Service of misconduct Wednesday — the latest public flogging the big credit- ratings agencies have endured since their flawed judgments contributed to a global financial crisis .
But bashing the big three agencies — Moody's , Standard & Poor 's and Fitch Ratings — might prove easier than fixing them : Connecticut Insurance Commissioner Thomas Sullivan says the current reform proposals in Washington just " dance around the edges of the real issues . "
The big three ratings agencies have drawn fire for giving their seal of approval — relied upon by banks , securities firms , insurers and investors — to thousands of real estate - backed securities that plunged in value when the U.S. housing market collapsed .
" No one 's more responsible for the crisis than S&P and Moody's , " says Frank Partnoy , law professor at the University of San Diego .
" They have been mis-rating for a long time now , starting with Orange County ( Calif. ) in 1994 , which was rated AA right up until its bankruptcy , and Enron and now AIG , which was insolvent but still got high ratings . "
The Securities and Exchange Commission last year released internal rating - agency e-mails in which one analyst complained that her firm would rate a security even if it was " structured by cows " and another said : " Let 's hope we are all wealthy and retired by the time this house of cards falters . "
The heat is rising : • Former Moody 's manager Eric Kolchinsky told Congress on Wednesday that even this year the ratings agency broke securities laws by issuing credit ratings it knew were wrong .
He also testified that analysts responsible for Moody 's credit policy " routinely get bullied by business - line managers , and their decisions are overridden in the name of generating revenue . "
Joining Kolchinsky before the House Oversight committee was former Moody 's senior vice president Scott McCleskey , who says the agency ignored him and forced him out in 2008 after he warned that its municipal debt ratings were outdated and unreliable .
Richard Cantor , Moody 's chief credit officer , acknowledged that the firm missed the depth of the real estate meltdown , but denied any wrongdoing ; he told lawmakers that an internal review had concluded that Kolchinsky 's allegations were " unsupported . "
• State insurance regulators , saying the agencies ' ratings are unreliable , are considering creating their own non-profit rating agency under the auspices of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners .
" The status quo is a complete failure , " says Michael McRaith , director of Illinois ' insurance department .
" We 're exploring all viable alternatives . "
• California Attorney General Jerry Brown two weeks ago issued the three firms subpoenas , saying he wanted to see if they broke state law by " recklessly giving stellar ratings to shaky assets that proved toxic to the entire financial system . "
• A federal court last month ruled that ratings agencies could not fend off investors ' lawsuits by claiming that their ratings were protected as free speech under the First Amendment .
• The Securities and Exchange Commission two weeks ago issued rules giving smaller ratings agencies access to information that would let them issue their own ratings and requiring ratings firms to expose securities issuers that tried to " shop around " for the highest ratings .
• Congress is considering legislation aimed at reducing investors ' reliance on the big three 's ratings and making the agencies more vulnerable to lawsuits .
A proposal by Rep. Paul Kanjorski , D - Pa. , would drop federal rules that require banks and brokerages to rely on credit ratings when deciding , say , how much capital to set aside to cover a potential loss on an investment or loan .
The rules , which amount to a federal endorsement of the agencies ' work , have made the big three " a lazy and complacent " oligopoly , says Lawrence White , professor of economics at New York University .
More controversially , Kanjorski's draft would hold all major ratings agencies jointly liable whenever any of them violated securities law — a provision intended to make them police each other .
" The joint - liability provision is borderline surreal , " wrote analyst Glenn Reynolds of the research firm CreditSights .
Reynolds says the threat of litigation would do little more than scare potential competitors away from the ratings business .
Other critics say the proposals leave the agencies ' real problem largely untouched :
They are paid by the firms that issue securities , not by the investors who eventually will buy them .
So they have an incentive to build business by relaxing their standards .
" No one has the incentive to apply truth serum , " says Robert Johnson , director of the economic policy program at the Roosevelt Institute think tank .
" You 're dependent , " Connecticut 's Sullivan says .
" You 're rating clients who are paying you .
To me , that is a little messed up . "
Sullivan also says the ratings agencies must get away from the " herd mentality " — where they upgrade and downgrade securities in lockstep .
" You do n't flip a switch and change ( corporate ) culture overnight . "
Gogoi reported from New York RATING THE FINANCIAL MARKETS | RATING THE FINANCIAL MARKETS | Story Critics say the three main credit- ratings agencies Fitch , Moody 's and Standard & Poor 's have too much dominance in financial markets .
According to the Securities and Exchange Commission , the big three account for more than 98 % of credit ratings .
Outstanding credit ratings reported by the ratings agencies by ratings class in 2008 : Credit - rating agency Financial institutions Insurance companies Corporate issuers Asset - backed securities Gov't , municipal sovereign securities Total ratings A.M. Best 3 6,129 2,696 54 8,882 DBRS 855 35 590 840 45 2,365 EJR 62 46 803 911 Fitch 79,125 4,871 15,865 72,278 787,781 962,920 JCR
155 32 559 68 85 899 LACE
18,000 100 10 246 58 18,414 Moody 's 70,000 6,500 25,000 110,000 175,000 386,500 R&I 100 36 629 214 89 1,068 Realpoint 10,235 10,235 S&P 44,800 6,900 28,900 197,700 967,600 1,245,900 Total ratings
213,000 24,649 75,052 394,635 1,930,658 2,638,094 Source : Securities and Exchange Commission , June 2008 report Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
James Burns
FreedomFiles
October 10 , 2009
Kudos to our Glorious Dear Leader Obama on winning the Nobel Peace Prize ; some people may question why you were awarded , but not I .
Pay no attention to those , like Congressman Ron Paul ; who happens to point out that , “ the ( NPP ) Application had to be in on February 1st ( 2009 ) , and he ( Obama ) had only been in Office a total of 12 days … ” .
The Doubting Tom ’s and Debby Downers out there have no idea why you were rightfully awarded the Prestigious Nobel Peace Prize , but I do .
It is no coincidence that he won this Award on the same day as his Greatest Victory ; not only for the American People , but for the entire world .
You see , on the day Obama took Office as our 44th President ; he was briefed that the Planet was under a great threat of epic proportions .
Without hesitation , President Obama sprung into action ; knowing that he was about to Save the Earth , his loving wife Michelle went ahead and got our Beloved Leader ’s Nobel Peace Prize Application filled out , and mailed off to Oslo , Norway before the deadline .
At the same time he began working behind the scenes on the most ambitious plan in the long course of Human History .
While most Americans were sleeping on Friday , October 09 , 2009 ; the Primitive Strike against humanities greatest enemy was carried out .
[ efoods ]
You see , Ladies and Gentlemen ; President Barrack H. Obama saved us all this morning , and you did n’t even know it .
Along with NASA , the President launched a successful and most daring surprise attack against the evil and cold blooded Moon People .
For decades now , the violent race of Moon People looked down on Earth across the not so distance depths of space with very envious eyes , and did n’t take too kindly to all the Astronauts we sent up to the Moon .
After threatening to destroy the Earth back in the 1970 ’s for littering on the Moon ; we secretly agreed never to go back to the Moon again .
Decades went by , and people had forgotten about the threat looming from Earth ’s satellite .
Moon People are approximately 8 feet tall , have cybernetic implants , and powers that would make the X - Men look like the X - Boys .
For Decades they had been building their Super Invasion Fleet , Legions of Clone Soldiers , and were set to begin the Attack of Earth on October 20 , 2009 .
However , they did n’t count on one man ; the Greatest Man to ever live , President Hussein Obama .
Before they could launch their invasion ; the Moon People were all wiped out in a single blow by the LCROSS , resulting in the destruction of their Secret Moon Base .
We can all rejoice now and be thankful to our Dear Leader for saving us all , and all he got in return for his hard work was a little Nobel Peace Prize .
You all can rest easy now that Big Brother is watching out for us ; thanks to the Department of Homeland Security , Patriot Act , Military Commissions Act , REAL ID , Expansion of FISA , PDD51 , John Warner Defense Authorization Act , and all those wonder elected officials of ours who have done their part to do away with that crummy old , and moldy document known as The Constitution , it was so 20th Century .
Even our Second Greatest President , George W. Bush knew this to be true when he referred to it as , “ Just a Goddamned Piece of Paper ! ”
Both of these Great Americans did their part to build up the Government , and protect us from those dastardly vile soulless Moon People .
It does remind me of something a guy named Ben once said , “ Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety ” .
What the hell does he know anyways , it ’s not like they had a race of damn dirty extra terrestrial beings to deal with back in the day .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
VOICE ONE :
This is Mary Tillotson .
VOICE TWO :
( Photo - Rosalind Cohen , NOAA )
And this is Steve Ember with the VOA Special English program EXPLORATIONS .
Today , we tell about the Galapagos Islands in the Pacific Ocean and the unusual creatures that live there .
(( THEME ) )
VOICE ONE :
Love is not easy to find when you are the last male of your kind .
At least that is how it seems for the Galapagos Islands tortoise that scientists call Lonesome George .
He is just one of the many animals and plants that live on the famous group of Pacific Ocean islands .
The islands were named for the large land turtles that live on them .
At one time , the islands were home to about fifteen different kinds of land turtles .
The largest island , Isabela , has five different kinds of tortoises .
But , Lonesome George is not one of them .
He comes from a smaller island called Pinta .
Scientists found George almost thirty years ago .
Humans and non-native animals had caused much damage to the environment on his island .
Some animals and plants had disappeared .
Lonesome George was the only tortoise found on Pinta .
VOICE TWO :
Scientists took the turtle to the Charles Darwin Research Center on Santa Cruz Island .
They wanted to help him find a female tortoise for mating .
The scientists had been successful in similar efforts for thousands of other tortoises .
The researchers placed George in the same living area as females from the nearby island of Isabela .
Scientists thought George would be more closely related to the females from Isabela than to other Galapagos tortoises .
But , Lonesome George proved hard to please .
Scientists say that George never showed any interest in getting close to the females around him .
Scientists say hopes of finding a mate for George are decreasing .
If no mate is found , the Pinta Island tortoises will disappear when George dies .
VOICE ONE :
Research suggested that scientists might have to look on other islands for a mate for George .
D-N - A testing showed that George¡¯s closest relatives do not live on Isabela as the scientists thought .
Turtles most like George live on the islands of San Cristobal and Espanola .
The finding surprised scientists because San Cristobal and Espanola are the farthest Galapagos islands from Pinta .
They are almost three hundred kilometers to the south .
The D - N - A discovery is just another mystery of the Galapagos .
(( MUSIC BRIDGE ) )
VOICE TWO :
Mystery always has been part of the Galapagos .
In Fifteen - Thirty - Five , a ship carrying the Roman Catholic Bishop of Panama came upon the Galapagos accidentally .
Tomas de Berlanga named the Galapagos group the Enchanted Isles .
He was surprised to see land turtles that weighed almost three - hundred - kilograms .
He said they were so large each could carry a man on top of itself .
Bishop Berlanga also noted the unusual soil of the islands .
He suggested that one island was so stony it seemed like stones had rained from the sky .
VOICE ONE :
The British nature scientist Charles Darwin is mainly responsible for the fame of the Galapagos Islands .
He visited the islands in Eighteen - Thirty - Five .
He collected plants and animals from several islands .
After many years of research , he wrote the book ¡°The Origin of Species .¡±
He developed the theory of evolution that life on Earth developed through the process of natural selection .
The book changed the way people think about how living things developed and changed over time .
Darwin said the Galapagos brought people near ¡°to that great fact -- that mystery of mysteries -- the first appearance of new beings on earth¡± .
(( MUSIC BRIDGE ) )
VOICE TWO :
More than one - hundred - twenty - five land masses make up the Galapagos .
Only nineteen are large enough to be considered islands .
The Galapagos are a province of Ecuador .
The island group lies across the equator about one - thousand kilometers west of the coast of South America .
The Galapagos Islands are generally dry .
Giant cactus and other smaller thorny desert plants grow just above the coast of the larger islands .
Higher up is a wetter area that produces small trees .
Above that are tall trees and bushes .
That level can be foggy with wet clouds surrounding the tree tops .
Sunflower trees live on the highest part of the tallest islands .
They can grow more than fifteen meters in height .
VOICE ONE :
Scientists have been wondering for years about the position of the Galapagos in the Pacific Ocean .
Scientists used to think that the islands were connected to the South American mainland and floated out to sea slowly .
Today , most scientists think the islands were always where they are now .
But , they think the islands once were a single land mass under water .
Volcanic activity broke the large island into pieces that came to the surface of the sea over time .
But scientists wonder how animals arrived on Galapagos if the islands were always so far from the mainland .
Scientists think most Galapagos plants and animals floated to the islands .
When rivers flood in South America , small pieces of land flow into the ocean .
These rafts can hold trees and bushes .
( Photo - Rosalind Cohen , NOAA )
The rafts also can hold small mammals and reptiles .
The adult Galapagos tortoise clearly is too big for a trip hundreds of kilometers across the ocean .
But , turtle eggs or baby turtles would be small enough to float to the islands .
VOICE TWO :
( Photo - Rosalind Cohen , NOAA )
The islands are home to many unusual birds , reptiles and small mammals .
Some of the animals live no where else on Earth .
The tortoise is the most famous Galapagos reptile .
But it is not rarer than the marine iguana .
It is the only iguana in the world that goes into the ocean .
The marine iguana eats seaweed .
It can dive at least fifteen meters below the ocean surface .
And it can stay down there for more than thirty minutes .
Several strange birds also live on the Galapagos .
One of them is the only penguin that lives on the equator .
Another is the frigate bird .
It has loose skin on its throat that it can blow up into a huge red balloon - like structure .
It does this to attract females who make observation flights over large groups of males .
VOICE ONE :
The Galapagos also are noted for a bird that likes water better than land or air .
The cormorant is able to fly in all the other places it lives around the world .
But , the Galapagos cormorant has extremely short wings .
They can not support flight .
But they work well for swimming .
The Galapagos Islands also have a large collection of small birds called Darwin¡¯s finches .
Charles Darwin studied the finches carefully when he visited the Galapagos in Eighteen - Thirty - Five .
He separated the birds by the shapes of their beaks .
Finches that lived in different places and ate different foods had different shaped beaks .
(( MUSIC BRIDGE ) )
VOICE TWO :
Scientists continue to study life on the Galapagos Islands .
But , they have just begun to study the deepest parts of the ocean that surrounds the islands .
The Smithsonian Institution in Washington , D - C sent marine biologist Carole Baldwin to the Galapagos .
Mizz Baldwin traveled nine - hundred meters down to the bottom of the ocean near the islands .
She did so in a clear plastic bubble watercraft called the Johnson Sea - Link Two .
The Sea -Link has powerful lights to battle the extreme darkness of the deep .
The watercraft also has several long robotic arms .
They collect sealife .
The trips to the bottom of the sea resulted in the discovery of more than ten new kinds of sea life .
Some of the discoveries were captured on film .
VOICE ONE :
The Smithsonian currently is showing a special movie about Mizz Baldwin¡¯s trip to the Galapagos .
The movie was filmed using the Imax 3 - D technique .
The movie is shown on a huge screen at the Museum of Natural History in Washington , D - C .
Three - D movies on huge screens give images much more depth .
People who watch the movie wear large glasses to observe the 3 - D effect .
They experience the movie in a different way .
For example , some viewers reach out to touch a Galapagos tortoise because it seems so close .
Other viewers throw back their heads to avoid the splash of a wave on a rock on Santa Cruz island .
It is easy to forget that the images are on a screen and are not real .
The movie tries to provide an experience similar to a forty - minute visit to the interesting and unusual Galapagos Islands .
(( THEME ) )
VOICE TWO :
This Special English program was written and produced by Caty Weaver .
This is Steve Ember .
VOICE ONE :
And this is Mary Tillotson .
Join us again next week for another Explorations program on the Voice of America .
-----
This V - O - A Explorations Report is published courtesy of VOAnews.com
In Distutils , every package has some metadata fields , defined in PEP 314 .
The setup.py script is the place where you provide them , by calling the setup function , located in distutils .
core .
Each argument passed to the function can be one of these metadata .
So basically , you can describe your distribution in the setup .py file like this :
from distutils .
core import setup setup( name= ' MyDistribution ' , version = ' 0.1 ' , description= ' cool ' , packages= [' my_package ' ] , ext_modules= [ Extension ( ' foo ' , ' foo. c ' ) ] )
Notice that packages and ext_modules in this example are not part of the Metadata fields .
They are extra fields used by some commands .
From there , various distutils commands can be called using this script .
They will get these options and act upon .
For instance , the sdist command will build a source distribution and create a static PKG - INFO file that contains the metadata fields .
It will extract them from the arguments you ’ve passed to setup.py .
The install command will install this PKG - INFO file in your Python installation alongside your packages and modules ( since Python 2.5 ) and some tools like Distribute or Setuptools will let you read these information once the distribution is installed .
You can even get the metadata fields values by asking for them directly through setup.py :
$ python setup.py -- name MyDistribution
Another example : the register command can send the metadata or your distribution to PyPI .
They will be made available on PyPI website and also through its XML - RPC interface :
>>> import xmlrpclib >>> server = xmlrpclib .
Server ( ' http://pypi.python.org/pypi') >>> server.release_data(' distribute ' , ' 0.6 ' ) [ ' author ' ]
' The fellowship of the packaging ' >>> server.release_data(' distribute ' , ' 0.6 ' ) [ ' keywords ' ]
' CPAN PyPI distutils eggs package management '
Limitations of metadata
Metadata are pretty handy , but there are some obstructing limitations we bumped into when we started to work on packaging matters during last Pycon .
Platform - dependant metadata
We wanted to extend the Metadata fields list in order to add a “ requires ” field that can be used to list the requirements ( in term others python packages or modules ) .
For instance , if you want to define that your project depends on simplejson , you could write :
from distutils .
core import setup setup( name= ' MyDistribution ' , version = ' 0.1 ' , description= ' cool ' , packages= [' my_package ' ] , ext_modules= [ Extension ( ' foo ' , ' foo.c ' ) ] , requires= [ ' simplsjon ' ] )
This is not a new proposal .
It was proposed in PEP 345 , but never really used .
Since then , Setuptools provided a similar field , called “ install_requires ” together with easy_install script that acts a bit like a package manager .
easy_install reads the requirements and install them when you install a distribution .
But the limitation of those requirement fields is that they might be platform - dependant .
For example , you do n’t need to install simplejson anymore under 2.6 since a json library was included in the standard library .
In other cases you might have different dependencies depending if you run under windows or linux , and so on .
So to be able to get the metadata right , you have to work a little bit in your setup .py file :
from distutils .
core import setup import sys if sys.version_info[ 0 ] == 2 and sys.version_info[ 1 ]
< 6 : requires = [ ' simplejson ' ] else : requires = [ ] setup( name= ' MyDistribution ' , version = ' 0.1 ' , description= ' cool ' , packages= [' my_package ' ] , ext_modules= [ Extension ( ' foo ' , ' foo.c ' ) ] , requires=requires )
But the metadata will only be available at install time , when the install command will execute the code of setup.py on the target system .
Code - dependant metadata
In other words , once a field like requires is added in the Metadata , you will not know for sure if it ’s reliable when you look at the project page at PyPI .
That ’s because the metadata you will see there will be the one created by the person that called the register command and sent the result .
This result is tighted to his environment , not yours .
To be able to get the metadata for your environment you will need to run that code again , by downloading the package , then running a setup.py command .
Let ’s try to do it with the lxml source distribution .
Let ’s try to get the name field :
$ python setup.py -- name Building lxml version 2.2.2 .
NOTE : Trying to build without Cython , pre-generated ' src/lxml/lxml.etree.c' needs to be available .
Using build configuration of libxslt 1.1.12 Building against libxml2 / libxslt in the following directory : /usr / lib lxml
What happened here ?
Frankly I am not sure .
But asking for the name ( that appears on the last line ) called a bunch of code located in the distribution .
I could probably ask the lxml team to fix this output , and make sure setup.py can still be used to work with the metadata , but this was just to demonstrate a flaw in the way Distutils works : you need to run third party code just to get the metadata of a distribution you ’re not even sure you are going to install on your system .
The setup.cfg file
Part of the problem can be resolved by putting the metadata in a static file alongside setup.py .
As a matter of fact , the setup.cfg file is already used by distutils to store some options .
There ’s even a global section that can be used to set the metadata into the Distribution object Distutils creates when you run setup ( ) .
Using the global section that way is not documented and probably not intended .
What ’s intended is to be able to set some global options like “ verbose ” or such things .
See http://docs.python.org/install/index.html#syntax-of-config-files
But the code is a generic setter , that allows you to pass any field ( so the metadata ) .
Call it a bug if you want , but I was pretty excited to see that I could pass my metadata to Distutils through it .
Unfortunately these values are not passed to the DistributionMetadata subobject in Distutils , so it does n’t work exactly like the arguments passed to setup ( ) .
Too bad 😉
I could change this right away in the code , but we have better plans I think .
A new setup section
Instead of working in the global section which should stay specific to running options , let ’s create a new section and put the metadata in them .
[ setup ] name : MyDistribution version : 0.1 description : cool
The setup.py script stays , but is now not containing any metadata field , and does only contain what I would call “ working arguments ” .
e.g. argument used by commands that are not part of the Metadata :
from distutils .
core import setup
setup ( packages=[' my_package ' ] , ext_modules= [ Extension ( ' foo ' , ' foo. c ' ) ] )
What about platform - dependant fields ?
In order not to require any third party code to read the metadata , we need a way to express platform - dependant fields in the setup.cfg file .
The proposed way is to have platform - dependant sections :
[ setup ] name : MyDistribution version : 0.1 description : cool conditional - sections : py25 [ py25 ] condition : python_version == ' 2.5 ' requires : simplejson
The py25 section is read only if the expression is true .
Another example :
[ setup ] name : MyDistribution version : 0.1 description : cool conditional - sections : py25 , py26 [ py25 ] condition : python_version == ' 2.5 ' or python_version == ' 2.4 ' requires : simplejson [ py26 ] condition : python_version == ' 2.6 ' and sys_platform == ' win32 ' requires : bar
here , “ bar ” will be installed under Python 2.6 under Windows , and “ simpljson ” under Python 2.5 or 2.4 on any platform .
Distutils will provide a new function that is able to interpret the expressions provided in the condition , and calculate the metadata depending on the platform .
That ’s still some code we are running here , but :
We are restricting the execution context to the bare minimum : python_version , sys_platform , os_name , and all values returned by os.uname ( )
The function will be vanilla Python : you will be able to extract the metadata without running a third party code , and knowing that the execution is restricted to a few string comparisons .
The code can be executed at PyPI without any potential security issue , meaning that the XML - RPC functions will be able to send you back the metadata of a packages depending on your environment .
In other word , a package manager would be able to list all the dependency of a distribution for the target platform without downloading any of these distribution .
There will always be edge cases
For the 1 % of distributions that need more work to calculate the metadata , setup.py will still be present and any option passed as an argument will override a value provided by setup.cfg .
They ’ll just have to add a flag in the setup.cfg file , indicating that it does not provides all the metadata , and that running setup.py is required :
[ setup ] name : MyDistribution version : 0.1 description : cool static - metadata : false
If this flag is present , people will now that running setup.py is mandatory to get the full set of metadata .
For example , if the web service provided at PyPI to get the metadata , will be able to return a platform specific set if we provide the target environment .
Let ’s say we add in distutils an ‘ execution_environment ‘ that returns the environment used to interpret the setup.cfg file :
China 's 25 - year - old world No1 , Wang Hao , has finally been deemed old enough to have a girlfriend by Chinese table tennis officials , according to local media .
The men's singles world champion fell foul of the administration 's rules on romantic liaisons five years ago when he started going out with fellow national team player Fan Ying .
In a move that dismayed women 's rights activists but was perhaps more about their relative world rankings , Wang was not punished but 17 - year - old Fan was dismissed from the national team and sent back to her province .
With a world title and two Olympic silver medals under his belt , however , Wang 's new relationship with former national champion Peng Luyang has been given the seal of approval by national team manager Huang Biao .
" We never forbid a player having a girlfriend as long as he meets the age requirement , " Huang told Chengdu Business Daily newspaper .
" As for the relationships between players , we do not advocate them but we do not oppose them either .
" Wang is 26 and Lu is 23 .
It is normal to have a love affair at this age , " Huang added , using the traditional Chinese method of calculating age that makes children one year old at birth .
It is possible that table tennis officials , among the most conservative in China 's state sports system , now believe a long - term relationship with Peng will prove a stabilising influence on Wang .
Last October , he was offered counselling after an altercation with a karaoke club security guard .
Domestic media , quoting witnesses , said Wang had shouted : " I am the famous Wang Hao !
I am the world champion !
Does it matter if I beat you ? "
Table tennis officials played down the incident saying there had been no brawling and that the story had been amplified because of Wang 's celebrity status in table tennis - mad China .
Wang 's former girlfriend Fan , who was reduced to tears by her exile from the national team , has since returned and is currently ranked 19th in the world in women 's singles .
The charity set up by the late Christopher Reeve has been hit with a lawsuit by the organisation 's former vice president , accusing bosses of unfair dismissal .
Bruce Morgan has filed papers in New Jersey alleging he was fired from his position at the Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation ( CDRF ) in April ( 09 ) , after he stopped work when the group refused to hand over his wages .
Morgan claims the charity 's president Peter Wilderotter , who is targeted in the lawsuit , told him " severe cutbacks were imminent " because the company had lost more than $ 2.3 million ( £ 1.4 million ) .
Morgan alleges bosses then withheld his wages for three months before dismissing him abruptly in April ( 09 ) , violating his employment contract that required six months ' notice .
Morgan is seeking lost wages and unspecified punitive damages from the charity , which raises money for spinal cord injury research .
Superman star Reeve lent his name and support to the organisation , originally called the American Paralysis Foundation , after he was paralysed in a 1995 riding accident .
Reeve 's wife Dana became Chair of the Foundation after the actor 's death in 2004 , and executives renamed the charity in her honour after she passed away in 2006 .
There can be no doubt at all at this point that the Chinese recovery is real ( in the sense that output is expanding significantly ) .
Here are just some of the news indicating this : Exports fell by only 15.2 % in September from a year ago , the smallest drop in a year .
Meanwhile imports fell even less at only 3.5 % .
Adjusting for the drop in price , real imports likely rose from a year ago .
As a result the Chinese trade surplus dropped by more than 50 % to $ 12.9 billion .
Electriciy consumption rose 10.2 % .
Passenger car vehicle sales in September rose a full 84 % compared to a year ago , rising above 1 million ( 12 million at an annual rate ) for thr first time ever , strengthening China 's position as the world 's largest car market .
The much smaller decline in China 's imports was mirrored by a big drop in the rate of decline in South Korea 's exports , which fell by 6.6 % , the by far smallest amount during the latest year .
As Korea 's imports fell by 25 % , this means it went from a balance in trade to a surplus of more than $ 5 billion .
China 's boom will however not only help lift South Korea , but also other Asian countries , and to a lesser extent the rest of the world .
That makes it all the more worrisome that the Chinese boom is partly built on excessive money supply growth , which according to the M2 measure was as high as 29.3 %
While I remain long term bullish on China for reasons explained here , this means that some form of medium term setback looks increasingly likely , which given the current dependence on increased Chinese demand would spread to the rest of the world , particularly other Asian countries .
- video encodings still in process -
" Propaganda is to a democracy what the bludgeon is to a totalitarian state . " -- Noam Chomsky
On Sunday , Oct. 11 , activists , community organizers and concerned citizens from across America took the long walk past the White House to the U.S. Capitol building with rainbow flags blazing and fists in the air , all in the name of equality .
The National Equality March drew an estimated 200,000 people to Washington , D.C. , to send a message to policymakers , Americans and the world at large , that lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people are n’t going to take it anymore .
Equality is on the horizon , almost within arm ’s reach .
A myriad of LGBT issues was discussed in D.C. – the military ’s Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell policy , gay marriage , an inclusive Employment Non-Discrimination
Act and changing attitudes toward LGBT people in general ­– and a spirit of hope filled the air :
Yes we can .
Speaking of Obama ’s catchphrase , he became the second president to speak at the Human Rights Campaign ’s annual national dinner on the eve of the march .
Former President Clinton spoke as well , but not until he was elected to his second term .
And while Obama should be applauded for so publicly affirming his commitment to the LGBT community – especially before he has secured an additional four - year stay at the White House – where were the specifics ?
“ This fight continues now , and I ’m here with a simple message : I ’m here with you in that fight , ” said Obama to an uproar of applause at the HRC national dinner .
While that ’s all well and good , where ’s the plan of action ?
It seems that Obama is only committed to appeasing the queers with speeches at black - tie dinners .
It was a good thing Obama opened for Lady GaGa at the HRC national dinner ( he spoke right before she performed , and joked about being the opening act ) , because she seems to be taking more action than him to help the LGBT community .
The Lady herself one - upped the leader of the free world by speaking at on the steps of the Capitol building , an opportunity Obama declined .
“ I have seen and witnessed so many things over the past two years and I can say with such certainty that this is the single most important moment of my career [ being at the march ] , ” said Lady GaGa at the rally following the march .
“ As a woman in pop music … To do my part , I refuse to accept any misogynistic and homophobic behavior in music lyrics or actions in the music industry . ”
Lady GaGa even had the gumption to call out her opening act during her speech .
“ Obama , I know that you ’re listening .
Are you listening ? ” screamed Lady GaGa .
“ We will continue to push you and your administration to bring your words of promise to a reality .
We need change now .
We demand action now . ”
The pop star even made the rounds to gay bars prior to the march urging people to get their “ asses to D.C. and wear something fabulous . ”
It seems the queers now have a new first lady .
Or at least one that is willing to step out of the safety of a black tie dinner that creates a clear stratification of LGBT Americans :
One must be able to pay the $ 250.00 minimum admission fee to get in , clearing leaving a lot of LGBT people out .
That ’s why the streets of D.C. were filled with drag queens , rainbows , signs and marchers with every identity possible , all with their own individual interests and oppressions :
The accessibility made the march beautiful .
The march unified the many factions of the LGBT community in a way not seen for sometime .
The fight for civil rights was reignited .
Celebrities came out in full force to endorse the march .
History was made .
The National Equality March changed the name of the game for LGBT people :
The movement for equality is no longer on the backburner , not when it has zoomed past the White House to break down the door of Congress ’ home .
SEATTLE , Washington ( CNN ) --
A wiry , slightly hunched man presses in a few numbers , the electronic lock gives way with a beep and the group presses into the crowded laboratory , plastered with ominous warnings about toxins and biohazards .
Breathing a small amount of toxic hydrogen sulfide gas put this mouse into a state that looked much like death .
Guiding the visitors at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center is Mark Roth , a 50 - year - old biologist with a tall forehead , thinning red hair and a perpetual wry smile .
He asks his assistant , Jennifer Blackwood , if the rat is ready .
It is .
She turns a dial , and the sealed enclosure starts to fill with poison gas -- hydrogen sulfide .
An ounce could kill dozens of people .
The rat sniffs the air a few times , and within a minute , his naturally twitchy movements are almost still .
On a monitor that shows his rate of breathing , the lines look like a steep mountain slope , going down .
At first glance , that looks bad .
We need oxygen to live .
If you do n't get it for several minutes -- for example , if you suffer cardiac arrest or a bad gunshot wound -- you die .
But something else is going on inside this rat .
He is n't dead , is n't dying .
The reason why , some people think , is the future of emergency medicine .
You see , Roth thinks he 's figured out the puzzle .
" While it 's true we need oxygen to live , it 's also a toxin , " he explains .
Scientists are starting to understand that death is n't caused by oxygen deprivation itself , but by a chain of damaging chemical reactions that are triggered by sharply dropping oxygen levels .
The thing is , those reactions require the presence of some oxygen .
Hydrogen sulfide takes the place of oxygen , preventing those reactions from taking place .
No chain reaction , no cell death .
The patient lives .
Watch more on how a scientist suspends animation »
' Cheating Death ' Hear about the medical miracles that are saving lives in the face of death , taken from Dr. Sanjay Gupta 's new book " Cheating Death . " 8 and 11 p.m. ET Saturday - Sunday on CNN .
see full schedule »
Roth 's work was inspired in part by personal tragedy .
In 1995 , his world was turned upside down when his new daughter , Hannah , died after a year of painful medical problems .
After that , he decided to go for broke -- to try to tackle something big .
" It focuses the mind , when certain things happen to people , and it certainly focused mine . "
Read more about ways to cheat death
After that , and after his conceptual breakthrough , Roth was ready to experiment .
First up : developing fish embryos .
He found a way to drain the oxygen from their cells , and they would n't die -- they 'd just stop growing .
When he put the oxygen back , they 'd pick up where they left off .
If he suspended them for a day , they took a day longer to develop .
No more , no less .
Nothing else was different .
Next up were fruit flies .
This time , he gassed them .
They seemed to die ; they stopped moving .
Then he returned them to fresh air , and the flies came back to life .
New CPR beat back death for a young mom
The air we breathe is 21 percent oxygen .
At 5 percent , those fish and flies -- like us -- would be dead in a few minutes .
At 0.1 percent , it was another story .
" You get a state of suspended animation and the creatures do not pass away , and that 's the basis of what we see as an alternative way to think about critical care medicine , " Roth says .
" What you want to do is to have the patient 's time slowed down , while everyone around them [ like doctors ] move at what we would call real time . "
If the patient 's time -- the process of your death -- were slowed down , doctors would have more time to fix you .
In medicine , time is key .
An analogy is the history of open heart surgery .
For years , surgeons had the technical tools to make simple repairs on the heart , but they could n't help patients until the development of the heart - lung machine made it possible to preserve the body for more than a few minutes without a heartbeat .
Get an easy CPR lesson from an expert »
In rolled - up sleeves and blue Converse sneakers , Roth does n't look the Army type , but by 2001 , he had caught the attention of the U.S. military , through the lens of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency .
DARPA was looking for a way to protect soldiers on the battlefield from death by catastrophic blood loss .
With more than a quarter - million dollars of DARPA money , Roth tried hydrogen sulfide on mice , and it worked .
It was n't quite the same experiment -- he did n't give the mice enough gas to shut down their metabolism entirely , or to kill them , but enough to drop their breathing rate to less than 10 percent of normal .
When he reversed the process six hours later , the mice were fine .
That success landed Roth in the pages of Ripley 's Believe it or Not , got him a MacArthur Genius Grant and helped him win more than $ 600 million worth of venture capital funding for Ikaria , the company he co-founded .
But after that , the ride hit a bump .
It 's been harder than expected to get large animals , like swine , into anything close to suspended animation .
Ikaria had to develop an injectable form ; the current drug in development is based on sodium sulfide , which dissolves to become hydrogen sulfide in the blood .
Trials to test its safety in humans are under way in Canada and Australia .
Tweet about your own medical miracle , and you could win a copy of " Cheating Death "
" [ Using hydrogen sulfide ] is so simple , it 's genius , " says David Lefer , a researcher and cardiothoracic surgeon at Emory University , who is now experimenting with hydrogen sulfide in his own lab .
" But the failures with larger animals have been a big disappointment .
To make this effective for humans may take a combination of sodium sulfide and additional agents .
We 're just not sure what form it will take . "
Animal trials that test sodium sulfide have produced some striking results .
Lefer found that it protects mice 's hearts during simulated heart attacks .
He gave each mouse a dose so small that it was gone from the body 15 minutes later .
A full day later , he would induce a heart attack .
Subsequent examination found that in the mice that were given sodium sulfide , cells suffered 72 percent less damage than in unprotected mice .
Other researchers are exploring different approaches to tweak metabolism in a critical care setting .
A group in Minnesota is developing a drug based on chemicals found in hibernating squirrels .
Dr. Philip Bickler , an anesthesiologist at the University of California , San Francisco Medical Center is also studying animals , including whales and dolphins -- mammals like us , except that they can hold their breath for two hours underwater even during vigorous activity .
Bickler says , " There 's a lot of potential there .
It has n't been studied in extreme detail , but there may be new ways to protect human tissue from injury .
Watch how a 22 - year - old cheated death »
The white rat on display in Roth 's lab is n't being suspended -- by his description , it 's more like a slow - forward button , or a dimmer switch on a light .
About 50 minutes after giving the animal a dose of hydrogen sulfide , Roth tells Blackwood to turn off the gas .
Normal air flows back into the glass case .
The zigzag lines on the monitors shoot upward .
In a few minutes , the rat is scurrying around as if nothing had happened .
Roth says he'd be happy to simply develop a drug that can be used in a conventional medical setting .
But with a hint of mischief , he admits he does n't really know how far this could go .
Would it work on people ?
" There are almost certainly reasons it would not , but I do n't know what they are yet , " he said .
In the meantime , he 's having fun trying to change the way we look at life itself .
" With those fish , I turn off the heartbeat so they are clinically dead .
But I can bring them back .
So they must not have been dead , after all . "
All About Emergency Medicine • Death and Dying • Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
Family Guy and the Washington Post Multiverse
Just one artist 's rendering of what Stewie described in this last Sunday 's season premier of Family Guy -
" Stewie spots an overweight cat with dollar signs for eyes and a hat that says " social security " pouring a bucket that says “ alternative minimum tax ” over a sad Statue of Liberty holding a democracy umbrella . "
-- Andrew Hanson of the LA Times
Tags : 301 redirects , boehrbug , estimix , got sleeves , htaccess , iconfinder , rollgator , umbrella today
This entry was posted on Tuesday , September 15th , 2009 at 3:00 am .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
Offshore - Energie Deutschland bekommt ersten Mega - Windpark auf dem Meer
Neue Kraft von der Nordsee : Nach jahrelangen Verzögerungen soll noch in diesem September der Bau des ersten kommerziellen Offshore - Windparks beginnen .
Er wird Strom für 400.000 Haushalte produzieren .
Von Henning Zander
New Testament >
Revelation >
God Burns Remaining Humans to Death Revelation 20:4
Then I saw the souls of those who had been decapitated for their testimony about Jesus and for the word of God .
They had not worshipped the beast or its image and had not received its mark on their foreheads or their hands .
" If you want to tell people the truth , make them laugh , otherwise they 'll kill you . "
- Oscar Wilde
" The cure for boredom is curiosity .
There is no cure for curiosity . "
~ Dorothy Parker
" Just wanna travel , learn new things , drink martinis , explore , be curious , create adventures , then die , do n't wanna collect things , own things or settle down " ~ wiseman
“ The only absolute knowledge attainable by man is that life is meaningless . ” – Leo Tolstoy
“ Life is a tragedy to those who feel , and a comedy to those who think . ” - Jean de la Bruyere
“ The whole object of comedy is to be yourself and the closer you get to that , the funnier you will be . ” - Jerry Seinfeld
Designing a New Class of Distributed Systems , by Rao Mikkilineni
Designing a New Class of Distributed Systems closely examines the Distributed Intelligent Managed Element ( DIME ) Computing Model , a new model for distributed systems , and provides a guide to implementing Distributed Managed Workflows with High Reliability , Availability , Performance and Security .
The book also explores the viability of self - optimizing , self - monitoring autonomous DIME - based computing systems .
Designing a New Class of Distributed Systems is designed for practitioners as a reference guide for innovative distributed systems design .
Researchers working in a related field will also find this book valuable .
Buy Now
Concurrent Programming in Java , by Douglas Lea
The Java platform provides a broad and powerful set of APIs , tools , and technologies .
One of its most powerful capabilities is the built - in support for threads .
This makes concurrent programming an attractive yet challenging option for programmers using the Java programming language .
The book shows readers how to use the Java platform 's threading model more precisely by helping them to understand the patterns and tradeoffs associated with concurrent programming .
--- Amazon.com
Buy Now
Concurrent Programming on Windows , by Joe Duffy .
This book explains how to design , implement , and maintain large - scale concurrent programs , primarily using C# and C++ for Windows .
Buy Now
Harnessing the UEFI Shell , Moving the platform beyond DOS By Michael Rothman , Tim Lewis , Vincent Zimmer and Robert Hale
The Unified Extensible Firmware Interface ( UEFI )
Shell is designed for programmers who are writing automation process software for computer - based equipment .
In Harnessing the UEFI Shell the authors describe the features and capabilities of the shell for the UEFI
Buy Now
Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives , How to Optimize Software Applications Using Intel® IPP , by Stewart Taylor
Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives ( Intel® IPP ) is a software library for application developers that increases performance from Intel 's latest microprocessors .
Incorporating these functions into your code provides time - to - market advantages while reducing the overall cost of development .
Buy Now
Intel® Threading Building Blocks : Outfitting C++ for Multi-core Processor Parallelism , by James Reinders
Parallelism for C++ as defined by Intel Threading Building Blocks is being heralded as the key for multi-core programming in C ++.
In this book , James Reinders explains the library in a way that furnishes novices and experts alike with a clear and accessible discussion of the complexities of concurrency .
The book is also packed with illustrative examples .
Buy Now
Java Concurrency in Practice , by Brian Goetz et al .
Brian 's book covers the basic concepts of concurrency and thread safety , techniques for building and composing thread - safe classes , and using the concurrency building blocks in java.util.concurrent .
It also includes performance optimization dos and don'ts , testing concurrent programs and advanced topics such as atomic variables , nonblocking algorithms , and the Java Memory Model .
Buy Now
Mastering High Performance Multiprocessor Signaling , Electrical Design with the Intel® QuickPath Interconnect , By David Coleman and Michael Mirmak
Mastering High Performance Multiprocessor
Signaling explains the electrical design , board layout , test & measurement , and validation elements involved in implementing the Intel QuickPath Interconnect , the foundation of future generations of Intel® microprocessor systems , using a high speed , packetized , point - to - point system interconnect that uses multiple narrow high speed differential links to stitch together processors into a fabric of a distributed shared memory - style platform architecture .
Buy Now
Multi-Core Programming Increasing Performance through Software Multi - threading , by Shameem Akhter and Jason Roberts .
Discover programming techniques for Intel multi-core architecture and Hyper - Threading Technology
Software developers can no longer rely on increasing clock speeds alone to speed up single - threaded applications ; instead , to gain a competitive advantage , developers must learn how to properly design their applications to run in a threaded environment .
Multi -core architectures have a single processor package that contains two or more processor " execution cores , " or computational engines , and deliver - with appropriate software - fully parallel execution of multiple software threads .
Hyper -Threading Technology enables additional threads to operate on each core .
Intel Press ISBN 0-9764832-4-6
For more information please check at : www.intel.com/intelpress
Buy Now
Optimizing Applications for Multi-Core Processors , Using the Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives , Second Edition , by Stewart Taylor
Whether you are developing a Windows * , Linux * , or Mac OS * application for a laptop , desktop , or server , the Intel® Integrated Performance Primitives ( IPP ) will help you obtain the highest application performance and get the most out of todays multi-core processors .
Buy Now
Parallel Programming in C with MPI and OpenMP , by Michael J. Quinn
This book is a great introduction to parallel computing .
It is pragmatic and focuses on what you need to know to be productive with C and MPI or OpenMP .
Buy Now
Patterns for Parallel Programming , by Timothy G. Mattson , Beverly A. Sanders , Berna L. Massingill
This book is designed to help people new to parallel computing “ think parallel ” .
It uses design patterns to present the essence of how experts think about parallel programming .
Examples are provided in MPI , OpenMP and Java ; though really the book is useful for any parallel programming language you may choose to use .
Buy Now
Principles of Concurrent Programming , by M. Ben - Ari
Buy Now
Principles of Concurrent and Distributed Programming ( 2nd edition ) , by M. Ben - Ari
The book focuses on algorithmic principles rather than language syntax with an emphasis on the use of the Spin model checker for modeling concurrent systems and verifying program correctness and includes and explains the implementation of concurrency in the Java and Ada languages .
It also helps to facilitate lab work with software tools for learning concurrent and distributed programming .
--- Amazon.com
Buy Now
Principles of Parallel Programming , by Calvin Lin and Larry Snyder .
The book emphasizes the principles underlying parallel computation , explains the various phenomena , and clarifies why these phenomena represent opportunities or barriers to successful parallel programming .
Ideal for an advanced upper - level undergraduate course , Principles of Parallel Programming supplies enduring knowledge that will outlive the current hardware and software , aiming to inspire future researchers to build tomorrow ’s solutions .
Buy Now
Programming with Hyper - Threading Technology , How to Write Multithreaded Software for Intel® IA - 32 Processors , by Andrew Binstock and Richard Gerber
Programming with Hyper - Threading Technology helps software developers write high - performance multithreaded code while avoiding the common parallel programming issues that usually plague threaded programs .
This book highlights how software developers can use Hyper - Threading Technology to maximize processor throughput , efficiency , and parallelism .
It is a practical , hands - on volume with immediately usable code examples that enable readers to quickly master the necessary building blocks .
Buy Now
Programming with POSIX ® Threads , by David R. Butenhof
An in - depth description of the IEEE operating system interface standard , POSIX threads , commonly called Pthreads .
You will attain a solid understanding of threads and will discover how to put this powerful mode of programming to work in real - world applications .
--- Amazon.com
Buy Now
Real World Haskell , by John Goerzen , Bryan O'Sullivan , Donald Bruce Stewart
This easy - to - use , fast - moving tutorial introduces you to functional programming with Haskell .
You 'll learn how to use Haskell in a variety of practical ways , from short scripts to large and demanding applications .
Buy Now
Software Development for Embedded Multi-Core Systems , by Max Domeika
A Practical Guide Using Embedded Intel Architecture that provides embedded engineers with solid grounding in the skills required to develop software targeting multicore processors .
Within the text , the author undertakes an in - depth exploration of performance analysis , and a close - up look at the tools of the trade .
Buy Now
The Art of Concurrency - A Thread Monkey 's Guide to Writing Parallel Applications By Clay Breshears
" The Art of Concurrency " focuses on implementing algorithms in the shared - memory model of multi-core processors and will give you the hands - on experience you need .
You 'll get detailed explanations and usable samples to help you transform algorithms from serial to parallel code , along with advice and analysis to steer you clear of mistakes .
Buy Now
The Software Optimization Cookbook , Second Edition
High - Performance Recipes for IA - 32 Platforms , by Richard Gerber , Aart J.C. Bik , Kevin B. Smith and Xinmin Tian
The Software Optimization Cookbook , provides updated recipes for high - performance applications on Intel platforms .
Through simple explanations and examples , the authors show you how to address performance issues with algorithms , memory access , branch prediction , automatic vectorization , SIMD instructions , multiple threads , and floating - point calculations .
Buy Now
Twelve Ways to Fool the Masses When giving Performance Results on Parallel Computers , David H. Bailey , Supercomputing Review , Aug. 1991 , pp. 54-55
This is one of the most cited papers in the parallel computing literature .
Want to know how to manipulate your manager using performance results ?
This is the paper for you .
Download Now !
Using OpenMP Portable Shared Memory Parallel Programming , by Barbara Chapman , Gabriel Jost and Ruud Van Der Pas
OpenMP is the number one API for shared memory parallel computers .
This book discusses OpenMP version 2.5 and is the most up to date text available about this important language and how it is used .
The emphasis is on scientific computing , but the algorithms and techniques described are relevant to any class of parallel algorithm .
Buy Now
Weaving High Performance Multiprocessor Fabric , Architectural Insights to the Intel® QuickPath Interconnect , By Robert A. Maddox , Gurbir Singh and Robert J. Safranek
Weaving High Performance Multiprocessor Fabric is written for hardware design , validation and BIOS engineers to introduce the compelling mix of performance and features in the Intel® QuickPath Interconnect .
It explains the Intel QuickPath Interconnect , which provides the foundation for future generations of Intel® microprocessor systems .
Buy Now
For a political obsessive , party conferences are a treat .
Whether it's the party bit ( drinking bad wine by the sea at 3 am in the company of half - cut , gloriously indiscreet politicians and hangers - on ) or the conference bit ( earnest discussions at 8 am on the best way to reduce child poverty ) , there can be a real charge to these events , born of the sense that you never know what you are about to discover or understand .
What you hope to hear are policies that make sense of the world , and give you some faith in the future .
And I ought , this year , to feel optimistic , because I heard both .
Instead I am depressed .
Because the policies that had promise do n't belong to a single party .
Each of the main parties , it seems to me , has half the prescription for the country right , and half badly wrong .
Which leaves voters like me aghast at the consequences of the choice ahead .
The Tories ' desire to cut spending and the deficit as fast as possible looks dangerously simplistic .
If they plan to do as they say , slashing expenditure regardless of whether the recovery is established , they risk wrecking the economy and undermining their new , compassionate social policies .
The history of their misjudgments over the last year – opposing the borrowing and stimulus that have kept the economy afloat – give one little confidence that they will make the right decisions in the future .
At one Tory fringe meeting a senior City figure , Clive Cowdrey of the Resolution Foundation , was emphatic that the Tories were making a fundamental mistake in concentrating purely on debt , rather than public investment .
And at the Institute for Fiscal Studies , Robert Chote warns that although severe cuts will have to be made by any party , they must be well planned and cautiously implemented .
There is a narrow path to be trodden between reviving the economy and pitching us into either an inflationary spiral or a depression .
He fears that the Tories may arrive in office just after the start of the financial year and launch an ideologically driven instant reduction programme just as unemployment gathers pace .
If the Conservatives have got the economy wrong , though , no one could argue that Labour have got society right .
Huge increases in public spending have not delivered a fairer or happier society .
Twelve years in , and it is n't possible to have any discussion about public services that does n't stray into discussing the inefficient and soul - destroying consequences of too many regulations and too much target - setting .
The chief executive of a big development agency told me that after three years in the job he seriously wondered if he had achieved anything practical at all .
He had to look for money from 21 different funding streams , each with its own criteria for judging success , and he had to co-ordinate eight other agencies , all with their own performance indicators , which he had to meet .
The waste , the duplication and the time spent on computers – as everyone tried to prove that they were doing what they should be doing – were beyond belief .
And this year there is a new concern : whether the state is now intervening destructively in family and community life .
The story of the two policewomen forbidden by Ofsted from taking care of one another 's children came out just before the Labour conference .
It epitomised a growing fear that responsible adults were no longer free to make decisions in their own lives .
That 's why the elements of Cameron 's conference speech that talked about returning power and autonomy to communities and individuals have struck such a powerful chord .
Cameron is n't appealing to the selfish individualism of the Thatcherite past .
He 's asking people to come together in a spirit of responsibility not only for themselves , but to one another , whether it 's intervening to stop a crime , or form a school .
He wants a cohesive society , but he 's essentially arguing that concentrating too much power in state hands has sapped human dignity and pride .
The Conservatives plan to reverse that , in a way that is much more radical than is yet understood .
Targets will be torn up , replaced by a new focus on results , and on what the public think of what they 're getting .
An organogram of every public service , along with details of its spending , will be placed online .
The idea is that public scrutiny – why does this police service spend seven times more than that one on cars ?
– will become a powerful tool in making services responsive and accountable .
Public servants wo n't look inwards to Whitehall , but outwards to their users .
This is a much more exciting approach than Labour 's worn - out centralisation .
But it 's undermined by the context in which it will happen .
The Tories ' distrust of big government leads them to pull back from the heavy - handed state , but it makes them less likely to fund important social needs , and more likely to leave the economy dangerously adrift .
Labour , on the other hand , is so wedded to state power that it can't distinguish between the right use – refloating the economy – and its overuse .
It leaves voters like me in limbo .
The Lib Dems are no answer ; they are riven by indecision about what they believe .
I want a grown - up party , devoted to human flourishing , that understands the power of the state for both good and ill , and uses it judiciously , rather than ideologically .
And while it does n't exist , millions of us will feel dispossessed .
Everyone tends to float off into space once in a while and fail to see what is sitting there right in front of them .
Recently researchers decided to put the theory of “ inattentional blindness ” to the test : the unicycling clown test .
They documented real - world examples of people who were so distracted by their cell phone use that they failed to see the bizarre occurrence of a unicycling clown passing them on the street .
The study is published in an upcoming issue of Applied Cognitive Psychology .
Compared with individuals walking alone , in pairs , or listening to their ipod , cell phone users were the group most prone to oblivious behavior : only twenty - five percent of them noticed the unicycling clown .
The walkers not using a cell phone noticed the clown over fifty - percent of the time .
Furthermore , the cell phone users had difficulties performing even the simple task of walking , an action that should require relatively few cognitive resources .
They walked more slowly , changed direction more often , were prone to weaving , and acknowledged other individuals more rarely .
Dr. Ira E. Hyman , Jr. at Western Washington University , head researcher of the study , says : “ If people experience so much difficulty performing the task of walking when on a cell phone just think of what this means when put into the context of driving safety .
People should not drive while talking on a cell phone . ”
Furthermore , the research shows that the level of familiarity with the person ’s real - world environment does not affect their attentional awareness .
Mr Balls said there was no place for racism of any kind in schools Schools Secretary Ed Balls has ordered a study into whether members of organisations which " promote racism " should be banned from being teachers .
He told the Labour conference he wanted to ensure there were sufficient " powers " available " to keep racism and BNP activity out of schools " .
The study will be done by former chief inspector of schools Maurice Smith .
Earlier , British National Party leader Nick Griffin said his members were victims of " political oppression " .
Mr Balls told delegates there was " no place for racism of any kind in our schools " .
' Incompatible '
In a letter to Mr Smith , the minister asked for recommendations on whether existing safeguards were adequate " to maintain trust in the teaching profession and protect children and young people from indoctrination and discrimination " .
Although well - intentioned , this misplaced , illiberal , and fundamentally counterproductive proposal will creates martyrs out of the BNP
Evan Harris , Lib Dem MP
The review should look particularly at " whether there is a case for affiliation to an organisation that promotes racism being grounds for barring from the profession " , Mr Balls wrote .
" I have always believed that membership of any organisation that espouses racist views is fundamentally incompatible with the values and ethos of the teaching profession , " he said .
Members of the BNP are already banned from serving in the police and prison services .
Mr Balls cited two referrals of teachers to the General Teaching Council for England for allegedly promoting racist beliefs .
He also highlighted the fact that a list of BNP members leaked last year showed 15 people had identified teaching as their profession .
" We can not know how many more may have chosen not to reveal their profession , " Mr Balls wrote .
Chris Keates , general secretary of teachers ' union NASUWT , said her organisation had long campaigned to have BNP members banned from schools .
" Today 's announcement is a major step forward towards that goal , " she said .
" Previous secretaries of state have been sympathetic , but now we have a clear commitment to take action on this issue .
" All right - minded people understand that an agenda of hatred , bigotry and intolerance has no place in education . "
' Witch hunt '
Mr Griffin told BBC Radio One 's Newsbeat that it was " absolutely wrong " that many of his party 's members felt they had to hide their allegiance .
People who are members of a lawful political party are afraid that they 'll be sacked just for their political beliefs
Nick Griffin
BNP leader " It 's terrible , is n't it ?
That we 've got so much political oppression , so much unfairness in Britain , " he said .
" That people who are members of a lawful political party are afraid that , if for instance , they 're a policeman , they 'll be sacked just for their political beliefs .
" But do n't blame me for that .
That 's the fault of the main political parties and the mass media - the BBC included - who seem to think that it 's OK to have a witch hunt against people who have different political views from themselves . "
Lib Dem MP
Evan Harris , a member of the Human Rights select committee , attacked Ed Balls ' decision to set up a review .
He said : " Although well - intentioned , this misplaced , illiberal , and fundamentally counterproductive proposal will creates martyrs out of the BNP , and yet capture some teachers who have never mentioned politics at work .
" It will add nothing to the existing prohibition on workplace discrimination and harassment in schools , or to professional codes of practice .
" No form of bigotry has any place in the classroom - this will be a glib , clumsy , and partisan way to try and promote tolerance and mutual respect . "
Mr Smith will deliver his report in January .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The New Middle Class Contract
Fall 2009
America 's post - war prosperity has been a wonder of the modern world .
Flexible and adaptable labor and capital markets , a culture that values entrepreneurial initiative and risk - taking , and an openness to the increasingly global economy have all helped create the wealthiest society in history .
Above all , though , America owes its bounty to its vast and robust middle class : a skilled , efficient , and ever - expanding work force upon which American companies have built immense success .
The severe economic contraction of the past year has left many Americans wondering if we are witnessing the end of this age of affluence .
Far more than other recent recessions , the present crisis appears to have exposed underlying weaknesses in our economic foundations , and has involved failures of institutions long taken for granted .
These failures were not simply the result of the burst housing bubble and credit meltdown ; the financial crisis was the straw that broke the backs of ­long - teetering giants .
Americans have now been left to ask if our entire economic system might be similarly vulnerable .
If General Motors can collapse into a heap , what other pillars of our post - war order may yet fall ?
That question is hardly trivial .
In fact , the downfall of GM in particular — which has been very long in coming — offers a disturbingly apt metaphor for America 's post - war economic order .
At the height of its success , GM understood that the company 's booming growth depended on its large and able work force .
And this realization — together with effective lobbying by the unions representing those workers — led to an extensive array of worker entitlements , ranging from generous health - insurance coverage to comprehensive retirement pensions to ­job - security guarantees .
Premised on the growing labor and consumer markets of the boom years , these arrangements over time began to weigh down the company .
But once offered , the benefits proved almost impossible to roll back — and rather than make the difficult choices involved in revising longstanding contracts and face unhappy workers and unions , the company pretended its books could somehow fall into balance by magic .
The old joke that GM was a health - insurance company that made cars on the side increasingly became the company 's grim reality .
As its commitments grew while its profits shrank , GM became unsustainable .
Over the same period , the United States government came to a similar arrangement with the country 's growing and industrious middle class .
To offer some security to the workers powering America 's prosperity , a series of entitlement programs took shape , aimed especially at providing for retirement income and health - care expenses .
These programs ' finances were built on demographic and economic trends that could not have been expected to go on forever ; yet even as their underlying logic has grown obsolete , these arrangements have proven extremely difficult to change .
Today , America 's political leaders are essentially in the position that GM 's management was a decade or two ago :
They have made a contract with the middle class that now threatens to bankrupt all involved , but seem unable to do anything about it .
The dire consequences of failing to change this arrangement are clear .
According to the Congressional Budget Office , the trajectory of spending laid out in President Barack Obama 's first budget would push the nation 's debt to 82 % of gross domestic product at the end of 2019 — up from 41 % at the end of 2008 .
( And that 's before the retirement of the Baby Boom generation hits with full force . )
Politicians of both parties routinely decry this mounting debt and urge a thorough scrubbing of the budget .
But while there is certainly much fat to trim around the edges , the great bulk of America 's debt burden will come from three key entitlement programs : Medicare , Medicaid , and Social Security — the core of the middle - class contract .
For perspective , consider that in 1970 — just a few years after Medicare 's enactment — the defense budget stood at 8.1 % of the nation 's economic output , as measured by GDP .
Combined spending on Social Security , Medicare , and Medicaid , meanwhile , stood at 3.9 % of GDP .
But in 2019 , almost a half - century later , defense is expected to fall to about 5 % of GDP , while the big three entitlement programs will approach 12 % .
By 2050 , they will exceed 18 % of GDP — which is about the historical average of total revenue collection each year .
The U.S. government , like GM today , will then be mainly in the business of providing health and pension benefits , and will struggle to perform its other basic functions — maintaining a standing army , for example — on the side .
The paradox of our entitlement system is that although it is designed to mitigate risk at the individual level , it is now creating a massive ­economy - wide risk .
For years , economists across the political spectrum have been warning that unconstrained federal borrowing will ultimately leave the country unable to issue debt at favorable and affordable rates of interest .
When that point is reached , there will be little choice but to embark on a long period of painful fiscal contraction and austerity , with deep and immediate cuts in benefits and steep rises in taxes .
Like any large political undertaking in our democracy , our entitlement system depends on the loyalty and support of the broad middle class .
It is , after all , fundamentally an arrangement with middle - class voters .
Its benefits accrue largely to them ( with the exception of Medicaid , which nonetheless exists only because of their backing ) .
And the consequences of the system 's fiscal decline — especially the tax burden required to contend with it — will affect the middle class above all , and through them the larger economic engine they make possible .
To sustain American prosperity and pass along a healthy economy to the next generation , the middle - class contract of the post - war years must be revised .
Our entitlement programs need not be abolished — but they do need to be reformed so that they are economically viable , and bolster a thriving free - market economy instead of undermining it .
For such an overhaul to happen , middle - class voters will need to be persuaded that change is necessary , and that it can be undertaken rationally , responsibly , and fairly .
This may be the foremost political challenge of our time .
DEMOGRAPHY IS DESTINY
Social Security , the oldest of our major entitlement programs , aims to provide retirees with a modest income — partly as insurance against poverty in old age , but also to see to it that retired workers receive a base pension bearing some relation to what they earned in their working years .
The program is funded by a dedicated payroll tax of just over 12 % ( half of which is paid by the employer , and half by the employee ) .
This tax has risen significantly over the years — today 's rate is roughly twice what it was in 1960 — as have Social Security benefits .
Although the program is designed to resemble a pension savings plan — in which workers put aside money through taxes and then receive it when they retire — Social Security is in fact a " pay - as - you - go " system :
Tax payments from current workers finance benefits for current retirees .
There is a mathematical limit to what any pay - as - you - go pension system can churn out in benefits , as the implied real rate of return for the average worker over the long run cannot exceed the sum of population growth and real productivity improvement in the economy .
Put simply , what comes in must keep pace with what goes out .
In practice , this means that what will be affordable in the future will depend entirely on the size of the future work force relative to the size of the retiree population , and on the capacity of that work force to produce marketable goods and services .
The world 's richest economies still have the ability to grow through improved productivity , but the sizes of the working and retired populations are another matter entirely .
Since the 1960s , the developed world — and now even newly emerging economies — have seen unprecedented declines in fertility just as life expectancies have risen .
We are living much longer than ever before , and having far fewer children .
In 1940 , men who reached age 65 — the first year of eligibility for Social Security retirement benefits — could expect to live to about age 77 .
Today , a man turning 65 will live , on average , to age 82 .
At the same time , birth rates have plummeted .
In 1955 , at the height of the Baby Boom , the average American woman had 3.5 children ( the so - called total fertility rate , or TFR ) .
Today , the U.S. TFR has fallen to 2.1 — just barely enough to prevent population decline .
To be sure , the problem is far worse in other countries .
Germany , Italy , and Spain all have TFRs below 1.5 .
Japan's has fallen to an astonishing 1.27 .
Between 2010 and 2050 , Japan 's working - age population is expected to decline by nearly 33 million people , or almost 40 % .
But even in comparatively fertile America , rapid increases in our retiree population combined with dwindling growth in the number of workers will put tremendous pressure on government finances and overall economic performance .
Between 2010 and 2050 , the number of Americans aged 65 and older is expected to more than double , growing from 40.5 million to 81.6 million .
Meanwhile , the working - age population — those persons between the ages of 20 and 64 — will increase by only 37 million .
The result is a large decrease in the all - important ­measure of pay - as - you - go pension viability : the ratio of workers to retirees .
Between 2010 and 2050 , it will decrease from about five workers for every retiree to about three .
This demographic shift makes the mathematics of Social Security simply unsustainable .
And the first serious problems are very near at hand .
The program 's trustees now project that the Social Security trust fund will run cash deficits ( that is , will take less in through taxes than must be put out in benefits ) every year after 2016 .
The outlook only gets worse over time : Social Security 's projected unfunded liability is a whopping $ 5.3 trillion over the next 75 years .
Faced with massive imbalances in their state - run pay - as - you - go pension schemes , some other countries are trying to close the gap with ­payroll - tax increases on the current generation of workers , in the hope that more revenue will lessen the pressure for unpopular benefit reductions for current retirees .
The Japanese government , for example , has begun a nearly five - percentage - point increase in that country 's payroll - tax rate , phased in between 2004 and 2017 .
But these kinds of tax - heavy solutions are counterproductive because they will exacerbate the trends causing the pension imbalances in the first place .
The primary problem in these pension systems is that birth rates have fallen , so that the work force is simply too small to carry the full weight of an unreformed pension entitlement .
And overly large pay - as - you - go pension programs are themselves one of the reasons for suppressed fertility .
A large body of economic research confirms that the countries with the most expensive state - run pensions have seen the sharpest drops in birth rates .
A 2005 study by economists Michele Boldrin , Mariacristina De Nardi , and Larry Jones found that a government - run pension system equal to 10 % of a country 's economy correlates with a reduction in the TFR of between 0.7 and 1.6 children , after controlling for other variables .
Why ?
A plausible explanation is that , in earlier times , couples " invested " in children to help care for them in old age .
The advent of expensive social - insurance arrangements reduced the after - tax resources a family had to raise children , while also lessening the economic need for them .
Raising payroll - tax rates to close a Social Security financing gap is therefore the last thing our country should do .
The only long - term ­solution to an aging population is higher birth rates — and to the extent that government can play a role in encouraging these , it is by helping younger families with the costs of raising children , not raising taxes on their earnings .
The Social Security crisis is a function of a larger demographic challenge now faced by every developed nation .
A reformed old - age entitlement will need to take account of this reality and , where possible , try to address it .
THE HEALTH - CARE COST PUZZLE
Medicare — the health - care entitlement program whose enrollees largely overlap with those receiving Social Security benefits — is naturally burdened by the same demographic shifts that are pushing the old - age pension program toward insolvency .
But Medicare also suffers from another vexing problem : rapid growth in health - care costs .
While Social Security provides a cash benefit , Medicare pays for a service — and the price of that service has been skyrocketing for decades .
CBO has estimated that , between 1975 and 2005 , annual Medicare per capita costs rose , on average , 2.4 percentage points more rapidly than per capita GDP growth .
Medicaid 's costs , meanwhile , have grown 2.2 % faster than GDP , and privately funded health - care costs have grown 2.1 % faster than GDP .
Combining escalating health - care cost inflation with the retirement of the Baby Boom generation makes for a budgetary nightmare .
Between 2010 and 2040 , CBO expects the combined costs of Medicare and Medicaid to increase from 4.9 % of GDP to 10.6 % .
President Obama and his aides have increasingly argued that the only way to " bend the cost curve " of Medicare is to enact comprehensive health - care reform with cost - cutting measures that can be applied across the system .
That argument has some appeal ; after all , Medicare buys services for its enrollees from more or less the same hospitals and physicians who take care of everyone else .
And with roughly 15 % of the population lacking stable health coverage , cost - cutting in the absence of a universal insurance arrangement would risk being unfairly imposed on those with the most tenuous access to care .
But upon closer scrutiny , this approach actually seems to have things backward .
Yes , there is an aspect of cost escalation that is traceable to variables outside the government 's control .
Rising wealth and medical discovery are fueling the demand for more and better treatments ( and that should not be resisted in any event ) .
But there is widespread ­agreement that costs are also high and rising in significant part because of gross inefficiencies in how we pay for health care .
Here , the chief culprit is the federal government itself .
The vast majority of Americans get their insurance through one of three sources : Medicare for retirees , Medicaid for the poor , and job - based insurance for workers and their families .
In each instance , federal policy is driving up costs unnecessarily .
In the case of Medicare , most beneficiaries are enrolled in the program 's traditional " fee- for - service " insurance arrangement .
Medicare FFS allows enrollees to see any licensed service provider , with no questions asked .
Medicare does require substantial cost - sharing — including a 20 % co-pay to see a physician , and a deductible of more than $ 1,000 per hospital admission .
But this is ineffective , because about 90 % of the enrollees also have some form of supplemental coverage , which pays for what Medicare does not .
Thus , in most instances , more care does not cost Medicare beneficiaries any more money .
It 's not surprising , then , that the Achilles ' heel of Medicare is volume .
According to CBO , the real price Medicare paid for physician fees dropped between 1997 and 2005 by nearly 5 % , but total spending rose 35 % because of rising use and more intensive treatment .
Employers have been trying for years to move away from Medicare - style FFS in favor of steering patients to higher - quality , lower - cost ­networks of service suppliers .
The private sector is also well ahead of the federal government when it comes to disease management and wellness efforts .
But employers can only do so much when Medicare , the dominant payer in most health - care markets , pushes in exactly the opposite direction .
Because Medicare will finance unlimited use , many individual practitioners and institutions see no reason to give up their autonomy and join an organized delivery model .
All manner of ancillary service providers — labs , home health agencies , hospices , and others — also survive as stand - alone operations because of Medicare 's open network and provider - centric payment systems .
The cost of this escalating use of services in Medicare is felt mainly by current taxpayers , not the program 's enrollees .
Current retirees qualified for the hospital coverage the program provides long ago .
They do not have to pay any additional premium for that coverage in retirement , even though actual costs are well above what was projected when they were working .
Current beneficiaries do pay a premium for physician and outpatient coverage , but it covers only 25 % of the total cost .
The other 75 % is automatically drawn from the U.S. Treasury .
The Medicaid program , meanwhile , fuels growth in health - care costs because it is financed with a flawed system of federal - state matching payments , with no limit on the amount that can be drawn from the Treasury each year .
For every dollar of Medicaid cost , the federal government pays , on average , 57 cents ; the states pick up the rest .
But it 's the states , not the federal government , that call the shots in the program 's management :
They determine who is eligible for what , and how much to pay hospitals and doctors for services .
Under this arrangement , if governors or state agencies want to reduce Medicaid 's cost to their budgets , they have to cut the program by $ 2.30 to save $ 1.00 — because the other $ 1.30 belongs to the federal government .
Paying the full political price for benefit cuts while getting less than half the economic benefit obviously does not appeal to most state politicians .
So instead , they spend most of their energy devising ways to maximize what they can get from the federal government while minimizing the state contribution .
The private insurance market , in which most Americans get their health coverage through an employer , is also far from immune to price distortions caused by government policy .
The federal tax treatment of private employer - sponsored coverage fuels serious cost escalation ­system - wide .
Today , employer - paid health - insurance premiums do not count as taxable income for workers .
No matter how expensive the ­health - insurance premium , if the employer is paying , it is tax - free to the worker .
Employees thus have a strong incentive to take more and more of their compensation in the form of health coverage instead of cash wages .
For every dollar spent by his employer on health insurance , a worker gets a full dollar of health coverage ; but when the same worker gets paid in cash , a large portion is sent to the government in taxes .
The favorable tax treatment of job - based insurance was instrumental in spreading private coverage to working - age Americans in the post - war period .
It has been a crucial part of the middle - class contract .
But because the tax subsidy has no limit , it has also encouraged overly expansive insurance , with lower deductibles and looser networks than would otherwise have developed .
Economizing in health care is hard enough under the best of circumstances ; if a company and its workers are only going to keep 50 to 60 % of what they save , they are going to be much less vigorous in their search for savings .
When you put it all together —
Medicare 's fee - for - service program and insulation of beneficiaries from rising costs , unlimited federal funding for state - run Medicaid plans , and an open - ended tax subsidy for employer - paid insurance premiums — it is not surprising that health - care costs are rising rapidly in the United States .
The vast majority of Americans are in health - insurance arrangements that are heavily subsidized by the federal government .
When premiums rise , much of the added cost is shifted to the Treasury .
And when someone else is paying even part of the tab , demand for services always rises .
The combination of the demographic variables buffeting Social Security and the distortion of health - care costs caused largely by Medicare , Medicaid , and the tax treatment of employer - based health insurance makes for a very grim prognosis .
The case for mitigating the risks middle - class families face has not grown weaker , but the system we have built for doing so must be transformed .
PENALIZING WORK
One obvious component of an entitlement - reform strategy is an emphasis on later retirement and longer working careers .
Americans are living much longer than they did when Social Security and Medicare were enacted , and longevity is expected to increase for the foreseeable future .
Current projections therefore assume that Americans will spend an ever greater portion of their lives out of the work force and in retirement , placing ever - growing pressure on public finances .
Ironically , some of the largest impediments to continued work by those in their sixties and seventies are embedded directly in the rules governing our entitlement programs .
They are implicit in the middle - class contract .
For example , Social Security benefits are based largely on the first 35 years of work , and any earnings beyond the 35 - year mark get counted only if they are higher than an amount credited in a previous year .
But most people hit 35 years of earnings in their fifties , and if they are winding down their careers , their wages during their last years of work may fall well below what they earned in younger days .
What 's more , older workers pay the full Social Security and Medicare payroll taxes — a combined 15.3 % on wages , split evenly by employer and employee — even after they have signed up for benefits .
In most instances , they get nothing in return for paying these added taxes .
This is especially true in the case of Medicare , as the entitlement is unrelated to payroll - tax contributions and is conferred after just ten years of work .
Medicare also discourages continued work by older Americans with its " secondary payer " rules .
A 1982 law requires employer - sponsored insurance to cover medical bills first , before Medicare pays for any costs incurred by someone enrolled in both the employer 's plan and Medicare .
This provision greatly increases health - care costs for employers with seniors on their payroll , and they have responded quite predictably by cutting the wages they are willing to pay such workers .
This requirement of primary coverage by job - based insurance imposes an implicit tax on wages ranging from 15 % ( for men at age 65 ) to 60 % ( for women at age 80 ) .
Given these strong disincentives to work , it is hardly surprising that most seniors choose not to .
Today , just under 30 % of men aged 65 to 69 remain employed , down from 46 % in 1960 , when men died at much younger ages .
The point of changing these features of our entitlement programs is not to create a situation in which seniors have to work , but to end the powerful disincentive to do so .
Making it easier for older Americans to work longer if they wish would significantly improve the financial prospects of our entitlement system .
WORK , FAMILY , AND CONSUMER CHOICE
Creating a genuinely sustainable middle - class contract , however , will require more significant reforms that get to the core logic of our entitlement system , and reward greater self - reliance through work , family formation , and cost - conscious consumption of health care .
In this regard , a good place to start is President George W. Bush 's 2005 effort to introduce voluntary personal accounts into Social Security .
Fully funded personal accounts would avert fiscal disaster because they would explicitly limit what gets paid out to the amount that gets paid in .
Instead of an opaque benefits formula determined by government , personal accounts pay pension annuities based on the actual accrued balances in workers ' accounts at retirement .
Such accounts would also improve work incentives , as every dollar contributed would add to an annuity in retirement .
Clearly , moving from a mature pay - as - you - go system to funded accounts raises difficult transition problems .
Directing payroll - tax ­contributions to non-governmental , individually owned accounts would mean reduced receipts for the Social Security trust funds , and , very likely , more federal borrowing .
It is entirely plausible that such a reform would actually raise overall national savings , as the amounts in the personal accounts would offset federal borrowing .
But the great uncertainty of requiring trillions of dollars in new federal borrowing at a time of existing fiscal stress proved to be an insurmountable obstacle to the Bush effort .
In any case , the prospects for personal accounts during a period of Democratic dominance in Washington are dim .
And justifiably or not , recent market turmoil has also reduced the public 's appetite for such a move .
There is , however , another way to introduce greater personalization , budgetary control , and incentives for continued work into Social Security without transition costs .
Several other countries — most of which have faced more severe imbalances than those currently projected for our Social Security system — have adopted a form of personal accounts within a pay - as - you - go structure .
The idea , called " notional defined contribution " accounts , is to track worker " contributions , " assign " investment earnings , " and report " account balances " — but without actual money attached to the accounts .
Pensions for current retirees are still financed on a pay - as - you - go basis , with payroll taxes collected today used to cover benefits today .
But payments are calculated based on the worker 's own individually assigned account , which is converted into a monthly benefit much as the balance in a 401 ( k ) can be used to purchase an annuity .
The retirement benefit is set at the amount that would , when drawn monthly , deplete the worker 's " account " over his expected remaining lifespan .
Even without full funding , personalization of this kind would still vastly improve work incentives .
The only way workers could boost their future pension entitlements is with higher wages and more " contributions " to their notional accounts .
For older workers , automatic reductions in monthly benefits for an early work - force exit would encourage more people to stay active and delay retirement .
Notional personal accounts also lend themselves to permanent solvency and budgetary control .
The key variable is the notional rate of return , which is used to inflate the " investments " in the personal accounts .
Because it remains a pay - as - you - go system , that return must be limited to what population growth and productivity allow .
In fact , the Swedish version of this approach explicitly ties the rate of return credited to notional accounts to observed trends in demographics and real economic growth .
If , for instance , the size of the work force were to fall below expectations , the annuity calculation would be adjusted automatically to cut monthly payouts — thus ensuring that notional account balances are not overdrawn .
Yet even if a notional account system were imported into our Social Security program , the problem of relatively low fertility and a rising ratio of retirees to workers would not go away .
There is not much that entitlement reform alone can do to address this larger social trend , of course .
But some modest steps could at least send the right message , and perhaps also influence behavior .
Under our current entitlement system , for instance , two families with identical earnings records — one with children and the other without — would get the same Social Security benefit ; it does n't matter that one carried the burden of raising members of the next generation of workers , while the other did not .
Pay - as - you - go pension systems cannot long survive without a steady stream of new entrants , so it only makes sense for such schemes to explicitly and transparently reward parents for doing what is essential for the viability of the system ( and , for that matter , of society in general ) .
In the context of a reform that introduces notional personal accounts as the basis for calculating benefit payments , this could be done by providing rebates against contributions , or additions to account balances , commensurate with the costs of raising children .
The primary argument against this kind of vision for Social Security reform is that it would necessarily limit the redistributive aspect of the current program .
Low - wage workers today get a higher rate of return on their contributions than their higher - wage counterparts .
This advantage would be lost if benefits were tied completely to personal accounts funded entirely by worker contributions .
But a switch to notional personal accounts could be supplemented with any number of additional explicit subsidies for low - wage workers to replicate the outcomes associated with today 's defined - benefit formula .
For instance , workers with lifetime earnings below a certain average could get supplemental contributions to their accounts financed out of general revenue .
This would have the advantage of transparency and budgetary control , and , structured properly , less of a distorting effect on retirement decisions than today 's opaque benefit formula .
Medicare , too , would benefit from adjustments that take account of demographic realities , like a modest increase in the age of eligibility from 65 to 67 .
But even more important is a concerted effort to slow the pace of rising costs per enrollee , and of health - care costs more generally .
In that regard , there really are only two choices : artificial cost constraints imposed by the government ( like those employed in many other industrialized nations today ) , or cost - conscious consumer choice in a decentralized marketplace .
President Obama and the congressional leadership have clearly signaled their preference .
They have pledged repeatedly to constrain the growth of government health - care spending .
But , to date , they have not admitted that what they ultimately have in mind are limits on spending enforced with price - setting or fixed budgets , which would result in painful and arbitrary rationing of care .
Instead , they argue that the government can slow the pace of rising costs system - wide with smarter interventions : more federally financed health information technology , additional research funded by the government into what treatments work best , and some changes in the way Medicare pays for services .
There are two glaring problems with the idea that the government has the capacity to engineer a more efficient health system this way .
First , independent analysts , including those at CBO , have already said that these kinds of reforms are unlikely to produce deep and lasting savings absent more fundamental changes in the financial incentives that drive patient and provider behavior .
Second , the government has been running Medicare and Medicaid for nearly half a century , and that experience demonstrates that government micro-management of health insurance is highly inefficient .
Instead of building a network of high - quality preferred providers , political control of Medicare has resulted in an open network that pays all licensed providers exactly the same fee , regardless of the quality of the care provided .
And the only cost - cutting remedy Congress can ever seem to pass is a fee reduction .
If applied more systematically across all of health care , such price - setting would , in time , lead to a reduction in willing suppliers of services , to waiting lists , and to government - driven rationing of care .
The alternative is a functioning marketplace in which consumers choose their insurance and the services they use , and so become far more conscious of the costs of their choices .
An essential feature of such a marketplace would be fixed , rather than open - ended , subsidization of insurance by the government .
That would mean the conversion of today 's Medicare entitlement — as well as of the tax break for employer - sponsored insurance , and even of Medicaid — into limited defined contributions toward the purchase of insurance .
With fixed contributions , a consumer who wanted to buy more expensive coverage would have to pay more .
Conversely , anyone willing to economize and choose a plan with more controls and a tighter network would keep the money he saved .
( Such a switch in Medicare could be phased in with new retirees to prevent disruption for those already in the program . )
Opponents argue that this kind of reform would be dangerous for the middle class , and especially for Medicare recipients , because health - care costs would rise faster than the premium subsidies .
But with a functioning marketplace , there would be much greater pressure on doctors and hospitals to reorganize themselves into more convenient , ­cost - effective , and patient - focused systems of care .
It is far more likely that the inefficiency in health care the president so often mentions would be reduced through the power of consumer choice than through bureaucratic regulation .
Reforms of this sort could help bring our entitlement system into line with economic and demographic realities , so that these programs — and the larger economy so heavily influenced by them — could continue to function .
America does not face a choice between our march toward fiscal disaster and leaving the elderly and the poor to fend for themselves .
Rather , we face the challenge of revitalizing our entitlement system to make it what Americans once hoped it might be : an affordable safety net for those times when the people who have engaged in the work of American prosperity can no longer meet their current needs with their current income .
A NEW MIDDLE - CLASS CONTRACT
The politics of middle - class entitlements has made it extremely difficult to change America 's fiscal course , even as it has become increasingly clear that this course leads to ruin .
No politician wants to be the first to suggest serious reforms , and be left vulnerable to caricature as an enemy of the middle class .
Those who have gotten over their fears and given it a try have failed to solve the problem , and almost without exception have been badly burned in the attempt .
Their failures have only reinforced the notion that pushing serious reforms requiring ­genuine change or sacrifice is political suicide .
Washington is littered with the lengthy reports and analyses of previous reform efforts , all of which were launched with great fanfare but came to nothing : the ­Kerrey - Danforth Commission of 1994 , the Breaux - Thomas Commission in 1999 , President Bush 's Social Security Commission ( and the ensuing reform push in 2005 ) , just to name a few .
All have run into the same wall of resistance , consisting of the lobbies built up around our entitlement system and the disinclination of the political class to make changes in popular programs .
Above all , reform has been stymied by the lack of interest among middle - class voters in altering a system they have come to rely upon — and only a change on this front could make a meaningful difference .
The groups that represent the beneficiaries of the current system are not about to step aside , and our politicians are not about to turn courageous .
They will act only if their voters want them to .
This might make the case seem hopeless .
After all , why would voters willingly sacrifice benefits they have come to expect , and believe they have earned ?
Nothing in our recent political history suggests that any such willingness is likely to emerge .
But we are living in strange times , and proponents of entitlement reform should not miss the opportunity created by the unprecedented economic challenges and political responses of the past few months .
In the crisis that began in late 2008 , the American public got a taste of economic calamity like nothing we have witnessed since the Great Depression — when the first inklings of today 's middle - class contract appeared .
Policies that would have seemed unthinkable just a few months earlier — from massive government expenditures to save our banking system , to federal ownership of large corporations — were implemented in swift succession .
Some liberal politicians , including the president , have sought to use this moment of instability — when all past certainties seem suddenly in question — to advance their longstanding agenda and expand the role of the state in health care , energy , education , and other sectors , taking on new spending commitments and in effect exacerbating the dangers of the old middle - class contract .
As Obama 's chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , said in November 2008 : " You never want a serious crisis to go to waste . "
But the shock of the economic crisis may also make Americans more open to serious entitlement reforms that Emanuel , President Obama , and many other Democrats have long resisted .
The logic of the case for reform is much like that of the case for the recent emergency interventions : the need for a bold response to an enormous problem , aimed at regaining some equilibrium and allowing again for sustainable economic growth and prosperity .
This is the time to explain to the public just how grave the prospects for our entitlement system — and therefore for our larger economy — really are , and to argue for a serious and sensible change of course .
The impulse to insulate the middle class from the cost consequences of their choices — an impulse that has defined our longstanding ­middle - class contract — has done great harm and stands to do far more .
The remedy must be to redesign our entitlements so that the choices the middle class makes in terms of work , family , and health care will promote more productivity , efficiency , and wealth , rather than the shrinking of the labor force and the growth of government .
Done right , a new arrangement would both strengthen our fiscal outlook and improve the economic standing of American families .
The path to such a new arrangement will not be without its costs , but it will surely yield great benefits .
The new middle - class contract would still work to mitigate risks and would still care for the old and the needy , but it would do so in ways that encourage personal responsibility , respect individual choice , and foster the work ethic that has made America 's middle class the backbone of an unrivaled age of prosperity and strength .
NEW YORK , Oct 19 ( Reuters ) - IBM IBM.N placed senior executive Robert Moffat on leave of absence after he was arrested in the largest ever hedge fund insider - trading scheme .
Moffat , senior vice president and head of International Business Machines Corp .’s systems and technology group , is being charged with passing on insider information to a hedge fund .
He had been working for IBM since 1978 .
“ In view of a U.S. federal investigation into his personal activities , Mr. Moffat has been placed on temporarily leave of absence and is no longer serving as an officer of IBM , ” said company spokesman Edward Barbini .
Moffat is accused of passing on information on IBM itself ahead of the company 's quarterly results , as well as those of Sun Microsystems JAVA .
O while IBM was looking at its books for a possible acquisition .
The FBI said Moffat was one of the IBM executives conducting due diligence on Sun .
He has also been charged with giving insider information on Advanced Micro Devices Inc AMD.N , obtained through IBM 's business negotiations with the company .
IBM named Rodney Adkins as acting head of the systems and technology group .
Adkins will also oversee development and manufacturing , the company said .
The insider trading scandal centers on Galleon Group founder Raj Rajaratnam .
Executives at leading chipmaker Intel Corp INTC.O and management consulting firm McKinsey & Co. were also implicated .
( Reporting by Ritsuko Ando ; Editing by Derek Caney )
A nurse rocked him awake as pale dawn light crept into the room .
“ C’mon now , c’mon , ” the nurse murmured .
“ Time to get up . ”
Reggie Lane was once a hulking man of 260 pounds .
Friends called him “ Big Dad . ”
Now , he weighed less than 200 pounds and his brain was severely damaged .
He groaned angry , wordless cries .
The nurse moved fast .
Two bursts of deodorant spray under each useless arm .
Then he dressed Lane and used a mechanical arm to hoist him into a wheelchair .
He wheeled Big Dad down a hallway and parked the chair in a beige dining room , in front of a picture window .
Outside stretched a green valley of pear trees filled with white blossoms .
Lane ’s head fell forward , his chin buried in his chest .
His legs crossed and uncrossed involuntarily .
His left index finger was rigid and pointed , as if frozen in permanent accusation .
In 2004 , Lane was driving a fuel truck in Iraq for a defense contractor when insurgents attacked his convoy with rocket - propelled grenades .
For most of the five years since , Lane , now 60 , has spent his days in silence -- a reminder of the hidden costs of relying on civilian contract workers to support the U.S. war effort .
His wife , Linda , said visiting her husband was difficult .
They were childhood friends and fiercely loyal to each other .
On this spring morning , she caressed his hand and told him she loved him .
“ He was a good man .
He paid his bills .
He took care of his family , ” she said , her breathing labored from a pulmonary disease .
“ He ’s a human being who fought for his country .
He does n’t deserve to be thrown away . ”
In Iraq and Afghanistan , the U.S. military has depended on contract workers more than in any previous conflict -- to cook meals for troops , wash laundry , deliver supplies and protect diplomats , among other tasks .
Tens of thousands of civilians have worked in the two battle zones , often facing the same dangers as U.S. troops and suffering the same kinds of injuries .
Contract workers from the U.S. have been mostly men , primarily middle - aged , many of them military veterans drawn by money , patriotism or both , according to interviews and public records .
They are police officers , truck drivers , firefighters , mechanics and craftsmen , mostly from rural corners of America , especially the South .
Nearly 1,600 civilian workers -- both Americans and foreign nationals -- have died in the two war zones .
Thousands more have been injured .
( More than 5,200 U.S. service members have been killed and 35,000 wounded . )
Many of the civilians have come home as military veterans in all but name , sometimes with lifelong disabilities but without the support network available to returning troops .
There are no veterans ’ halls for civilian workers , no Gold Star Wives , no military hospitals .
Politicians pay little attention to their problems , and the military has not publicized their contributions .
“ These guys are like the Vietnam vets of this generation , ” said Lee Frederiksen , a psychologist who worked for Mission Critical Psychological Services , a Chicago - based firm that provides counseling for war zone workers .
“ The normal support that you would get if you were injured in the line of duty as a police officer or if you were injured in the military . . . just does n’t exist . ”
Herbert J. Lanese , former chief executive of DynCorp International , one of the largest employers of civilian workers in Iraq and Afghanistan , said : “ These are people who have given their lives in the service of our country .
They are the unappreciated patriots of our country at this point in time . ”
Lane was born in Ventura and moved to Grants Pass , Ore. , when he turned 12 .
He met Linda there , and the two grew up together .
After high school , Reggie enlisted in the Army and went to Vietnam .
He and Linda found each other after he returned .
By then , each had been married and divorced , and each had a child .
As a pair , they were inseparable .
Reggie was steady , strong .
Linda was energetic and outgoing .
They eventually found work as a truck - driving team , steering tractor - trailers across the country .
His CB radio handle was “ Grizzly . ”
Hers was “ Wild Cat . ”
He loved country music and Tom Clancy novels , G. Gordon Liddy ’s talk show and Honda motorcycles .
She loved the open road , the speed of the truck .
“ We went to see the big wide world driving a truck .
What an adventure , ” Linda recalled .
But work was haphazard , and the pay was modest .
Together , they made about $ 32,000 a year .
They had a hard time keeping up with bills and twice filed for bankruptcy .
In the late 1990s , they sold their home in Oregon and moved to Montana , where land was cheaper .
In the fall of 2003 , Linda heard that defense contractor KBR Inc. was hiring truck drivers to deliver fuel , food and supplies for the military in Iraq .
The salary was $ 88,000 a year , more than they had ever earned .
“ We would n’t be on easy street , ” Linda said .
“ But we would n’t be stressed . ”
By November , Reggie was on his way to Iraq .
He arrived during a turbulent period , with the insurgency raging .
Convoys regularly came under attack .
The trucks were not armored .
“ He did n’t go over there to fight a war .
He went over there because [ KBR ] said , ‘ You ’ll have armed guards , ’ ” Linda said .
“ They promised big money .
‘ You ’ll be protected , no problem . ’ ”
On April 9 , 2004 , Reggie Lane and a friend , Jason Hurd , rolled out of a base south of Baghdad to deliver fuel to Balad , north of the city .
The convoy was outside Baghdad when gunfire rang out .
Hurd saw Reggie ’s truck careen to the side of the road .
Hurd pulled over .
A rocket - propelled grenade had shattered the windshield .
Reggie was lying face - up on the shoulder of the road .
His right arm was gone below the elbow .
His face was covered in shrapnel wounds .
He was drenched in blood .
The rest of the convoy moved ahead , apparently oblivious .
Hurd fumbled with Reggie ’s arm , trying to apply a tourniquet .
Then a group of military vehicles pulled over to help .
Soldiers helped stabilize Lane , who shuddered awake and asked for water .
An Army helicopter evacuated him to a U.S. base , where he was put on an emergency flight to Germany .
Linda got the news from a military doctor .
A few days later , Reggie called .
He told her not to worry .
“ I still got one arm left to hug you with , ” he said .
It was the last conversation she would have with her husband .
Two days later , another military doctor in Germany called Linda , asking permission to perform an emergency tracheotomy on Reggie .
A blood clot had dislodged , blocking the flow of blood to his brain .
“ My head is spinning .
I ’m trying to digest what they ’re telling me , ” Linda said .
“ I ’m deciding this long - distance by phone , and it ’s someone I love . ”
Ten days after the attack , Reggie Lane was on a flight back to the U.S. , headed to a Houston hospital .
KBR paid to have Linda meet her husband in Texas .
She was unprepared for the sight .
A raw , red stump was all that remained of his right arm .
There was a hole in his throat .
She could see his intestines , which were left exposed to aid in cleaning out shrapnel .
His body was swollen and purple .
He was unresponsive , his pupils mere pinpoints .
Over the next nine months , Linda lived out of a hotel in downtown Houston .
She became her husband ’s advocate , navigating a complex medical world with little guidance .
“ It was a lot of one foot in front of the other .
I was pretty devastated , ” she said .
Slowly , Lane ’s condition improved .
Toward the end of his hospital stay , he could respond to questions .
He would say : “ Love Linda . ”
He was trying to stand up with help .
“ By the time he left , he was interacting , communicating , ” said Dr. Sunil Kothari , a neurosurgeon who coordinated Reggie ’s care at the Institute for Rehabilitation and Research ( TIRR ) Memorial Hermann in Houston , one of the country ’s top rehabilitation hospitals for brain injury .
“ Near the end , he was beginning to answer questions , starting to vocalize . ”
In January 2005 , doctors cleared Reggie for release .
He was going home .
Grants Pass had a handful of nursing homes .
They provided physical and speech therapy , but Linda was dissatisfied with the care .
She confronted workers at one home , leading to Reggie ’s discharge .
He returned to a hospital .
Linda was dealing with her own health problems .
Her weight ballooned .
She was admitted to the hospital repeatedly with breathing difficulties .
As Linda searched for a home for her husband , she got into a dispute with American International Group Inc. , the insurance carrier for KBR .
Linda wanted her husband close to home .
She said AIG insisted that he go to a facility in Portland , where care was less expensive than in the hospital .
Troops injured in Iraq are guaranteed care at Veterans Administration facilities .
In contrast , contract workers depend on worker ’s compensation insurance paid for by the federal government under the Defense Base Act .
They often must fight with insurers to get medical bills paid .
Linda hired a lawyer , and AIG relented , allowing Reggie to be placed in an adult foster care home near Grants Pass .
The lawyer , Roger Hawkins of Los Angeles , said it was the least Reggie deserved .
“ You look in his eyes and you see that somewhere , he realizes what is going on , ” Hawkins said .
“ He ’s sitting there with his arm missing and knowing that he ’s never going to get better . ”
AIG and KBR declined to comment on the case .
Reggie ’s mental state had gradually declined since he ’d left Houston .
Before , he spoke .
Now he descended into long silences broken only by grunts .
Told of Lane ’s condition , Kothari , who treated him in Houston , expressed concern .
“ Decline is not typical , ” Kothari said .
“ If someone goes to a nursing facility , if they happen not to get stimuli , it means the brain could not heal as well as it would otherwise . ”
Jim Gregg , operator of the foster care home where Lane was placed , said the facility was not equipped for advanced physical or speech therapy .
In their home on a 4 - acre farm , Gregg and his wife provided basic medical care and monitoring to half a dozen elderly patients .
“ It ’s a boring life .
He just sits here , ” Gregg said .
“ It ’s not a stimulating environment . ”
Gregg closed his facility earlier this year , and Lane was moved to another foster home .
The total cost of Lane ’s care for the rest of his life could be as much as $ 8.9 million , according to an AIG estimate .
The bill will be paid by the federal government , which reimburses insurers for combat - related claims from war zone workers .
Linda Lane died July 10 .
She had been hospitalized after suffering respiratory distress , family members said .
Reggie let out a wail when relatives told him the news .
“ I had never heard anything like that before , ” said Bev Glasgow , who runs Lane ’s current foster home .
Glasgow arranged for a van to take Reggie to a memorial service for his wife .
It was held in a state park alongside the Rogue River .
Under the shade of scrub oak and aspen , he watched as Linda ’s family and friends sang “ Amazing Grace ” and looked at old photos of the couple .
Diane Firestone , Reggie ’s sister , visited him shortly after Linda ’s death .
She said the family accepted that Reggie ’s condition was unlikely to change .
But , she said , they did not believe his sacrifices had been adequately recognized , by his company or the country .
She knelt beside her brother and asked him about the attack on his convoy .
“ Hey , Reg , ” she said .
“ Do you know it ’s been five years ?
It does n’t seem that long to me .
Does it seem that long to you ? ”
Reggie blinked twice , hard -- his signal for yes .
t.christian.miller@ propublica.org
Times staff photographer Francine Orr contributed to this report .
About This Story
This report was prepared in collaboration with ProPublica , an independent , nonprofit investigative newsroom in New York .
T. Christian Miller , a former Times staff writer , is a senior reporter at ProPublica .
Mozilla on Friday issued its support for the Federal Communications Commission 's proposed net neutrality rules , but a House Republican this week introduced a bill that would block the commission 's efforts .
Mozilla on Friday issued its support for the Federal Communications Commission 's proposed net neutrality rules , but a House Republican this week introduced a bill that would block the commission 's efforts .
Rep. Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee introduced the Real Stimulus Act of 2009 , which would prohibit the FCC from " needlessly imposing regulations on the Internet , " Blackburn said in a statement .
The congresswoman asserts that the FCC 's rules " ironically would make the Internet less neutral by allowing the FCC to regulate it in the same way it regulates radio and television broadcasts . "
Specifically , Blackburn 's bill says the FCC cannot " propose , promulgate , or issue any regulations regarding the Internet or IP - enabled services . "
The measure is a companion bill to one titled the Internet Freedom Act .
" The Internet is the last truly open public marketplace , " Blackburn said .
" The FCC has plenty on its plate with the regulation of television and radio ; let 's not add to their workload by giving them authority over the Internet . "
Net neutrality is the theory that everyone should have equal access to the Internet .
A major tech company should not be able to pay a provider to load its
Web site faster than a mom-and - pop site , for example .
Most are in agreement that that should be the case  the discussion at this point is whether the government should step in and regulate net neutrality or if industry should self - regulate .
The FCC at its Oct. 22 meeting , and stakeholders have until early next year to submit comments .
In a Friday editorial for the Wall Street Journal , Mozilla executives voiced their support for the FCC 's rules .
" As heads of an Internet company competing in today 's marketplace , we fully support the FCC 's proposal , " wrote chair Mitchell Baker and CEO John Lilly .
" The fundamental technologies of the Internet have always been open ; the FCC 's proposed rules would merely preserve that openness . "
Baker and Lilly supported the FCC 's plans to .
" Nondiscriminatory access to content is what created the miracle of the Internet .
It must be preserved , " they wrote .
Rep. Edward Markey , a Massachusetts Democrat who has , also wrote an editorial today for the Huffington Post on the topic .
" If adopted , the Commission 's net neutrality protections will ensure that users have unfettered access to all lawful online content and applications , " Markey wrote .
" These measures , which will be crafted over the coming months by the FCC , are urgently needed to preserve the openness and competition that have made the Internet the most successful communications medium in human history . "
The following is the full text of the unused speech , ominously entitled " In the event of moon disaster " , which President Nixon would have given as the astronauts lived out their final hours :
A lonely view of a distant home
These brave men , Neil Armstrong and Edwin Aldrin , know that there is no hope for their recovery .
But they also know that there is hope for mankind in their sacrifice .
These two men are laying down their lives in mankind 's most noble goal : the search for truth and understanding .
They will be mourned by their families and friends ; they will be mourned by their nation ; they will be mourned by the people of the world ; they will be mourned by a Mother Earth that dared send two of her sons into the unknown .
No - one knew whether the module would successfully launch from the moon
In ancient days , men looked at stars and saw their heroes in the constellations .
In modern times , we do much the same , but our heroes are epic men of flesh and blood .
Others will follow , and surely find their way home .
Man 's search will not be denied .
But these men were the first , and they will remain the foremost in our hearts .
For every human being who looks up at the moon in the nights to come will know that there is some corner of another world that is forever mankind .
DENVER ( Reuters ) -
The flight of a home - made helium balloon that touched off a frantic rescue attempt for the young boy thought to be aboard was a publicity - seeking hoax , a Colorado sheriff said on Sunday .
Larimer County Sheriff Jim Alderden said the parents of 6 - year - old Falcon Heene would likely face four charges in the bizarre incident , which riveted television viewers across the United States for more than two hours on Thursday .
The airship took to the skies on Thursday morning and Richard and Mayumi Heene claimed that their son had climbed aboard , triggering a massive search and rescue operation as the odd silver craft drifted for 50 miles , trailed by U.S. National Guard helicopters .
The boy was later found not in the flying saucer - shaped craft but safe at home .
“ It has been determined that this is a hoax , that it was a publicity stunt , ” Alderden told a press conference .
“ We believe we have evidence at this point to indicate that it was a publicity stunt done with the hopes of better marketing themselves for a reality television show at some point in the future , ” he said .
Alderden said the parents could be charged with conspiracy , contributing to the delinquency of a minor , making a false police report and attempting to influence a public servant .
Slideshow ( 15 images )
Investigators think Falcon and his brothers , who are 8 and 10 , were “ 100 percent involved ” in the caper , he said , but were not expected to face criminal charges because of their age .
“ On the bizarre meter , this rates a 10 , ” Alderden said .
A lawyer hired by Richard and Mayumi Heene , David Lane , told local KUSA - TV that the incident had been a “ nightmare ” for the family .
Lane said the parents would be willing to turn themselves in to law enforcement to avoid “ the public spectacle and humiliation ” of being arrested in front of their children .
‘ THEY PUT ON A GOOD SHOW ’
Authorities had considered desperate measures to somehow bring the balloon down safely before it slowly began to deflate on its own and landed softly in a wheat field near Denver .
Slideshow ( 15 images )
Rescuers who raced to the balloon and found it empty then began to scour the countryside for Falcon , fearing that he had fallen out -- until the family announced that he was safe and had been hiding in a garage attic .
Questions were raised after a CNN interviewer told Richard Heene to ask his son why he had stayed in hiding so long when searchers were desperately calling his name .
The boy responded : “ You guys ( his parents ) said that , um , we did this for the show . ”
The Heene family has appeared on the ABC television reality show “ Wife Swap ” in which families swap mothers to deal with family issues .
They gave interviews on a series of U.S. morning shows on Friday to emphatically deny the incident was staged .
Falcon vomited repeatedly on camera .
Alderden , who told reporters on Friday that he was inclined to believe the Heenes , said his investigators determined that the incident was staged after interviewing all five members of the family and searching their home .
“ This has been a planned event for some two weeks , ” he said .
“ The plan was to launch the spacecraft for a reality TV show .
The plan was to create a situation where it appeared that Falcon was in the craft to gain publicity .
To obtain notoriety ,
to obtain publicity for a television show . ”
The sheriff said he initially let reporters , and the Heenes , think that he bought their story as a way to gain the family ’s trust but privately harbored skepticism .
Richard Heene has been described as a storm chaser and amateur scientist who had involved his wife and sons in his activities .
He told reporters that his contraption was intended as an experimental vehicle that “ people can pull out of their garage and hover above traffic 50 to 100 feet . ”
But Alderden portrayed the Heenes essentially as hucksters desperate to get on television .
“ They are actors .
Not only have they appeared on TV , they met at acting school in Hollywood , ” Alderden said .
“ They put on a very good show for us , and we bought it . ”
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Gold eased below $ 990 an ounce on Friday after a two - day rally that took the market to within a whisker of $ 1,000 , as an uptick in the dollar index after U.S. non-farm payrolls data prompted some traders to cash in gains .
Gold earrings are seen on display at a store in New York in this September 3 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
But prices remain well - supported near Thursday ’s close by risk aversion on the one hand and inflation fears on the other , and could be poised for further gains , analysts say .
The precious metal rallied to a six month high of $ 997.20 an ounce late on Thursday after a slide in stock markets earlier in the week pushed the metal through key technical resistance levels on price charts , triggering buy orders .
Spot gold was bid at $ 987.20 an ounce at 1502 GMT ( 11:02 a.m. EDT ) , compared with $ 990.10 late in New York on Thursday .
Prices remain within sight of the $ 1,030.80 high hit in March 2008 .
“ Gold is holding its own , ” said Calyon analyst Robin Bhar .
“ The data is not bullish or bearish for gold , it is probably neutral .
But we have had a good run , we have gained $ 40 in three days , so people are taking some money off the table . ”
Silver also held above $ 16 an ounce after hitting its firmest level since August 2008 on Thursday at $ 16.26 , boosted by gains in gold .
Gold is benefiting from uncertainty over the strength of the economic recovery , with investors who see the recovery faltering buying the metal as a haven from risk , while those who believe it is sustainable choose the metal as an inflation hedge .
FUNDS PICK UP
Buying of gold exchange - traded funds picked up , with holdings of the largest , New York ’s SPDR Gold Trust , posting the biggest one - day percentage rise since March .
That buying underscored a fresh burst of investor interest from those seeking a refuge from faltering confidence on a broader global economic recovery .
Traders said the core of that concern sprang from share prices after Shanghai stocks hit three - month lows this week .
“ It seems there is a flight back to safe - haven assets , ” said Simon Weeks , head of precious metal sales at Scotia Mocatta in London , adding that a technical break through $ 962 and $ 976 had provided powerful momentum to prices .
Traders are closely eyeing moves in the dollar to give fresh direction to prices .
The dollar index .DXY firmed a touch on smaller - than - expected U.S. job losses , which showed employers cut 216,000 non-farm jobs in August .
< FRX />
Meanwhile U.S. gold futures for December delivery on the COMEX division of the New York Mercantile Exchange fell $ 8.90 to $ 988.80 an ounce .
Among other precious metals , silver prices eased after hitting a 13 - month high late on Thursday .
Silver was at $ 15.87 an ounce against $ 16.08 .
The world ’s largest silver - backed ETF , the iShares Silver Trust , also said its holdings rose 61.18 tonnes on Thursday to 8,726.2 tonnes .
Elsewhere platinum was at $ 1,245 an ounce against $ 1,249.50 , while palladium was at $ 290 against $ 289 .
TIME to revisit the always compelling  and often disconcerting  debate over digital privacy .
So , what might your movie picks and your medical records have in common ?
How about a potentially false sense of control over who can see your user history ?
While Netflix and some health care concerns say they have been able to offer study data to researchers stripped of specific personal details like your name , phone number and e-mail address , in some cases researchers may be able to re-identify you by correlating anonymous information with the digital trail that you ’ve left on blogs , chat rooms and Twitter .
Of course , you may be fine with that .
On the other hand , you may not want complete strangers rummaging around in your history of movie selections or medical needs .
For example , contestants in Netflix ’s competition to improve its recommendation software received a training data set containing the movie preferences of more than 480,000 customers who had , as they say in the trade , been “ de-identified . ”
But as part of a privacy experiment , a pair of computer scientists at the University of Texas at Austin decided to see if it was possible to re-identify those unnamed movie fans .
Facebook has agreed to shut down its much maligned Beacon advertising system in order to settle a class - action lawsuit .
The lawsuit , filed in August of last year , alleged that Facebook and its Beacon affiliates like Blockbuster and Overstock.com violated a series of laws , including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act , the Video Privacy Protection Act , the California Consumer Legal Remedies Act and the California Computer Crime Law .
The proposed settlement , announced late on Friday , calls not only for Facebook to discontinue Beacon , but also back the creation of an independent foundation devoted to promoting online privacy , safety and security .
The money for the foundation will come from a US $ 9.5 million settlement fund .
" We learned a great deal from the Beacon experience .
For one , it was underscored how critical it is to provide extensive user control over how information is shared .
We also learned how to effectively communicate changes that we make to the user experience , " said Barry Schnitt , Facebook 's Director of Policy Communications , in a statement .
Facebook is looking forward to the creation of the foundation , which the company expects will team up with existing safety and privacy organizations , Schnitt said .
The settlement agreement needs to be approved by the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California , San Jose Division , where the lawsuit was filed .
Beacon , launched with much fanfare in November 2007 , quickly became one of Facebook 's biggest nightmares .
Intended as a key piece of Facebook 's " social ads " strategy , Beacon was designed to broadcast back to their friends the actions that Facebook members took on participating Web sites .
The idea was that these notifications would act as a new form of " social " advertising , because they amount to endorsements of products made by trusted friends .
Unfortunately , Facebook members found Beacon complicated to understand , as well as intrusive and stealthy .
Many people were horrified to find out that their friends were being informed of actions , like purchases , they had undertaken in other Web sites .
Security experts and privacy advocates soon joined the chorus of critics .
Although Facebook modified Beacon several times , it never took off and has been languishing in obscurity .
Despite the Beacon fiasco , Facebook executives regularly say the advertising business of the privately - held company is solid and growing .
In addition to offering traditional online ads like banners and pay - per- click ads , Facebook has continued developing social ads and marketing vehicles , like its Facebook Pages , which organizations can use to promote their brands and products .
They weigh less than 3 pounds , usually , and are perhaps 15 inches long .
But they can remember .
The unborn have memories , according to medical researchers who used sound and vibration stimulation , combined with sonography , to reveal that the human fetus displays short - term memory from at least 30 weeks gestation - or about two months before they are born .
“ In addition , results indicated that 34 - week - old fetuses are able to store information and retrieve it four weeks later , ” said the research , which was released Wednesday .
Scientists from the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at Maastricht University Medical Centre and the University Medical Centre St. Radboud , both in the Netherlands , based their findings on a study of 100 healthy pregnant women and their fetuses with the help of some gentle but precise sensory stimulation .
On five occasions during the last eight weeks of their pregnancies , the women received a series of one - second buzzes on their bellies with a “ fetal vibroacoustic stimulator , ” a hand - held diagnostic device used to gauge an unborn baby ’s heart rate and general well - being .
The baby ’s responses - primarily eye , mouth and body movements - were closely monitored over the weeks with ultrasound imaging to gauge “ fetal learning ” patterns .
The researchers found that the babies acclimated themselves to the sounds and vibrations to the point that they no longer bothered to respond - a process known as “ habituation . ”
“ The stimulus is then accepted as ‘ safe ’ ” by the babies , the study said .
The team also found that the tiny test subjects actually improved these skills as they grew older , with those who were 34 - or 36 - weeks old clearly showing that they had become familiar with the hum outside the womb .
“ The fetus ‘ remembers ’ the stimulus and the number of stimuli needed for the fetus to habituate is then much smaller , ” the study said .
“ It seems like every day we find out marvelous new things about the development of unborn children .
We hope that this latest information helps people realize more clearly that the unborn are members of the human family with amazing capabilities and capacities like these built in from the moment of conception , ” said Randall K. O’Bannon , director of education and research for the National Right to Life Educational Trust Fund .
A call to NARAL Pro-Choice America for comment on the implications of the research were not returned .
The Dutch medical team , meanwhile , said its findings could help obstetricians track the healthy development of unborn babies during pregnancy .
The research was published in Child Development , a medical journal .
Scientists have been curious about fetal responses to sound for decades .
The first real study of “ habituation ” occurred in 1925 when researchers discovered that fetuses moved less when exposed to a beeping car horn .
Since then , door buzzers and even electric toothbrushes have been used to help researchers understand the fetal environment - and the response of the unborn to such influences .
Beeps and buzzes were not always the tools of choice .
In 2003 , psychologists and obstetricians at Queen ’s University in Canada found a profound mother - baby link .
In a study of 60 pregnant women , they found that the unborn babies preferred the voices of their own mothers - both before and after birth .
The heart rates of fetuses sped up when they heard their mother reading a poem , and slowed down when they heard a stranger ’s voice - evidence of “ sustained attention , memory and learning by the fetus , ” said Barbara Kisilevsky , a professor of nursing who led the research .
The Queen ’s group has also investigated fetal response to the father ’s voice , concluding that if men try a little pre-natal vocalizing to their offspring , the newborn will later recognize the father ’s voice .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
If a fiduciary ( in NY it ’s an “ Administrator ” if no Will and “ Executor ” if there is ) has to file an Accounting , where should they start ?
What should they do ?
The Answer is to know what you should have been doing all along , and if you have n’t been , get caught up as much and as quickly as possible .
Here ’s what you should have been doing :
Collecting the decedent ’s assets and depositing into an Estate bank account .
Addressing any creditor claims .
Filing tax returns when due and paying any taxes that might be owed .
Communicating to the interested parties about what is going on .
Does everyone do all these things perfectly ?
Not always .
But if you have to account it should not be difficult to start catching up .
Not only that , if catching us is going to take some time , I ’d suggest being open about it by disclosing to the beneficiaries exactly what is going on and how you are addressing it .
I have been using an expression lately that fits here : “ The fact that I should have already done something is no reason not to do it ” .
Start doing it .
Collecting assets , dealing with creditors , dealing with taxes and communicating with beneficiaries IS the job .
It takes time and some persistence to do these things .
Just do what needs to be done .
If you need help , get help .
But get it done and communicate .
It ’s way worse for everyone when you do n’t .
Will some people second guess you ?
Maybe , but that ’s part of the job too .
For all these things to do , you should have your records and back - up .
If you got a little disorganized , or do n’t have all the records , it just takes some time and effort to get what is missing and then organize it .
For many reasons , assets are sometimes hard to locate or difficult to collect .
Most beneficiaries understand this , and most of these problems ARE solvable .
I suggest fiduciaries try to solve these problems , but many times I do get involved as an attorney .
If this costs the estate a few bucks , beneficiaries understand this .
Creditor claims can be tricky and time consuming , but a fiduciary should not ignore them .
Every case is unique when it comes to creditor claims .
You have to factor in the nature and size of the claims , the number of claims , the known assets in the Estate , and know your settlement leverage , whatever it may be .
At the very least , I like to review this issue with the fiduciaries and have a strategy .
Most accountants do a fine job with filing income and estate tax returns for Estates .
Common sense says avoid tax season for this if you can .
Accountants are happy to work on these estates when they are less busy .
If you do n’t know an accountant , or do n’t want to use your own , ask your attorney to refer one .
As a fiduciary , what you never want to do is have tax returns filed late .
When this happens , it ’s your fault and you could be liable for any penalties an interest .
One of the reasons to collect assets quickly is have the Estate liquid enough to pay estimated taxes and avoid penalties .
I ’d rather a fiduciary over pay an estimated tax and get a refund , than to incur penalties and interest later and be personally on the hook .
This brings up an important point .
When I am an attorney for a fiduciary , who is my client ?
Am I the “ attorney for the Estate ” , as is often said ?
I never refer to myself that way .
I consider myself the attorney for the fiduciary , in that capacity .
That ’s why I give the advice referred to above – I view my role as advising the fiduciary to act correctly in their role .
Finally , when communicating with the other beneficiaries , one should be conscious of any appearance of a conflict of interest .
This becomes clear when , as is often the case , the fiduciary is also a partial beneficiary ( ie – the Estate is to be split 4 ways and the fiduciary has a 1/4 interest ) .
Your communication should always make your role clear , and you should be blatantly non-preferential towards yourself .
You ’ll be entitled to you Executor ’s fee off the top , and reimbursement of your expenses , plus your beneficiary share .
I want to make sure you get all that if that ’s what you want .
( Sometimes fiduciaries do reduce or waive their fee , but that is a personal decision )
It is often said that the best way to settle a possible lawsuit is to prepare as if you would have to prove everything at trial .
When you have the goods , and you show that you did it right , these things resolve .
And if they end up in Court despite this , you are ready .
Only in Africa
Funny pictures from wild Africa 🙂
This is the new facility for get online Kenya visa online and arrive and start the trip safely .
PRESS RELEASE
Strictly embargoed to 00.01 hrs Wednesday 9/9/09
999 Emergency
Call for witnesses to reverse rise in street violence
If you were mugged on a busy high street , how confident are you that any of the people who witnessed the attack would give a statement to the police ?
Contact : Guy Dehn - 0777 9486377 / 07847 898934
The recent rise in violent street attacks can only be reversed if more witnesses are given the confidence that they can make a difference , says Witness Confident the new charity that is launching today ( 9/9/9 ) .
11 % rise in street attacks last year
Drawing on the latest official figures , Witness Confident says that last year people were attacked by complete strangers some 850,000 times – an 11 % increase from the previous year .
Eight out of every ten times , the assault went unreported or unresolved and the attacker was left to carry on regardless .
( More details ) .
With a recent internal report from Scotland Yard revealing that only one in a thousand CCTV cameras will help convict a criminal each year , Witness Confident says this rising tide of street violence can only be turned by engaging the public when they witness these attacks .
Real campaigns , real help
Witness Confident will campaign that the Criminal Justice System should recognise witnesses as the eyes and ears of the community .
The charity will pilot new solutions such as developing Google maps for witness alerts and use new technology to simplify making statements :
Heralding this practical approach , the charity – for the first time in Britain – sets out guidance for people who witness street crime on how they can engage with the Criminal Justice System with minimum frustration .
Neil Svensen , chairman of Witness Confident and CEO of leading brand and digital company Rufus Leonard , has developed the new charities identity and message , explains “ It was important to be involved with a charity which will make the system better and not just help people through the arrangements that operate now . ”
Time to change the walk - on - by culture
The charity is confident that real progress can be made : Timeline .
Guy Dehn , director of Witness Confident , says “ Over the past year it has become increasingly clear that the frustration of the public is matched by the frustration of police officers , lawyers and judges about this walk - on - by culture . ”
While welcoming the steps that have made things better for those few witnesses who do attend court , Mr Dehn observes “ If we are going to tackle the root of this problem , we need to build up public confidence and stop stoking up people ’s fears , ” says Mr Dehn .
“ The fact is these days far too many people assume that if they take the trouble to get involved , it will just cause them grief ” .
- Ends -
Notes to Editor
The charity ’s launch is at 11 am on Wednesday 9th September .
The launch will cover -
* The full picture about rising levels of street violence
* How the Criminal Justice System overlooks independent witnesses
* Why it is wrong to blame the media for public anxiety about crime
* What this charity will be doing to reverse these trends .
The launch will be shown on the charity ’s website from 2 pm www.witnessconfident.org
For more information , please contact
Deborah.simpson@rufusleonard.com
or Julie.randall@rufusleonard.com
or phone them on 0207 404 4490 .
About Witness Confident
Witness Confident is a registered charity number 1131106 .
It has been set up to take a stand against the walk - on - by culture that fuels street violence , feeds fear and fractures communities .
It is funded by the Nuffield Foundation , Allen Lane Foundation and private donors and supporters including Rufus Leonard , the leading brand and digital agency .
About Rufus Leonard
Rufus Leonard is an award - winning top 10 brand and digital agency .
Founded in 1989 by Neil Svensen , Rufus Leonard now employs over 90 people specialising in brand and digital strategy and communications .
Clients include : Lloyds TSB , O2 , British Gas , COI , TfL and Churchill .
For more information about Rufus Leonard , go to www.rufusleonard.com.
Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer
All Tidehaven ISD students are eligible for the Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer , or P - EBT .
You should have received a school email or letter with more information on how to apply for these food benefits .
P- EBT is for children who received SNAP food benefits for March 2020 and for children who are certified for free or reduced - price school meals during the 2019 - 20 Texas school year .
You could receive up to $ 285 per child on a P - EBT card to purchase food at stores .
If you have not received P - EBT information from your school , please contact 833-613-6220 .
The deadline has been extended to July 31st
The two - term senator from South Carolina drew the ire of conservative activists last week after he joined Sen.
John Kerry , D - Mass. , in outlining the framework of a bipartisan plan for combating climate change that would tie greenhouse gas reductions with new nuclear power nationwide and expanded offshore drilling .
Environmentalists labeled the move a “ game changer ” that could propel controversial climate change legislation through the Senate , past dubious Democrats worried about the impact on home - state industries such as mining and manufacturing , and Republicans who consider it a damaging “ energy tax . ”
Sen . Lisa Murkowski , R - Alaska , who worries about the effects of a rising global temperature on the ice pack and permafrost in her home state , said the Graham - Kerry partnership could “ mark a shift in the climate debate . ”
“ It 's hard to overstate the significance of this , ” said Dan Lashof , director of the Natural Resources Defense Council .
“ It ensures that the Senate bill will be bipartisan ” and “ demonstrates that there is a pathway to 60 votes to overcome a filibuster ” and win Senate passage .
A long battle
Climate change legislation is notoriously difficult to manage on Capitol Hill .
Although the Senate has debated the issue three times in the past eight years , supporters of new emissions caps have never been able to secure more than 48 votes to advance such mandates in the 100 - member chamber .
This year , the House narrowly passed climate change legislation that would impose a 17 percent reduction of 2005 levels of carbon dioxide emissions by 2020 .
In the Senate , Kerry and Barbara Boxer , D - Calif. , have introduced a similar bill with a more ambitious 20 percent target for 2020 , but their measure has been stymied by the time - consuming health care debate and some Democratic opposition .
The climate change bills would set up a cap - and - trade plan so that refineries , manufacturers and other businesses could meet ever - tightening emissions limits by either cutting pollution or buying and trading allowances to spew heat - trapping gases .
In an op - ed published in the New York Times on Oct. 10 , Graham and Kerry backed the broad outlines for an energy bill with a cap - and - trade plan .
It also would include :
• • Limits on the cost of emissions allowances that would effectively set the minimum and maximum prices of pollution - emission permits .
• • Programs to encourage the development of carbon capture and storage technology that could make coal - fired power plants cleaner .
• • The opening of some coastal regions for new oil and gas drilling leases .
• • Incentives to encourage the construction of new nuclear power plants .
• • A new border tax on products from countries that do not impose similar emissions limits , aimed at helping U.S. manufacturers avoid a competitive disadvantage .
Bipartisan hope
The Graham - Kerry alliance is a potent force for climate change bill supporters , who can push a cap - and - trade plan through the Senate only if they win over enough Republicans to make up for the handful of Democrats expected to vote against the legislation .
“ There 's a way to grow Republican support , but it is a give and take , ” Graham told reporters .
“ Republicans have to give in the area of recognizing that climate change is real , and a cap - and - trade system is part of the solution . ”
Democrats , meanwhile , must “ give on the idea that you can't be serious about climate change solutions if you include nuclear power and energy independence , ” Graham said .
But Graham 's Republican colleagues on Capitol Hill are n't sold on his bipartisan pitch .
Doubters
For instance , Graham 's longtime friend and frequent ally Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , said he can't back the plan unless it includes robust support for nuclear power — perhaps going beyond what the pair outlined to include not just incentives for new construction but also a solution to the confounding problem of how to safely and securely store nuclear waste .
Sen . John Cornyn , R - Texas , said that even expanding drilling off the U.S. coast can't make up for “ new energy taxes ” that a cap - and - trade plan in effect would yield .
“ I 'm not for any new energy taxes , which seem to be the focus of most of the cap - and - trade ( proposals ) , ” Cornyn said .
“ What I 'm suggesting is we can deal with our clean energy needs and energy security without imposing a bunch of new energy taxes on consumers . ”
A British - based academic has uncovered a fragment of the world 's oldest Bible hiding underneath the binding of an 18th - century book .
Nikolas Sarris spotted a previously unseen section of the Codex Sinaiticus , which dates from about AD350 , as he was trawling through photographs of manuscripts in the library of St Catherine 's Monastery in Egypt .
The Codex , handwritten in Greek on animal skin , is the earliest known version of the Bible .
Leaves from the priceless tome are divided between four institutions , including St Catherine 's Monastery and the British Library , which has held the largest section of the ancient Bible since the Soviet Union sold its collection to Britain in 1933 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Academics from Britain , America , Egypt and Russia collaborated to put the entire Codex online this year but new fragments of the book are occasionally rediscovered .
Mr Sarris , 30 , chanced upon the fragment as he inspected photographs of a series of book bindings that had been compiled by two monks at the monastery during the 18th century .
Over the centuries , antique parchment was often re-used by St Catherine 's monks in book bindings because of its strength and the relative difficulty of finding fresh parchment in such a remote corner of the world .
A Greek student conservator who is studying for his PhD in Britain , Mr Sarris had been involved in the British Library 's project to digitise the Codex and quickly recognised the distinct Greek lettering when he saw it poking through a section of the book binding .
Speaking from the Greek island of Patmos yesterday , Mr Sarris said : " It was a really exciting moment .
Although it is not my area of expertise , I had helped with the online project so the Codex had been heavily imprinted in my memory .
I began checking the height of the letters and the columns and quickly realised we were looking at an unseen part of the Codex . "
Mr Sarris later emailed Father Justin , the monastery 's librarian , to suggest he take a closer look at the book binding .
" Even if there is a one - in - a - million possibility that it could be a Sinaiticus fragment that has escaped our attention , I thought it would be best to say it rather than dismiss it . "
Only a quarter of the fragment is visible through the book binding but after closer inspection , Father Justin was able to confirm that a previously unseen section of the Codex had indeed been found .
The fragment is believed to be the beginning of Joshua , Chapter 1 , Verse 10 , in which Joshua admonishes the children of Israel as they enter the promised land .
Speaking to The Art Newspaper , Father Justin said the monastery would use scanners to look more closely at how much of the fragment existed under the newer book binding .
" Modern technology should allow us to examine the binding in a non-invasive manner , " he said .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Sarris said his find was particularly significant because there were at least 18 other book bindings in the monastery 's library that were compiled by the same two monks that had re-used the Codex .
" We do n't know whether we will find more of the Codex in those books but it would definitely be worth looking , " he said .
The library in St Catherine 's does not have the laboratory conditions needed to carefully peel away the binding without damaging the parchment underneath but the library is undergoing renovations that might lead to the construction of a lab with the correct equipment to do so .
The Bible : A brief history
Although earlier fragments of the Bible have survived the passage of time , the Codex Sinaiticus is so significant because it is by far the most complete .
The full text that has been discovered so far contains virtually all of the New Testament and about half of the Old Testament .
But whenever an ancient version of the holy book is found , it often raises questions about the evolution of the Bible and how close what we read today is to the original words of Christ and his early followers .
The Old Testament was written largely in Hebrew ( with the odd Aramaic exception ) but it is by no means a homogenous entity .
Protestant and more recent Catholic versions of the Bible tend to use the Masoretic Text , a variation of the Hebrew Old Testament that was copied , edited and distributed by Jewish Masorete scholars between the 7th and 11th centuries .
Earlier Catholic translations and the Greek and Russian Orthodox churches use the Septuagint , an ancient Greek version of the Hebrew text that was translated between the 3rd and 1st centuries BC .
In studying the early history of the New Testament , historians have about 5,650 handwritten copies in Greek on which they can draw , many of which are distinctly different .
As Christianity consolidated its power through the first millennia , the four gospels of Matthew , Mark , Luke and John came to form the key elements of the New Testament .
But other apocryphal writings were discarded along the way .
The Shepherd of Hermas , for instance , is a Christian literary work of the 2nd century which appears in the Codex Sinaiticus and was considered part of the Bible by some early Christians but was later expunged .
The most well - known apocryphal gospel is that of Thomas , a collection of 114 numbered sayings attributed to Jesus that was discovered in 1945 .
As it never refers to Jesus as " Christ " , " Lord " or the " Son of Man " ( and lacks any mention of the miracles attributed to Jesus in the other gospels ) it is perhaps not surprising that it never made it into later versions of the Bible .
WOW !
What ever you need and want let me know and I 'll hook you up at a good price .
Seriously though , if it really is the end of the world , then you are not safe anywhere on it .
Lava melts just about anything on this planet .
If you want glass to block water , just get yourself some glass panels about 8 inches thick , it should cover you against fast moving water and should hold up should you be under deep water for some time at intense pressure .
But the Lava melts the glass , so you might want another alternative .
Bio Suit , look them up online .
There 's a variety of different suits with different lifespans and shelf life .
They can cost you from a few bucks to a few hundred or even thousand depending how high - tech you want to get with them .
As far as Nibiru goes , I do n't know how to protect against ficticious planets .
In the long run , your best bet might be to build a space ship instead and high - tail it to Mars .
You 'll probably be safer there .
* sigh * I can see someone out there using this 2012 junk to take advantage of poor naive fools and make a lot of money off of them .
As for me , if it is the end and it is our destiny there 's nothing we can do about it .
But I 'm not about to panic and worry about it , instead I 'll live my life till then and welcome it when the time comes on a lawn chair in my yard wearing some shorts , a wife - beater , and some flip - flops with a beer in my hand .
Autoblog Green
The granola girls over athad the rare opportunity to test out the quirky little U3 - X on a visit to the Honda R&D center in Japan .
You remember : the self - balancing unicycle that fits in a car door and relies on an inclinometer ( not gyroscope ) to know which way is up .
In essence it balances the rider like a broomstick held on - end in the palm of the end .
Autoblog calls it " far more intriguing than a Segway " due largely to the Honda Omni Traction ( HOT ) drive system that allows the personal transporter to move forward , back , and left and right on a series of small wheels .
Unfortunately , Honda would n't let anyone peek underneath to see the magic .
When turned on the U3 - X stands upright making small motions to maintain balance .
And as awkward as it looks , riding the U3 - X " could n't be easier " -- like a Segway you just lean ever so subtly in the direction you want to go .
It will tip over if the rider leans too far or too fast but it 's apparently very simple and intuitive to keep upright .
The 20 - pound model tested was designed for indoor use only and booked along at an overdue - toilet - break pace of 4MPH .
Check it out in the video after the break .
Earlier this season , Brett Favre said this of the 2009 Minnesota Vikings : " Physically , and from a talent level , this is the best team I 've ever been on . "
Favre 's teammates from the 1996 Green Bay Packers team -- which won the Super Bowl -- would beg to differ .
As Favre prepares to return to Lambeau Field for the first time as the quarterback of the rival Vikings , members of the 1996 Packers told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel that as good as the Vikings are , they do n't stack up to a team that featured a dominant Reggie White on defense and Favre as the league MVP at quarterback .
Favre did say later that he was n't trying to slight the ' 96 Packers .
Still , while his ex-Packers teammates acknowledge the Vikings ' strengths , they believe their team was better .
" To say that the team he's on now , after seven games , is better than the ' 96 team -- that 's just preposterous .
Not only did we have the No. 1 defense in 1996 , but we had No. 1 special teams , " former safety LeRoy Butler told the Journal Sentinel .
" I bleed green and gold so much .
I do n't want somebody to beat my team . "
Mark Chmura , a tight end on the ' 96 team , said he went through the rosters position by position and could not find an advantage for the Vikings .
" And it all starts with Brett -- Brett 's not as good as he was , " he said , according to the report .
The Organization of American States issued a statement calling for Mr. Zelaya ’s return and said it would not recognize any other government .
The organization ’s secretary general , José Miguel Insulza , called an emergency meeting of the group to weigh further actions .
The arrest of Mr. Zelaya was the culmination of a battle that had been simmering for weeks over a referendum , which was to have taken place Sunday , that he hoped would lead to a revision of the Constitution .
Critics said it was part of an illegal attempt by Mr. Zelaya to defy the Constitution ’s limit of a single four - year term for the president .
Early this month , the Supreme Court agreed , declaring the referendum unconstitutional , and Congress followed suit last week .
In the last few weeks , supporters and opponents of the president have held competing demonstrations .
On Thursday , Mr. Zelaya led a group of protesters to an Air Force base and seized the ballots , which the prosecutor ’s office and the electoral tribunal had ordered confiscated .
When the army refused to help organize the vote , he fired the armed forces commander , Gen. Romeo Vásquez .
The Supreme Court ruled the firing illegal and reinstated General Vásquez .
As the crisis escalated , American officials began in the last few days to talk with Honduran government and military officials in an effort to head off a possible coup .
A senior administration official , who briefed reporters on the condition of anonymity , said the military broke off those discussions on Sunday .
Image Mr. Zelaya after denouncing the coup during a news conference in San José .
 I am the president of Honduras ,  he insisted .
Credit ... Jeffrey Arguedas / European Pressphoto Agency
The two nations have long had a close military relationship , with an American military task force stationed at a Honduran air base about 50 miles northwest of Tegucigalpa .
The unit focuses on training Honduran military forces , counternarcotics operations , search and rescue , and disaster relief missions throughout Central America .
I 've been in the natural healing field for over thirty years .
I 've traveled all over the world , and have seen and heard almost everything !
I 've learned a lot about natural ways of healing the body , the mind , and the spirit , which I hope to share with you .
I believe that these approaches to healing and to prevention and to awakening can be a boon to each of us , and to the country as a whole .
Currently , I work as a consultant in natural approaches to healing .
The main treatment modalities are herbs , nutrition , bioelectromagnetism , and meditation .
As you 'll see on other pages of this website , these modalities are yielding amazing , paradigm - shifting , life - saving , health - giving , feel - better results !
READ FULL BIO >
Some of the most influential aides in Sen .
Max Baucus 's closed - door Senate Finance Committee negotiations over health care reform have ties to interests that would be directly affected by the legislation .
Revolving door for health care aides
Some of the most influential aides in the closed - door Senate Finance Committee negotiations over health care reform have ties to interests that would be directly affected by the legislation .
Before she was hired last year as senior counsel to Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) , Liz Fowler worked as a highly paid public policy adviser for WellPoint Inc. , the nation ’s largest publicly traded health benefits company .
Advertisement
Mark Hayes , health policy director and chief health counsel for Finance Committee ranking member Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) , is married to a registered lobbyist for a firm that represents drug companies and hospital groups , although the couple says she does n’t lobby Grassley ’s office .
Frederick Isasi , a health policy adviser to Sen. Jeff Bingaman ( D - N.M. ) , was a registered lobbyist at Powell Goldstein , where his clients included public hospitals and the American Stroke Association .
Kate Spaziani , senior health policy aide to Sen. Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) , was also a registered lobbyist at Powell Goldstein , although Conrad ’s office says she worked as a lawyer — not as a lobbyist — for public hospitals on Medicare issues .
There ’s no evidence that the aides ’ ties have shaped the bill that Baucus hopes to release Tuesday , and the ultimate decisions over its provisions rest with the senators themselves .
But critics say the involvement of such well - connected insiders could lead to dangerous conflicts .
“ It raises the concerns about the revolving door that have always been present , ” said Sheila Krumholz , executive director of the Center for Responsive Politics , a group that tracks influence in politics .
“ This just brings it into the fore because it ’s such a far - reaching bill . ”
The revolving door swings both ways in the health care debate — and the Finance Committee is n’t the only place where it stops .
All across Capitol Hill , a number of former lobbyists , consultants and advisers for firms that represent consumers , patients , hospitals , insurers , pharmaceutical companies and medical device makers are now in key positions in the House and Senate , according to a review of public records .
Mark Childress , a senior attorney on the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee who was a high - level official in the Clinton White House and an aide to former Sen.
Tom Daschle ( D - S.D. ) , was a partner at the law firm Foley Hoag , working in the government - relations department there before joining the HELP staff last spring .
Kathleen Kerrigan was a tax lobbyist at the firm Baker & Hostetler until February 2005 and is now advising Sen.
John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) on the tax issues in the debates over health care and other matters .
And according to the group Public Accountability Initiative , which tracks politicians ’ ties to various interests , more than 500 former congressional aides have gone on to become health care lobbyists .
Both lobbyists - turned - aides and aides - turned - lobbyists say they offer unique expertise and experience as lawmakers try to rewrite the nation ’s health care laws .
“ It gave me a very different perspective , leaving the Hill , ” said Debbie Curtis , who spent two years as a lobbyist for the consumer advocacy group Consumer Action during the Clinton - era health care debate .
Curtis is currently the chief of staff for Rep. Pete Stark ( D - Calif. ) , the chairman of the powerful health subcommittee on the House Ways and Means Committee .
Asked if the revolving door creates a problem , David Wenhold , president of the American League of Lobbyists , said , “ Absolutely not , ” adding that “ most lobbyists are subject - matter experts in their areas . ”
Indeed , Fowler — by several accounts the most important aide in the Gang of Six negotiations — is a seasoned veteran who has worked in a variety of areas in the health policy field .
“ Liz Fowler is a smart and talented individual and one of the brightest health care minds in the Senate , and she and the Finance Committee staff have been working day and night to help achieve this goal ” of crafting a health care bill to lower costs and provide affordable coverage , said Scott Mulhauser , spokesman for Baucus .
“ Sen . Baucus has served in the Senate for more than 30 years , and the only factor that influences his decisions and the decisions of his staff is whether a policy is right for his state and for the American people .
Period . ”
But when Baucus ’s office announced in early 2008 that it was hiring Fowler , it did n’t exactly advertise that she ’d been on the payroll of a massive health benefits firm .
Baucus ’s press release cited Fowler ’s prior experience in his office and on the staff of the late Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan ( D - N.Y. ) as well as her work for a private law firm .
It did n’t mention her most recent work for WellPoint , where she was not a registered lobbyist but served as an adviser .
WellPoint spokeswoman Cheryl Leamon said that the company does not “ see it as an advantage ” to have Fowler participating in the Gang of Six negotiations .
“ It ’s not unusual for a policy expert to go back and forth between the public and private sectors , ” she said .
Hayes — the Grassley aide whose wife represents the American Board of Internal Medicine and other clients as a lobbyist for Jennings Policy Strategies — said he and his lobbyist wife have taken steps to prevent any possible conflicts of interest .
Katherine Hayes , a onetime Senate aide , does not contact Grassley ’s staff while working on behalf of her clients .
“ As far as health care policy generally , there ’s not much we agree on , so we do n’t even like talking about it , ” Mark Hayes said .
First published Fri Jan 8 , 2016 ; substantive revision Mon Mar 16 , 2020
The discussion to follow describes some of the dominant claims , commitments , and forms that naturalistic epistemology , so understood , has taken , and specific examples of such naturalistic views .
As well , both the principal motivations for and the major objections to NE will be discussed .
Finally ( and , in some cases , along the way ) , we will briefly consider the relation between NE and some other recent and important subjects , positions , and developments — some of them just as controversial as NE itself .
These include externalism , experimental philosophy , social epistemology , feminist epistemology , evolutionary epistemology , and debates about the nature of ( epistemic ) rationality .
Given that the differences amongst naturalistic theories make it difficult to give a precise characterization of NE , it is not surprising that the division between NE and TE is itself something of an idealization .
Of course , just as there are clear instances where a theory belongs on one or the other side of this divide , there are some real differences between NE and TE broadly understood .
Nonetheless , many specific epistemological theories incorporate elements of each , and so any neat bifurcation of extant epistemologies into NE and TE is bound to sacrifice accuracy for precision .
NE can also be understood as an attempt to redress the perceived shortcomings of what ’s typically termed “ traditional epistemology ” ( TE ) . [ 1 ]
Here too , different naturalists are motivated by different concerns .
TE is variously seen as unduly and unprofitably concerned with skeptical worries ; as too much the product of “ armchair ” ( perhaps a priori , and maybe ultimately idiosyncratic ) theorizing ; as too geared towards the study of “ our concepts ” of various states and properties and not concerned enough with the epistemological phenomena themselves ; as operating without attention to the conditions in which knowledge ( for example ) is actually produced and / or shared , the limits , contours and history of actual human cognition , and so on .
Naturalism in epistemology , as elsewhere , has a long history .
But it is only relatively recently that it has gone by just that name and received so much focused attention .
As in other areas of philosophy , questions concerning naturalism ’s merits are central to recent epistemological debate .
While many epistemological theories and positions are agreed by all to exemplify , or to run counter to , naturalistic epistemology ( NE ) , it is difficult to characterize precisely , since “ naturalism ” is used to refer to a range of positions , commitments , and so on .
NE , then , is more a movement or general approach to epistemological theorizing than it is some substantive thesis ( / theses ) .
Broadly speaking , however , proponents of NE take the attitude that there should be a close connection between philosophical investigation — here , of such things as knowledge , justification , rationality , etc. — and empirical ( “ natural ” ) science .
Beyond that , and as detailed below , proponents of NE diverge in how they conceive of that close connection , exactly — whether and to what extent they advocate use of empirical methods , or insist upon the relevance of the results of certain areas of empirical study , or invoke certain recognized “ natural ” properties , relations , and so on , in their accounts of certain central epistemic phenomena .
So too , proponents of NE differ in which science (s ) they take to be relevant to epistemological theory — whether it is psychology and / or cognitive science , ethology , cultural studies , evolutionary theory , social theory , or some other area of empirical investigation .
Contemporary discussions of NE tend to take as their starting point Quine ’s seminal 1969 paper , “ Epistemology Naturalized ” .
Before considering that work , some background will help to give a sense of the general character of the traditional approach to epistemological theorizing , the various themes running through NE , and the pre-Quinean history of NE .
Here , the natural starting point is Descartes , who is widely regarded as “ the founder of modern epistemology ” ( Sosa 2003 : 554 ; cf. BonJour 2002 : 6 ) .
Descartes ’ avowed goal was to “ start again right from the foundations ” ( First Meditation , 1988 [ 1641 ] : 17 ) of science — i.e. , to legitimate the foundations of inquiry per se , and to show how we ought to conduct ourselves intellectually in order to achieve knowledge and avoid error .
The realization of the possibility of massive error — made vivid through the device of certain skeptical possibilities — of course had a significant influence over Descartes ’ theorizing .
His specific recommendation , arrived at through careful reflection on his own ideas , was a particularly strong foundationalism designed to rule out the possibility of error : one should “ hold back [ one ’s ] assent from opinions which are not completely certain and indubitable ” ( ibid. ) , and in fact treat as false anything that could possibly be false .
On the other hand , Descartes says , “ I …seem to be able to lay it down as a general rule that whatever I perceive very clearly and distinctly is true ” ( ibid. : 87 ) .
So long as one carefully apportions one ’s judgment to the degree of “ clarity and distinctness ” of one ’s ideas , given God ’s providence , one can proceed in confidence that one is not theorizing in error .
Very few current practitioners of TE endorse Descartes ’ arguments and positive views .
Very few , for example , accept his infallibilism about what knowledge requires , and many regard Descartes ’ arguments as manifesting an unfortunate circularity .
Nonetheless , Descartes ’ work exemplifies certain assumptions about the epistemological enterprise that many epistemologists have retained , even if only implicitly , and that have come to be closely associated with TE .
Taking our cue from Crumley ( 2009 : 185 ; Goldman 1986 : 1 –2 , and Pacherie 2002 : 300–301 , make similar suggestions ) , we can identify the most salient such assumptions as follows :
( a) Much of traditional theorizing about central epistemic notions , such as knowledge , justification , evidence , and so on , has been carried out a priori : careful reflection , rather than empirical investigation , is taken to be the proper method to arrive at an accurate understanding of the true epistemological principles and facts .
( b) Second , and relatedly , is a view of epistemology as autonomous : in terms of both its methods and its subject matter , epistemology is independent of the sciences .
Hence , for example , there ’s nothing the sciences can tell us that will , or could , inform our answers to the distinctively philosophical questions epistemologists ask ( “ what is knowledge ? ” , “ is knowledge even possible ? ” , etc. ) .
On the contrary , if anything , it is epistemology that ’s prior to the sciences — advances in the former can aid and constrain the latter , but not vice versa .
( c ) Third — and again , relatedly — a distinctive feature of traditional epistemology is said to be its concern with normative matters .
By this , it is usually meant at least that epistemological facts — whether a belief is justified or rational , e.g. — are evaluative , and not purely descriptive : to say that a belief is justified , for example , is to say that from an epistemic point of view it is good , correct , or permissible , to hold it .
( Compare Chisholm ’s ( 1977 ) calling “ justified ” a “ term of epistemic appraisal ” . )
Many proponents of TE regard epistemology as being normative in respect of being prescriptive as well — i.e. , of telling us how we should form our beliefs , and so on .
This connects with the idea , popular within TE , that epistemology is in the business of offering useful advice , and so as having “ an important meliorative dimension ” ( Kitcher 1992 : 64 ; cf. Wrenn 2006 : 60 ) .
To Crumley ’s list , we might , given its historical importance , add the following :
(d) While there is hardly agreement about how best to do so , among the central tasks of epistemology as traditionally practiced has been to articulate a plausible response to skepticism — i.e. , to defend the ordinary commitment that we have , or are reasonable in taking ourselves to have , a wide range of justified beliefs and / or a decent stock of knowledge .
( a ) –( d ) , again , are some of the central features of TE , as it is usually understood .
Obviously , there are natural connections among them .
For instance , to the extent that the autonomy of epistemology ( b ) is thought to amount to its priority — insofar as it approaches the status of “ first philosophy ” , in the manner Descartes supposed — a concern with ( d ) will be natural , even obligatory .
So too , one might think that the autonomy of epistemology ( b ) is owing to its ( partly ) normative subject matter ( c ) , and / or its distinctive methodology ( a ) , as compared with the ( purportedly ) purely descriptive concerns and a posteriori methods of science .
And so on .
However , the theories falling within TE are , once again , a varied lot ; and those sympathetic to TE at times pull these features apart , emphasizing commitment to them to varying degrees and in different ways .
And so too for those who favor NE : Naturalists join in rejecting one or more of the above features of traditional ( non-naturalistic ) epistemology .
But different theories and theorists within NE reject — to varying extents , in different ways , and for different reasons — different combinations of these features , and so differ in how much distance is put between their specific view and traditional epistemologies .
[ 2 ]
The resulting variety among naturalistic theories is reflected in the various taxonomies that other commentators have offered .
Thus , for example , Alvin Goldman ( 1994 : 301–304 ) has distinguished between meta-epistemic , substantive and methodological versions of NE : [ 3 ]
Meta-epistemic NE :
The meta-epistemological position that epistemic properties — in particular , those usually counted as “ normative ” or evaluative ( see above ) — are , or must be , appropriately related to “ natural ” properties .
The major forms of such appropriate relations are commonly thought to be reduction and supervenience .
( As Goldman notes ( 1994 : 301–302 ) , and we ’ll see below , meta- epistemic NE may not as it stands be sufficient to distinguish between certain naturalistic and non-naturalistic views ; and arguably , the motivation for it is as much methodological as it is metaphysical — see Section 3.2 . )
In terms of ( a ) – (d ) above , meta - epistemic NE would constitute a denial of the autonomy of epistemology ( b ) , at least as regards its fundamental ontology .
If the relevant evaluative property cannot be appropriately related to natural ones , on this view , it is rejected as unreal — yielding eliminativism or error theory — which would constitute a rejection of ( c ) .
Substantive NE : Some object - level thesis in the vein recommended by meta-epistemic NE — that is , an account of some epistemic phenomenon in terms of certain natural ( non-normative ) properties or relations .
Examples here would include accounts of knowledge or justification in terms of causation ( Goldman 1967 ) , reliability ( Armstrong 1968 , Goldman 1979 , Papineau 1993 , Kornblith 2002 ) , natural functions ( Graham 2012 , Millikan 1984 ) , information theoretic notions ( Dretske 1981 ) , or some kind of nomic or counterfactual dependence ( Nozick 1983 ) .
Such accounts tend to be “ externalist ” in character [ 4 ] — i.e. , they do not require , for a subject to know or be justified in believing , that s/he be aware of that in virtue of which s/he knows or is justified . [ 5 ]
Substantive NE too is a rejection of any very strong version of the autonomy of epistemology ( b ) , understood as a claim about its subject matter .
Further , some critics have contended that externalism is , as such , ill - equipped to provide useful guidance to epistemic agents , at least of the first - personal reason - guiding variety .
In this way , it has been thought , substantive naturalistic views might run afoul of ( c ) , understood as a claim about a specific type of normative guidance or improvement ( see , e.g. , Kaplan 1994 , BonJour 1994 ) .
An important sub - theme within substantive NE , as Goldman notes , is “ descriptive realism as opposed [ to ] idealization ” ( 1994 , p. 305 ) , not merely for accuracy ’s sake , but so as to ensure responsiveness to the principle that “ ought implies can ” ( ibid . ) .
For some , this is the primary motive for adopting a naturalistic approach :
The main reason that I believe that epistemology would have much to learn from psychology if psychologists knew more about belief formation is that I believe that in epistemology as in ethics ought implies can .
Epistemic agents cannot and ought not be faulted on the grounds that they did not follow epistemic strategies which are not cognitively possible for them .
( Grandy 1994 : 343 ; cf. , e.g. , Cherniak 1986 ; Harman 1986 , 1999 ; Bach 1984 , 1985 ; Kornblith 2001 )
Another manifestation of the aversion to overly - demanding or otherwise “ unrealistic ” epistemic theory is a tendency to treat
the question “ How is knowledge possible ? ” … as an abbreviation for the question “ How is knowledge possible for beings like us in the world as it is ? ” ( Pacherie 2002 : 306 ; cf. Papineau 1993 , “ Introduction ” , and Kornblith 1994 b )
The same “ realistic ” outlook is evident as well as in naturalists ’ well - known and often - criticized disinclination to seriously engage with the traditional problem of philosophical skepticism ( on which , more below ) .
Last within Goldman ’s typology is methodological NE , according to which epistemology
should either consist in empirical science , or should at least be informed and beholden to the results of scientific disciplines .
( 1994 : 305 )
If the former , we have what Feldman ( 2012 ) and others , following Kornblith ( 1994a : 3 – 4 ) , refer to as replacement naturalism .
On the latter , weaker reading , on which epistemology retains some of its essential ( traditional ) features and merely “ needs help ” from other disciplines ( Goldman 1986 : 9 ) , we have what Feldman ( 2012 ) calls cooperative naturalism and what Goldman elsewhere ( 1999a ) dubs moderate naturalism ( see Section 5.1 below ) .
In his own work , Goldman ( 1999a ; 1986 ; 2005 : 403 ) has emphasized the methodological form or dimension of NE ; and it is foremost in the work of others as well , including Quine ( 1969 b ) and Kornblith ( e.g. , 2002 , 2007 ) .
In terms of the features of TE described above , a commitment to methodological NE would see us rejecting or qualifying both the a priori character of epistemology ( a ) , understood as a prescriptive claim , and its methodological autonomy ( b ) : on this view , empirical methods and the results obtained thereby have a crucial role to play in epistemological theorizing .
Having reviewed some general features of TE , and some of the major forms and themes of NE , we will next consider some important and influential recent versions of NE , using the above features and categories to clarify and facilitate discussion .
This survey will center on recent epistemological developments .
However , it bears emphasizing once again that NE per se is not itself a recent phenomenon : as briefly explained in the next ( sub ) section , various themes within NE are as much a part of our epistemological inheritance as are the usual features of TE .
While Cartesian epistemology offers an especially vivid instance of all of the features of TE discussed above , some of those same tendencies and concerns are , of course , present in varying degrees in the work of other figures in the epistemological canon .
The assumption that epistemology trades in normative matters , and not just description ( c ) , and an abiding concern with skepticism ( d ) , for example , can be seen in much epistemology from Descartes through to the present .
At the same time , however , many of the same figures ’ works comfortably assume features of the naturalistic outlook .
So naturalism is far from a recent invention ; as Kornblith puts it , it has “ a long and distinguished heritage ” ( 1999 : 158 ) .
As the subtitle of Hume ’s most famous work , for example , makes clear —
“ An attempt to introduce the experimental method of reasoning into moral [ i.e. , human ] subjects ” — his intention was to apply the Newtonian “ experimental method ” to the human mind , avoiding “ hypotheses ” and trying to uncover the most general underlying principles .
Only then , he thought , would we be in a position to get our epistemic position into proper perspective .
Further , the inspiration Hume draws from sciences beyond “ the science of man ” ( 1739 , “ Introduction ” ) to which he intends his own work to be a contribution , is not merely methodological .
He compares his principles of association to gravity , for example , “ ideas and impressions ” being the relevant domain of “ objects ” on which those “ forces ” operate ( ibid. , 1.1.4 para 6 ) .
Lastly , according to Barry Stroud , Hume ’s “ revolution in philosophy ” was his use of this empirical orientation to rein in and replace an overly rationalistic conception of cognitive agents :
There had traditionally been a largely inherited or a priori framework of thinking about human nature — in particular about man ’s rationality — that Hume seeks both to discredit and to supplant .
( Stroud 1977 : 9 )
On the face of it , the “ skeptical ” upshot of Hume ’s study stands in stark contrast to the strong sense of enlightenment optimism with which the Treatise begins ( compare the “ Introduction ” of the Treatise to Book I ’s “ Conclusion ” ) .
But Locke , for example , is more consistently optimistic .
His discussion of the nature and extent of human knowledge is , like Hume ’s , preceded and informed by psychological theorizing based — to the best of his ability — on good observational reasoning .
Further , Locke insists that it is “ [ f] olly to expect demonstration in everything ” ( Locke 1690 : IV.XI.10 ) , and he defends the information of the senses as giving us “ an assurance that deserves the name knowledge ” ( ibid. , IV.XI.3 ) , notwithstanding the theoretical possibility of our being deceived .
This runs counter to Descartes ’ infallibilism , of course .
But it also illustrates the above - mentioned shift , characteristic of NE , away from perfectly general questions about the nature and possibility of knowledge to understanding human knowledge , given the facts of our powers and situation :
… our faculties being suited not to the full extent of Being , nor to a perfect , clear , comprehensive Knowledge of things free from all doubt and scruple ; but to the preservation of us , in whom they are ; and accommodated to the use of Life : they serve to our purpose well enough , if they will but give us certain notice of those
Things , which are convenient or inconvenient to us … .
( 1690 : IV.XI.8 )
Similar themes , both methodological and epistemic , are at the forefront in Thomas Reid , who begins his first major work as follows :
Wise men now agree , or ought to agree , in this , that there is but one way to the knowledge of nature ’s works — the way of observation and experiment … .
All that we know of the body , is owing to anatomical dissection and observation , and it must be by an anatomy of the mind that we can discover its powers and principles … .
( 1764 : Chapter 1 , Section 1 )
As to his epistemology , Norman Daniels claims that Reid ’s views can be seen as “ a precursor to recent work in cognitive psychology and ‘ naturalized epistemology ’ ” ( 1989 : 133 ) .
And Rysiew ( 2002 ) argues that Reid does not entirely separate psychological facts from epistemic norms .
In general , then , if by “ psychologism ” we mean simply the view that psychology is of direct relevance to certain areas of philosophy — as opposed to its ( usually pejorative ) usage in denoting the identification of psychological and normative or logical matters — there is ample backing for Goldman ’s claim that “ [ p] sychologistic epistemology … is in the mainstream of historical epistemology ” ( 1986 : 6 ) . [ 6 ]
It was Frege ( in The Foundations of Arithmetic , 1884 ) , and Husserl ( in his “ Prolegomena to Pure Logic ” , in the Logical Investigations , 1900 ) , with their trenchant critiques of psychologism in logic and mathematics , who were largely responsible for initiating the sharp turn away from this broadly naturalistic status quo ( see Kusch 2014 ; see too Kitcher 1992 , Goldman 1986 , Kelly 2014 , Anderson 2005 , and Engel 1998 ) .
A key part of Frege ’s and Husserl ’s thinking here was that tying logic to psychology was incompatible with preserving its necessary character , and with its being knowable a priori .
Following their lead , the logical positivists approached epistemology , as other areas , as a matter of a priori “ rational reconstruction ” , in Carnap ’s ( 1928 [ 1967 ] ) famous phrase .
Such reconstruction “ replace [d ] rationally opaque processes with transparently rational definitions and inferences ” ( Richardson 2006 : 682 ) .
Claims about ordinary objects were given “ logical definitions ” in a language that made reference only to experience ( sense data ) ; more complex such statements were defined in terms of simpler ones , and logical relations between them were made explicit .
In none of this was the goal to be faithful to actual psychology .
The clean separation of psychology from epistemology was enshrined as well in Reichenbach ’s famous distinction between the context of discovery and the context of justification , which he described as “ a more convenient determination ” of rational reconstruction ( Reichenbach 1938 : 6 ; cf. Richardson 2006 : 683 ) .
Reichenbach writes :
Epistemology does not regard the processes of thinking in their actual occurrence ; this task is entirely left to psychology .
What epistemology intends is to construct thinking processes in a way in which they ought to occur if they are to be ranged in a consistent system ; or to construct justifiable sets of operations which can be intercalated between the starting - point and the issue of thought - processes , replacing the real intermediate links .
Epistemology thus considers a logical substitute rather than real processes .
( Reichenbach 1938 : 5 )
While enthusiasm for the project of rational reconstruction faded , elements of the program — a disinterest in psychology , a preference for a formal - logical approach , and a concern with precise definition of key terms — were retained .
It was in this period that “ conceptual analysis ” , for example , came to prominence .
The paradigms of epistemology became the logic of confirmation , the analysis of “ S knows that p ” , and the theory of justification or warrant , ( Goldman 1986 : 7 )
to none of which was psychology , much less any other empirical science , thought to be relevant .
Just as very few proponents of TE endorse Descartes ’ own epistemological views , very few advocates of NE endorse the position presented — or seemingly presented — in the paper that is the starting point of contemporary discussions of NE , Quine ’s “ Epistemology Naturalized ” ( 1969 b ) .
However , because of its undeniable historical importance , and because it will serve to introduce some of the principal objections to NE , it can hardly be ignored .
Like Descartes , Quine takes epistemology to be “ concerned with the foundations of science ” ( 1969b : 69 ) .
Addressing the logical empiricist project of rational reconstruction , he says that
[t ] he Cartesian quest for certainty [ is ] the remote motivation of epistemology , both on its conceptual side and its doctrinal side .
( 1969b : 74 )
About the epistemological project , so understood , Quine ’s chief observation is hardly news : the Cartesian quest is “ a lost cause ” ( ibid . ) .
Whether in the form Descartes himself practiced , or in any subsequent form up to and including the logical empiricists ’ , work on both the conceptual and the doctrinal side is bound to fail : no strict translation of the notion of “ body ” in sensory terms is possible , and “ the inferential steps between sensory evidence and scientific doctrine must fall short of certainty ” ( 1969b : 74–75 ) .
What is new in “ Epistemology Naturalized ” is what Quine recommends in the face of this result :
Why all this creative reconstruction , all this make - believe ?
The stimulation of his sensory receptors is all the evidence anybody has had to go on , ultimately , in arriving at his picture of the world .
Why not just see how this construction really proceeds ?
Why not settle for psychology ?
( 1969 b : 75 ) If all we hope for is a reconstruction that links science to experience in explicit ways short of translation , then it would seem more sensible to settle for psychology .
Better to discover how science is in fact developed and learned than to fabricate a fictitious structure to a similar effect .
( 1969 b : 78 ) Epistemology , or something like it , simply falls into place as a chapter of psychology and hence of natural science .
It studies a natural phenomenon , viz. , a physical human subject .
This human subject is accorded a certain experimentally controlled input — certain patterns of irradiation in assorted frequencies , for instance — and in the fullness of time the subject delivers as output a description of the three - dimensional external world and its history .
The relation between the meager input and the torrential output is a relation that we are prompted to study for somewhat the same reasons that always prompted epistemology : namely , in order to see how evidence relates to theory , and in what ways one ’s theory of nature transcends any available evidence ….
But a conspicuous difference between old epistemology and the epistemological enterprise in this new psychological setting is that we can now make free use of empirical psychology .
( 1969b : 82–83 )
Even if it would offend strong anti-psychologists , it is not the suggestion that epistemologists make “ free use ” of empirical psychology that is so radical ; it is the suggestion that psychology can and should replace epistemology .
( As we ’ll see in Section 3.2 below , in later writings Quine cites other sciences as being relevant to epistemology naturalized as well .
But that does not affect the present discussion . )
In terms of the features of TE laid out above ( Section 1.1 ) , Quine appears here to be rejecting ( a ) –( c ) altogether : epistemology — “ or something like it ” — is recast as wholly a posteriori , descriptive , and anything but autonomous .
As to ( d ) , the traditional concern with finding an adequate response to the skeptic , Quine , in later writings , responds with the claim that “ skeptical doubts are scientific doubts ” ( 1975 : 68 ) :
Scepticism is an offshoot of science .
The basis for scepticism is the aware­ness of illusion , the discovery that we must not always believe our eyes .
… But in what sense are they illusions ?
In the sense that they seem to be material objects which they in fact are not .
Illusions are illusions only relative to prior acceptance of genuine bodies with which to contrast them … .
The positing of bodies is already rudimentary physical science ; and it is only after that stage that the sceptic ’s invidious distinctions make sense .
… Rudimentary physical science , that is , common sense about bodies , is thus needed as a springboard for scepticism … .
( 1975 : 67 )
But if skepticism itself is born of science , we can appeal to science in answering its doubts .
For instance , we can look to natural selection , and find “ some encouragement in Darwin ” in quelling doubts about the reliability of induction :
creatures inveterately wrong in their inductions have a pathetic but praiseworthy tendency to die out before reproducing more of their kind .
( 1969 c : 126 )
( For similar ideas , see Kornblith 1994a and Dretske 1989 .
For a discussion of “ evolutionary epistemology ” , a specific avenue of study that treats both aspects of human cognition and theory change in science in terms of selectional processes , see Bradie and Harms 2015 . )
In thus deflating the skeptical problem , Quine turns his back on ( d ) , the final characteristic feature of TE .
In terms of the forms of NE discussed above ( Section 1.2 ) , Quine appears to be recommending replacement naturalism and , consequently , the elimination of terms of epistemic appraisal in favor of descriptions of psychological goings - on ( eliminative NE ) .
Unsurprisingly , given the radical character of the view defended , Quine ’s “ Epistemology Naturalized ” has been subjected to heavy criticism .
[ 7 ]
In this Section , we briefly consider a number of specific objections to it that have been presented .
As we will see , some of these are more easily met , at least prima facie , than others .
Others , geared as they are towards Quine ’s arguments and position in particular , are of less general interest .
Others still raise issues facing all versions of NE — they remain front and center in current discussions of NE and its prospects .
(1) One natural response to Quine ’s “ Epistemology Naturalized ” is to see it as involving , in one or another way , a gross non sequitur .
On one version , this is because Quine equates TE with Cartesian epistemology ; whereas , by the time of his writing , infallibilism had largely fallen out of fashion ( e.g. , Kim 1988 : 386–388 ; Van Fraassen 1995 : 82 ) .
So too for the project of “ rational reconstruction ” , “ an epistemological program ” , as Kelly puts it , “ that had already been abandoned by the time [ Quine ] wrote ” ( 2014 : 24 ) .
Instead , by 1969 TE had largely turned to the now - familiar analytic program of suggesting definitions , or criteria for the application , of epistemic terms and concepts , revising these in light of often - imaginary counter - examples , and so on ( Almeder 1990 : 267 ) .
( A fair snapshot of the then - state of the art would be Knowing : Essays on the Analysis of Knowledge , edited by Roth & Galis 1970 . )
So , whatever the merits of Quine ’s attack on the sort of strong foundationalist program practiced by Descartes and the logical empiricists , they fail to motivate any rejection of TE as such .
(2) A second objection is that Quinean naturalism is viciously circular .
Among the central tasks of epistemology , it ’s said , is to establish that empirical knowledge is possible — that we may , for example , legitimately rely upon empirical science as a source of knowledge .
However , Quine would have epistemologists make “ free use ” of the results of science from the start .
(3) A third , related objection is that Quine ’s response to skepticism is unsatisfactory .
Insofar as the challenge posed by skepticism is to establish the possibility of knowledge , making use of certain methods of belief - formation , common - sensical or otherwise , is hardly going to strike the skeptic as legitimate : “ Such attempts to respond to the skeptic ’s concerns involve blatant , indeed pathetic , circularity ” ( Fumerton 1994 : 338 ) .
Granted , Quine claims that skeptical arguments inevitably trade on the fact of illusions , which would seem to make ( other ) appeals to common sense fair game .
According to BonJour , however ,
[t ] he fundamental skeptical move is to challenge the adequacy of our reasons for accepting our beliefs , and such a challenge can be mounted without any appeal to illusion .
( 1994 : 288 )
And even in the case of illusions , skepticism requires only their possibility , not their reality ( Stroud 1981 , 1984 : Ch. VI ; compare Feldman 2012 : Section 3 ) .
(4) Fourth , and perhaps best known , is the objection that , in recasting epistemology as “ a chapter of psychology ” , Quine is stripping away any concern with epistemic normativity .
( Hence , that his endorsement of replacement naturalism has eliminativism as a consequence . )
The complaint here is not merely that normativity is a feature of TE ( Section 1.1 ) ; it is that a concern with normative epistemic matters is essential to epistemology per se .
Jaegwon Kim , the foremost author of this complaint , takes the abandonment of normativity to be what ’s really distinctive about Quine ’s proposal :
He is asking us to set aside the entire framework of justification - centered epistemology .
That is what is new in Quine ’s proposals .
Quine is asking us to put in its place a purely descriptive , causal - nomological science of human cognition .
( Kim 1988 : 388 )
Quine does , of course , speak of NE as investigating “ how evidence relates to theory ” , but this claim is misleading .
Since “ evidence ” here is proxy for certain causal - nomological relations , the claim “ suggests a conflation of causal and evidential relations ” ( Grandy 1994 : 345 ; cf. Sellars 1956 : Sec 32 ; Siegel 1980 : 318–319 ; Lehrer 1990 : 168–172 ) .
Evidence as it relates to justification is what concerns the epistemologist .
Justification is the central epistemic notion — it makes up the difference between mere true belief and knowledge ( modulo Gettier ) , and is the locus of specifically epistemic normativity .
Thus , to jettison justification is to abandon any concern with normativity ; and without such a concern , whatever we ’re doing , it ’s not deserving of the title “ epistemology ” :
… it is difficult to see how an “ epistemology ” that has been purged of normativity , one that lacks an appropriate normative concept of justification or evidence , can have anything to do with the concerns of traditional epistemology .
And unless naturalized epistemology and classical epistemology share some of their central concerns , it ’s difficult to see how one could replace the other , or be a way ( a better way ) of doing the other … .
For epistemology to go out of the business of justification is for it to go out of business .
( Kim 1988 : 391 ) [ 8 ]
(5) A final objection that has been presented in various forms ( e.g. , Bealer 1992 , Kaplan 1994 , BonJour 1994 , Siegel 1984 , Brandom 1998 ) is that Quine ’s position is self - defeating .
For example , part of Quine ’s argument for the idea that “ the old epistemology ” is doomed is his rejection of the a priori— feature ( a ) of TE ( Section 1.1 ) .
However , as Mark Kaplan puts it , to convince of us this , and of the disreputability of “ [t ] he a priorism involved in the traditional sort of armchair methodological research ” , “ what the proponents of naturalism have offered us is a series of arguments ” ( 1994 : 359 ) .
But it seems that nothing in epistemology as Quine conceives of it affords us the resources for evaluating such arguments :
… are [ naturalists ’ ] arguments cogent ?
So long as the naturalists mean to be showing their audience in spoken word and in print that their doctrines are correct , this question will be an urgent one .
But how are we supposed to go about trying to answer it ?
What are we to do — what can we do — to decide whether the naturalists ’ arguments are cogent ?
It is hard to see what we can do except evaluate these arguments by the light of the very sorts of epistemic intuitions which the naturalists are so eager to disparage .
( Kaplan 1994 : 360 ; cf. Almeder 1990 : 266–267 )
In this way , NE itself requires or presumes the legitimacy of appeals to a priori or “ armchair ” intuition , such appeals being a key element within what George Bealer has called “ the standard justificatory procedure ” in philosophy ( Bealer 1992 ) .
So the position of the proponent of NE is self - defeating — “ it seeks to justify naturalized epistemology in precisely the way in which , according to it , justification cannot be had ” ( Siegel 1984 : 675 ) .
Various responses to the preceding objections have been suggested .
Addressing the first will give us occasion to clarify typical current naturalists ’ motivations , as well as — and relatedly — to get a better sense of what is , and is not , central to NE .
Addressing the fourth and fifth will carry us beyond Quine and into the heart of current disagreements with , and within , NE .
(1) Recall , first , the non sequitur objection , according to which Quine falsely equates TE with Cartesian epistemology .
One response is that Quine ’s arguments survive — at least in spirit — the recognition that many epistemologists had / have already moved away from infallibilistic requirements on foundational beliefs , and that even in its more lenient forms , “ [ f ] oundationalism has simply failed to deliver the goods ” ( Kornblith 1995 : 238 ) .
For the looser we make the requirements on justified beliefs in answer to our pretheoretic intuitions , the less we ’re learning about knowledge , the less we ’re seriously engaged with answering the skeptic , and the less we stand to gain any substantial epistemic advice ( beyond , “ keep believing more or less what you already believed ” ) ( 1995 : 239 ) .
So foundationalism , in whatever form , “ is an idea which [ has ] simply failed to work out ” ( 1995 : 239 ) . [ 9 ]
A different line of response to the non sequitur objection is simply to grant the point , but observe that , Quine ’s arguments notwithstanding , more recent naturalists have not been motivated by the failure of Cartesian epistemology .
Rather , they have sought to find an alternative to what was seen as a stagnating or otherwise unsatisfactory traditional approach .
For instance , failed attempts to solve the Gettier problem by requiring more , and more subtle , logical relations among propositions , seemed to ignore the fact that , unless the subject ’s psychology aligns with the suggested requirements , the proposed analysis will fail ( Kitcher 1992 : 59–60 ) .
Thus , Goldman ’s early causal theory of knowing — an early appearance of NE in the aforementioned Roth & Galis volume — was expressly presented as an alternative to
a well - established tradition in epistemology , the view that epistemological questions are questions of logic or justification , not causal or genetic questions .
( Goldman 1967 : 82 )
Along the same lines , when , at the end of his “ Discrimination and Perceptual Knowledge ” , Goldman contrasts his approach with that of Descartes , it ’s not the latter ’s infallibilism that gets special attention , but rather issues of a broadly explanatory - methodological nature :
The trouble with many philosophical treatments of knowledge is that they are inspired by Cartesian - like conceptions of justification or vindication .
There is a consequent tendency to overintellectualize or overrationalize the notion of knowledge .
In the spirit of naturalistic epistemology , I am trying to fashion an account of knowing that focuses on more primitive and pervasive aspects of cognitive life , in connection with which , I believe , the term “ know ” gets its application .
A fundamental facet of animate life , both human and infra-human , is telling things apart , distinguishing predator from prey , for example , or a protective habitat from a threatening one .
The concept of knowledge has its roots in this kind of cognitive activity .
( Goldman 1976 : 102 )
Other naturalistic treatments of knowledge were similarly motivated .
For instance , Dretske ’s ( 1981 ) information - theoretic account was an attempt to move beyond justification - centered accounts of knowledge — accounts which took it for granted that knowledge required justification , the task then being to find what special combination of other ingredients must be added to yield knowledge .
According to Dretske , such an approach faces “ a variety of crippling objections ” ( 1981 : 85 ) .
In addition , “ [t ] he concept of justification ( or some related epistemic notion ) is often taken to be primitive ” , with theorists using
firmer intuitions about when , and whether , someone knows something to determine when , and whether , someone has a satisfactory level of justification .
( 1981 : 249 )
Finally , like Goldman , Dretske associates justificationist accounts of knowledge with a tendency to over - intellectualize epistemic phenomena , to focus on “ fancier ” cases of knowing , cases which bring in ( what he sees as ) extraneous factors .
The result is that the theorist is left having to reject some very clear cases of knowledge — in children , non-human animals , and unreflective adults — as not genuine knowledge at all ( Dretske 1991 ) .
His own account of knowledge ,
is an attempt to get away from the philosopher ’s usual bag of tricks ( justification , reasons , evidence , etc. ) in order to give a more realistic picture of what perceptual knowledge is .
( 1983 : 58 )
The same kind of broad methodological concerns are evident as well in naturalistic accounts of justification ( warrant , etc. ) , rather than knowledge .
Goldman ’s reliabilism about justification ( 1979 ) , for example , has among its starting points a critique of “ ahistorical ” , apsychological accounts of justification — i.e. , accounts which state conditions on a belief ’s being justified
without restriction on why the belief is held , i.e. , on what causally initiates the belief or causally sustains it .
( 1979 : 112 ) [ 10 ]
Also worth noting here are a pair of more strictly meta-epistemological desiderata Goldman announces at the start of the same paper .
The first is that an account of justification should be “ substantive ” — i.e. , that it should specify in non-epistemic terms when a belief is justified ( p. 105 ) .
This recalls , of course , meta-epistemic NE ( Section 1.2 ) — i.e. , the thought that evaluative epistemic properties are , or must be , reducible or otherwise appropriately related to ( e.g. , supervene on ) “ natural ” properties .
And it is sometimes suggested that this — the demand , as Maffie puts it , that “ epistemic value [ be ] anchored to descriptive fact , no longer entering the world autonomously as brute , fundamental fact ” ( 1990a : 284 ) — is central to the debate over NE ( ibid . ; Steup 1996 : 185–6 ) .
According to Kim , that epistemic properties do plausibly supervene on “ natural facts ” is what makes normative epistemology possible , and naturalistically respectable , even if no reduction [ 11 ] is forthcoming :
… is there a positive reason for thinking that normative epistemology is a viable program ?….
The short answer is this : we believe in the supervenience of epistemic properties on naturalistic ones , and more generally , in the supervenience of all valuational and normative properties on naturalistic conditions … .
That [ a given belief ] is a justified belief cannot be a brute fundamental fact unrelated to the kind of belief it is .
There must be a reason for it , and this reason must be grounded in the factual descriptive properties of that particular belief .
Something like this , I think , is what we believe .
( Kim 1988 : 399 )
As others have observed , however , it is doubtful that the question of whether epistemic properties at least supervene upon natural properties — hence , meta-epistemic NE , as written — sheds much light on the NE - vs - TE controversy ( see Foley 1994 : 243–244 ; Feldman 2012 : Section 4 ; Maffie 1990a : 289 ; Kappel 2011 : 839 ) .
For virtually everyone on both sides of that debate can be seen as agreeing that epistemic properties supervene .
( The notable exception here is Lehrer 1997 . )
For example , Chisholm , who is hardly thought to be an advocate of NE , is explicit in holding that epistemic facts supervene on non-epistemic ones ( 1989 : 42–43 ; cf. 1957 : 31–39 ; 1982 : 12 ) — for instance , that being appeared to in certain ways makes it evident to S that he is appeared to by an F , or makes S justified in believing that there is an F before him .
And Feldman ( 2012 ) argues that evidentialism — which is usually regarded as an instance of TE , not NE — respects supervenience as well .
( Evidentialism has it that what determines whether one is justified is a function of the evidence possessed , where one ’s evidence , on the view Feldman himself favors , is some combination of one ’s experiences , memories and other beliefs . )
So we do not yet have a plausible candidate , in the vicinity of meta- epistemic NE , of something on which proponents of TE and NE might clearly divide .
Taking Goldman as our representative of NE , we find a suggestion in his second desideratum — namely , that an account of justification be genuinely explanatory , or “ appropriately deep and revelatory ” ( 1979 : 106 ) .
He writes :
Suppose , for example , that the following sufficient condition of justified belief is offered : “ If S senses redly at t and S believes at t that he is sensing redly , then S ’s belief at t that he is sensing redly is justified ” .
This is not the kind of principle I seek ; for , even if it is correct , it leaves unexplained why a person who senses redly and believes that he does , believes this justifiably .
( 1979 : 106 )
So , while the stated Chisholmian principle itself respects supervenience — what ’s mentioned in its antecedent is , plausibly , wholly psychological — it fails to be genuinely illuminating .
As Feldman says , Chisholm holds that , underlying particular epistemic facts such as the one Goldman mentions are “ principles of evidence other than the formal principles of deductive logic and inductive logic ” ( Chisholm 1977 : 67 ) which are themselves fundamental .
Further , Feldman continues , something similar is true of traditionalists more generally :
In addition to facts about particular people being justified in believing particular propositions , [ traditionalists ] are committed to the existence of epistemic facts about what beliefs are supported by a particular body of evidence .
It remains unclear whether these are natural facts .
Traditionalists often regard these facts as necessary truths , and it is their necessity that enables evidentialists to endorse the supervenience thesis .
[ On standard definitions of supervenience , necessary truths supervene on any facts — so , trivially , they supervene on natural facts . ]….
[ But it ] is legitimate to ask whether they count as natural facts .
( Feldman 2012 : Section 4 )
However , regardless of the answer to the latter question , construed as a metaphysical query , it is clear that the relevant meta-epistemological concern of Goldman ’s , at least , is methodological : he wants to explain justification , and thinks that an appeal to the reliability of the processes which generate and sustain a belief , for example , does just that , whereas an appeal to Chisholmian — or , presumably , evidentialist — principles does not .
Similar concerns would apply to Chisholm ’s ( 1977 ) taking reasonableness as primitive [ 12 ] and casting other central epistemic notions in terms of it ( as Lehrer would later do ; see his 1990 : 127 ) : while this is compatible with there in fact being some naturalistic basis for reasonableness [ 13 ] — i.e. , with reasonableness being part of the real , natural world — the resulting account would not be “ appropriately deep and revelatory ” .
Of course , opponents of NE may contest this claim and hold that there just are brute epistemic principles and sui generis epistemic properties — as Chisholm , Lehrer , and perhaps many other traditionalists believe ( Fumerton , e.g. , is quite explicit about this ; 1988 : 454–455 ) .
And , as Feldman ( 2012 : Section 4 ) notes , the disagreement here appears to be over what is natural , as opposed to over whether extra-natural facts exist .
Nevertheless , the present point is that the attempt to avoid any such fundamental epistemic properties or principles in one ’s theorizing appears to be a real difference between NE and TE , and seems to be of more central importance than a concern for reduction - or - supervenience per se .
In any case , it should now be clear that current naturalists are not directly inspired by the failure of specifically Cartesian epistemology .
So even if it ’s a mistake on Quine ’s part to represent NE as having such a source , that point does not seem directly relevant here .
(2) Turning now to the circularity objection , Quine himself addresses it when he says :
If the epistemologist ’s goal is validation of the grounds of empirical science , he defeats his purpose by using psychology or other empirical science in the validation .
However , such scruples against circularity have little point once we have stopped dreaming of deducing science from observations .
( 1969b : 75–76 )
Moreover , this rejoinder aside , it may be that “ we should expect question begging when the issue concerns our most fundamental methods of inquiry ” ( Foley 1994 : 256 ) .
Further , there is no guarantee anyway that a given method will vindicate itself — a method may generate evidence that undermines its own reliability ( ibid . ) .
Finally , just when ( if ever ) circularity is epistemically bad , and why , is a matter of some controversy .
( For general discussion and references , see Lammenranta n.d. in Other Internet Resources ; see too Kappel 2011 : 843 . )
(3) Broadly similar remarks have been suggested in reply to the objection that Quine ’s response to skepticism is unsatisfactory .
While that response may involve blatant circularity , for the reasons just given it ’s an open question whether that circularity is vicious .
Further , Quine claims , in pointing out that skeptical doubts are scientific doubts , he did not take himself to be refuting the skeptic or subjecting skepticism to a reductio ( 1975 : 68 ) .
More generally , questions might be raised about the underlying assumption that responding to the skeptic in such a way as to not beg any questions is an achievable end to begin with , and so whether it is something that deserves as much attention as it has traditionally been afforded .
Here , proponents of NE diverge somewhat .
Kornblith states that the project of responding to the skeptic is “ a dead end ” ( 1999 : 166 ) .
In a similar vein , Kitcher says that “ [ s ] keptics who insist that we begin from no assumptions are inviting us to play a mug ’s game ” ( 1993 : 35 ) .
Dretske ( 1970 , 1981 ) is more conciliatory , offering an explanation that grants certain skeptical claims their power , even correctness , while defending our knowledge nonetheless .
And both Goldman ( 1986 : 39 –41 , 55 –57 ; 1976 : 101 ) and Pollock ( 1986 : 1 –7 ) take it to be a task of epistemology to address skepticism — even if our goal therein is to understand and learn from skepticism rather than to refute it , and even if the topic deserves less attention than it has historically received .
(4) Kornblith sums up the normativity objection as follows : “ Epistemology without normativity … is just Hamlet without the prince of Denmark ” ( 1995 : 250 ) .
As we saw above , it looks as though handing epistemology off to psychology ( replacement NE ) makes epistemology a purely descriptive enterprise ( hence , yields eliminative NE ) .
Certainly , Quine is hardly friendly to epistemology as standardly practiced .
For example , he thinks that , as it ’s usually understood , the notion of knowledge is so beset by imprecision that , for theoretical purposes , we should “ give [ it ] up … as a bad job ” ( 1989 : 109 ; see too Johnsen 2005 : 92–93 ) .
And no doubt “ Epistemology Naturalized ” encourages the standard interpretation of Quine as jettisoning a concern for normative epistemic matters .
Nonetheless , as recent commentators have pointed out ( see , e.g. , Foley 1994 and Johnsen 2005 ; both cite numerous examples of the standard interpretation ) , in his later work , Quine insists that “ [t ] he normative is naturalized , not dropped ” ( 1990 : 229 ) .
He writes :
Naturalization of epistemology does not jettison the normative and settle for the indiscriminate description of ongoing procedures .
For me normative epistemology is a branch of engineering .
It is the technology of truth - seeking , or , in a more cautiously epistemological term , prediction .
Like any technology , it makes free use of whatever scientific findings may suit its purpose .
It draws upon mathematics in computing standard deviation and probable error and in scouting the gambler ’s fallacy .
It draws upon experimental psychology in exposing perceptual illusions , and upon cognitive psychology in scouting wishful thinking .
It draws upon neurology and physics , in a general way , in discounting testimony from occult or parapsychological sources .
There is no question here of ultimate value , as in morals ; it is a matter of efficacy for an ulterior end , truth or prediction .
The normative here , as elsewhere in engineering , becomes descriptive when the terminal parameter is expressed .
( Quine 1986 : 664–665 )
For Quine , then , epistemic normativity is simply a matter of instrumental efficacy towards the relevant end — viz. , truth or prediction .
Thus , normative epistemology “ gets naturalized into a chapter of engineering : the technology of anticipating sensory stimulation ” ( 1992 : 19 ) .
He continues :
The most notable norm of naturalized epistemology actually coincides with that of traditional epistemology .
It is simply the watchword of empiricism : nihil in mente quod non prius in sensu .
This is a prime specimen of naturalized epistemology , for it is a finding of natural science itself , however fallible , that our information about the world comes only through the impact of our sensory receptors .
And still the point is normative , warning us against telepaths and soothsayers .
( Quine 1992 : 19 )
(5) So Quine does have an account of epistemic normativity after all , and thus a response to the normativity objection to ( his version of ) NE .
And yet , one might see that response as inviting once again the charge of self - defeat .
For example , one might wonder why it is truth , or prediction — rather than pleasure , say , or monetary gain — that is the epistemic end .
Is that a result of science , discovered a posteriori ( compare Foley 1994 : 249 ) ?
A friend of TE is likely to see it , rather , as a conceptual truth that is knowable , intuitively , a priori .
Similarly , one can wonder whether natural science per se really does underwrite the putative empiricist “ watchword ” .
Much recent developmental psychology , for instance , seems to suggest that at least some empirical “ knowledge ” ( or empirical “ theories ” or “ assumptions ” ) is native , rather than sensorily acquired ( see Samet and Zaitchik 2014 for an overview ) .
— Not that such a contrary finding , or theoretical disagreement on the matter within the relevant sciences , would itself pose a problem for Quine ’s general approach to NE .
The relevant point , rather , is that the matter and disagreement in question are theoretical , and that it is not immediately clear whether it is something that can be settled without the help of “ old - fashioned ” methods such as armchair reflection , some of it perhaps a priori , on the relevant data and issues .
( The present worry could be developed along other lines — e.g. , that natural science presupposes that truth or prediction is the end , that the senses are what give us information about the world , etc .
This would take us back to worries about circularity .
As we ’ve already seen , there is inter-play between the concerns to which NE gives rise . )
Nonetheless , while he is best - known for taking psychology — and , what ’s more , behavioristic psychology ( “ neural receptors and their stimulation rather than sense of sensibilia ” [ 14 ] ( Quine 1992 : 19 ) ) — to be the successor to TE , Quine has a very broad conception of science .
Science for Quine includes humble , everyday common sense thinking , after all .
Further , while he sometimes speaks of one discipline replacing another , Quine also expresses his idea in terms of the “ rubbing out ” ( 1969b : 90 ) or “ blurring ” ( 1995 : 257 ) of disciplinary boundaries such as that between epistemology and science .
Finally , given his rejection of analyticity , his consequent rejection of the a priori , [ 15 ] and his holism about both meaning and confirmation , it is quite unclear how Quine could maintain any hard and fast distinction between philosophy and science ( Gregory 2006 : 660 ) .
For these reasons , it is unclear whether the entirety of traditional philosophical methods per se would — or could — be excluded from a respectable Quinean epistemology . [ 16 ]
Unfortunately , Quine himself does not provide a clear and direct account of what , notwithstanding the rejection of the a priori , might indeed remain of TE and its method within “ epistemology naturalized ” .
Where we are left , then , is needing a way of understanding how , within the constraints of NE , truth ( or prediction ) comes to be fixed as the epistemic end , such that the normativity objection can be fully met .
More generally , we need some respectable naturalistic version of traditional philosophical methods ( reflecting on cases , consulting our intuitions , and so on ) , or of alternative methods closely approximating them .
For it seems that it is only if we have something playing those methods ’ usual role — constructing and arbitrating between theories , directing our more obviously empirical inquiries , and so on — that the charge of self - defeat can be avoided .
Both of these matters — the ability of NE to account for epistemic normativity , and to accommodate or find a suitable replacement for the traditional philosophical methodology that some see as indispensible to epistemological theorizing — are at the center of current debate both about , and within , NE .
Over the next two sections we consider two prominent means of addressing these matters — those offered by Hilary Kornblith and by Alvin Goldman — and the challenges that each faces .
Unlike Quine , Kornblith retains knowledge as a central epistemological notion .
However , his position departs dramatically from TE in how it understands the nature of epistemological investigation .
Here , in both its proper target and its methods , epistemology is held not to be as TE and its practitioners portray them .
As to the first , recall ( Section 1.3 ) that a , if not the , central task of analytic epistemology following the demise of logical empiricism was “ the analysis of knowledge ” , by which was meant the attempt to provide an analysis , typically in terms of necessary and sufficient conditions , of the concept of knowledge .
( See , for instance , the various papers in the aforementioned Roth and Galis volume . )
Against this , it is suggested that the concept of knowledge is of little if any theoretical interest ; it is no more the proper target of epistemological theory than the concept of aluminum is a worthy target of inquiry for one trying to understand various metals .
Likely , Kornblith says , our concept of knowledge is defective in various ways anyway .
( For example , in spite of its now near - universal rejection among epistemologists , the idea that knowledge required certainty enjoyed the favor of many , and is arguably still attractive among many non-philosophers . )
What epistemologists should seek is “ to provide an account of a certain natural phenomenon , namely , knowledge itself ” ( 1999 : 161 ) .
“ It is the investigation of knowledge as a phenomenon in the world ” , he writes , “ which distinguishes naturalism from other approaches to knowledge ” ( 1995 : 245 ) .
As to method , the epistemologist should proceed as would our imagined metallurgist : we begin by examining apparently clear cases of knowledge , and look to find what they have in common .
Part of what happens here , very likely , is that we will reclassify some of these examples along the way .
What emerges , however , is a picture of the true nature of knowledge .
Specifically , and as is evident in the work of cognitive ethologists in particular — that is , those whose job it is to study intelligent animal behavior — what emerges is an essentially reliabilist picture , in which knowledge consists in
true beliefs that are reliably produced , that are instrumental in the production of behavior successful in meeting biological needs and thereby implicated in the Darwinian explanation of the selective retention of traits .
( Kornblith 2002 : 62 )
Knowledge , on this view , is a natural kind , one that ’s realized in both human and non-human animals .
It has a particular nature , and a particular causal - explanatory role in our general understanding of the life and success of certain types of biological organisms .
In better understanding that place , and through an empirical investigation of
the various mechanisms of belief production and retention , we may determine where we are most in need of guidance , and what steps can be taken , given our capabilities , to overcome our shortcomings .
( Kornblith 1999 : 163 ; on NE and epistemic improvement , see too Kornblith ’s 1994 b )
So , both at the stage of understanding the worldly epistemological target , and in recommending possible improvements to our epistemic strategies , “ a proper naturalistic epistemology is empirical all the way down ” ( Kornblith 1995 : 243 ) .
While epistemology thus has no distinctive method , there is a sense , Kornblith thinks , in which it retains its autonomy :
Questions about knowledge and justification , questions about theory and evidence , are ... legitimate questions , and they are ones in which philosophy has a special stake … .
If the autonomy of a discipline consists in dealing with a distinctive set of questions , or in approaching certain phenomena with a distinctive set of concerns , then philosophy is surely an autonomous discipline .
There is no danger that these questions and concerns will be somehow co-opted by other disciplines .
( Kornblith 2002 : 26 )
While Kornblith thus denies that epistemology is to be replaced by some other discipline (s ) ( replacement NE ) , it is perhaps less clear what becomes of the normativity of epistemology on his view .
Unlike Quine as he is standardly interpreted — but as appears to be Quine ’s view in later writings — Kornblith is “ quite sympathetic with the suggestion that the normative dimension of epistemological inquiry is essential to it ” ( Kornblith 1995 : 250 ) .
And Kornblith , like reliabilists generally , portrays truth ( true belief ) as the epistemic goal — much as Quine , in describing his view of the normative dimension of epistemology ( Section 3 ) , presumes that truth ( or prediction ) is “ the terminal parameter ” .
But how is that fact established , such that a “ thoroughly empirical ” ( 1995 : 250 ) epistemology can , after all , retain the normative dimension of TE ?
One response to this question is that epistemic norms have a “ practical grounding ” ( Kornblith 1993b , 2002 ) .
While it is compatible with the possible intrinsic value of true belief ( Kornblith 2002 : 161 , 373 ) , such an account features its instrumental value .
Importantly , however , the argument is not cast ( just ) in terms of the instrumental value of individual true beliefs ; the central claim , rather , is that everyone “ has pragmatic reasons to favor a cognitive system which is effective in generating truths ” ( 2002 : 156 ) .
This point can perhaps be best illustrated by considering an alternative naturalistic account of the source of epistemic normativity — the “ pragmatist ” account favored by Stephen Stich ( 1990 , 1993 ) .
According to Stich , there is nothing special about truth , and no reason to take it to be the epistemic goal .
In fact , for pragmatists , there are no special cognitive or epistemological values at all — “ [t ] here are just values ” ( 1993 : 9 ) .
Good reasoning is a matter of effectively promoting your goals ( what you value ) , whatever they are .
Stich says that , “ the pragmatist project for assessing reasoning ” proceeds by determining one ’s goals — what one wants to achieve — and then identifying the reasoning strategies that others have successfully employed in achieving those same goals ( ibid : 9 –10 ) .
However , it is hard to see how this is to be done unless one has some reliable cognitive systems or strategies in place .
That is , even if happiness , say , rather than true belief , is what one really values , in order to effectively pursue that goal one will need some way of determining how best to achieve it .
One will need , that is , a ( reasonably ) reliable cognitive system — or , to put it in more traditional terms , one will need some reliable faculties .
Further ,
[ p] recisely because our cognitive systems are required to perform evaluations relative to our many concerns , and to perform these evaluations accurately , the standards by which we evaluate these cognitive systems themselves must remain insulated from most of what we intrinsically value , whatever we may value .
( Kornblith 2002 : 158 )
So , whatever else one cares about , one has an interest in — one should care about — having a cognitive system ( or systems ) that produces true beliefs reliably ; and one has an interest in — a reason to care about — evaluating , not just individual beliefs , but our various systems and methods for producing them , in terms of their reliability .
“ And this ” , as Kornblith says , “ is precisely what epistemic evaluation is all about .
Truth plays a pre-eminent role here ” ( 2002 : 158 ) .
Whether one finds the preceding account of the grounding of epistemic normativity satisfactory will depend largely upon how one conceives of epistemic normativity , even normativity generally , to begin with .
For example , the above argument seems to rely upon the instrumental or means - end norm .
Speaking of his own view , which is in this respect similar to Kornblith ’s , Maffie says :
epistemology is normative only within the framework of instrumental reason and …its normativity is parasitic upon that of the latter .
( 1990b : 333 )
There is debate , however , about the nature and status of instrumental reason , as well as about whether a reliance upon it should be acceptable to a naturalist .
( See , e.g. , Hampton 1992 , Dreier 2001 , Siegel 1990 ; [ 17 ] for general discussion , see Wallace 2014 . )
So too , some philosophers regard epistemic norms as categorical — as binding on any rational agent , regardless of the goals or desires which s/he happens to have ( Kelly 2003 : 616 , 621 ) .
Now , there are no specific goals or desires that one must have in order to be so bound , according to Kornblith : his argument requires only that one have some goals .
Since this condition is fulfilled in all normal humans the hypothetical norm —
“ If you have some desire or goal you wish to satisfy or attain , seek the truth ” — is in effect a categorical one ( it is “ universal ” , as Kornblith puts it ; 2002 : 161 ) .
However , some may find even this still too contingent a ground upon which to base epistemic norms .
( Compare Husserl ’s and Frege ’s concerns about the intrusion of psychology into logic and mathematics ; Section 1.3 . )
Others , on the other hand , may doubt whether TE itself has ever been able to provide any entirely unconditional recommendations ( e.g. , Grandy 1994 : 345 ) .
And Kornblith , like other naturalists , is bound to question whether attempting to understand epistemic normativity while setting aside such obvious and inescapable facts as that we do have goals and desires is likely to yield any useful insight into our actual epistemic situation ( see , e.g. , Kornblith 1995 : 251 , and Wrenn 2006 : 73 , commenting on Goldman 1986 ) . [ 18 ]
As we saw previously , one prevalent form of the self - defeat objection to NE is that it inevitably itself relies upon “ [t ] he a priorism involved in the traditional sort of armchair methodological research ” ( Kaplan 1994 : 359 ) and that it makes use of “ the very sorts of epistemic intuitions which the naturalists are so eager to disparage ” ( ibid. : 360 ; cf. Almeder 1990 : 266–267 ) .
In this way , EN itself requires or presumes the legitimacy of appeals to a priori or “ armchair ” intuition , such appeals being a key element of “ the standard justificatory procedure ” in philosophy ( Bealer 1992 ) .
So the position of the proponent of NE is self - defeating — “ it seeks to justify naturalized epistemology in precisely the way in which , according to it , justification cannot be had ” ( Siegel 1984 : 675 ) .
According to the form of NE currently being considered , a reliance on intuitions , particularly in the early stages of inquiry , may be practically necessary .
However , it may be argued that “ the method of appeals to intuitions is …easily accommodated within a naturalistic framework ” ( Kornblith 2002 : 12 ) .
Thus , were you to describe to me a certain animal you observed in your back yard , I might naturally and correctly judge it to have been a squirrel .
Clearly , this does not involve or require any a priori insight on my part ; it simply reflects some easily gotten knowledge about the relevant local fauna .
In the same way , Kornblith thinks , our seemingly spontaneous judgments about whether this or that actual or hypothetical case constitutes an instance of knowledge is an a posteriori judgment , backed by our already - acquired knowledge of the relevant worldly epistemic phenomenon .
So “ appeals to intuition do not require some non-natural faculty or a priori judgment of any sort … .
The practice of appealing to intuition has no non-natural ingredients ” ( 2002 : 21 ) . [ 19 ]
What of the charge that , in presenting various philosophical arguments , the naturalist is tacitly relying upon various principles of good reasoning , themselves known only a priori ( e.g. , BonJour 1994 ) ?
One obvious response is that this begs the question .
On a reliabilist view , the legitimacy of the relevant principles of reasoning — what makes them good principles — is a function of whether they are , in fact , reliable .
They need n’t be known to be such , much less must they be known to be such a priori ( Kornblith 2002 : 21–23 ; 1995 : 252 ) .
So the objector “ is simply taking for granted certain constraints on good reasoning which the naturalist rejects ” ( 1995 : 253 ) .
Moreover , there is the concern that such constraints , if consistently applied , would rarely if ever be satisfied .
Insofar as they have such skeptical consequences , such constraints cannot be reasonable ( 1995 : 253 ; 2006 : 347–348 ) .
As with his response to the normativity problem , there are questions as to whether Kornblith ’s attempt to diffuse the self - defeat objection is successful .
For example , both BonJour ( 2006 ) and Siegel ( 2006 ) have replied to Kornblith ’s arguments , claiming that the threat of self - defeat is as strong as ever .
For instance , Siegel claims that “ it is unclear how [ Kornblith ’s ] appeal to reliabilism can be justified without either contravening naturalism or presupposing it ” ( 2006 : 246–248 ; cf. Kappel 2010 : 845 ) .
Or , to take another example , Kornblith at one point says in passing that “ knowledge is , surely , more than just true belief ” ( 2002 : 54 ) , and a proponent of TE might wonder what justifies that claim .
Of course , it is not difficult to imagine how Kornblith is apt to respond to such worries — that knowledge involves reliably produced true belief is an empirical discovery , arrived at by studying apparently clear cases of the phenomenon .
There may be some circularity here , but no more than is involved in Siegel ’s or BonJour ’s pointing to some cases and saying , with the presumed backing of rational insight , that they reveal what knowledge ( justification , rationality , etc. ) really is .
Obviously , there is to be no fast and easy resolution of this debate — not least because the nature of status of the a priori , as well as what is required for knowledge , for example , are themselves hotly contested .
( For general discussion of the a priori , see Russell 2014 ; for a representative sampling of current work on the topic , see Casullo and Thurow 2013 .
Ichikawa and Steup 2014 provide an overview of issues surrounding knowledge . )
For our purposes , however , what is especially noteworthy is that some of the very same worries as Siegel and BonJour register about Kornblith ’s attempt to cast epistemology as “ empirical all the way down ” have been voiced by Alvin Goldman , himself an extremely prominent advocate of NE :
Where does the assertion that knowledge is “ more than just true belief ” come from ?
What licenses it ?
Surely it does n’t come from cognitive ethology .
It would have to come , one supposes , from a semantico - conceptual account of the term “ knowledge ” .
But many would say that this is precisely what philosophy , in its analytic phase , aims to provide .
So that job is not taken over by biological science , as Kornblith often suggests that it is .
( 2005 : 407 )
As the passage just quoted suggests , Goldman sees conceptual analysis and appeals to intuition as playing an ineliminable role within epistemological practice . [ 20 ]
While , as noted above , within TE such an analysis has standardly taken the form of a search for necessary and sufficient conditions , Goldman is dubious of that specific approach ( e.g. , 1986 : 38–39 , 2015 , 2007 : 23 and papers there cited ) .
Nonetheless , he insists that “ armchair ” conceptual investigation must be the starting point of epistemological theorizing .
For this reason he is dubious that a satisfactory epistemology can be entirely concerned with “ extra- mental phenomena ” .
In his most recent writing on the subject , Goldman frames the problem ( as he sees it ) for Kornblith ’s view as follows :
… for a given analysandum , there will often be multiple candidates for being the relevant extra-mental phenomenon .
If we set out to study knowledge empirically , as Kornblith instructs us , we will have an excess of candidate extra-mental phenomena .
Starting with Kornblith ’s preferred candidate , there is the set of states that consist in a creature believing a true proposition as a result of using a reliable process .
Second , there is the set of states that consist in a creature believing something true ( period ) .
Third , there is the set of states consisting in a creature believing a proposition justifiedly ( without its being true ) .
Finally , there is a host of additional candidates , each corresponding to a different theory that was floated in response to the Gettier problem .
Which of these many candidate extra-mental phenomena should philosophers of knowledge seek to investigate empirically ?
And how should they choose the one that is really knowledge ?
What emerges here is that the epistemologist would need some prior method for choosing the right extra-mental phenomenon .
And it seems inevitable that the method for making this choice will have to be something like the traditional one of consulting speakers ’ judgments about which states qualify — “ intuitively ” — as states of knowing .
In short , a prior method is needed to pick out which set of extra-mental events in the world should be the target of a Kornblithian empirical investigation .
Without such a prior method , the epistemologist would be like a blind man sent on a mission without a guide , or guide dog , to help him .
Without a guide , how can one select the relevant extra-mental phenomenon ?
But Kornblith seems intent on denying the epistemologist any such guide .
( Goldman 2015 ) [ 21 ]
Given that it is anchored in precisely the sort of intuitional methodology and conceptual investigation that is characteristic of TE , Goldman ’s approach does not of course face any immediate threat of ( apparent ) self - defeat .
In what respect , though , is the view naturalistic ?
In one place , Goldman characterizes his preferred form of naturalism — he calls it “ moderate naturalism ” — as the combination of two theses .
[ 22 ]
The first thesis states his commitment , which we encountered above ( Section 3.2 ) , to a psycho-etiological approach to understanding justification ( warrant , etc. ) .
The second embodies his own view as to how , or how far , the methodology of TE needs to be altered and its autonomy modulated ( see the discussion of methodological NE in Section 1.2 above ) :
Moderate Naturalism ( A ) All epistemic warrant or justification is a function of the psychological ( perhaps computational ) processes that produce or preserve belief .
( B ) The epistemological enterprise needs appropriate help from science , especially the science of the mind .
( Goldman 1999a : 26 )
What sort of help from science might philosophy need ?
In Epistemology and Cognition ( 1986 ) Goldman presents a “ two - stage ” model of epistemological inquiry : the first involves traditional armchair , conceptual analysis to determine the key contours of the relevant concepts ( according to Goldman , it reveals the centrality of considerations of reliability thereto ) ; thereafter it is ( or should be ) epistemology ’s task to determine “ which cognitive processes are available and reliable ” ; and it is here , at this second stage , that “ collaboration with the empirical science of psychology , or cognitive science ” is needed ( 2005 : 408 ) .
Note : ( A ) here states that justification is a function of the psychological processes that produce or preserve belief .
It represents a commitment to a certain form or degree of psychologism ( Section 1.3 ) .
It does not state that all such justification is a posteriori : Goldman rejects the sort of strongly empiricist brand of NE that Kornblith and Quine embrace , [ 23 ] and he takes pains to argue that his own reliabilist way of underwriting ( A ) is perfectly compatible with the existence of a priori justification ( see his 1999a ) .
( Kitcher too has suggested “ that the concept of a priori knowledge can be embedded in a naturalistic epistemology ” ; 1980 : 4 . ) And in his Epistemology and Cognition ( 1986 ) , for example , Goldman appears to regard the conceptual analysis and consulting of intuitions that he sees as essential to epistemology as itself a priori ( see 1989 : 143 ) .
In more recent work ( Goldman 1999a , 2005 , 2007 ; Goldman & Pust 1998 ) , however , Goldman has suggested that the conceptual work characteristic of epistemological theorizing is a form of a posteriori , empirical investigation .
For example , conceptual analysis typically involves the eliciting ( or “ testing ” ) of intuitions — a sample case is presented , and the epistemologist asks himself ( or others ) whether s/he thinks that the subject therein possesses knowledge .
Rather than seeing this as individuals ’ employing some special faculty geared towards answering non-empirical questions , it can be seen as the employment of an essentially experimental , “ proto - scientific method ” ( 2005 : 408 ) , geared towards the discovery of facts about the “ experimenter ’s ” , or others ’ , epistemic concepts .
On this view , even the consultation of one ’s own intuitions is thoroughly empirical :
Classificational intuitions should not be assimilated to mathematical or logical intuitions .
They are somewhat more like introspections or readouts of one ’s own internal states , in this instance , the classificational implications of one ’s own concepts .
Although they are not perceptual , they share some features with observations …. even intuition - based evidence of the first - person kind is not a priori evidence .
Moreover , optimal use of one ’s intuitions to arrive at theories of the contents of concepts , or the meanings of predicates , should take account of semantical and psychological theory , both empirical rather than a priori disciplines .
( Goldman 2005 : 409 )
In thus ( re ) casting conceptual analysis and the consulting of intuitions as an empirical endeavor , Goldman is moving away from Bealer ( 1992 ) and BonJour ( 1994 ) , for example , who take it as obvious that the conceptual orientation characteristic of traditional epistemological practice marks it as a priori .
Just as importantly , Goldman is here moving closer to Kornblith .
According to Goldman , while a reliance on intuitions , especially in connection with the project of analysis , constitutes an obvious difference between philosophical methodology and the methodology of empirical science , that methodology is still empirical .
In this respect , philosophical methodology is not distinctive after all .
It can appear to be such only because philosophical investigation , at least in its initial stage , has as its target the empirical examination of our concepts .
It is his insistence upon the latter — that the target of armchair empirical investigations are concepts , rather than any extra-mental epistemic phenomena themselves — that remains the crucial point on which Goldman and Kornblith disagree . [ 24 ]
Given that his moderate naturalism has him ( agreeing and ) disagreeing with certain elements of both TE and more “ radical ” naturalisms , it is not surprising that Goldman ’s position has come in for criticism from both sides .
Thus , for example , Feldman ( 1999 , 2012 ) and BonJour ( 1994 ) voice doubts about whether more modest forms of NE are both interesting and correct — whether , that is , plausible instances of the relevance of ( e.g. ) psychology to epistemology are n’t already accommodated by TE , and whether any genuinely newsworthy bearing of ( e.g. ) psychology on epistemology really is likely .
( Goldman offers a direct response to BonJour at 1999 : 26 –27 ; and many of Kornblith ’s arguments on behalf of naturalism — e.g. , his 1995 and 2001 — can be read as a response to such objections . )
Once again , however , perhaps more interesting for our purposes is the internecine objection : according to Kornblith , the importance Goldman places upon conceptual analysis stands in the way of his offering a plausible account of epistemic normativity .
In his review of Kornblith ’s 2002 book , Goldman writes that “ [ o ] n the question of the basis of epistemic norms , he [ Kornblith ] has a very insightful and probing discussion ” ( 2005 : 409 ) — see the brief discussion thereof in Section 4.2 above .
And , of course , Goldman is hardly averse to seeing true belief as having the sort of instrumental value that Kornblith ’s account of epistemic normativity features .
However , as Kornblith writes , “ in Epistemology and Cognition , empirical concerns play no role at all in explaining the source of epistemic normativity ” ( 2002 : 140 –141 ) .
On that account , rather , it is at the foundational conceptual stage of epistemology that normativity gets a foothold : our epistemic assessments are evaluative ( Goldman 1986 : 20 ) , and give pride of place to reliability considerations , owing to the contents of the concepts which are deployed therein .
In short , Kornblith says , on Goldman ’s ( 1986 ) account “ [ n] ormative force seems to derive from semantic considerations alone ” ( Kornblith 2002 : 142 ) .
According to Kornblith , however , such a semantic grounding for epistemic normativity is unsatisfactory .
In effect , it simply pushes the problem back : why should we care about the concepts — hence , the epistemic standards — that we actually have ( 2002 : 142–145 ) ?
As Kornblith acknowledges , he is not the first to raise such concerns about the normative standings of results obtaining via the conceptual analysis that is characteristic of TE .
Stich ( 1990 : 92–93 ) , for example , has raised them previously .
As Stich ’s discussion makes clear , what would make the envisaged problem pressing is if there were , in fact , genuine diversity in our cognitive processes , epistemic standards , and / or our intuitions about cases .
After all , so long as our actual epistemic concepts and evaluations are broadly reliabilist — so long as
[ e] xamining folk epistemic concepts … reveal [s ] how truth ( true belief ) is a primary basis for epistemic evaluation and epistemic achievement ( Goldman 2007 : 22 )
— there is at the very least an important consilience between the results yielded by our conceptual investigation and the account of epistemic normativity that Kornblith favors .
Hence the significance of certain results claimed to have been obtained within “ experimental philosophy ” ( x - phi ) , itself a recent movement within naturalistic philosophy . [ 25 ]
For , according to some theorists , there is in fact widespread diversity in epistemic intuitions — both within individuals ( Swain , Alexander , and Weinberg 2008 ) and between groups , even ( as Jennifer Nagel puts it ) “ along such epistemically scary fault lines ” ( Nagel 2012 : 495 ) as ethnicity ( Weinberg , Nichols , and Stich 2001 ) and gender ( Buckwalter and Stich 2011 ) .
According to those working within x - phi’s “ negative ” program , [ 26 ] ( putative ) results such as this reveal that there is something deeply flawed about the method of using intuitions to inform one ’s philosophical theory .
This is the lesson that Bishop and Trout take away from such reported results as well .
As they see it , while practitioners of “ Standard Analytic Epistemology ” ( SAE ) typically regard NE as unable to accommodate epistemic normativity , it is in fact they who are engaged in a purely descriptive project — namely , the project of giving information
about the reflective epistemic judgments of a group of idiosyncratic , non-representative people who have been trained to use highly specialized epistemic concepts and patterns of thought .
( Bishop and Trout 2005a : 704 )
If we want a genuinely normative epistemology , Bishop and Trout suggest ( 2005a , b ) , we should abandon SAE altogether and look directly to the empirical findings of “ ameliorative psychology ” , which promises to give us insight into how we can reason better . [ 27 ]
The feasibility of this project has been challenged , and on much the same grounds as Goldman ( e.g. ) objects to Kornblith ’s view — namely , because of the apparent indispensability to even an empirically - minded epistemology of a reliance upon intuitions , for instance concerning what the relevant standard of epistemic goodness is ( e.g. , Stich 2006 ) .
And yet , if the studies mentioned above are correct , it ’s not clear what kind of authority we should grant such intuitions – or , more generally , the results of armchair philosophical methods such as are found within both TE and Goldman ’s brand of “ moderate naturalism ” .
However , those studies have been challenged .
For instance , Sosa 2005 , Goldman 2010 , and Williamson 2013 raise concerns about the interpretation and significance of the reported data ( and , to some extent , about the merits of x - phi itself ) .
Just as importantly , others working within an experimental framework have raised questions about those data themselves .
Thus , while Weinberg , Nichols , and Stich ( 2001 ) , for example , claimed to find significant cross-cultural variation in people ’s epistemic intuitions , several recent studies ( Nagel et al. 2013 , Seyedsayamdost 2015 , Kim and Yuan 2015 ) have failed to replicate those results .
( See too Nagel 2012 , 2013 ; Nagel and Boyd 2014 . )
In fact , in his most recent work on the subject , Stich – along with his coauthors ( see Machery et al. 2015 ) – has argued for the cross-cultural robustness of certain epistemic intuitions , suggesting that these “ may be a reflection of an underlying innate and universal core folk epistemology . ”
Like NE itself , x- phi raises pressing issues about philosophical methodology and remains the focus of lively debate .
The most recent findings just mentioned , however , illustrate how x - phi per se is not at odds with the more traditional concerns and methods that Goldman ’s moderate naturalism , for example , incorporates : an epistemological theory ’s being informed by conceptual investigation , or by intuitive judgments , does not automatically fate it to being parochial and therefore of only limited interest .
The discussion of the past few sections has focused on the views and arguments of select figures within NE .
The rationale for this focus has been twofold : first , because the positions and figures in question have been at the forefront of recent discussions of NE ; and second , because the general epistemological affinity between Kornblith and Goldman in particular ( i.e. , their common adherence to reliabilism ) has allowed us to isolate and appreciate both the central challenges to NE and some of the major points of difference among its advocates .
Once again , however , the selective focus above should not obscure the fact that many other naturalistic epistemological theories have been offered ( Section 1.2 ) .
Thus , for example , in addition to reliabilist ( Goldman , Kornblith ) , pragmatic ( Stich ) , and information - theoretic ( Dretske ) views , teleo - functional thinking has been used in proffered accounts of both knowledge ( Millikan 1984 ) and epistemic entitlement ( Graham 2012 ) .
Pollock ( 1986 , 1987 ) , and Pollock and Cruz ( 1999 ) , seek to understand epistemic justification in terms of conformity to procedural norms of belief - formation , the correctness of which is ensured by the contents of the relevant concepts .
And others — “ nonfactualists ” such as Field ( 1998 ) , and “ expressivists ” such as Chrisman ( 2007 ) — regard the use of epistemic terms , and the explicit endorsement of specific epistemic norms and evaluations , as essentially a matter of expressing one ’s attitudes , pro and con .
These and other specific views represent other ongoing attempts to understand various epistemic concepts and / or phenomena in a naturalistic manner .
While each faces distinct challenges , qua naturalistic views , the most pressing issues facing them are those discussed above .
In addition to such positions with regard to specific epistemic matters , there are other regions of epistemology in which NE figures prominently .
This final section briefly describes three further such areas — social epistemology , feminist epistemology , and the debate over ( epistemic ) rationality .
As we have seen , NE is motivated by a variety of concerns about the methods and ideals of TE — for instance , a reliance upon the a priori , an apsychological , “ current time slice ” ( Goldman 2011 ) approach to understanding knowledge or justification , a tendency to overlook or idealize the resources and abilities that actual epistemic subjects possess , and so on .
Another aspect of TE that has recently come under much scrutiny is its tendency to treat subjects in rather individualistic terms — i.e. , as divorced from their social environment .
This too is seen as a serious distortion , given that people ’s lives , epistemic and otherwise , are importantly shaped by social forces .
( Indeed , according to some , even this way of putting it is misleading , since it paints individuals as explanatorily prior to the social in epistemic matters . )
Worth noting here is that even paradigm instances of NE might be charged with being unduly focused on the individual — e.g. , with looking to individual psychology as being especially relevant to epistemology , at the expense of areas of empirical study with a more social orientation ( cf. Grandy 1994 : 346–348 ) .
Social epistemology ( SE ) is a large and diverse area of research aimed at countering the individualism of TE by studying epistemic phenomena from a properly social perspective .
( Sample overviews of SE are Schmitt 1994 and Goldman and Blanchard 2015 .
Goldman and Whitcomb 2011 is an up - to - date collection of papers on SE ; and Lackey 2014 is a volume of new papers on collective epistemology specifically . )
Just as with NE , different specific theories and theorists within SE maintain closer or more distant relations to TE .
Some social epistemologists maintain a view of the individual as the primary locus of epistemic achievement , for example , while others treat entities other than individuals , such as groups or corporations , as having epistemic properties .
Some theorists evaluate various social processes and institutions in terms of some more general , non-social feature ( e.g. , reliability ) , while others think that the relevant good - making features are not so reducible .
Some retain truth as the primary epistemic goal ; others propose some non-traditional goal .
And so on .
Across these various approaches , however , many practitioners within SE are motivated by concerns similar to those that animate NE , and many of the forms and themes within NE ( Section 1.2 ) appear here as well .
( In terms of the theoretical choice points mentioned just above , Goldman 1999 b , for example — as he does with respect to NE per se—tends to occupy the more “ conservative ” positions ; the SE of Martin Kusch 2002 , for instance , rejects many of the core assumptions of TE ; and Helen Longino ’s 2002 views are , arguably , intermediate between the two . )
As the reference to Longino in the previous ( sub ) section suggests , there is a continuity between the issues and concerns addressed within SE and those addressed within feminist epistemology ( FE ) .
( For overviews of the latter , see Anderson 2012 ; Grasswick 2013 , esp. Section 1 ; and Janack n.d. in Other Internet Resources ) .
Like SE ( and NE ) , of course , FE is a broad category , within which many diverse projects and positions are assayed .
As Longino puts it ,
There is no single feminist epistemology .
Instead there are a plethora of ideas , approaches , and arguments that have in common only their authors ’ commitment to exposing and reversing the derogation of women and the gender bias of traditional formulations .
( 1999 : 331 )
Nonetheless , like SE and NE , historically FE has been motivated by concerns about the ideals and assumptions built into TE — albeit , of course , from a distinctly feminist perspective .
Thus , for example , traditional notions of reason and objectivity have been subjected to critical scrutiny , on the grounds that they embody ( usually tacitly ) certain characteristically masculine ideals , such as a separation from other people , from the object of knowledge , and from one ’s own body and the socio-cultural milieu .
( Not surprisingly , here , once again , Cartesian assumptions and aspirations come in for special critical attention . )
Against this general background , many theorists adopt a more or less naturalistic approach to the subject matter — focusing on particular features of the actual epistemic situation and drawing from a diverse range of areas of empirical study ( psychology , gender studies , sociological and historical studies , and others ) .
Among such NE - minded philosophers , however , different theorists once again stake out different positions .
Thus , for example , a number of feminist epistemologists ( e.g. , Antony 1993 , Campbell 1998 , Nelson 1990 ) draw upon Quine ’s work .
Just as in NE , however , others ( e.g. , Clough 2004 , Code 1996 ) argue that a different sort of naturalistic approach is to be preferred — sometimes , on grounds familiar from those discussed earlier ; sometimes , because of specifically feminist concerns .
So too , just as in both NE and SE , there is disagreement about how much of the original framework of TE — which of its concepts , concerns , and assumptions — should be retained , and how certain of its elements might need to be recast so as to render them acceptable .
In addition to being of central interest within TE , rationality is central to our self - conception : Aristotle held that we are “ rational animals ” , a presumption built into the very name of our species ( “ homo sapiens ” ) ; and the thought that humans are rational , perhaps distinctively so , appears to be part of the popular fabric of thought about ourselves .
There is long - standing disagreement among epistemologists as to the nature of epistemic rationality ( “ rationality ” ) — which , on one understanding , is distinguished from other forms of rationality by being concerned with the effective pursuit of the distinctively cognitive - epistemic end of true belief .
There has also recently arisen heated debate — often termed “ the Rationality Wars ” — among psychologists and philosophers of psychology concerning what we should say in the face of empirical findings about humans ’ apparently disappointing performance on certain “ reasoning tasks ” .
According to some , those results force us to confront the possibility that humans may in fact be quite irrational .
According to others , such results , together with a psychologically realistic view of how human reasoning actually proceeds , point up the need to revise standard views of what rationality involves .
( Much of the resulting debate recapitulates , in broad terms , the debate within TE as to the nature of justified , or rational , belief . [ 28 ] )
For example , well - known experimental findings — e.g. , those of Tversky and Kahneman ( 1982 ) concerning probabilistic reasoning , and those of Wason ( 1968 ) concerning deductive reasoning — cannot be taken to illustrate failures in rationality unless we assume what Stein ( 1996 ) calls “ the Standard Picture ” ( SP ) :
According to this picture , to be rational is to reason in accordance with principles of reasoning that are based on rules of logic , probability theory and so forth .
If the standard picture of reasoning [ rationality ] is right , principles of reasoning that are based on such rules are normative principles of reasoning , namely they are the principles we ought to reason in accordance with .
( Stein 1996 : 4 )
According to some , rather than suggesting that humans are irrational , the relevant findings ( among many other considerations ) give us good occasion to ask whether it is reasonable to see “ the Standard Picture ” as providing the relevant normative standard .
Discussion of the ensuing debate would take us too far afield here ( but see note 27 ) .
For present purposes , it suffices to note that it shares many features with the debate within and about NE .
Empirical results and considerations of psychological feasibility play a large role within the rationality debate , and many of the facts and factors appealed to by friends of NE in their critique of TE ( see Sections 1.2 and 3.2 above , e.g. ) reappear here either as criticisms of SP , or as proffered constraints upon an adequate conception of rationality .
Finally , as with debates within and about NE generally , discussions of rationality involve appeals to both normative and psychological considerations , with many of the most contested issues having to do with how best to balance their sometimes - competing claims .
Way back at the beginning of the current Elizabethan era it used to be fun , after dinner , to float cream on top of coffee .
I still do it when the cream is of the right sort , and it gives the coffee a different taste .
Putting the cream over the coffee is a bit of a challenge , you start by using the back of a spoon , and when you get better pour it down the side of the cup .
I was trying to think of a way of explaining it , and offer the following , in the hope that not too many of those who know reality will be offended at the simplification .
The oil business is one of great complexity and there are some challenges even in trying to explain some of the basic reasons why , when price goes up , producers can't just turn a tap and pull more oil out of the underground reservoir .
I am going to insert a topic here before going on to Carbonates , as I had mentioned doing in the last post , because it will help to explain a developing problem that comes when extracting oil from rocks such as chalk .
And , because I used this example in my original post , let me again start by creating an analogy .
So now we have quarter of an inch of cream floating , unmixed , on top of the coffee .
This can be very simply considered to be the oil floating on an underground pool of water in the porous rock underground .
Now take a straw , put it into the cream and try and remove it without sucking up any coffee .
If you suck gently you might be able to get a lot of the cream up , especially if you bend the straw to run across the top of the cup .
But if you suck too hard then you not only pull the coffee into the straw and can't get any more cream from that particular place , but you also mix up the cream around that point into the coffee , and you lose the chance to recover that cream later .
Separating the cream from the much larger amount of coffee beneath it is not really an option ( though as you will see it is needed with oil and water ) .
Oil is somewhat the same , in that , if you try pulling it out of the ground too fast , you can cause changes in the flow pattern that drop the total amount you can get out from any one well , and the immediately surrounding rock , pretty severely .
I will return to this topic of fluid control in a later post ( and yes I know , there is an alcoholic version of this example , but it would be ( grin ) socially highly irresponsible to encourage folk to try doing this with different layers of liquor - especially since I can't remember which colors you have to use and which liquor you have to float on which to get them to stay separate .
Research may be needed . )
So , if we ca n’t just change the differential pressure between the well and the surrounding rock to get more of the oil out , then how can we do it ?
Given the volumes of space that the oil occupies , and the distances and rock it must pass through to get to the well , it would be easier if the oil continued to flow out of the well by itself .
But if the natural driving forces that I mentioned last time ( the pressure difference and the gas and water pressures ) have all played their part then the next step is often to pump another fluid back into the ground to fill the space left by the oil and thus to recreate , or better to keep up the pressure in the oil , so that there is still a differential pressure that is pushing the oil out .
So let ’s go back to the section of the rock that contains the oil , and which I have used before :
Simplified sketch of an oil bearing layer in the ground .
There are two ways to inject fluid to keep up the oil pressure .
One is to pump in a gas , under pressure , into the rock just over where the oil is , and this will move the oil to the well .
If you have that sort of imagination it is similar in effect to going from the small toy water pistol that I could just about hit my baby brother with when he was really close , and still a child , to now having one of those more modern Super Soaker water guns that pump air under pressure behind the water .
Now you put out more water faster , and can hit that obnoxious kid over on the next block .
However when this is tried in an oil well , while the gas works , you have to get it from somewhere , and it also turns out not to work as well as pumping in water below the oil .
And so pumping water into the ground is often used , after the initial pressure has dropped , to keep some pressure in the well and help with what is known as secondary recovery ( the initial flow being called primary ) .
In developing the large Saudi oil fields Aramco decided to speed the process up by combining the water flood with the initial extraction since , in this way they could keep a higher pressure in the rock , and the oil would thus flow out faster ( the Super Soaker approach ) .
The idea , as I recall , originated in what was then the Soviet Union , water injection being used at Samotlor , for example , in the 1970 ’s , for which I will quote from John Grace ’s “ Russian Oil Supply ” , later .
It I possible , though it depends on individual project economics to also include a surfactant with the water ( think detergent ) so that the oil can be more efficiently driven ahead of what is known as a water flood .
When the technology was first developed pre-existing wells were used to pump water into the ground in a relatively localized operation so that , for example in the illustration above , I might use four wells surrounding well A to inject water so that locally I could raise the pressure , so that A would continue to produce .
However , with larger fields this tends to be less efficient , and so what is now more common in larger fields , is to start at the edge of the field , say at B , and inject water along the edge of the field .
This not only increases the pressure in the overlying oil , but also , as the water level rises , it helps “ sweep ” the oil from the edge of the field up towards the center .
Thus , over time , the oil would pass the well at A , and a new well would be drilled closer to the crest of the field , while A would then become a water injection well .
Now there are two problems ( this being a simple explanation ) with this way of increasing production .
The first is shown with a simple mathematical calculation .
Let us say the original well at A was drilled through 100 ft on oil bearing rock .
At a given differential pressure the well produced some 100 barrels a day .
Now we inject water under the oil , and this replaces the oil as it is removed .
So , after a while the bottom of the oil layer in the well has risen by , say 25 ft .
With the layer under that now being water .
If we maintain the same differential pressure across the well , we will see a 25 % drop in production , because we are now only drawing oil from the 75 ft of rock that still has oil in it .
We will also see additional water coming out of the well with the oil .
Initially this might not be much of a problem – but over time this “ water cut ” can become very significant .
Here is that quote from John Grace :
Water cut also played a major role ( in the collapse of Samotlor production ) .
The water injected into the ground with such fervor in the seventies had to be pumped back to the surface in the eighties .
Water climbed from 24 % of the fluid lifted by Samotlor ’s wells in 1980 , to 68 % by 1985 – an extraordinarily quick rise .
The field was drowning in water , all of which required pumping , and processing to recover any oil .
The current water cut at Samotlor is around 90 % .
Saudi Aramco , as I mentioned , also extensively uses water flood to assist production .
Some of the most productive regions have been the Ain Dar / Shedgum portions , which are to the north end of the main field .
These are the regions that have been producing at around 30 % water cut , and are some of the oldest of the producing regions of the Kingdom , with a current water injection rate of 2 mbd
It is thus interesting to see look at the new water pumping stations that are being installed .
The new construction for the Qurayyah Seawater Treatment Plant to be used to supply seawater for the Khurais expansion that has been put in and will provide the fields with 4.5 million barrels of water , to help in pressure maintenance and production .
The overall water capacity of the plant has , however , grown to 14 mbd .
Of this flow some 2.5 million will now go to the Ain Dar / Shedgum fields .
( Note I will try and remember to update a sort of “ worked example ” of all this with Abqaiq that I have previously posted next time ) to help make this perhaps a little more real .
Post written by Leo Babauta .
Follow me on Twitter .
The word “ drama ” has taken on an interesting meaning in recent years , beyond the performance form of fiction it ’s traditionally signified : “ making a big deal over something unnecessarily ” .
It ’s about making a big production of something , when you could simply get on with things .
Interestingly , the word “ drama ” comes from the Greek word for “ action ” , which in itself derives from a word that means “ to do ” .
And doing turns out to be the answer for unnecessary “ drama ” ( which , by the way , you would be wise to save for your mama or other such parental figure , according to popular television ) .
What ’s the problem with drama ?
For one , as the urban definition implies , it ’s unnecessary .
There ’s no need for histrionics when you can talk about and deal with things calmly .
There ’s no need to get overly emotional when you can breathe , release the tensions , and focus on being happy , now , in the moment .
It complicates things , makes a big deal of little things , and ignores the little things that should be a big deal : little things like simple pleasures , and gratitude , and the simple wonderful existence of life .
Drama makes life harder .
If you lose your job , you can go into a depression ( perhaps understandably ) and lose your home and have a hard time finding a job again — often because of the depression .
But if instead you stay calm , perhaps take the view that this is a fresh start and a way to pursue the dream you ’ve never had the time to pursue , look at it as a way to learn new skills and reinvent yourself … things wo n’t be so hard .
If you have gotten fat , instead of making a big deal about it , go outside for a walk , and make it a simple daily habit ( perhaps gradually turning it into a jog ) .
And then just start eating fresher foods — fruits and veggies and beans and nuts — rather than unhealthy foods .
Start cooking for yourself instead of eating fast food .
The drama will only serve to get you depressed and fatter .
Simply getting on with it will solve the problem , rather easily if you do n’t make a big deal of it .
How to Stop the Drama
So when you feel yourself getting worked up about something — a coworker not pulling his weight , a spouse who is n’t living up to your expectations , a daughter who is n’t doing as well at school as you ’d like — stop the drama .
Breathe .
Let it go .
Breathe in , taking in the peace of the world .
Breathe out , and let the tensions and frustrations flow out of you .
Repeat until the drama is gone .
And then simply be , in the moment , right now .
When we get worked up about something , it ’s usually about something that has already happened ( in the past ) or something that might happen , that ’s coming up ( in the future ) .
Forget about all that right now ( you can reflect on it later , when you ’re calmer and dispassionate ) .
Right now , focus on what you ’re doing .
This might be sitting in front of a computer , reading .
Or walking .
Or drinking a glass of water .
Washing dishes .
Driving .
That ’s what you ’re doing , in the moment .
That ’s all you should think about .
As you feel your mind returning to the past or the future , return it gently to what you ’re doing right now .
It takes practice .
Simply get on with it .
Do what you need to do to calmly address the situation .
Deal with it , in as simple a manner as possible .
Forget all the complications — just do .
Overwhelmed with too much to do ?
Breathe , focus on what you are doing right now , and just focus on getting that done .
Tired of your horrible job ?
Breathe , focus on now , and do what needs to be done to deal with it .
Annoyed by someone ?
Let it go .
Focus on what you ’re doing , right now .
And just get on with it .
If you start getting worked up again , start back at the first step .
Also , your mother probably does n’t need your drama either , just fyi .
—
Elsewhere :
This is Dr. Leonard Kleinrock pinching the nipples of the Interface Message Processor , a ruggerized Honeywell DDP - 516 Minicomputer .
This box is responsible for what you are reading now , which either makes her my mom or the internet 's mom or both .
Advertisement
The Interface Message Processor was The Original Router .
Two of these machines connected in October 29 1969 : One was at the laboratory of Dr. Kleinrock — who established the mathematical theory of packet networks , which made the internet possible — at the University of California - Los Angeles .
The other was in the laboratory of Douglas Engelbart at the Stanford Research Institute .
Engelbart , who later became famous as the creator of the mouse , was working on online collaboration and human interfaces for Darpa during that time .
Advertisement
That day , the first internet backbone — then known as ARPANET — was born with the exchange of the first data packets .
Before , only a few meaningless bits were exchanged .
Two months later , a four - node backbone was completed .
Today , forty years later , there are 1,668,870,408 users .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Oh , and right now , 5 % of the packets are getting lost in North America .
[ Wikipedia via Daily Mail ]
An anonymous user posted usernames and passwords for over 10,000 Windows Live Hotmail accounts to web site PasteBin .
PasteBin is currently down for maintenance but I managed to get a copy of the list and quickly generated some statistics from these passwords .
First , my impression is that these passwords have been gathered using phishing kits .
Even more , I think it was a badly designed phishing kit , one that did n’t further authenticated the users to the Hotmail / Live website .
I think it just returned an error message after grabbing the credentials .
I ’m saying that because some of the passwords are repeated once or twice ( sometimes with different capitalization ) .
The users did n’t understand what happened and entered the same password again and again trying to login .
Bellow are the statistics :
The list initially contained 10028 entries .
After I ’ve cleaned up the list , removing entries without a password , I ’ve remained with 9843 entries ( passwords ) .
There are 8931 ( 90 % ) unique passwords in the list .
An anonymous user posted usernames and passwords of over 10,000 Windows Live Hotmail accounts to a web site called PasteBin .
PasteBin is currently down for maintenance but I managed to get a copy of the list , and quickly generated some statistics from these passwords .
My impression is that these passwords have been gathered using phishing kits .
Even more , the phishing kit used most probably was badly designed , since it was one that did n’t further authenticated the users to the Hotmail / Live website .
I think it just returned an error message after grabbing the credentials .
I noticed this because some of the passwords are repeated once or twice ( sometimes with different capitalization ) .
What most probably happened , is that the users did n’t understand what was happening , and they tried to enter the same password again and again , thinking the password was wrong .
Below are the statistics :
The list initially contained 10,028 entries .
After I ’ve cleaned up the list , like removing entries without a password , I had 9843 valid entries ( passwords ) .
There are 8931 ( 90 % ) unique passwords in the list .
The longest password was 30 chars long : lafaroleratropezoooooooooooooo .
.
The shortest password was 1 char long : )
Top 20 most common passwords :
123456 – 64 123456789 – 18 alejandra – 11 111111 – 10 alberto – 9 tequiero – 9 alejandro – 9 12345678 – 9 1234567 – 8 estrella – 7 iloveyou – 7 daniel – 7 000000 – 7 roberto – 7 654321 – 6 bonita – 6 sebastian – 6 beatriz – 6 mariposa – 5 america – 5
Based on these passwords I think the phishing kit was targeted towards the Latino community .
Password length distribution :
1 chars – 2 – 0 %
2 chars – 4 – 0 %
3 chars – 4 – 0 %
4 chars – 31 – 0 %
5 chars – 49 – 1 %
6 chars – 1946 – 22 %
7 chars – 1254 – 14 %
8 chars – 1838 – 21 %
9 chars – 1091 – 12 %
10 chars – 772 – 9 %
11 chars – 527 – 6 %
12 chars – 431 – 5 %
13 chars – 290 – 3 %
14 chars – 219 – 2 %
15 chars – 157 – 2 %
16 chars – 190 – 2 %
17 chars – 56 – 1 %
18 chars – 17 – 0 %
19 chars – 7 – 0 %
20 chars – 14 – 0 %
21 chars – 10 – 0 %
22 chars – 8 – 0 %
23 chars – 3 – 0 %
24 chars – 3 – 0 %
25 chars – 3 – 0 %
26 chars – 0 – 0 %
27 chars – 3 – 0 %
28 chars – 0 – 0 %
29 chars – 1 – 0 %
30 chars – 1 – 0 %
As you can see from the list above , most of the passwords are between 6 and 9 characters long .
Average password length is 8 characters .
What kind of passwords were in the list ? :
3,713 = 42 % ; lower alpha passwords : passwords containing only characters from ‘ a ’ to ‘z ’ .
Example : iloveyou
lower alpha passwords : passwords containing only characters from ‘ a ’ to ‘z ’.
Example : iloveyou 291 = 3 % ; mixed case alpha passwords : passwords containing characters from ‘ a ’ to ‘ z ’ and from ‘ A ’ to ‘ Z ’ .
Example : ILoveYou
mixed case alpha passwords : passwords containing characters from ‘ a ’ to ‘ z ’ and from ‘ A ’ to ‘ Z ’.
Example : ILove You 1707 = 19 % ; numeric passwords : passwords containing only numbers ( ‘ 0 ’ to ‘ 9 ’ )
Example : 123456
numeric passwords : passwords containing only numbers ( ‘ 0 ’ to ‘ 9 ’ )
Example : 123456 2655 = 30 % ; mixed alpha and numeric passwords : passwords containing characters from ‘ a ’ - ‘z’ , ‘ A ’ - ‘ Z ’ and ‘ 0 ’ - ‘ 9 ’ .
Example : Iloveyou12
mixed alpha and numeric passwords : passwords containing characters from ‘ a ’ - ‘z’ , ‘ A ’ - ‘ Z ’ and ‘ 0 ’ - ‘ 9 ’ .
Example : Iloveyou12 565 = 6 % ; mixed alpha + numeric + other characters .
Example : 1Love You$%@
As we can see and conclude from the list above , a big majority of users still use very poor passwords : 42 % ( lower alpha only ) and 19 % ( numeric only ) , while only 6 % from all the passwords had passwords which use a selection of alpha numeric and other characters .
Get the latest content on web security
in your inbox each week .
SHARE THIS POST
We heard grumblings last night that Android 1.6 aka Donut might start rolling out to customers but we were hesitant to believe the hype .
Afterall , you folks DO remember how long those cupcakes took to bake , do n’t you ?
Well now it is 100 % OFFICIAL …
T - Mobile has announced that they have begun rolling out Android 1.6 over the air to G1 and MyTouch customers :
You can tell its officially offiicial by checking out the T - Mobile Android Forum and you ’ll see the above graphic plastered above the forums .
And if that was n’t enough , the administrator himself posted a more detailed announcement of the rollout :
The rollout of Android 1.6 ( Donut ) to T - Mobile ’s G1 and myTouch 3G customers is now underway , and provides new features and software enhancements .
The update also includes an important fix for isolated instances of system reboots after dialing 911 .
We have worked with Google and HTC on a solution , and the rollout of Android 1.6 is being accelerated to ensure the system reboot fix is rapidly delivered to our customers .
The over - the - air update will be delivered to all G1 and myTouch customers in the coming days .
Given the system reboot fix , we strongly encourage all users to install Android 1.6 when prompted to do so .
Regarding new and enhanced features , Android 1.6 includes :
An improved Android Market experience that makes it easier to discover great applications .
An integrated camera , camcorder , and gallery interface .
Updated Voice Search , with faster response and deeper integration with native applications , including the ability to dial contacts .
Updated search experience that make it easier to search various sources , such as browser bookmarks & history , contacts , and the web , directly from the home screen .
Additional details on Android 1.6 can be found at http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-1.6-highlights.html
YUMMMMMYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY ….
Have you gotten your DONUT yet ?
Filippo Facci su come va in Italia .
In sintesi Vittorio Feltri , che era direttore di Libero , ora è direttore del Giornale e ha raccontato che il direttore di Avvenire , Dino Boffo , è un molestatore ; la vicenda era già stata raccontata sommariamente da Panorama , diretto da Maurizio Belpietro , che ora però è direttore di Libero ; la vicenda di Boffo , ormai ex direttore di Avvenire , è stata ri-raccontata anche da Panorama non più ditretto da Belpietro – che era già direttore di Libero – bensì da Giorgio Mulè , che era direttore di Studio Aperto prima che diventasse direttore Mario Giordano , a sua volta direttore del Giornale prima che arrivasse Feltri che a suo tempo era stato sostituito da Belpietro prima che Belpietro diventasse direttore di Panorama : il quale , in compenso , su Libero , ha raccontato che il direttore di Repubblica , Ezio Mauro , pagò un attico parzialmente in nero , vicenda che era già stata raccontata dal direttore di Italia Oggi , Franco Bechis , il quale doveva diventare vicedirettore del Giornale ma poi è diventato vicedirettore di Libero : vicenda che oltretutto – quella di Ezio Mauro evasore fiscale , ma anche quella di Dino Boffo – l ’Unità e Repubblica considerano una ritorsione di Berlusconi per via della campagna di Repubblica , querelata da Berlusconi assieme all ’Unità , che intanto si chiede : che farà Santoro ?
Marco Travaglio , intanto , prepara un nuovo quotidiano , mentre Gianfranco Fini , dopo l’annunciata querela di Dino Boffo contro Vittorio Feltri , ha querelato pure lui Vittorio Feltri che però aveva detto « le querele si fanno , non si annunciano » anche se due anni fa aveva annunciato querela contro Milena Gabanelli di Report , la quale , pochi giorni fa , ha lamentato che le querele contro Report non verranno coperte dalla Rai , azienda che , un anno e mezzo fa , annunciò querela contro Vittorio Feltri per la pubblicazione di un’organigramma politico dei dirigenti Rai , azienda che , due anni fa , ha querelato anche me per dieci milioni di euro , con ciò impedendomi di andare ad Annozero a confrontarmi con Marco Travaglio , che un anno e mezzo fa ha querelato Giuseppe D’Avanzo di Repubblica per una faccenda di cattive frequentazioni siciliane , già coautore – D’Avanzo – della campagna su Noemi & Escort ai danni di Silvio Berlusconi , che ha querelato Repubblica ( e l’ Unità , dove scriveva Travaglio ) dopo che Repubblica aveva querelato Berlusconi che aveva invitato a non fare inserzioni su Repubblica .
Uh , dimenticavo : due anni fa Vittorio Feltri mi ha querelato .
Poi l’ha ritirata .
Oh dear , not Alan Clark again .
Ten years after the death of the so - called " Samuel Pepys of the 20th century " out comes the official biography .
On the BBC Today programme yesterday the book 's author , Ion Trewin , described how " wonderful " Clark was .
This is the popular view , reinforced by the way in which that marvellous actor John Hurt portrayed Clark 's own account of himself to a mass audience , in the BBC dramatisation of his diaries .
Alan Clark was not wonderful .
He was sleazy , vindictive , greedy , callous and cruel .
He was also a thorough - going admirer of Adolf Hitler , although his sycophants persisted in thinking that his expressions of reverence for the Fuhrer were not meant seriously .
They absolutely were .
When Alan Clark died , in September 1999 , the then Prime Minister , Tony Blair , led the tributes , saying : " We will all miss him " .
One MP had the courage to offer an honest view of his late colleague : David Heathcoat - Amory – who had the genuine article 's ability to see through Clark 's phoney imitation of the upper-class Englishman .
Heathcoat - Amory told the BBC that " he was n't a particularly nice man .
He could be very cruel with colleagues .
One incident that sticks in the mind was when we were having a whip - round for a colleague and he [ a multi- millionaire ] refused to chip in ...
I also think he was very conscious of his own image and status , and his own reputation as a diarist . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
That rang true .
When the London Evening Standard began publishing some spoof Alan Clark diaries , he sued them for a considerable sum of money , although it must have been clear to any reader that these were nothing more than a form of humorous homage .
Yet Clark , for all the witty demolitions of his colleagues in his diaries , took himself very seriously indeed – it was a source of great bitterness to him that neither Margaret Thatcher nor John Major could take at all seriously his insistence that he should be Foreign Secretary .
He made it to Minister of State for Trade , however , in which role he did something truly wicked .
At the time , this country had an embargo against selling weaponry to Saddam Hussein .
Clark did not agree with this policy , and so gave the nod and a wink to a company called Matrix Churchill to sell machine tools to Saddam , which he knew were for military use .
This was against the law , so when HM Customs discovered the shipments , the Matrix Churchill executives were arrested .
They protested that the then Trade Minister Clark had given them the all - clear ; but when he was visited by the police , he lied and said that he had done no such thing .
So the executives went on trial – and would have received substantial prison sentences , were it not for the fact that the judge overturned so - called ministerial public interest immunity certificates , which had kept from the court documents revealing Clark 's involvement .
Clark , of course , had signed those certificates , and must have thought that this would end any chance of his lies being uncovered .
Immediately , the Matrix executives ' lawyers put to Clark in the witness stand the incompatibility between his remarks to the police , and what was now being revealed .
Clark drawled , " it 's our old friend economical ... with the actualité " : in other words , he admitted that there had been a conspiracy between him and the Matrix Churchill executives to disguise the nature of the exports to Saddam .
The trial collapsed – and Clark became an instant hero .
It was felt that he had told the truth in the dock , and thus saved the defendants from unjust incarceration .
The truth was that Clark had been content to see the men locked up on the basis of his perjurious evidence – for which he should have been prosecuted – and only came clean when the forced disclosure of documents he had connived in suppressing had put him on the spot .
It turned out that Clark had earlier explained his motives for clearing the exports to Saddam : " The interests of the West were well served by Iran and Iraq fighting each other , the longer the better . "
He was indeed a notable historian of wars , one of his most acclaimed works being Barbarossa , an account of the Eastern Front in the Second World War .
He was intent on proving Hitler 's talent as a military leader , but over the years it became clear that there was more to it than mere technical admiration of Hitler the war strategist .
In 1981 his diary records : " I told Frank Johnson that I was a Nazi ; I really believed it to be the ideal system , and that it was a disaster for the Anglo - Saxon races and for the world that it was extinguished . "
Johnson , who was then on the staff of The Times , gulps and tells Clark that he can't really mean it .
Clark really did mean it .
But even when he complains in his diary that Johnson " takes refuge in the convention that Alan - does n't - really - mean - it " , his readers continue to believe that this is all an uproarious joke .
Yet , and this is to his credit as a diarist , he does not attempt to mislead his readers about his true opinions : at one point he records his thoughts of defecting to the National Front , and when two NF emissaries come to visit him he writes , " How good they were and how brave [ those ] who keep alive the tribal essence . "
All this filth has been submerged by the tidal wave of obsession with Clark 's sexual exploits .
On that score Trewin 's biography will not disappoint .
We knew that the 30 - year - old Clark married the 16 - year - old Jane Beuttler in 1958 .
Yet Trewin has unearthed the following diary entry , written when Clark 's wife - to - be was just 14 : " This is very exciting .
She [ Jane ] is the perfect victim , but whether or not it will be possible to succeed I can't tell at present . "
He did succeed in the endeavour of making this child a " perfect victim " : in the course of their marriage he made her wretchedly miserable with his continuous betrayals .
Sickest of all , perhaps , was the way in which on his death - bed he made this much younger woman promise him that she would never remarry .
Naturally his " perfect victim " consented .
Again , the reading public seems to find Clark 's frenzied extra-marital rutting merely amusing : or perhaps it is just that they appreciate his lack of hypocrisy in admitting all to his diary .
They should consider what it was like to be in receipt of his unwanted attentions .
Some years ago the ( married ) journalist Minette Marrin recorded her own experience of it .
They had both been invited to a " political " dinner at a private house .
He instantly pressed himself on her in a most unsubtle way , demanding that she leave their hosts , join him for a private dinner and then ...
Marrin recalled : " He thought ' no ' was a form of flirting ...
When at last he came to believe that I was impervious to his charms and would not rush off with him into the night , he turned to me with a particularly vicious look .
And this is what this self - styled gentleman , this intellectual , this flower of our civilisation , then said : " Well , fuck you then .
Fuck off .
I 'm not talking to you any more . "
I think it would be better if we heard no more about the " wonderful " Alan Clark .
d.lawson@independent.co.uk
Popular C - Span Junkie user channel suspended , 6400 videos gone
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , August 5 , 2009
You Tube has expanded its zealous copyright crusade by suspending the popular C - Span Junkie user channel , and in doing so has pulled hundreds of viral Ron Paul videos , which are now completely dead .
The C - Span Junkie user channel , a non-partisan archive of short clips taken from C - Span broadcasts of events in the Congress and the Senate , has been the home of the vast majority of You Tube videos you have seen of Bernanke , Geithner , Paulson and others being confronted in Congress , as well as Ron Paul ’s speeches on the House floor .
A total of more than 6400 videos in all have been pulled , hundreds of which featured the Texan Congressman .
Whether or not C - Span itself requested that You Tube pull the channel is not known , but it is clearly in the public interest and constitutes fair use to show a clip less than 10 minutes in length of what the people who are supposedly our Representatives are saying in Congress on our behalf .
As we have highlighted before , You Tube arbitrarily suspends accounts based on flimsy copyright claims that are n’t even properly investigated .
We had our own You Tube account suspended following a copyright complaint from a separate party who did n’t even own the copyright on the original material .
In addition , the copyright claim was clearly erroneous as it was based on the fact that Alex Jones held up a printed version of an online newspaper story for a few seconds on camera .
The channel was eventually reinstated after You Tube received a flood of complaints .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ I do n’t know if you can imagine what it ’s like to in a moment see 6400 videos gone , ” writes the channel owner on the C Span Junkie website , “ Figure 6400 hours ( easily ) poof GONE !
I did this for the common good and now it all gone . ”
The channel has now been replaced with a new account but it ’s unlikely to survive long if the owner dares to post anything of substance .
Truth is no longer acceptable on You Tube as it transforms itself into a pale reflection of Hulu , a site owned and operated by NBC Universal ( GE ) and Fox Entertainment Group ( News Corp ) , that is to say a joint venture by a corporation owned by a death merchant ( GE manufactures attack helicopters and jet engines ) and a disinformation platform owned by a notorious neocon , Rupert Murdoch .
In the Hulu-ized universe , there is no room for truth or alternative media — all channels will contain the same schlock and mindless pablum already available on cable and broadcast television .
Videos of members of Congress grilling Bernanke and his cohorts about auditing the Fed and finding out where trillions in missing TARP funds has disappeared to just are n’t part of the sanitized and lobotomized video landscape that You Tube wants to portray .
If you post videos about people eating each other ’s vomit or clips of plastic bimbos with their breasts hanging out then you ’ll be left alone , but God forbid should anyone try to give the country a window on what ’s actually happening in Congress and what their own Representatives are talking about – in that case your thought crimes will immediately be censored and removed .
This article was posted : Wednesday , August 5 , 2009 at 7:53 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Air India has ordered an inquiry into the incident
Pilots and cabin crew have come to blows on an international flight bound for India , media reports say .
The scuffle is said to have begun as an argument in the plane 's cockpit over claims of sexual harassment but spilled into the galley , startling passengers .
A pilot and a flight attendant suffered bruises as punches were thrown .
The incident took place over Pakistan on an Air India flight from the United Arab Emirates to Delhi , with 106 passengers and seven crew on board .
Indian police are investigating the incident , which took place at around 0430 local time on Saturday ( 2300 on Friday GMT ) .
The cabin crew alleged that pilots sexually harassed a 24 - year - old female flight attendant , who filed a complaint once the plane landed .
But the Times of India newspaper said the pilots made a counter - claim , saying that the harassment claim was an attempt to divert attention from accusations of misconduct against a male flight attendant .
Air India said it had ordered an inquiry into the incident , and had grounded all the staff involved .
Dan Rickman recently stated the case for circumcision by setting out its central importance to Judaism and Jewish identity .
These are the arguments that convinced me to circumcise my own son .
However , in dealing with some of the issues raised , he failed to engage with the most cogent argument against circumcision – the fact that it is fundamentally at odds with English law .
The term " genital mutilation " sounds far less civilised that the commonly used term " circumcision " .
Yet the former is only ever used in relation to the removal of parts of female reproductive organs , and the latter , generally , for the removal of the foreskin from a male 's penis .
Make no mistake , a circumcision is the mutilation of genitals regardless of the terminology .
Male children from the Jewish and Muslim faiths have their foreskins removed at a young age under as part of religious practice .
This is an irreversible procedure that would otherwise be classed as grievous bodily harm , contrary to section 18 of the Offences Against the Persons Act 1861 .
The fact that it is performed with parental consent has been deemed sufficient in allowing this procedure to be performed under English law .
The argument that parental consent suffices to override the law falls flat when compared with the act of tattooing .
The Tattooing of Minors Act prohibits the tattooing of any person under 18 , regardless of whether a parent consents on their behalf .
A tattoo is arguably less permanent than a circumcision .
If a person must reach the age of 18 before being deemed able to understand and consent to the permanence of a tattoo , then why should this not apply to a male child being circumcised ?
Religious grounds have long been cited as the reason for this anomaly .
Britain prides itself , rightly so , on its freedom of religion .
Why then is male circumcision allowed at any age , and female circumcision proscribed even after a woman turns 18 ?
Surely religious freedom cannot be given solely to males .
Furthermore , if circumcision of males is allowed on religious grounds , then the ruling in the case of Adesanya must have been erroneous .
The court here decided that a Nigerian woman could be prosecuted for cutting her teenaged sons ' faces according to her cultural norms .
It seems that freedom to commit GBH only extends to males , and only then of particular faiths or cultural backgrounds .
The final spin of the dice for the pro-circumcision group is the health argument .
Circumcised males have been proven to have a lower incidence of a number of diseases , and even a lower chance of contracting HIV .
Yet religious circumcisions are not performed on the grounds of health , and are often performed by religious practitioners who are not medically qualified to do so .
The health argument is merely a coincidental , although happy , one .
Were this to be the decisive factor , then surely circumcision should be extended to all male children at birth as has recently occurred in some American states .
Moreover , according to this line of reasoning , circumcisions should all be performed by doctors , or medical practitioners , and at a time that is optimum for the health of the child rather than at a religiously prescribed point in his life .
I am not advocating the abolition of male circumcision .
However , the law needs to create guidelines that are applicable to all persons regardless of creed , gender , or religion .
The existence of different sets of rules for different groups can only be seen as placing some people on a pedestal , elevated above the laws that the rest of us must follow .
I 'm so glad someone who has been there has finally said it :
( I ) n a move that has sent ripples all the way to the White House , ( former Marine Corps Captain Matthew ) Hoh , 36 , became the first U.S. official known to resign in protest over the Afghan war , which he had come to believe simply fueled the insurgency .
" I have lost understanding of and confidence in the strategic purposes of the United States ' presence in Afghanistan , " he wrote Sept. 10 in a four - page letter to the department 's head of personnel .
" I have doubts and reservations about our current strategy and planned future strategy , but my resignation is based not upon how we are pursuing this war , but why and to what end . "
The reaction to Hoh 's letter was immediate .
Senior U.S. officials , concerned that they would lose an outstanding officer and perhaps gain a prominent critic , appealed to him to stay .
U.S. Ambassador Karl W. Eikenberry brought him to Kabul and offered him a job on his senior embassy staff .
Hoh declined .
From there , he was flown home for a face - to - face meeting with Richard C. Holbrooke , the administration 's special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan .
" We took his letter very seriously , because he was a good officer , " Holbrooke said in an interview .
" We all thought that given how serious his letter was , how much commitment there was , and his prior track record , we should pay close attention to him . "
While he did not share
Hoh 's view that the war " was n't worth the fight , " Holbrooke said , " I agreed with much of his analysis . "
He asked Hoh to join his team in Washington , saying that " if he really wanted to affect policy and help reduce the cost of the war on lives and treasure , " why not be " inside the building , rather than outside , where you can get a lot of attention but you wo n't have the same political impact ? "
Hoh is quick to say he 's not some hippie peace - nik .
Sigh .
Why does he make that sound like a bad thing ?
But Hoh does feel that our presence does nothing but escalate violence and turmoil with the Afghans .
( M) any Afghans , he wrote in his resignation letter , are fighting the United States largely because its troops are there -- a growing military presence in villages and valleys where outsiders , including other Afghans , are not welcome and where the corrupt , U.S. - backed national government is rejected .
While the Taliban is a malign presence , and Pakistan - based al - Qaeda needs to be confronted , he said , the United States is asking its troops to die in Afghanistan for what is essentially a far - off civil war .
As the White House deliberates over whether to deploy more troops , Hoh said he decided to speak out publicly because " I want people in Iowa , people in Arkansas , people in Arizona , to call their congressman and say , ' Listen , I do n't think this is right . ' " " I realize what I 'm getting into . . . what people are going to say about me , " he said .
" I never thought I would be doing this . "
The New Atlanticist , a foreign policy blog , looks at it from a different POV : While Obama Dithers ...
Now , as it happens , I think Hoh 's analysis of the situation is spot-on :
Hoh 's doubts increased with Afghanistan 's Aug. 20 presidential election , marked by low turnout and widespread fraud .
He concluded , he said in his resignation letter , that the war " has violently and savagely pitted the urban , secular , educated and modern of Afghanistan against the rural , religious , illiterate and traditional .
It is this latter group that composes and supports the Pashtun insurgency . "
With " multiple , seemingly infinite , local groups , " he wrote , the insurgency " is fed by what is perceived by the Pashtun people as a continued and sustained assault , going back centuries , on Pashtun land , culture , traditions and religion by internal and external enemies .
The U.S. and Nato presence in Pashtun valleys and villages , as well as Afghan army and police units that are led and composed of non-Pashtun soldiers and police , provide an occupation force against which the insurgency is justified . "
American families , he said at the end of the letter , " must be reassured their dead have sacrificed for a purpose worthy of futures lost , love vanished , and promised dreams unkept .
I have lost confidence such assurances can be made any more . "
But , gee whiz , our senior leadership is so lacking in confidence in their policy that they 're afraid some 36 - year - old former junior officer with nine months ' experience in the foreign service ( presumably , much of it spent in training ! ) will go on the " Colbert Report " and criticize it ?
So it would seem .
They 've brought this on themselves .
Granted , President Obama inherited this war and his people may have fought it differently had they been in charge during the first seven years .
( An unlikely counterfactual , to be sure , since he was an unknown state senator at the time . )
But it 's a fight he clamored for during the campaign , stressing it as " a war of necessity . "
And he doubled down almost immediately , sending more troops and firing a well - respected four star commander to replace him with a counterinsurgency guru .
But now he 's dithering , signaling in the press that he 's lost confidence in the strategy and can't make up his mind as to what to do now .
While I do n't appreciate the adoption of Cheney 's framing -- Obama is n't dithering , he 's considering carefully his options -- James Joyner has a point .
Obama pushed Afghanistan as the " good war " and the reverberations of Hoh 's resignation do appear to have leadership scrambling .
IN Afghanistan ’s Logar Province , just south of Kabul , the geopolitical future of Asia is becoming apparent : American troops are providing security for a Chinese state - owned company to exploit the Aynak copper reserves , which are worth tens of billions of dollars .
While some of America ’s NATO allies want to do as little as possible in the effort to stabilize Afghanistan , China has its eyes on some of world ’s last untapped deposits of copper , iron , gold , uranium and precious gems , and is willing to take big risks in one of the most violent countries to secure them .
In Afghanistan , American and Chinese interests converge .
By exploiting Afghanistan ’s metal and mineral reserves , China can provide thousands of Afghans with jobs , thus generating tax revenues to help stabilize a tottering Kabul government .
Just as America has a vision of a modestly stable Afghanistan that will no longer be a haven for extremists , China has a vision of Afghanistan as a secure conduit for roads and energy pipelines that will bring natural resources from the Indian Ocean and elsewhere .
So if America defeats Al Qaeda and the irreconcilable elements of the Taliban , China ’s geopolitical position will be enhanced .
This is not a paradox , since China need not be our future adversary .
Indeed , combining forces with China in Afghanistan might even improve the relationship between Washington and Beijing .
The problem is that while America is sacrificing its blood and treasure , the Chinese will reap the benefits .
The whole direction of America ’s military and diplomatic effort is toward an exit strategy , whereas the Chinese hope to stay and profit .
But what if America decides to leave , or to drastically reduce its footprint to a counterterrorism strategy focused mainly on the Afghanistan - Pakistan border ?
Then another scenario might play out .
Kandahar and other areas will most likely fall to the Taliban , creating a truly lawless realm that wrecks China ’s plans for an energy and commodities passageway through South Asia .
It would also , of course , be a momentous moral victory achieved by radical Muslims who , having first defeated the Soviet Union in Afghanistan , will then have triumphed over another superpower .
You may be struggling with loss and financial burden after an injury or the death of a loved one .
Reading through complicated paperwork and dealing with insurance companies will only make matters more difficult .
You can recover with peace of mind knowing that your claim is in good hands .
David G. Smith , Attorney at Law has been serving Oakland and Bay Area clients for 40 years .
He can give you a clear and honest outlook for your personal injury or wrongful death claim from the start .
The knowledgeable staff at our firm apply decades of experience to help make your experience easier going forward .
The USA Today headline proclaims :
Madoff ordered to forfeit $ 170B
And the first line of the article says “ Diisgraced financier Bernard Madoff has been ordered to forfeit over $ 170 billion , prosecutors said Friday . ”
Yes , they really did spell it “ Diisgraced ” .
But the “ bigger ” point is that if Madoff actually had $ 170 billion to forfeit , that would have made him the richest person in the world ( Bill Gates , who currently holds that title , is only worth $ 40 billion ) .
USA Today needs to fire their copy editor .
And to give you an idea of how inbred our media actually is , both the New York Times and CNN use the same bad number .
Even the investors in Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme lost only $ 13 billion ( but still a staggering sum ) .
How do we explain this glaring mistake ?
Is billion the new million ?
Or did the media just use the same accounting techniques as Madoff did ?
Actually , we know where they got this number .
The Department of Justice ( scroll down to Page 6 ) lists the judgement against Madoff as $ 170,000,000,000 ( what ’s a few decimal places between friends ? ) .
When Barack Obama announced in June 2009 about Israeli - Palestinian diplomacy , " I 'm confident that if we stick with it , having started early , that we can make some serious progress this year , " he displayed a touching , if naïve optimism .
Indeed , his determination fits a well - established pattern of determination by politicians to " solve " the Arab - Israeli conflict ; there were fourteen U.S. government initiatives just during the two George W. Bush administrations .
Might this time be different ?
Will trying harder or being more clever end the conflict ?
No , there is no chance whatever of this effort working .
Without looking at the specifics of the Obama approach — which are in themselves problematic — I shall argue three points : that past Israeli - Palestinian negotiations have failed ; that their failure resulted from an Israeli illusion about avoiding war ; and that Washington should urge Jerusalem to forego negotiations and return instead to its earlier and more successful policy of fighting for victory .
I. Reviewing the " Peace Process "
The two hands of September 1993 , when Yitzhak Rabin and Yasir Arafat shook hands with President Clinton watching .
It is embarrassing to recall the elation and expectations that accompanied the signing of the Oslo accords in September 1993 when Israel 's prime minister Yitzhak Rabin shook hands on the White House lawn with Yasir Arafat , the Palestinian leader .
For some years afterward , " The Handshake " ( as it was then capitalized ) served as the symbol of brilliant diplomacy , whereby each side achieved what it most wanted : dignity and autonomy for the Palestinians , recognition and security for the Israelis .
President Bill Clinton hosted the ceremony and lauded the deal as a " great occasion of history . "
Secretary of State Warren Christopher concluded that " the impossible is within our reach . "
Yasir Arafat called the signing an " historic event , inaugurating a new epoch . "
Israel 's foreign minister Shimon Peres said one could see in it " the outline of peace in the Middle East . "
The press displayed similar expectations .
Anthony Lewis , a New York Times columnist , deemed the agreement " stunning " and " ingeniously built . "
Time magazine made Arafat and Rabin two of its " men of the year " for 1993 .
To cap it off , Arafat , Rabin , and Peres jointly won the Nobel Peace Prize for 1994 .
As the accords led to a deterioration of conditions for Palestinians and Israelis , rather than the expected improvement , these heady anticipations quickly dissipated .
When Palestinians still lived under Israeli control , pre-Oslo accords , they had benefited from the rule of law and a growing economy , independent of international welfare .
They enjoyed functioning schools and hospitals ; they traveled without checkpoints and had free access to Israeli territory .
They even founded several universities .
Terrorism declined as acceptance of Israel increased .
Oslo then brought Palestinians not peace and prosperity , but tyranny , failed institutions , poverty , corruption , a death cult , suicide factories , and Islamist radicalization .
Yasir Arafat had promised to build his new dominion into a Middle Eastern Singapore , but the reality he ruled became a nightmare of dependence , inhumanity , and loathing , more akin to Liberia or the Congo .
The two hands of October 2000 , when a young Palestinian showed off his bloody hands after lynching two Israeli reservists .
As for Israelis , they watched as Palestinian rage spiraled upward , inflicting unprecedented violence on them ; the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs reports that more Israelis were killed by Palestinian terrorists in the five years after the Oslo accords than in the fifteen years preceding it .
If the two hands in the Rabin - Arafat handshake symbolized Oslo 's early hopes , the two bloody hands of a young Palestinian male who had just lynched Israeli reservists in Ramallah in October 2000 represented its dismal end .
In addition , Oslo did great damage to Israel 's standing internationally , resurrecting questions about the very existence of a sovereign Jewish state , especially on the Left , and spawning moral perversions such as the U.N. World Conference against Racism in Durban .
From Israel 's perspective , the seven years of Oslo diplomacy , 1993 - 2000 , largely undid forty - five years of success in warfare .
Palestinians and Israelis agree on little , but with a near universality they concur that the Oslo accords failed .
What is called the " peace process " should rather be called the " war process . "
II .
The False Hope of Finessing War
Why did things go so badly wrong ?
Where lay the flaws in so promising an agreement ?
Yitzhak Rabin 's understanding that " One does not make peace with one 's friends .
One makes peace with one 's enemy " led Arab - Israeli diplomacy fundamentally astray .
Of a multiplicity of errors , the ultimate mistake lay in Yitzhak Rabin 's misunderstanding of how war ends , as revealed by his catch - phrase , " One does not make peace with one 's friends .
One makes peace with one 's enemy . "
The Israeli prime minister expected war to be concluded through goodwill , conciliation , mediation , flexibility , restraint , generosity , and compromise , topped off with signatures on official documents .
In this spirit , his government and those of his three successors — Shimon Peres , Binyamin Netanyahu , Ehud Barak — initiated an array of concessions , hoping and expecting the Palestinians to reciprocate .
They did not .
In fact , Israeli concessions inflamed Palestinian hostility .
Palestinians interpreted Israeli efforts to " make peace " as signals of demoralization and weakness .
" Painful concessions " reduced the Palestinian awe of Israel , made the Jewish state appear vulnerable , and incited irredentist dreams of annihilation .
Each Oslo - negotiated gesture by Israel further exhilarated , radicalized , and mobilized the Palestinian body politic to war .
The quiet hope of 1993 to eliminate Israel gained traction , becoming a deafening demand by 2000 .
Venomous speech and violent actions soared .
Polls and votes in recent years suggest that a mere 20 percent of Palestinians accept the existence of a Jewish state .
Rabin's mistake was simple and profound :
One cannot " make peace with one 's enemy , " as he imagined .
Rather , one makes peace with one 's former enemy .
Peace nearly always requires one side in a conflict to be defeated and thus give up its goals .
Wars end not through goodwill but through victory .
" Let your great object [ in war ] be victory " observed Sun Tzu , the ancient Chinese strategist .
" War is an act of violence to compel the enemy to fulfill our will , " wrote his nineteenth - century Prussian successor , Karl von Clausewitz in 1832 .
Douglas MacArthur observed in 1951 that in " war , there is no substitute for victory . "
Technological advancement has not altered this insight .
Fighting either continues or potentially can resume so long as both sides hope to achieve their war goals .
Victory consists of imposing one 's will on the enemy , compelling him to give up his war ambitions .
Wars typically end when one side gives up hope , when its will to fight has been crushed .
Defeat , one might think , usually follows on devastating battlefield losses , as was the case of the Axis in 1945 .
But that has rarely occurred during the past sixty years .
Battlefield losses by the Arab states to Israel in 1948 - 82 , by North Korea in 1953 , by Saddam Hussein in 1991 , and by Iraqi Sunnis in 2003 did not translate into despair and surrender .
Morale and will matter more these days .
Although they out - manned and out - gunned their foes , the French gave up in Algeria , the Americans in Vietnam , and the Soviets in Afghanistan .
The Cold War ended , notably , with barely a fatality .
Crushing the enemy 's will to fight , then , does not necessarily mean crushing the enemy .
Arabs and Israelis since 1948 have pursued static and opposite goals : Arabs fought to eliminate Israel ; Israelis fought to win their neighbors ' acceptance .
Details have varied over the decades with multiple ideologies , strategies , and leading actors , but the twin goals have remained in place and unbridgeable .
If the conflict is to end , one side must lose and one side win .
Either there will be no more Zionist state or it will be accepted by its neighbors .
Those are the only two scenarios for ending the conflict .
Anything else is unstable and a premise for further warfare .
The Arabs have pursued their war aims with patience , determination , and purpose ; the exceptions to this pattern ( e.g. , the Egyptian and Jordanian peace treaties ) have been operationally insignificant because they have not tamped hostility to Israel 's existence .
In response , Israelis sustained a formidable record of strategic vision and tactical brilliance in the period 1948 - 93 .
Over time , however , as Israel developed into a wealthy country , its populace grew impatient with the humiliating , slow , boring , bitter , and expensive task of convincing Arabs to accept their political existence .
By now , few in Israel still see victory as the goal ; almost no major political figure on the scene today calls for victory in war .
Uzi Landau , currently minister of national infrastructure , who argues that " when you 're in a war you want to win the war , " is the rare exception .
The Hard Work of Winning
In place of victory , Israelis developed an imaginative array of approaches to end the conflict :
Territorial compromise : Yitzhak Rabin ( and the Oslo process ) .
Develop the Palestinian economy : Shimon Peres ( and the Oslo process ) .
Unilateralism ( build a wall , withdraw from Gaza ) : Ariel Sharon , Ehud Olmert , and the Kadima party .
Lease the land under Israeli towns on the West Bank for 99 years : Amir Peretz and the Labor Party .
Encourage the Palestinians to develop good government : Natan Sharansky ( and George W. Bush ) .
Territorial retreat : Israel 's Left .
Exclude disloyal Palestinians from Israeli citizenship : Avigdor Lieberman .
Offer Jordan as Palestine : elements of Israel 's Right .
Expel Palestinians from lands controlled by Israel : Meir Kahane .
Contradictory in spirit and mutually exclusive as they are , these approaches all aim to finesse war rather than win it .
Not one of them addresses the need to break the Palestinian will to fight .
Just as the Oslo negotiations failed , I predict that so too will every Israeli scheme that avoids the hard work of winning .
Ehud Olmert speaking for the Israel Policy Forum in June 2005 , where he announced that Israelis " are tired of fighting , we are tired of being courageous , we are tired of winning , we are tired of defeating our enemies . "
Since 1993 , in brief , the Arabs have sought victory while Israelis sought compromise .
In this spirit , Israelis openly announced their fatigue with warfare .
Shortly before becoming prime minister , Ehud Olmert said on behalf of his countrymen : " We are tired of fighting ; we are tired of being courageous ; we are tired of winning ; we are tired of defeating our enemies . "
After becoming prime minister , Olmert proclaimed : " Peace is achieved through concessions .
We all know that . "
Such defeatist statements prompted Yoram Hazony of the Shalem Center to characterize Israelis as " an exhausted people , confused and without direction . "
But who does not win , loses .
To survive , Israelis eventually must return to their pre-1993 policy of establishing that Israel is strong , tough , and permanent .
That is achieved through deterrence — the tedious task of convincing Palestinians and others that the Jewish state will endure and that dreams of elimination must fail .
This will not be easy or quick .
Due to missteps during the Oslo years and after ( especially the unilateral withdrawal from Gaza of 2005 and the Lebanon war of 2006 ) , Palestinians perceive Israel as economically and militarily strong but morally and politically weak .
In the pungent words of Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah , Israel is " weaker than a spider 's web . "
Such scorn will likely require decades of hard work to reverse .
Nor will it be pretty : Defeat in war typically entails that the loser experience deprivation , failure , and despair .
Israel does enjoy one piece of good fortune :
It need only deter the Palestinians , not the whole Arab and Muslim populations .
Moroccans , Iranians , Malaysians , and others take their cues from the Palestinians and with time will follow their lead .
Israel 's ultimate enemy , the one whose will it needs to crush , is roughly the same demographic size as itself .
This process may be seen through a simple prism .
Any development that encourages Palestinians to think they can eliminate Israel is negative , any that encourages them to give up that goal is positive .
The Palestinians ' defeat will be recognizable when , over a protracted period and with complete consistency , they prove that they have accepted Israel .
This does not mean loving Zion , but it does mean permanently accepting it — overhauling the educational system to take out the demonization of Jews and Israel , telling the truth about Jewish ties to Jerusalem , and accepting normal commercial , cultural , and human relations with Israelis .
Palestinian démarches and letters to the editor are acceptable but violence is not .
The quiet that follows must be consistent and enduring .
Symbolically , one can conclude that Palestinians have accepted Israel and the war is over when Jews living in Hebron ( on the West Bank ) have no more need for security than Arabs living in Nazareth ( in Israel ) .
III .
U.S. Policy
Like all outsiders to the conflict , Americans face a stark choice : Endorse the Palestinian goal of eliminating Israel or endorse Israel 's goal of winning its neighbors ' acceptance .
To state the choice makes clear that there is no choice — the first is barbaric , the second civilized .
No decent person can endorse the Palestinians ' genocidal goal of eliminating their neighbor .
Following every president since Harry S Truman , and every congressional resolution and vote since then , the U.S. government must stand with Israel in its drive to win acceptance .
Not only is this an obvious moral choice , but Israel 's win , ironically , would be the best thing that ever happened to the Palestinians .
Compelling them finally to give up on their irredentist dream would liberate them to focus on their own polity , economy , society , and culture .
Palestinians need to experience the crucible of defeat to become a normal people — one whose parents stop celebrating their children becoming suicide terrorists , whose obsession with Zionist rejectionism collapses .
There is no shortcut .
This analysis implies a radically different approach for the U.S. government from the current one .
On the negative side , it puts Palestinians on notice that benefits will flow to them only after they prove their acceptance of Israel .
Until then — no diplomacy , no discussion of final status , no recognition as a state , and certainly no financial aid or weapons .
On the positive side , the U. S. administration should work with Israel , the Arab states , and others to induce the Palestinians to accept Israel 's existence by convincing them that they have lost .
This means impressing on the Israeli government the need not just to defend itself but to take steps to demonstrate to Palestinians the hopelessness of their cause .
That requires not episodic shows of force ( such as the 2008 - 09 war against Hamas in Gaza ) but a sustained and systematic effort to deflate a bellicose mentality .
Israel 's victory also directly helps its U.S. ally , for some of its enemies — Hamas , Hezbollah , Syria , and Iran — are also America's .
Tougher Israeli tactics would help Washington in smaller ways , too .
Washington should encourage Jerusalem not to engage in prisoner exchanges with terrorist groups , not to allow Hezbollah to re-arm in southern Lebanon or Fatah or Hamas in Gaza , and not to withdraw unilaterally from the West Bank ( which would effectively turn over the region to Hamas terrorists and threaten Hashemite rule in Jordan ) .
Diplomacy aiming to shut down the Arab - Israeli conflict is premature until Palestinians give up their anti-Zionism .
When that happy moment arrives , negotiations can re-open and take up anew the Oslo issues — borders , resources , armaments , sanctities , residential rights .
But that is years or decades away .
In the meantime , an ally needs to win .
Daniel Pipes is publisher of the Middle East Quarterly and Taube distinguished visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution of Stanford University .
Sep. 21 , 2009 addenda : ( 1 ) This article represents the written version of a talk I have given many times .
( 2 ) It builds on an earlier analysis of the same topic published in 2003 , " Does Israel Need a [ Peace ] Plan ? "
That one devotes more attention to delineating and refuting the many " solutions " to the conflict ; this one focuses more on the costs of the Oslo illusion .
May 23 , 2011 update : " Victory process " is the valuable term that Newt Gingrich coined today .
Here is the context :
There can be no peace until Hamas is defeated .
The " peace process " must be replaced with a " victory process . " ... we can defeat Hamas ...
Then there can be a genuine peace process .
Combining his and my terms :
The " peace process " will remain a " war process " until it 's turned into a " victory process . "
Well , Android already has a Augmented Reality App [ Layar ] officially , and now for the first time we got to see Augmented reality on iPhone though unofficially on Jailbroken iPhones only .
The App is called SplatCam and is more about fun rather than utility at this point of time .
All it does is is adds a new dimension to your Real - time video ( similar to Cycorder video ) .
The live video Feed from the iPhone ’s camera can be extended to do some fun stuff .
You can shoot tomatoes , eggs or spitwadss at anything in the field of view .
It is all done in real time .
And yes supported for 3.x .
I tried on 3GS , it works , not sure if it ’s compatible with others .
Currently it ’s available via Cydia app store as a paid application hosted on modmyi source .
It costs $ 2.99 .
Try it out , it ’s cool .
Subscribe to RSS or Follow on Twitter to receive updates on Augmented Reality for iPhone .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Greetings !
Thus far , the LA Progressive has covered the healthcare debate by sending you articles written by various writers who are passionate about this issue .
Well , truth is , we all have a stake in this debate .
So this week Dick took me and Nea ( yep , that 's us you 're looking at ) to a healthcare townhall meeting .
Do n't ask me which is the servant and which is the fool -- all I 'll say is after seeing all of those town hall screamers , some of which were gun-toting , finger - biting lunatics -- I was n't exactly comfortable with the idea of attending one of these " meetings " .
Then Dick reminded me that Anthony Samad was the moderator ( he can be seen on the podium in the background ) and I figured this would be a different type of townhall .
Was I right ?
Read what Dick wrote about our
Thus far , the LA Progressive has covered the healthcare debate by sending you articles written by various writers who are passionate about this issue .
Well , truth is , we all have a stake in this debate .
So this week Dick took me and Nea ( yep , that 's us you 're looking at ) to a healthcare townhall meeting .
Do n't ask me which is the servant and which is the fool -- all I 'll say is after seeing all of those town hall screamers , some of which were gun-toting , finger - biting lunatics -- I was n't exactly comfortable with the idea of attending one of these " meetings " .
Then Dick reminded me that Anthony Samad was the moderator ( he can be seen on the podium in the background ) and I figured this would be a different type of townhall .
Was I right ?
Read what Dick wrote about our townhall meeting experience in South L.A. . . .
-- Sharon
Johan de Nysschen , president of Audi of America , has posted a clarification of his thoughts about the Chevy Volt on Audi USA News ’s Facebook page .
He wrote : “ Let me clearly state that in my opinion , electric vehicles will be part of the future transportation of society – but only if we go about it the right way .
In fact , Audi is working on electric vehicles . ”
He says he does n’t recall calling the Volt “ a car for idiots , ” and explains , “ It was certainly not my intention to leave the impression that I ’m opposed to electrical vehicles , and if I was unclear on either of those points then I need to eat crow . ”
Mr. de Nysschen does , however , still question the feasibility of the Volt as a concept .
He explains , “ The 50 percent or so price increase that the Volt represents over a similar gasoline car cannot be offset through the savings from reduced fuel consumption . ”
He adds : “ The only way to offset the extreme premium for the Volt is through taxpayer - funded subsidies .
So I question if that makes economic sense . ”
The original post :
“ No one is going to pay a $ 15,000 premium for a car that competes with a Corolla .
So there are not enough idiots who will buy it . ”
Those were the words of Johan de Nysschen , president of Audi of America , who recently spoke ( quite candidly ) to Lawrence Ulrich in MSN Autos about the Chevrolet Volt .
Early estimates for the price of the Volt are around $ 40,000 , and Mr. de Nysschen said that he does n’t see many people paying that much for a car that competes with small compacts , which top out at around $ 25,000 .
He called the the Chevy plug - in hybrid “ a car for idiots . ”
Mr. de Nysschen was clearly making a point , as Mr. Ulrich , a frequent contributor to The New York Times ’ Automobiles section , goes on to explain :
De Nysschen expressed frustration with regulators and policy makers , saying the public has been hoodwinked into believing that E.V. ’s are the only answer to global warming .
The U.S. government , he said , is pouring billions of dollars into E.V. technology , yet diesel technology could deliver a more immediate and dramatic decrease in global - warming emissions .
And the man knows of what he speaks : Modern diesels already power half of Audi ’s cars in Europe and have helped Audi dominate recent runnings of the 24 Hours of Le Mans .
Diesels have been shown to emit 25 percent less carbon dioxide than gasoline engines , while using 25 to 35 percent less fuel .
Audi and Volkswagen have never been abashed about their push for diesel .
Stefan Jacoby , the president and chief executive of the VW Group of America , has also criticized proponents of electric vehicles and hybrid technology .
At any rate , we ca n’t wait to hear what Bob Lutz , G.M. ’s notoriously garrulous vice chairman for advertising , communications and marketing , has to say about this latest salvo from Audi .
Sunday marked the 20th anniversary of the first portable Macintosh computer , the aptly - named Macintosh Portable .
While it was indeed portable , it was anything but svelte .
Apple 's first non-desktop Mac weighed in at nearly 16lb and was a beast at 4 " thick , 15.25 " wide and 14.8 " deep .
While the 9.8 " 1 - bit , 640x400 display is quaint by today 's standards , it was active - matrix , an expensive rarity in the days of passive matrix portable computers .
Unfortunately , it was n't backlit .
The Portable sold for a whopping $ 6,500 when it was launched in September 1989 , and it 's hardly surprising that it was never a top - seller .
The hardware was modest , even by contemporary standards .
It rocked a 16MHz 68000 CPU and shipped with 1MB of RAM , as well as a 40 MB hard drive .
It was updated in February 1991 with a backlit display , but Apple snuffed out the Portable line in October of that year when it launched its first PowerBook , the PowerBook 100 .
In recognition of the 20 - year anniversary of the Macintosh Portable , let 's look back at some of the superstars of Apple 's laptop lineup — as well as a couple of duds that should never have made it out of Cupertino .
The pre-Power PC era
PowerBook 170
When introduced in October 1991 , the PowerBook 100 series had a handful of innovations that are now commonplace in laptops of all shapes and sizes .
It moved the keyboard back from the front of the case and had a central control for the pointer in the form of the trackball in front of it .
There was also the full complement of desktop Mac ports , including ADB , serial , and SCSI .
The PowerBook 170 was one of the first three PowerBook models released , arriving on the scene along with the PowerBook 100 and 140 in October 1991 .
It stood out from the other two by virtue of its active - matrix black - and - white display and 25MHz 68030 CPU .
All of that computing power came at a price .
The 170 shipped for $ 4,600 , $ 2,100 more than the 16MHz 68000 - powered PowerBook 100 .
The 170 weighed in at 6.8 lbs — a full 9lb lighter than the Mac Portable it replaced — and was far smaller at 2.25 " x11.25" x9.3 " .
The 170 was on the market for only a year , replaced by the PowerBook 180 12 months after its introduction , but it truly revolutionized laptop design .
PowerBook Duo 250
Over the last 20 years , Apple has repeatedly tried its hand at a crafting the ultimate sub-notebook .
The first attempt was the PowerBook Duo— a slimmer , lighter laptop with little in the way of expandability and no removable storage media .
( Sound familiar ? )
The first in the lineup was the PowerBook Duo 210 , which was released in October 1992 .
It was another year before the Duo 250 shipped , offering an active - matrix grayscale display and a decent amount of computing power in a small package .
The Duo had a 33MHz 68030 CPU , 4MB of RAM , and a 200 MB hard drive .
Its only connection to the outside world was a single serial port capable of supporting a modem or printer .
If you needed to hook it up to a monitor , external SCSI disk drive , or floppy drive , Apple sold the Duo Dock , which offered the full complement of desktop ports as well as NuBus slots .
The Dock was an additional $ 500 above and beyond the $ 2,600 price of the Duo 250 , but turned the sub - notebook into a desktop Mac solution .
The most amazing thing about the Duo was its size and weight .
It was only 1.4 " thick ( compared to the 2.25 " of contemporary PowerBooks ) and it weighed a scant 4.2lb when the rest of Apple 's portable lineup was in the 7lb range .
The form factor was a popular one , living on into the PowerPC era in the form of the PowerBook Duo 2300 and then the PowerBook 2400 c , which was shipped through the end of 1998 .
PowerBook 540c
The years immediately following the death of the Macintosh Portable saw a steady stream of 100 - series PowerBooks .
All of them were heavy , gray slabs with trackballs and and 68030 processors .
Then in May 1994 , Apple introduced the " Blackbird , " the 500 - series PowerBooks .
Of the four 500 - series PowerBooks , the star of the show was unquestionably the PowerBook 540c .
The PowerBook 540 c sported a 33MHz 68LC040 CPU ( the first Apple laptop to use that particular CPU ) , 4MB of RAM ( expandable to 12MB ) , and a 320 MB hard drive .
The display was a 16 - bit active - matrix 9.5 " color display that really popped .
The 540c ( and its siblings the 520 , 520c , and 540 ) was the first to include a trackpad and built - in Ethernet .
It could even be upgraded to a PowerPC CPU via a daughtercard .
Other highlights included the ability to handle two NiMH batteries for five hours of battery life , an internal modem , and support for early PC Cards via an expansion bay cage .
Perhaps the best thing about the 540c is that it felt fast .
Unlike other PowerBooks of the early 1990s , one did n't feel hobbled by the hardware .
The 540c arrived at the dawn of the Power Macintosh era , but its contemporary the Power Mac 6100 / 60 hardly felt like a speed demon with its 60 MHz PPC 601 CPU .
The 540c was Apple 's last top - of - the line 680x0 laptop as the company would migrate the PowerBook lineup to the PowerPC architecture within a couple of years .
The PowerBook era
PowerBook G3 250MHz ( Wallstreet )
Although Apple introduced its first PowerPC portable in 1995 ( more on the PowerBook 5300 later ) , it was n't until the introduction of the Wallstreet PowerBook G3 in May 1998 that Apple produced a truly distinctive PowerBook .
Wallstreet was n't the first laptop to use the G3 ( PowerPC 750 ) processor — that honor went to the " Kanga " that debuted the previous November — but it was the first to be designed from the ground up for the G3 .
Wallstreet introduced the build - to - order model for Apple laptops , having a multitude of different configuration options to fit the budget .
The 233MHz model included 32 MB of RAM and a 12.1 " 800x600 color display for $ 2,299 ( sans floppy , modem , and L2 cache ) ; the 292MHz model offered 64MB of RAM and a 14.1 " display for a cool $ 5,599 .
The price - to - performance sweet spot was the 250MHz model with a 1024x768 13.3 " display for $ 3,899 .
Wallstreet offered all sorts of expandability via expansion bays , two Card Bus- compatible PC card slots , and even S - video out on the 13.3 " and 14.1 " models .
The 233MHz machine was a bit of a stinker with its lack of L2 cache , but the 250MHz and 292MHz models were solid performers .
The Wallstreet also has the distinction of being the oldest Apple laptop capable of booting into Mac OS X .
Aboriginals believe in … [ a ] “ dreamtime ” , more real than reality itself .
Whatever happens in the dreamtime establishes the values , symbols , and laws of Aboriginal society . …
[ It ] is also often used to refer to an individual ’s or group ’s set of beliefs or spirituality . …
It is a complex network of knowledge , faith , and practices that derive from stories of creation .
Wikipedia .
We will soon enter an era where most anyone can at any time talk directly with most anyone else who can talk .
Cheap global talk and travel continue to tie our global economy and culture more closely together .
But in the distant future , our descendants will probably have spread out across space , and redesigned their minds and bodies to explode Cambrian - style into a vast space of possible creatures .
If they are free enough to choose where to go and what to become , our distant descendants will fragment into diverse local economies and cultures .
Given a similar freedom of fertility , most of our distant descendants will also live near a subsistence level .
Per -capita wealth has only been rising lately because income has grown faster than population .
But if income only doubled every century , in a million years that would be a factor of 103000 , which seems impossible to achieve with only the 1070 atoms of our galaxy available by then .
Yes we have seen a remarkable demographic transition , wherein richer nations have fewer kids , but we already see contrarian subgroups like Hutterites , Hmongs , or Mormons that grow much faster .
So unless strong central controls prevent it , over the long run such groups will easily grow faster than the economy , making per person income drop to near subsistence levels .
Even so , they will be basically happy in such a world .
Our distant descendants will also likely have hit diminishing returns to discovery ; by then most everything worth knowing will be known by many ; truly new and important discoveries will be quite rare .
Complete introspection will be feasible , and immortality will be available to the few who can afford it .
Wild nature will be mostly gone , and universal coordination and destruction will both be far harder than today .
So what will these distant descendants think of their ancestors ?
They will find much in common with our distant hunting ancestors , who also continued for ages at near subsistence level in a vast fragmented world with slow growth amid rare slow contact with strange distant cultures .
While those ancestors were quite ignorant about their world , and immersed in a vast wild nature instead of a vast space of people , their behavior was still pretty well adapted to the world they lived in .
While they suffered many misconceptions , those illusions rarely made them much worse off ; their behavior was usually adaptive .
When our distant descendants think about our era , however , differences will loom larger .
Yes they will see that we were more like them in knowing more things , and in having less contact with a wild nature .
But our brief period of very rapid growth and discovery and our globally integrated economy and culture will be quite foreign to them .
Yet even these differences will pale relative to one huge difference : our lives are far more dominated by consequential delusions : wildly false beliefs and non-adaptive values that matter .
While our descendants may explore delusion - dominated virtual realities , they will well understand that such things cannot be real , and do n’t much influence history .
In contrast , we live in the brief but important “ dreamtime ” when delusions drove history .
Our descendants will remember our era as the one where the human capacity to sincerely believe crazy non-adaptive things , and act on those beliefs , was dialed to the max .
Why is our era so delusory ?
Our knowledge has been growing so fast , and bringing such radical changes , that many of us see anything as possible , so that nothing can really be labeled delusion .
Rich folks like us have larger buffers of wealth to cushion our mistakes ; we can live happily and long even while acting on crazy beliefs .
We humans evolved to signal various features of ourselves to one another via delusions ; we usually think that the various things we do to signal are done for other reasons .
For example , we think we pay for docs to help our loved ones get well , rather than to show that we care .
We think we do politics because we want to help our nation , rather than to signal our character and loyalty .
We are overconfident in our abilities in order to convince others to have confidence in us , and so on .
But while our ancestors ’ delusions were well adapted to their situations , and so did n’t hurt them much , the same delusions are not nearly as adapted to our rapidly changing world ; our signaling induced delusions hurt us more .
Humans seem to have evolved to emphasize signaling more in good times than in bad .
Since very few physical investments last very long , the main investments one can make in good times that last until bad times are allies and reputation .
So we are built to , in good times , spend more time and energy on leisure , medicine , charity , morals , patriotism , and so on .
Relative to our ancestors ’ world , our whole era is one big very good time .
Our minds were built with a near mode designed more for practical concrete reasoning about things up close , and a far mode designed more for presenting a good image to others via our abstract reasoning about things far away .
But our minds must now deal with a much larger world where many relevant things are much further away , and abstract reasoning is more useful .
So we rely more than did our ancestors on that abstract far mode capability .
But since that far mode was tuned more for presenting a good image , it is much more tolerant of good - looking delusions .
Tech now enables more exposure to mood - altering drugs and arts , and specialists make them into especially potent “ super- stimuli . ”
Our ancestors used drugs and went into art appreciation mode rarely , e.g. , around the campfire listening to stories or music , or watching dances .
Since such contexts were relatively safe places , our drug and art appreciation modes are relatively tolerant of delusions .
But today drugs are cheap , we can hear music all the time , most surfaces are covered by art , and we spend much of our day with stories from TV , video games , etc .
And all that art is made by organized groups of specialists far better than the typical ancestral artist .
We were built to be influenced by the rhetoric , eloquence , difficulty , drama , and repetition of arguments , not just their logic .
Perhaps this once helped us to ally us with high status folks .
And we were built to show our ideals via the stories we like , and also to like well - crafted stories .
But today we are exposed to arguments and stories by folks far more expert than found in ancestral tribes .
Since we are built to be quite awed and persuaded by such displays , our beliefs and ideals are highly influenced by our writers and story - tellers .
And these folks in turn tell us what we want to hear , or what their patrons want us to hear , neither of which need have much to do with reality .
These factors combine to make our era the most consistently and consequentially deluded and unadaptive of any era ever .
When they remember us , our distant descendants will be shake their heads at the demographic transition , where we each took far less than full advantage of the reproductive opportunities our wealth offered .
They will note how we instead spent our wealth to buy products we saw in ads that talked mostly about the sort of folks who buy them .
They will lament our obsession with super - stimili that highjacked our evolved heuristics to give us taste without nutrition .
They will note we spent vast sums on things that did n’t actually help on the margin , such as on medicine that did n’t make us healthier , or education that did n’t make us more productive .
Our descendants will also remember our adolescent and extreme mating patterns , our extreme gender personalities , and our unprecedentedly fierce warriors .
They will be amazed at the strange religious , political , and social beliefs we acted on , and how we preferred a political system , democracy , designed to emphasize the hardly - considered fleeting delusory thoughts of the median voter rather than the considered opinions of our best experts .
Perhaps most important , our descendants may remember how history hung by a precarious thread on a few crucial coordination choices that our highly integrated rapidly changing world did or might have allowed us to achieve , and the strange delusions that influenced such choices .
These choices might have been about global warming , rampaging robots , nuclear weapons , bioterror , etc .
Our delusions may have led us to do something quite wonderful , or quite horrible , that permanently changed the options available to our descendants .
This would be the most lasting legacy of this , our explosively growing dream time , when what was once adaptive behavior with mostly harmless delusions become strange and dreamy unadaptive behavior , before adaptation again reasserted a clear - headed relation between behavior and reality .
Our dreamtime will be a time of legend , a favorite setting for grand fiction , when low - delusion heroes and the strange rich clowns around them could most plausibly have changed the course of history .
Perhaps most dramatic will be tragedies about dreamtime advocates who could foresee and were horrified by the coming slow stable adaptive eons , and tried passionately , but unsuccessfully , to prevent them .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Lawrence , Kansas – Mr. Timmons , a second grade teacher at Truman Elementary , thought he could turn the hoax about a young boy being trapped in a homemade balloon into a great teaching moment for his class .
However , a slight miscalculation left Sarah Murphy , 6 , floating across Kansas for nearly three hours .
First , in the classroom Mr. Timmons taught his students why balloons filled with helium float , and then explained how much helium it would take to lift a person .
" Bringing current events into the classroom is a great way to get kids to pay attention , " said Mr. Timmons .
" They all knew about the Falcon Heene story , so this was a great opportunity . "
Mr. Timmons had made a homemade balloon which he brought into school for a demonstration .
" I took the kids out onto the playground , and showed them how it could n't lift any of them .
Unfortunately , Sarah was a lot lighter than I thought and the balloon carried her away while I was dealing with some troublemakers , " said Timmons .
Timmons calls to police , National Guard , airports and media were all ignored as they thought it was all another hoax .
" You know how much they spent in Colorado on that balloon boy thing " said Lawrence Police Chief Ed Mullins .
" I feel bad about this whole thing , but thankfully no one got hurt . "
Related News New Legislation Would Ban Urban Legends Ballmer Admits Vista the Biggest Practical Joke He 's Ever Pulled Pedestrian Hacker Group Releases Crosswalk Button Hacks
Sarah traveled about twenty miles away and landed in a field north of the school .
She only suffered a few minor bumps and bruises from the landing .
" I was scared at first , but then I fell asleep , " said the blond - haired , blue - eyed Murphy .
" I got to eat a brownie and some juice when it was all over and I like turtles . "
Timmons said he would avoid bringing current events into the classroom in the future .
" I learned my lesson , " he said .
" I 'll put that experiment on how much dynamite it would take to put a desk in orbit on hold . "
Story Options : Related Share Print
As we reported in June , ASCAP believes that when your cell phone 's musical ringtone sounds in a public place , you 're infringing copyright .
A federal court yesterday firmly rejected that argument , ruling that " when a ringtone plays on a cellular telephone , even when that occurs in public , the user is exempt from copyright liability , and [ the cellular carrier ] is not liable either secondarily or directly . "
This is exactly the outcome urged by EFF , Public Knowledge , and the Center for Democracy & Technology in an amicus brief filed in the case .
The ruling is an important victory for consumers , making it clear that playing music in public , when done without any commercial purpose , does not infringe copyright .
That 's thanks to Section 110 ( 4 ) of the Copyright Act , which exempts public performances undertaken " without any purpose of direct or indirect commercial advantage . "
In the words of the court , " customers do not play ringtones with any expectation of profit . "
This ruling should also protect consumers who roll down their car windows with the radio on , who take a radio to the beach , or who sing " Happy Birthday " to their children in a public park ( remember , ASCAP once demanded royalties from Girl Scouts for singing around the camp fire ! ) .
The court also found that cell phone carriers do not publicly perform when they download a ringtone to a phone ( the carriers already pay 24 cents in royalties for the reproduction of the ringtone , but ASCAP was hoping to double dip by charging a public performance royalty on top of that ) .
This is another important ruling , expanding on a 2007 ruling that also concluded that a download is not a public performance .
The court reasoned that because the download was transmitted to just one person , it was not a " public " performance .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/06/2009
Video : Donald ducks into ' Yes on 1 ' stable
by Jeremy Hooper
Last week we told you all about Donald Mendell , the guidance counselor who has a history of opposing gays in the Pine Tree State , claiming that gays " ridicule tradition and belief in natural law " and that their marriages constitute " a change that strikes to the heart of the Sacraments . "
So with " charming " rhetoric like that , it was of course only a matter of time before " Yes on 1 " tapped him to be their latest spokesperson :
Love how Mr. Mendell says " this Maine teacher is a gay activist " ( in reference to his co-worker at his very own school , by the way ) as if he 's a mere layman .
It would seem that those who live in glass political ads should n't throw " activist " stones !
More to come on this ...
** UPDATE : Here 's the full Robert Skutch interview .
If you listen with open ears , you might not find it as scary as Stand For Marriage Maine wants it to seem :
* Source : Here & Now , 5/3/05
** UPDATE2 : It 's completely absurd for them to turn to the Alameda Unified School District 's Safe Schools curriculum as if it has anything to do with marriage equality !
They do remember that they took away our right to marry in CA , right ?!
They should , considering that they are now using many of the same players ( NOM , Schubert Flint , etc ) on the Maine campaign !
Conversations about this kind of curriculum are due to the fact that gay people exist !
And guess what ?
THAT IS GOING TO BE THE CASE WITH OR WITHOUT MARRIAGE EQUALITY ( even though the ' with ' is obviously inevitable ) !
** UPDATE3 : Since they will surely turn off the ratings and comments within a few hours ( as they 've done with all of their YouTube vids ) , we wanted to show you how it 's looking for them right now :
Your thoughts
Thank you for mentioning that Prop 8 actually WON in California , yet had nothing to do with changes in School curriculum .
Since I live in CA and sat thru all the disgusting Prop 8 ads like these , it drives me crazy when I hear them use California scare tactics .
So lame .
Bringing up California actually proves that voting on civil marriage rights has nothing to do with what is taught in schools .
Posted by : remix | Oct 6 , 2009 1:54:50 PM
A few days ago , Jeremy had a link to a Sean Chapin video about the difference between understanding something and accepting it .
Building on that , if we were to follow the anti-gays ' rhetoric , that means that my high school indoctrinated me to believe in ethnic cleansing .
What Social Studies teacher in the 1990s * would n't* bring up the tragedies of Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia ?
But according to these people 's logic , I learnt about it , therefore I have been forced to accept it .
And today I ask , what responsible Social Studies teacher * would n 't* talk about marriage equality ?
Not because they 're trying to brainwash their students , but because it 's topical and directly related to how our government works !
Also , if New Hampshire holds on to gay marriage , that means that 100 % of the land surrounding Maine will be gay - marriage - friendly .
Are we to expect that Maine will retract the scope of the public schools to extend no further than the state borders ?
Do these people even think about what they 're saying ?
They make my head hurt .
Posted by : DN | Oct 6 , 2009 3:52:26 PM
phhhhht . . . let me know if you have any interest in the comment screencaps before the takedown , if nothing else it 's a funny read .
Posted by : Jon | Oct 6 , 2009 4:05:01 PM
Wo n't somebody please think of the children ?????!!!!!?????
Posted by : Brian | Oct 6 , 2009 4:54:32 PM
Adding comments has been disabled for this video .
And no ratings either .
Such thin skins !
Posted by : John Ozed | Oct 6 , 2009 6:15:21 PM
I had a conversation with a woman who knew the teacher in the ' No on 1 ' ad .
She said she had been surprised to see her in the commercial because the teacher had n't been that out - spoken on the issue of gay marriage .
When she asked her about it , the teacher said her primary motivation was the slur to / misinformation about the educational system , and the teachers and schools .
If that guy is in the same school , I think he better watch out .
Posted by : ColdCountry | Oct 6 , 2009 7:22:23 PM
By the way , I love how , even though the comments were deleted and disabled on the YouTube page , you can still see them all on the old ' view all comments ' page at this link :
http://www.youtube.com/comment_servlet?all_comments&v=Izj7bCUE2Hg&fromurl=/watch%3Fv%3DIzj7bCUE2Hg%26feature%3Dplayer_embedded
Not sure if the link I provided will make it through here , but the old comments apparently stay live even if they 're deleted .
Posted by : remix | Oct 6 , 2009 7:57:14 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
It started out innocently enough .
A bipedal lizard that shot eggs out of his mouth wanted nothing more than to be a girl , so he wore a bow on top of his head .
According to the instruction book for Super Mario Bros. 2 , released in 1988 , the mini-boss Birdo " thinks he is a girl and spits eggs from his mouth .
He 'd rather be called ' Birdetta . ' "
It seems like a harmless distinction , but this simple act of cross - dressing was soon erased from the history books .
In all subsequent Mario releases , Birdo is referred to as a female , completely ignoring his gender confused roots .
Birdo is n't alone , though .
He 's just one of a long line of Japanese videogame characters forced to hide their true sexual identity when their games are localized for a North American audience .
While Japanese gamers have been exposed to characters of various sexual orientations , the practice is only just starting to catch on in the West .
In the past , games have been changed or censored if they contained such content .
Some were never released in America at all .
That 's largely due to the way the two different cultures view sexuality .
North American viewers tend to be bombarded with violent imagery , while depictions of sexuality - especially involving lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender ( LGBT ) people - raises more eyebrows than anything else .
A poll conducted by family gaming site What They Play in April 2008 offers further evidence of this aversion to homosexuality in media :
When shown a series of provocative pictures , respondents were more offended by the image of two men kissing then that of a severed head .
Meanwhile , in Japan , many of these taboo issues are commonplace in popular media .
In fact , there 's an entire sub - genre of anime and manga called " yaoi " that focuses on homoerotic male relationships .
These books and shows , also commonly referred to as " boy 's love , " are generally created by female authors for female readers , while " bara , " or " men 's love , " is written by gay men for a gay audience .
While many Americans would rather witness a decapitation than see boys kissing , Japanese bookshelves are full of this sort of material .
So it should n't be all that surprising that early games like SMB2 were subject to such censorship .
If parents in North America felt squeamish about homosexuality in 2008 , imagine what it was like two decades earlier .
Publishers had no qualms changing characters , halting games from release and generally doing as much as they could to keep the American youth from witnessing any girl - on - girl or boy - on - boy action .
NEARLY one in five deaths in rich countries is caused by smoking , according to new data released this week by the World Health Organisation .
In 2004 , the latest year for which data are available , tobacco use killed an estimated 5.1 m people worldwide , or one in every eight deaths of adults aged 30 and over .
Residents of richer countries are suffering more now because they have been smoking longer : cancers and chronic respiratory diseases caused by tobacco use take a long time to develop .
Deaths in poor countries , where many more people have taken on rich - world smoking habits in recent decades , are predicted to rise dramatically in the next 20 years .
Shutterstock
In the original version of this map , France was coloured in the wrong key .
Sorry .
This was corrected on Friday October 30th .
Movienizer 10.3 .
Organize Your Movie Collection
Movienizer™ is a powerful movie organizer that contains features of an encyclopedia .
It was developed by movie lovers specially for movie lovers .
Bringing your movie collection under control
If you use Movienizer , the movie catalog program , you will always know where on your shelf or on your hard drive a particular movie can be found , what audio tracks , subtitles and other parameters it has .
A sensible film synopsis along with the list of actors and with the movie cover will be a bonus .
Memories about the movie
After adding a movie to Movienizer you will always remember if you have already watched it , what the movie is about and how much you liked it .
A glance at the movie description and shots from the film will suffice .
Shots can be added automatically from the corresponding file or DVD .
Movienizer can store your own movie rating , as well as ratings of online movie databases ( like IMDb ) .
You are a movie expert
Thanks to Movienizer you will know everything about the world of movies .
Learn what awards were given to the film , its budget , what people were starring in it .
Find out at what age the actors played in the movie , when they were born , in what other films they participated .
Prepare yourself to be called a " walking encyclopedia " .
Create a movie catalog
You can create an illustrated movie catalog for media players : Dune , Popcorn , WDTV and Google TV .
Where did I see this actor ?..
In a few seconds you will learn everything about the movie or the actor that you find interesting .
The film cataloger will automatically perform an Internet search and download necessary information ( movie synopsis , movie cover , movie rating , movie awards , gross , shots , filmography ) .
All of this will be saved in the local film database , and you will be able to remember instantly in which movie a favorite actor played , or to review a movie description .
And if Wall Street dices up and securitizes life insurance policies , like they did with mortgages , who will be responsible to pay a Life Insurance claim ?
Could we see life insurance bankruptcies erupt at the very time the boomers claims become due ?
How many ways could seniors be manipulated to die sooner ?
How many would have to die to insure a large return ?
Appalling as these questions are , I believe they must be asked .
Indeed , what is good for Wall Street could be bad for the insurance industry , and perhaps for customers , too .
That is because policyholders often let their life insurance lapse before they die , for a variety of reasons — their children grow up and no longer need the financial protection , or the premiums become too expensive .
When that happens , the insurer does not have to make a payout .
But if a policy is purchased and packaged into a security , investors will keep paying the premiums that might have been abandoned ; as a result , more policies will stay in force , ensuring more payouts over time and less money for the insurance companies .
ibid , nytimes
DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSIONS
There is a growing demand for a long - term hedge against improving annuity mortality .
We have shown how innovation in swaps and bond contracts can provide new securities which can provide the hedge insurers need .
http://www.allbusiness.com/...
Swaps
The same cash flows , [ B.sub.t ] to the insurer and [ D.sub.t ] to the bondholders , can be arranged with swap agreements and no principal payment at time T .
ibid , allbusiness.com
Yes , there will be Hedge Funds that will make new fortunes Betting on our Lives !
HOW GOOD IS THE HEDGE ?
We point out that , given the distribution of survivors , there is very little variance in the cash flows .
ibid , allbusiness
I have a hard time seeing the words Hedge and Swap used when the product is a life insurance policy .
Our life span and death date will be packaged in swaps and insurers offering bonds to investors .
It is deja vu Mortgage Default Swaps , only lives , not homes will be the foundation for the Wall Street traders .
But , you can't reposses a life !
MetLife could be the next IndyBank if I understand this Wall Street scheme to bet on our very lives .
For a list of failed banks you can go here .
They failed because of the Wall Street Housing Bubble :
http://www.fdic.gov/...
If you are not repulsed yet , perhaps you do n't quite understand the potential here .
This example might help raise your ire and concern :
Tricky Predictions - I
In addition to fraud , there is another potential risk for investors : that some people could live far longer than expected .
It is not just a hypothetical risk .
That is what happened in the 1980s , when new treatments prolonged the life of AIDS patients .
Investors who bought their policies on the expectation that the most victims would die within two years ended up losing money .
Or this :
Tricky Predictions - II
That is because if too many people with leukemia are in the securitization portfolio , and a cure is developed , the value of the bond would plummet .
ibid , nytimes
The designers even have some reservations :
Thus , we see how to set up a longevity risk bond contract for which the longevity risk over T years is passed to the capital market almost completely .
Of course , the price of the mortality bond is yet to be addressed .
And we need to see how likely it is that some payments will be covered .
That is , how good is the insurance coverage ?
Or from the investor 's perspective , how likely is it that they will miss a coupon ?
ibid , allbusiness
There are critics .
I find this reassuring .
The elderly will be offered a " life settlement " not unlike reverse mortgages .
A pay out at a much lower return than the policy value the consumer signed up and paid for , sometimes for decades .
Once the life settlement is paid to the insured , the investors own the policy and its eventual benefit payment at the full value of the policy , their profit .
Critics of life settlements believe “ this defeats the idea of what life insurance is supposed to be , ” said Steven Weisbart , senior vice president and chief economist for the Insurance Information Institute , a trade group .
“ It ’s not an investment product , a gambling product . ”
In 2006 , while he was New York attorney general , Eliot Spitzer sued Coventry , one of the largest life settlement companies , accusing it of engaging in bid -rigging with rivals to keep down prices offered to people who wanted to sell their policies .
The case is continuing .
“ Predators in the life settlement market have the motive , means and , if left unchecked by legislators and regulators and by their own community , the opportunity to take advantage of seniors , ” Stephan Leimberg , co-author of a book on life settlements , testified at a Senate Special Committee on Aging last April .
http://www.nytimes.com/...
Once a large pool of policies are purchased by investors via " life settlement " payments to the original insureds , they can be bundled , swapped , insured , hedged , and all the other creative mechanisms that were applied to mortgages .
Hence , the potential for a future Life Insurance Bubble bursting .
Betting on our lives will help Wall Street recover from their housing losses .
Really ?
And Congress is going to allow this ?
But even if a small fraction of policy holders do sell them , some in the industry predict the market could reach $ 500 billion .
That would help Wall Street offset the loss of revenue from the collapse of the United States residential mortgage securities market , to $ 169 billion so far this year from a peak of $ 941 billion in 2005 , according to Dealogic , a firm that tracks financial data .
ibid , nytimes
Hedging on Whether We Live or Die .
Can anyone else see our risk at the hands of these gamblers ?
Goldman Sachs has developed a tradable index of life settlements , enabling investors to bet on whether people will live longer than expected or die sooner than planned .
The index is similar to tradable stock market indices that allow investors to bet on the overall direction of the market without buying stocks .
Spokesmen for Goldman Sachs refused to comment .
ibid , nytimes
Mathematicians to the Rescue , AGAIN .
Quant models will be used .
Spreading the Risk
To help understand how to manage these risks , Ms. Tillwitz and her colleague Jan Buckler — a mathematics whiz with a Ph.D. in nuclear engineering — traveled the world visiting firms that handle life settlements .
“ We do not want to rate a deal that blows up , ” Ms. Tillwitz said .
The solution ?
A bond made up of life settlements would ideally have policies from people with a range of diseases — leukemia , lung cancer , heart disease , breast cancer , diabetes , Alzheimer’s .
That is because if too many people with leukemia are in the securitization portfolio , and a cure is developed , the value of the bond would plummet .
ibid , nytimes
THE NEXT BUBBLE : Gambling on Our Lives and Deaths
btw , it is estimated that , if this is launched , the cost for life insurance will increase , too .
Like houses did !
Also , it sounds like this may be done already with our property insurance .
This is the same reaction investors have had to the so - called " catastrophe bonds " based on portfolios of property insurance
.
ibid , allbusiness
Could this help explain the problems of payouts when one area experiences huge losses due to a castastrophe ?
Presently
The only pure mortality deal is the Swiss Re mortality bond issued in December 2003 .
MorganStanley 's announcement describes this as a 1 in 25 year event ( MorganStanley , 2003 )
.
ibid , allbusines
MAKE CONGRESS AND THE SEC STOP THIS HEINOUS PLAN to allow the Banksters bet on our lives .
BRIDLINGTON , England
IT was a brilliantly sunny autumn day in East Yorkshire , and the artist David Hockney was taking me for a drive through the countryside .
“ What it is I ’m going to show you is an alleyway of trees , ” he said in his gruff Yorkshire burr as he turned his open - topped Audi roadster off the one - lane road into an even narrower byway bordered by swaying beech , sycamore and ash trees .
“ When I moved up here , I recognized this is really very rare and beautiful . ”
Because Mr. Hockney has been going deaf since his early 40s , he tends toward opinionated monologues , often delivered as he gesticulates with a cigarette .
But at 72 , even with hearing aids in both ears , he remains lively , gregarious and enthusiastic  especially when it comes to looking at the world , thinking about the world and making art out of what he sees .
As we drew close to the trees , he fretted over the sun ’s position .
“ The lighting is made for going the other way , ” he complained .
Then he slowed down so we had time to appreciate each tree individually , and began issuing orders about how to look .
“ Watch ! ” he called out .
“ The ash tree now comes in  look at the shape of it !
And now then on the right , another tree .
There ’s a point where each one stands on its own .
There .
Now .
It ’s surrounded by sky .
Now the next one , and it stands on its own .
You see ? ”
It was as though he were giving director ’s notes .
Typhoon Mirinae smashed through the Philippines overnight , killing 11 people and worsening floods in areas that were struggling to recover from recent deadly storms , officials said .
The typhoon , packing winds of up to 185 kilometres an hour , was the third major storm to hit the Philippines ' main island of Luzon in just five weeks , with the previous two claiming more than 1,100 lives .
In Manila , areas that have been flooded since Tropical Storm Ketsana struck in late September were hit with more heavy rain , while residents in other districts were forced onto their roofs to escape rising waters .
" We need help because the waters have risen , " the Mayor of Santa Cruz , Ariel Magcales , said .
" We need rubber boats and choppers .
" Some people are on the roofs of their houses . "
Military and police rescue boats worked to save people who were trapped by a flash flood , officials said .
One man was found dead and his one - year - old baby was missing after they were washed away while trying to cross an overflowing creek in a rural area on the outskirts of Manila , the military said .
Three people were reported dead and five others were missing in Laguna province just south of Manila , the local disaster monitoring office said .
Seven people died in the Bicol region , south of Manila , mostly from flash floods , local disaster monitoring officials said .
Another man was missing from a Manila slum district after his hut was washed away , while two others were missing in Batangas province south of Manila after their car fell into a river when a bridge collapsed , civil defence spokesman Ernesto Torres said .
However , Mr Torres said more than 115,000 people had been evacuated from vulnerable regions before the typhoon hit , which likely prevented more deaths .
The typhoon caused power outages and knocked down trees across many areas of Manila , a sprawling city of 12 million people .
It also forced flights to be suspended on Saturday morning from Manila 's international airport .
Ferries , a popular form of transport in the south - east Asian archipelago , were also cancelled , ruining travel plans for many who were hoping to head to their hometowns for the All Saints '
Day long - weekend public holiday .
- AFP
Many thousands of Darfuri refugees still live in camps - many in Chad Hybrid courts with Sudanese and foreign judges should investigate violence in Sudan 's Darfur region , a report by ex-South Africa leader Thabo Mbeki says .
The report , commissioned by the African Union , says the Khartoum government - widely held responsible for the abuses - should help choose the judges .
African leaders are considering the report at a meeting in Abuja , Nigeria .
The UN says some 300,000 people were killed in Darfur 's six - year conflict .
Khartoum says about 10,000 died .
Violence flared in Darfur in 2003 when black African rebel groups took up arms against the government in Khartoum , complaining of discrimination and neglect .
DARFUR CONFLICT 300,000 died , 2.7 million homeless Black African rebels say they face discrimination Government denies mobilising Arab militias
Dancing Bashir scoffs at warrant
In pictures : Sudan defiant Q&A : Sudan 's Darfur conflict Pro-government Arab militias then started a campaign of violence , targeting the black African population .
Sudan President Omar al - Bashir is the subject of an arrest warrant issued by the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) over claims he backed the militias - allegations he denies .
The Nigerian government invited him to attend Thursday 's meeting in Abuja , sparking outrage among rights groups who called for him to be arrested if he made an appearance .
It is understood he opted not to attend the meeting , Sudan instead being represented by Vice - President Ali Osman Mohamed Taha .
He is among the leaders considering the findings of Mr Mbeki 's team .
' Deep vision '
The BBC's Africa analyst Martin Plaut says the 148 - page report is written in diplomatic language , but it still makes clear that previous attempts to deal with justice in Darfur have made little progress .
ANALYSIS Martin Plaut
BBC Africa analyst
The process of delegating which judges would sit on the courts will be decided by the AU " in consultation with the government of Sudan " .
And here lies the difficulty .
What will happen if the African Union and the Sudanese government do not see eye to eye with each other on the composition or working of these courts ?
The government in Khartoum has years of experience in dealing with outside pressure and international diplomats have long complained of its ability to clog up any process with which it does not agree .
The key question - therefore - will be the degree to which President Bashir supports the Mbeki suggestion for a hybrid court .
Neither the special courts established by the Sudanese government nor the ICC warrant are considered to have contributed to peace .
Instead the panel recommends setting up a special hybrid court comprised of Sudanese judges and other judges selected by the African Union .
They would sit together to try some of the most serious cases of human rights abuse in Darfur .
But our reporter says giving the Khartoum government a say in who the judges are means the key issue is whether Mr Bashir is willing to support Mr Mbeki 's proposals .
Mr Taha said Khartoum approves of the " deep vision " contained in the report " about elections being held all over Sudan , especially Darfur " .
But he said the hybrid courts would set a precedent for all other disputes in Africa and so needed to be discussed further .
" Recommendations that need further dialogue include the establishment of a new justice mechanism , " Reuters news agency quoted him as saying .
" That needs closer scrutiny [ to see ] if it is in line with the constitution . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Weather forecasts for Boston and its nearby suburbs ...
To discuss the topics of this podcast leave comments here
DOWNLOAD / Play : 128k ( 59 MB ) ( save mp3 by right - clicking and selecting " save target as " or something similar )
Click the icon below to begin playing the show instantly :
Want to hear more ?
Listen to other BSA podcast radio shows or subscribe via FeedBurner .
If you really want to help us out , add a widget featuring our podcast to your web pages !
Examples of Weasel Words :
" FREE . . " ( a wholly abused term which has essentially found a new , perverse meaning which usually resolves to " free provisionally / with conditions " )
"..can/may / could .. " ( suggesting something MAY or may not be possible , as opposed to " will " )
" .. up to .. " " .. in as little as .. " ( suggesting some results MAY happen in a certain circumstance , but with no actual guarantee )
" People say ... "
( Which people ?
How do they know ? )
" It has been claimed that ... "
( By whom , where , when ? )
" Critics claim ... "
( Which critics ? )
" ... may help ... "
( Might help , then again , might be completely useless , even counterproductive )
" Clearly ... "
( As if the premise is undeniably true )
" It stands to reason that ... "
( Again , as if the premise is undeniably true - see " Clearly " above )
" Questions have been raised ... "
( Implies a fatal flaw has been discovered )
" I heard that ... "
( Who told you ?
Is the source reliable ? )
" There is evidence that ... "
( What evidence ?
Is the source reliable ? )
" Experience shows that ... "
( Whose experience ?
What was the experience ?
How does it demonstrate this ? )
" It has been mentioned that ... "
( Who are these mentioners ?
Can they be trusted ? )
" Popular wisdom has it that ... "
( Is popular wisdom a test of truth ? )
" Commonsense has it / insists that ... "
( The common sense of whom ?
Who says so ?
See " Popular wisdom " above , and " It is known that " below )
" It is known that ... "
( By whom and by what method is it known ? )
" Officially known as ... "
( By whom , where , when - who says so ? )
" It turns out that ... "
( How does it turn out ? )
" It was noted that ... "
( A commonly used start of a line by Auditors with poor workpapers or little evidence )
" Our product is so good , it was even given away in celebrity gift bags . "
( True , perhaps , but not relevant . )
" See why more of our trucks are sold in Southern California than in any other part of the country . "
( Southern California is a big vehicle market . )
" Nobody else 's product is better than ours . "
( What is the evidence of this ? )
" Studies show ... " ( what studies ? )
" ( The phenomenon ) came to be seen as ... " ( by whom ? )
" Some argue ... " ( who ? )
" Up to sixty percent ... " ( so , 59 % ? 50 % ? 10 % ? )
" More than seventy percent ... ( How many more ?
80 %? 90 % ? )
" The vast majority ... "
( All , almost all , more than half - how many ? )
Bitte beachten Sie , dass unsere Lieferzeiten je nach Material und Verfügbarkeit zwischen 3 und 10 Wochen variieren .
Bestellsen
Sie daher so frühzeitig wie möglich und lehnen Sie sich zurück !
Unser Direktimport bei hochwertigen Lieferwerken weltweit verspricht günstige Preise und das Ausschalten von weiteren Zwischenhändlern .
Unser Auftrags - Team kümmert sich um die Logistik , damit die von Ihnen gewählten Materialien zeitgerecht zu Ihrem Projekt zugestellt werden können .
Vincent Cable
Politics needs fixing .
Trust in politicians and politics is at an all time low .
The public are , rightly , demanding change and the Liberal Democrats have led the way in calling for a series of measures – reform of the House of Lords and party funding , fixed term parliaments , enabling legislation for a referendum on electoral reform , to name but three – in a bid to restore faith in our political system .
In my view , one of the biggest institutional weaknesses in the government 's management of the economy is the total lack of parliamentary involvement in the governmental allocation of funds , before a penny is spent .
At present , tax is scrutinised in detail but spending choices are entirely a matter for the executive .
There is of course the National Audit Office but their oversight of spending is limited , selective and retrospective .
Line by line approval of spending commitments ( and cuts ) would concentrate the minds of legislators in a way which is currently missing in the opaque processes of Whitehall .
Public spending is going to dominate the political agenda for the foreseeable future .
Making the process open and transparent would go a long way to fixing politics and restoring the public 's faith in the system .
Jo Swinson MP Photograph : Guardian
Jo Swinson
Involve people .
The public 's disengagement with politics is both a symptom and a cause of our broken politics .
To break the vicious cycle , we need a radical shake - up of how the voting public can take part in democracy .
It should no longer be just about casting a vote every couple of years , and leaving the rest up to those elected – fixing politics can't be left to the politicians .
We must encourage much wider involvement , through a citizen 's convention to recommend big changes to our political system .
We should build on the pioneering work of initiatives like theyworkforyou.com , to help people know and understand what is going on .
The arcane Westminster culture that seeks to place barriers between MPs and the public must be challenged : why , in 2009 , does the House of Commons still not allow clips of Parliament to be shown and shared on YouTube and other sites ?
We should implement the idea put forward by Parmjit Dhanda in his hustings for the Speakership , to let the public have a say over what gets discussed in Parliament , for example by voting on the subject of each week 's topical debate .
Most of all , there should be a concerted effort from all involved in politics ( and ideally also from the media ) to encourage people to get involved .
By harnessing people 's genuine interest in political issues , we can reinvigorate our broken politics .
Norman Baker MP Photograph : Guardian
Norman Baker
We need to implement three key reforms .
First , we need greater transparency .
We must extend the scope of the Freedom of Information Act .
That might prove unpopular with many MPs – only eight months ago , the government was trying to claim that MPs should be exempt from the act altogether – but it is absolutely necessary .
We need to end the present culture which allows for far too many government exemptions , and we must increase the level of funding we give to the Information Commissioner .
Second , we need greater accountability .
There are some significant changes that must be made to our parliamentary system .
We need to change our archaic voting system so that it better represents what people really want , and reform the Lords , as the Lib Dems have been advocating for years .
Key changes must be made inside Westminster as well .
Some of the traditions that we cling to do nothing to improve accountability .
I believe that if we are to have members of the House of Lords as Secretaries of State , they should be accountable for oral questions in the Commons .
We must also address the government 's lack of respect for Parliamentary Questions – for example , my research indicates that less than 20 % of a random sample of questions asked of the prime minister receive any sort of meaningful response .
Third , we must ensure that anybody who spends public money is subject to transparent external audit .
As far as MPs ' expenses go , all of us must be prepared to accept the recommendations of Sir Christopher Kelly 's report , whatever those may be .
It wo n't be easy to cure the problems that have blighted our political system for so many years , but greater transparency and accountability will put us on the way towards regaining the public 's confidence .
Sunlight really is the best disinfectant .
John Curtice
The MPs ' expenses row is but the latest in a long list of alleged political scandals that began when John Major 's government became mired in sleaze .
Each time the same remedy has been proposed – greater transparency and tighter regulation .
So , for example , political parties and MPs have to report details of the donations they receive , which are published for all to see .
Now a new body has been created to regulate MPs ' finances , while full details of their claims are on the web .
Yet despite repeated applications of the remedy , scandals still erupt and trust is not restored .
The problem with transparency is there is no guarantee the public will like what it sees .
Who thought more highly of Tony Blair because we knew he raised money from wealthy businessmen ?
And the trouble with tighter regulation is that it creates more and more tripwires for MPs to fall over .
Witness the difficulties that befell Peter Hain over his deputy leadership campaign .
MPs need to look at how they behave .
Rarely do political opponents avoid the temptation to cast aspersions when a MP is alleged to have broken some rule .
And so long as politicians constantly treat each other with suspicion , how can they possibly expect the rest of us to trust them ?
The Guardian debate – " How can we fix politics ?
Is this the Liberal Democrats ' hour ? " – at the 2009 Liberal Democrat Party conference will take place on Monday 21 September at 1 pm at the Royal Bath Hotel , with Vincent Cable , Jo Swinson , Norman Baker and John Curtice , chaired by Simon Hoggart
Bart Palaszewski will be part of the card for XFO 32 , set for October 10th in New Munster , Wisconsin .
New Munster is right across the Illinois border .
Bartimus will be fighting for the first time since his loss in April at WEC 40 in Chicago , when he was defeated by Anthony Njokuani by TKO .
The matchups and card will be finalized shortly and we will have that for you here at Chicago ’s MMA .
Location :
Marino ’s Country Aire Banquets
New Munster , WI
Fight night :
Doors open at : 6:30 pm
Show Starts at : 8:00 pm
Ticket prices :
General ( Standing ) : $ 25 in advance / $ 30 day of show
Table Seating : $ 50
Ringside Seating : $ 60
VIP Ringside Seating : $ 75
The owners of Sears Tower in Chicago have installed a glass box viewing platforms which stick out of the building 103 floors up .
The glass balcony is suspended 1,353 feet in the air and jut out four feet from the building 's skydeck .
The boxes jut out four feet from the building and were specifically designed to make visitors feel as if they are floating .
The Skydeck attracts 25,000 visitors on clear days .
They each pay $ 15 to take an elevator ride up to the 103rd floor of the 110 - story office building that opened in 1973 .
The balconies are 10ft high and 10ft wide , can hold five tons , and have glass which is 1.5 inch thick .
Architect Ross Wimer said : ' We did studies that showed a four - foot - deep ( 1.2 metres ) enclosure makes you feel like you 're floating since there 's only room for one row of people , not two . '
John Huston , one of owners of Sears Towers said , " Look at all those tiny things that are usually huge .
I
Felt little queasy the first time i ventured out on to the balcony .
However , after 30 or 40 trips , i got used to it .
The Ledge is the world 's most awesome view , the world 's most precipitous view , the view with the most wow in the world . "
Do you like this article ?
Share It !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Heavy fighting continued overnight between the Nigerian military and members of a radical Islamist sect in the northern town of Maiduguri .
Gunshots could still be heard in the morning as troops searched areas near the home of sect leader Mohammed Yusuf in the capital of Borno state .
At least 150 people in northern Nigeria have been killed in the last four days .
The sect , known as Boko Haram , is blamed for launching attacks on police stations and government buildings .
On Tuesday the army shelled Mohammed Yusuf 's compound , and exchanged heavy gunfire with militants through the night .
President Umaru Yar 'Adua said the army had acted to nip a potentially dangerous problem in the bud .
Nigeria 's ' Taliban ' enigma Eyewitness : Nigeria attacks Fear and tension after attack Nigeria 's security services have been flooding into Maiduguri , the city worst affected by the violence , the BBC's Caroline Duffield reports .
Maj Gen Saleh Maina told the Associated Press news agency that troops were hunting for sect members in homes and a mosque and near the railway station .
He said the operation was being carried out " to prevent further loss of lives and property " .
Civilians were warned to vacate the district but on Wednesday morning women and children were still leaving the area .
Four states in northern Nigeria have been affected by the violence involving Boko Haram - Borno , Bauchi , Kano and Yobe .
The group is alleged to have shot dead or stabbed civilians at random but many of those killed are young men said to belong to the sect .
Boko Haram is against Western education .
It believes Nigeria 's government is being corrupted by Western ideas and wants to see Islamic law imposed across Nigeria .
State of alert Throughout the night , gunshots could be heard from the Doidamgari area of Maiduguri , where Mohammed Yusuf 's home is situated and the Boko Haram has its spiritual headquarters .
Offices and buildings were razed in the violence President Umaru Yar 'Adua ordered Nigeria 's national security agencies to take all necessary action to contain and repel attacks by the extremists .
" These people have been organising , penetrating our societies , procuring arms , learning how to make explosives and bombs to disturb the peace and force abuse on the rest of Nigerians , " he said before departing on a trip to Brazil .
Maiduguri police said 103 had died in the violence in the city , including 90 members of Boko Haram , eight police officers , three prison officials and two soldiers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Outside Maiduguri , there is a heightened state of alert across the northern states .
In Bauchi , scene of the first bloodshed on Sunday , 176 people remain under arrest .
At least 39 people were killed in the violence in Bauchi .
Sharia law is in place across northern Nigeria , but there is no history of al - Qaeda - linked violence in the country .
The country 's 150 million people are split almost equally between Muslims in the north and Christians in the south .
Are you in Nigeria ?
Have you been affected by the clashes ?
Send us your comments .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last year , when Star Wars : The Clone Wars animated tv show debuted on the small screen ( and the big screen as well ) , it was n’t exactly met with the warm welcome that many people were expecting .
Some fans crucifed it for dumbing down the series too much , while others enjoyed the childish humor and annoying battle droids .
Where do I fall in these group of fans ?
I am right , smack - dab , in the middle .
I like the idea of seeing a new Star Wars tale every week , but deep down I know the show really is n’t living up to its true potential .
While the first season of The Clone Wars left much to be desired , and had way too much Jar Jar , I am starting to think that season two is much more promising .
Being a big fan of Star Wars myself , I was finding it hard to really get into any of the episodes since it was pretty light - hearted for the most part .
It never really broke out of that “ Saturday Morning cartoon ” feel .
Luckily , season two has introduced a key component that I think will save the series : more bounty hunters .
Let ’s face it , anybody that will kill a person for a nice wad of cash , no questions asked , is pretty badass .
Even going back to the late , great , original trilogy , we see the most famous bounty hunter , Boba Fett , go out like a punk in the Sarlacc pit…yet he is still cool as hell , but I digress .
The main reason I think this season has taken a nice step - up has to be because of a newcomer known as Cad Bane .
Bane was introduced in the final episode of season one as he was hired to capture Ziro the Hutt from Coruscant .
The episode was pretty interesting , and gave us a good idea of what was to come , because Bane took no crap from anybody .
He has a very “ Old Western ” feel , and I think it works great with the character being rough and quite menacing ; think blue - skinned Clint Eastwood .
Thank God they started off season two with a bang and had him kicking ass and taking names .
One of those names , happens to be a Rodian Jedi , Bolla Ropal ( Greedo from the Mos Eisley Cantina is Rodian ) .
In one of the early season two episodes , while Bane is searching the galaxy for Force - sensitive children , he keeps Ropal tied up , while he demands information .
After Ropal does not give
Bane what he wants , he is subjected to torture until he dies ; that was the exact moment , I knew this season finally went that extra mile .
The Clone Wars was a dark time , and we are finally starting to see a bit of this with actual consequences and the loss of Jedi .
They have hailed season two as “ The Rise of the Bounty Hunters “ , and after seeing just how ruthless one can be , the title is quite fitting .
Let ’s just hope that as the season roles on the stakes become higher , and the hunters become more ruthless .
The director of the series , Dave Filoni has promised more intense situations and better action , and so far I would say that he has delivered .
It seems that we are still going to get those random “ tales ” type episodes , that wander aimlessly for twenty - two minutes , leaving the viewer bored and wanting more ; I would like to call myself an optimist , hoping these episodes are fewer and far between .
The show is insanely popular with children , so there is no convincing needed for that demographic , but I really think that people turned off by season one , should check a new episode out some Friday night on Cartoon Network .
Hell , if this whole Star Wars gig does n’t work out , maybe we will see Cad have his own spin - off … The Good , The Bad , and The Bane .
Posted on by The Author
A Funny Thing Happened On The Way To The 4 Train .
I had just gotten off work and was walking up Broadway to catch the subway home when I realized I did n’t have any cigarettes .
I stopped at a newsstand to see if they had any rolling papers .
I roll my own cigarettes now because , here in NYC , cigarettes cost damn near $ 8.00 a pack , and you ca n’t even smoke them in bars but that ’s another story entirely .
As I ’m standing at the newsstand trying to determine if they sell what I ’m looking for , a rock star looking guy walks up beside me and asks the nice Indian man behind the counter ,
“ Hey bro , you got any magazines that tell me where I can find a good rock ’n ’roll show tonight ? ”
The nice Indian man looks at the rock star blankly as if to say , “ Uh , just look at the magazines and figure it out yourself , tattoo boy . ”
The rock star picks up the latest copy of “ Time Out New York ” which is when I turn to rock star guy and say ,
“ Yeah , that ’s the one you want .
That will tell you what you want to know . ”
He thanked me and began looking through the magazine .
I turned to the nice Indian man behind the counter of the newsstand and asked him if he had any rolling papers .
He said yes and the rock star that was still there flipping through the magazine turns to me and asks ,
“ Hey bro , you need some papers ?
I got some .
You can have some if you want . ”
“ Uh , sure thanks . ” I replied .
“ I really only need one though . ”
The guy reached in his pocket and pulled out a pack of those EZ Double Wide monsters .
You know , the papers that you never have enough of whatever you ’re smoking to require such a mammoth ass rolling paper .
Anyway , I gladly took a paper and pulled out my little pouch of tobacco to twist one up when the rock star says ,
“ Bro , do you just want a cigarette , bro ? ”
And then he extends his open pack in my direction with one cigarette sticking out more than the rest as to make it even more convenient for me .
This guy obviously is n’t from around here .
I graciously accept the cigarette and light it .
It was a shitty Parliament Light 100 , but whatever .
As we both were about to go our separate ways , the rock star turns to me and asks ,
“ Bro , do you like beer ? ”
Ok , any readers that know me know for damn sure that I fucking love beer .
I fucking love the shit .
Accordingly , I looked at the guy , hesitated and said ,
“ Yes . ”
“ Bro , you wanna grab a brew , bro ? Brew - bro.
Haha , you ’re my brew - bro . ” he chuckles .
Again , this guy obviously is n’t from around here .
Coincidentally , earlier that day I was thinking of simple things I could do to break up my rhythm a little .
Ya know , something besides wake up , go to work , come home , drink beer , go to sleep .
I suppose throwing in a little “ hang out with a complete stranger ” would mix things up a bit .
Why the hell not ?
We started walking and he mentioned something about needing to stop by his mom ’s hotel room and that he hopes she does n’t have a customer in the room .
Huh ?
Oh well , whatever .
This guy was very chatty and seemed to have a few pieces missing from his noodle , like he would ask the same question twice in a row , weird things like that .
So we walked into the Dream Hotel on 55th just off Broadway .
If you ’ve never been to this place , it ’s awesome .
A very beautiful place indeed .
We walk up the stairs to the third floor of the hotel and stop in front of room 309 .
He knocks on the door .
“ Hey , it ’s Derek ! ” This is the first time I have heard his name .
He had n’t asked for mine , and I did n’t ask for his .
The shockingly sexy young voice on the other side of the door replies , “ I ’ve got someone in here right now . ”
“ I just need to grab something real quick , ” Derek says .
The door opens and Derek slips into the room as I wait outside .
Usually this is the point when I would wonder just what the hell is going on .
Why does this guy ’s mom have a “ customer ” in her hotel room and why does this guy ’s mom sound like she ’s a hot 25 - year - old chick ?
What the fuck am I doing here when I could be home drinking beer and watching reruns of King of Queens ?
Yeah , fairly reasonable questions in my opinion .
The truth of the matter is that I was too concerned about the fact that I did not yet have a beer in my face to seriously ponder the aforementioned concerns .
The door to room 309 opened again and out came my weird new buddy Derek with two frosty twenty - two ounce bottles of Corona and two wedges of lime , one of each in each hand .
This is not quite what I had in mind when I agreed to grab a brew with rock star man .
On the other hand , this was getting more interesting by the second and appeared to have all the ingredients of a true New York moment .
The kettle was just waiting to be put on the fire .
Derek hands me my awesome cold beer and wedge of lime and we head down the stairs to the lobby of this immaculate hotel .
At this point , I have no idea what the hell is going on and I have dropped the reigns .
Derek is running this show now .
We get to the lobby and Derek asks one of the doormen ,
“ Hey bro , how do I get to that one spot again , bro ? ”
The doorman tells him how to get to that “ one spot ” and I do n’t really pay attention because I just want to drink my goddamn beer .
I follow Derek to the elevator bank where we wait for an elevator .
I have been living in NYC for several years and have worked in many of the tallest buildings in the world , and I have never had to wait longer for an elevator than I did on this day at this hotel with Derek .
It took fucking ages .
I guess this was okay as it gave Derek and I chance to talk .
By the way , Derek still does not know my name and seems to be content with calling me “ bro ” .
Sure , whatever .
He gave me an awesome cold beer so he can call me Sally for all I care .
So there we are , waiting in the lobby of an elegant upscale hotel in midtown Manhattan surrounded by businessmen in incredibly nice suits waiting for the same elevator , twenty - two and lime wedge in hand .
As we wait for this asshole elevator Derek begins to tell me his story .
Derek is an ex-addict , a junkie .
As in , he says he ’s been clean for a month right as he pops two OxyContins and washes them down with a swig of Gatorade from his back pocket .
The irony was not lost on him because he chuckled and said unprovoked ,
“ No , no .
I do n’t really do these anymore .
They ’re just for the pain .
I had to have a tooth pulled a couple days ago .
Those opiates really fuck up your teeth , see ? ”
And he opens his mouth as wide as he can so I can take a good long look at his teeth .
Aside from Derek ’s teeth you could see the business men getting nervous , which in some weird way calmed me down .
The elevator finally arrived and I watched Derek push the button to take us to the twelfth floor .
When we reach our destination we get out of the elevator and Derek begins to look around in somewhat of a confused fashion , and of course I follow blindly down the hall , unopened Corona and lime wedge still in hand .
We finally find a stairwell and I follow Derek up the stairs and out an exit door where we end up outside .
Yes , outside on some sort of balcony on the thirteenth floor of the Dream Hotel .
This , however , is no normal balcony .
This is quite obviously a place in the building where they never intended any human being to set foot .
How do I know ?
Easy .
There are absolutely no measures in place to keep you from falling right off the goddamn roof .
Seriously , you could just walk right off the edge .
So here I am standing on a roof in Manhattan with a junkie that I do n’t know , and no one knows I ’m here .
Then it hits me .
Oh shit .
I am about five seconds away from getting robbed or thrown off this fucking roof , or both .
Of course .
I was a mark from the very beginning when this guy was supposedly looking for a magazine thirteen stories below me about 30 minutes ago .
The rolling papers , the cigarette , the beer .
It was all just a ploy to get me on this fucking roof so he could steal all my shit and throw me off !
That explains the $ 250 Diesel jeans he ’s wearing in contrast to the fact that he did n’t want to pay $ 3 for a magazine that contained the exact information he was looking for .
Those jeans came from some idiot just like me whom he robbed and then fired their sorry ass right off the thirteenth floor .
Fuck me I am an idiot and now I am going to die .
Fuck .
I snap back into reality when Derek starts coming towards me with a bottle opener and says , “ Lemme get that for you , bro . ”
This is where my life flashed before my eyes as I simultaneously shat myself .
Derek reached over and popped the top off my beer and did the little snap thing with the cap and we watched it sail all the way down to the street below , which took a really long time by the way .
Derek turns to me and looks me square in the eyes and says ,
“ Bro , that ’s a really long way down ! ”
No fucking shit asshole and I have a feeling I ’m about to find out first hand just how far down it is !
Fuck .
Fuck .
Fuck .
Derek walks around the tiny balcony checking it out and whatnot , or making sure there are no witnesses .
I stand there frozen with my back glued to a wall drinking my Corona as Derek continues to tell me his story .
In my mind , I am positive that he is waiting for me to finish my beer so that my faculties will be impaired when he stomps me and shows me what it ’s like to skydive without a parachute .
I actually appreciated that he was letting me finish my beer before he killed me .
Seems like being launched off a skyscraper would be less terrifying if I had a little buzz going , you know ?
Nice guy that Derek .
Over the awesome cold beer and a few cigarettes , which Derek bummed to me , I listened to his story .
As we know , Derek is a junkie .
Er , ex-junkie who ’s been clean for a month and is popping OxyContin as a painkiller for his tooth .
Derek is from LA / Hollywood and loves to talk about the wicked smack they have out there and the base heads and all kinds of nice things .
Apparently Derek got into a little trouble in LA and got busted with a whole bottle full of OxyContins that he was not supposed to have .
Derek told me about the arrest and all the details and shit and about how the five days he spent in jail were n’t that bad because he did n’t get fucked .
Nice .
It comes up that the woman from room 309 is not his mom , that ’s just what he calls her .
She is an ex-porn star from Hollywood that got hooked on meth and is now a hooker in NYC .
That explains “ mom ’s customer ” .
Derek and MethHooker are old friends from LA so when MethHooker heard about Derek ’s legal troubles she flew him out to NYC and is letting him stay with her for a while until his problems blow over .
With a proud smile Derek showed me some of the things that MethHooker bought for him like one of those wicked new Motorola phones , you know , the thin black ones , a really sweet Gucci watch , and the really badass jeans he was wearing .
And do n’t forget room 309 .
It ’s his room for the week as long as MethHooker is allowed to use it to service her customers on occasion .
Dude , hookers make bank !
Obviously it became clear to me that Derek did n’t get all those nice things from pushing people off of roofs .
All of this confusion could have been avoided had I not forgotten to factor in the MethHooker part of the equation from the beginning .
I will never make that mistake again .
I wish there was a powerful ending to this story , but there really is n’t .
After I realized that Derek had no interest in stealing my jeans and launching me off the roof , I really got to like the guy .
We hung out for a while on that roof .
He is a really nice guy with a huge heart who just wanted a friend for a little while .
Derek went out of his way to make a friend from a total stranger and give them whatever he could give to make them happy .
In this case , an awesome cold beer , a couple cigarettes and a breathtaking view of the most beautiful city in the world was perfect .
Cheers , Derek .
I sincerely wish you well .
Best regards ,
Your “ Brew - Bro ”
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : adventure , beer , nyc |
In an extraordinary eleventh hour twist , it appears that Donington Park - which earlier this week looked to have finally run out of steam in its bid to welcome F1 from 2010 onwards - could yet act as the home of the British Grand Prix next year , with a report claiming that circuit boss Simon Gillett has belatedly paid the outstanding funds owed to Formula One Management ( FOM ) supremo Bernie Ecclestone .
It was understood that after months of setbacks and scepticism , the Donington Ventures Leisure Ltd ( DVLL ) chief executive had missed his final deadline at midnight on Monday - thereby all - but killing off the Leicestershire track 's hopes of staging the blue riband event on the British motor racing calendar .
However , according to the Daily Express , the indefatigable Gillett has since transferred the ?12 million he owed Ecclestone in order to keep the venue 's audacious redevelopment bid alive .
Both the initial debenture scheme and subsequent ?135 bond issue ultimately came to nought , meaning that mystery surrounds just where Gillett has found the necessary sum that he hopes will convince Ecclestone not to hand the grand prix back to traditional home Silverstone .
The Express reports that Gillett 'used almost every minute of his time in his efforts to meet Ecclestone 's deal ' and that the sport 's commercial rights - holder had been expecting the payment ' for weeks '
' Where investment has come from to allow him to transfer money is not known , ' the newspaper went on , ' but it will have to be absolutely certain to encourage Ecclestone to give him the go - ahead . '
The question now is whether the 79 - year - old deems the last - gasp effort to save the deal to have come too little , too late ...
Cosmic Crush 2 : Guide your space rock through the universe and devour all the space junk you can to grow into the largest planet possible .
“ I ’m in awe of the human ingenuity that could conceive of such a thing and then make it happen , ” said K. Megan McArthur , an astronaut who flew on the repair mission last spring
Image
These two images of the Carina Nebula show how observations taken in visible , top , and in infrared light can reveal complementary aspects of an object .
Credit ... NASA , ESA , and the Hubble SM4 ERO Team
Heidi Hammel of the Space Science Institute in Boulder , Colo. , said , “ We ’re giddy with the quality of the data we ’re getting . ”
Among the images were gas flying from a dying star that looked like a butterfly spreading its wings , and a galaxy nearly 10 billion light - years away whose image had been stretched and magnified by the gravity of a cluster of galaxies into a “ dragon ” shape .
Examining such images , astronomers can study details of galaxies that existed before the Milky Way was born and chart the distribution of mysterious dark matter in the universe .
Dr. Weiler noted that the telescope was now in the best shape of its 19 - year life in orbit , far surpassing the ambitions of its founders , and that it could last for at least another five years .
“ Hubble gets better and better and better , ” he said .
The telescope has had almost as many reincarnations as a cat .
It was born in a vision of Lyman Spitzer , a Princeton astronomer who realized in 1946 that a telescope in space above the blurring effects of the atmosphere could make more precise measurements of stars , as well as see infrared and ultraviolet radiation that cannot make it through air .
The Kid who sleeps on the Tricycle in the Morning
[ Netease ]
The child who gets up the earliest in Changsha is named Maotuo , ( 毛坨 ) ( nick name ) earlier than the street sprinkler truck .
He is only 5 , every morning at 4:30 am he is forcefully woken up by his mother , and carried onto a cargo tricycle .
Then they are off to the streets .
In late fall , the weather was chilly with heavy moistures .
Young mother covered the cargo tricycle with cotton blankets the child laid down on top .
Maotuo was used to getting up early , mother needed to sweep the streets .
He understoods mom’s job , quietly sat on the tricycle and never made a noise .
In the cracking sound of rocking tricycle , Maotuo fell asleep .
SASA … SASA …
The sound of broom sweeping the street surface …
It was barely down , Mom brought Maotuo with her and began the day of cleaning under the overpass .
Maotuo was still asleep inside of the cargo tricycle .
Would the roaring hums of vehicles passing by continue to be his childhood lullaby ?
Every morning a little over 4 am , mother would unlock the cargo tricycle , bringing little Maotuo along and ready to begin a day ’s cleaning work .
On the way Maotuo was not feeling well , mom tucked him in .
5 year old Maotuo was peacefully sleeping in the cargo tricycle , not far away mom was cleaning up the trash on the street .
Maotuo deeply asleep , his feet was uncovered .
Maotuo continued to sleep on the cargo tricycle full of trash .
6 am , it was day light , awoken Maotuo sat in the tricycle , accompanied his mom to sweep the streets .
Maotuo was still sleepy and yarned .
Under the overpass , Maotuo got a cold today , in the arms of his mom he kept crying and pleaded with her to go home .
“ Baby , be good !
Mom will get off work soon , and we will go home . ”
Lui Ai ( 刘爱 ) tried to calm him down .
6:35 am Mother bagged garbage and hung onto the vehicle .
Maotuo was playing in the tricycle by himself .
While Mom was working , Maotuo was still playing by himself in the tricycle .
While mom was dumping garbage , Maotuo sat in the tricycle accompanied her .
7 am every morning , Lui Ai would find time to send Maotuo to kindergarten .
However , for various reasons the kindergarten would no longer accept Maotuo .
His mother had to again find him another kindergarten .
Maotuo was playing games with other kids in the kindergarten .
In the afternoon , Mom picked Maotuo up from the kindergarten .
The school complained , “ Maotue likes to take other kids ’ food , Maotuo does not know how to write , Maotue smells bad … ”
He was removed from this school again .
Mother said , after getting the 260 yuan back , she would continue to look for another kindergarten .
Their home was near Ma Wang Dui road ( 马王堆路 ) .
The house would be tore down soon , and they were going to relocate .
Inside and outside of the house was a mess .
Maotuo and mother went back to the messy home and dad was asleep on the bed .
The mother ’s name is Liu Ai ( 刘爱 ) .
Her orange uniform had “ Long Rong Cleaning ” ( 龙荣保洁 ) written on it .
In recent days , she received a notice from the squad leader .
They were going to dismiss her .
The reason was because her bringing a kid to sweep the streets .
Mom calls him Maotuo ( 毛坨 ) .
Means “ very cheap ” ( 很贱 ) ; but he will grow up very well .
She believes Changsha ’s custom of choosing a name .
The Anonymous Blogging with WordPress and Tor guide is now available in Italian thanks to this translation by Jan Reister from Nazione Indiana blog .
The guide outlines several methods of protecting one ’s identity in order to avoid retaliation and can considerably reduce the risks that a blogger ’s identity will be linked to his or her online writings through technical means .
Scrivere un blog anonimo con WordPress e
Tor is availble for download as a PDF file .
You may need to install the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view it .
If you experience difficulties viewing PDF format online , try this linkable and blogging - friendly HTML version .
Please download the guide and help disseminate this important information .
Feel free as well to help us translating the guide into your own language .
The guide is also available in the following languages :
For further information please contact us at : advocacy [ at ] globalvoicesonline [ dot ] org
Dr. Wim Leemans , a physicist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , shows a touch of parental pride for the hulking machine he affectionately calls T - Rex  a high - intensity laser that pushes electrons around .
But a new machine called Bella  formally , the Berkeley Lab Laser Accelerator  is uppermost on his mind these days .
Bella will be twice as large and 20 times more powerful , and Dr. Leemans just got the $ 20.7 million in federal stimulus money that he needs to build it .
“ Bella is T - Rex on steroids , ” said Dr. Leemans , a slight man of 46 .
Bella has the potential , he said , to help restore the nation ’s prowess in particle physics .
Less certain , however , is whether Bella represents smart economics .
The cash for the project is a tiny slice of the stimulus package developed by Congress and the Obama administration to jump - start the economy .
The stimulus legislation included about $ 18 billion for nondefense scientific research and development , a significant boost to the estimated $ 61.6 billion already going to science in the 2009 budget , according to the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy .
But experts are divided about whether projects like Bella are compatible with the intent of Congress to create jobs as fast as possible .
“ This is the kind of spending that is not really oriented toward jump - starting the economy and ending the recession , ” said John Taylor , a professor of economics at Stanford , a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and an adviser to Senator John McCain ’s presidential campaign .
“ It is longer term , and because of that , I think it should n’t be classified as a stimulus . ”
Federal Estate Tax
It is important to plan the details of your estate so that you can avoid paying more than your fair share of federal estate taxes on what you have worked your whole life to build for your family .
At the Elder Rice & Quattrone , PC we provide our clients with a focused approach on minimizing state and federal estate taxes .
We have the necessary knowledge to assist you with applying the intimidating number of taxes that apply to estates .
Contact our Ocean City federal estate tax lawyers .
We are committed to helping our clients avoid the devastating impact taxes can have on your estate ’s proceeds .
New Jersey And Federal Estate Tax Planning Attorneys
The Federal estate tax exclusion is now $ 5,500,000 per person , and is “ portable ” between spouses .
This is great news for all of our clients — and reinforces the way we have been structuring our documents — for flexibility .
As you can see , this area of the law is very complex .
Rest assured that we will help you understand and navigate tax issues , including :
Gift tax
Inheritance tax
Tax planning
Linwood Gift Tax Lawyers
Our attorneys have been minimizing death taxes for more than 25 years .
We will first use our knowledge and experience to explain these complicated tax concepts so that they make sense .
We will then employ every tactic possible to legally avoid paying high taxes on your inheritance .
It is not just about making sure you do not pay more taxes than absolutely necessary under the law — it ’s about doing what is best for your family .
Every tax plan is different .
Our attorneys personally draft documents to ensure the highest attention to detail and that the language is perfectly tailored to your unique circumstances and needs .
Contact our Linwood gift tax attorneys today to discuss protecting your assets from the federal government .
The Obama Interior Department is reviewing a decision made by the Bush administration in its final days that attempted to lock in lucrative royalty rates and favorable regulations for oil companies holding leases for oil - shale development on public lands .
The decision , which came in the form of amendments to existing leases , drew little public notice at the end of the Bush administration in January .
But since then , congressional watchdogs , environmental groups and state officials in Colorado , where most of the leases are located , have denounced the amendments as a massive giveaway to the oil industry .
Obama Interior Secretary Ken Salazar has ordered the review “ given the timing and circumstances of the execution of the lease addenda , ” Interior spokeswoman Kendra Barkoff said Thursday .
Previously undisclosed internal e-mails from the Bush Interior Department and Royal Dutch Shell PLC -- which held three leases and stood to benefit more from the amendments than any firm -- show a concerted if uncoordinated effort to deal with the expected blowback to the amendments .
The e-mails were obtained by The Times ’ Washington bureau .
Advertisement
One Interior official sent an e-mail to colleagues describing the amendments as a “ nuclear bomb ” that would spark a hostile reaction from Colorado leaders and at the highest levels of the incoming Obama administration , which had already pledged to overhaul Bush administration energy development programs .
Executives at Shell hoped that Salazar , a critic of oil - shale development plans as a Democratic senator from Colorado , could nevertheless be swayed on the amendments , which analysts say could be worth billions of dollars to Shell and its fellow leaseholders if the companies eventually tap the full potential of shale on their leases .
One of the suggestions for approaching Salazar came from Gale Norton , who joined Shell as an attorney in its oil - shale division nine months after she resigned as Bush ’s Interior secretary .
The Justice Department is investigating her for possible conflicts of interest involving her handling of Shell leases while she was Interior secretary .
In a Jan. 15 e-mail to colleagues , Norton suggested that environmentalists ’ legal challenge to Interior ’s shale plans “ provides an external reason for locking in change as opposed to [ the previous administration ] being motivated by fears of how a new administration might alter ” the regulations .
Salazar , she reasoned , might be persuaded that the department needed to defend its own contracts in court .
Advertisement
Asked about e-mails from Norton and other executives , Shell released a statement Thursday saying that there was “ nothing unusual about weighing and communicating the pros and cons of any business decision .
This is responsible business behavior . ”
The leases Shell and three other companies hold are for researching and developing technology to heat Western rock to extreme temperatures , yielding petroleum .
If the companies demonstrate their techniques , they can ask the government to allow them to extract that petroleum on a commercial scale .
Last November , Interior officials finalized regulations and royalties , which the companies would pay the government , as a way to guide that commercial production .
The agency set royalty rates that started at 5 % of production revenue , well below the federal average for oil and gas royalties .
A coalition of environmental groups complained that the regulations did not address the likely environmental impacts of shale production , including greenhouse gas emissions and extensive water use in an arid region , and they sued to overturn the regulations .
A sense of urgency
Advertisement
As the clock was running out on the Bush administration , Interior employees say , an edict came down from top Interior officials to amend the original oil - shale leases to explicitly give the leaseholders the ability to abide by the Bush - era royalty rates and rules .
One senior former Interior Department official said that the amendments were in keeping with the Bush administration ’s push to make oil - shale research and development as attractive as possible in the face of high costs and uncertain payoffs .
That official , speaking on the condition of anonymity given the confidential policy deliberations , also said that there was a sense of urgency to push through the amendments , because the incoming administration was already advocating a shift from fossil fuels to renewable energy sources .
Another official , C. Stephen Allred , assistant secretary of the Interior for Land and Minerals Management in the last years of the Bush White House , said that the administration was simply embedding existing regulatory and royalty language in the leases themselves .
The regulations were the result of a long and “ transparent ” public process , he said .
“ We worked on these for two years .
How . . . can that be a last - minute action ? , ” Allred , now retired , said in an interview .
He also said the 5 % royalty rate was fair , based on prevailing conditions at the time .
Advertisement
A congressional investigator , speaking on condition of anonymity , said that the amendments raised eyebrows because of their “ last - minute timing ” and , perhaps because of the speculative nature of oil - shale development , they included “ rates that are lower than any other oil and gas leasing rates on federal lands . ”
The amendments “ shortcut any semblance of due process and shortchanged American taxpayers , all to benefit an industry whose technologies have not been proven commercially viable , environmentally sustainable , or good for local communities , ” said Chase Huntley , a policy advisor for the Wilderness Society , a conservation group .
Concerns discussed
In their internal e-mails , Shell officials discussed the need for increased certainty to help shale development move ahead , concerns over the environmentalists ’ litigation , and how to boost Shell ’s “ competitive position ” in the energy industry .
Advertisement
Frits Eulderink ,
Shell ’s vice president for unconventional oil , opposed Norton ’s suggestion of bringing up the lawsuit challenging the shale development regulations , because it “ sounds like we admit it might well be wrong but we now quickly lock in on it , before it is ‘ corrected . ’ ”
Terry O’Connor , a Shell vice president who works on oil shale , suggested that the company exclude technical experts from the initial discussions with government officials , so that Shell staff could “ beg off of tough questions . ”
O’Connor and Norton did not return phone messages seeking comment this week .
Eulderink said in a brief phone interview that he did not specifically remember the e-mails , but that “ it ’s not unusual to think , OK , what ’s the best way to represent the issue ? ” in a case such as the lease addenda .
“ That happens all the time , ” he said .
--
Advertisement
jtankersley@latimes.com
josh.meyer@latimes.com
If you thought the Lagoon yesterday was pretty , then reset your awe - meter .
Check .
This .
Out .
D'ya like that ?
Huh ?
Do ya ?
Had enough ?
No ?
Then check THIS out !
Jeebus .
Click either to brobdingnangate .
In fact , you can get massively huge versions here and here .
We 're talking 30 and 40 Mb each , so be ye fairly warned , says I .
Those magnificent images are of the galaxies NGC 4402 and NGC 4522 , respectively , as seen by the Hubble Space Telescope 's Advanced Camera for Surveys ( from before the recent repair mission ) .
They 're both spiral galaxies in the Virgo Cluster , the nearest large collection of galaxies to us , roughly 60 million light years from Earth .
If they look funny to you , then good !
The Virgo Cluster is massive , and has a lot of gravity .
The galaxies bound to it are moving like bees surrounding a hive , each in its own orbit going every which way .
These galaxies are screaming through the cluster at speeds of 10 million kilometers per hour , a truly terrifying velocity .
There is an ethereal gas distributed between the galaxies called the intercluster medium .
It 's incredibly thin , but over the size of a galaxy -- especially when said galaxy is barreling through it at such tremendous speed -- the gas can exert significant pressure , called ram pressure .
The pressure is actually blowing the galaxies ' internal gas clouds out into the cluster itself , making them look a little bit like pickup trucks driving down a highway with dirt copiously pouring out the beds ^*.
This is especially obvious in NGC 4522 ( the lower one ) , where you can see bright blue splotches , which are regions of intense star formation , along with dark lanes of dust actually above the galactic plane .
In NGC 4022 , you can see how the ram pressure is roiling up the dust in the galaxy , and also blowing it back , though apparently not as briskly as in the other galaxy .
These pictures are incredible .
Poke around them ; you can see amazing detail in the galaxies themselves , as well as hundreds , maybe thousands of background galaxies .
It 's been a while since we 've seen deep , glorious pictures of spiral galaxies from Hubble .
Now that ACS is working again , and it's being joined by the equally powerful Wide Field Camera 3 , we 'll be seeing lots more of these .
Get used to it .
Image credits : NASA and ESA .
^* Or possibly more like wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube men .
By Andres Schipani
BBC News , Bermejo
Fiser 's mother wants him to return to school some day
To see children 's silhouettes at sunrise , bent as they chop canes with machetes , is to see the scale of poverty in Bolivia , where often every member of the family , no matter how young , has to work .
Fiser , 10 , is one of Bolivia 's many child labourers .
" I am not going to school any more .
I left it this year when I started working here , " he tells me .
His hands are covered in blisters and dark with a sticky dust after hours harvesting sugar cane .
Child labour is illegal in Bolivia , but it is estimated that almost a third of the country 's children and adolescents ( 320,000 ) work in extreme conditions ; in the mines , Brazil nut plantations and the sugar cane fields .
Boys like Fiser earn less than $ 5 a day during the six months or so that they work harvesting sugar cane , often from sunrise to sunset .
Such work is considered one of the worst forms of child labour by international bodies such as the International Labour Organization ( ILO ) and the UN children 's agency , Unicef .
Ciro , 13 , is typical .
" I 'd like to study or maybe work in something better , something lighter .
But I work most of all for my family , my family is really poor so they have nothing and I need to help my six little brothers , " he says .
" I wake up at four in the morning and come out to work until six in the afternoon , sometimes until eleven at night .
The work is really , really hard . "
Temporary migrants
Until recently , many farmers were moving away from sugar cane because they could get better , government - guaranteed prices for other crops , such as soya , rice and the local crop , coca - the raw material for cocaine .
The work is hard , very hard ...
I do n't want to do this any more , but I have no choice
Luis , 13
But now , the price of raw sugar is hitting highs not seen for nearly three decades and farmers are switching back to sugar cane .
Whole families are moving across Bolivia to work in the fields .
Sugar cane has a particular economic advantage : the harvest provides an income for a relatively extended period - roughly between April and November .
It is a way of making a living in Bermejo , a poverty - stricken area of south - eastern Bolivia on the border with Argentina .
Most of the heavy harvesting work is still done manually .
Children aged between seven and 17 set crops alight to remove all unwanted foliage and then chop down the canes .
Later , the top is cut off and the rest of the cane is stacked and loaded for transportation .
Luis , 13 , started working three years ago .
" The work is hard , very hard , exhausting , " he says .
" The canes are heavy , cutting , chopping all day , last year I had a terrible back pain from work .
I do n't want to do this any more , but I have no choice . "
High prices mean sugar is once again a sought after commodity About 60 % of the sugar cane harvesters are temporary migrants from Bolivia 's poorest areas .
They live in shacks that are little more than mud huts , or under blue tarpaulins on the edge of the sugar cane plantations .
There is no hygiene ; no privacy .
As the local saying goes , they have " sweet canes but bitter lives " .
" It is not a secret that children of all ages work in different conditions , in different sectors in this country , " says Unicef 's Bolivia representative Gordon Jonathan Lewis .
" As long as poverty exists , and the magnitude and the prevalence you have in a country like Bolivia , you will always have the need for children to contribute to households and local economies . "
But in the sugar cane harvest , the exploitation of child workers can be extreme , Mr Lewis adds .
This view is echoed by Anastasio Rueda , a sugar cane trade union leader in Bermejo .
" Sometimes the boss takes advantage of them because they are young , and treats them badly .
There are accidents .
And of course there are children who do not want to come to work because the job is harsh , but some parents force them to , " he says .
Forceful approach Now , nearly 20 years after the Convention of the Rights of the Child was agreed , Unicef is trying a range of ways to tackle child labour .
One is a " Child Labour Free " stamp for certain Bolivian products , like sugar .
Together with Unicef , Bolivia 's government has drawn up a plan to reduce child labour by 2015 .
Angelica does not want her son to have her " rotten " life " The plans exists , the public policies are in place , the legal framework is there but right now we really do need a much more forceful approach , " Mr Lewis says .
Some parents would prefer their children to be at school rather than in the fields .
Unfortunately , money compels them to take their children into the fields with them .
That is the case for Fiser 's mother , Angelica , who is working alongside him .
" He helps me a lot .
He used to be at school but I need him to come to work with me , at least this year , then he can go back to school .
Now we need the money so his little brothers can eat and go to school . "
Angelica knows about the harsh reality of child labour herself as she has been toiling in the cane fields for a pittance since she was 10 .
She is now 44 .
" Now he got used to work and he does n't want to go back to school because he earns some petty cash and knows I need help , " she says .
" But I tell him , even if it is a huge effort , he has to study so he does n't end up like me , old and working in the sugar cane harvest .
The children should have that opportunity .
We are rotten already . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I have a little secret to share with you , Amarok 2.2 Beta 1 is almost out !!
shhhh , do n’t tell anyone , it might scare the little puppy 🙂
Are you curious to what incredible and life changing goodies it will bring to your life ?
Do you ?
Then keep on reading …
First off , i’m pleased to announce that the amarok devs have ears , that ’s right , they actually LISTEN to user requests , and so , they added a much asked feature to amarok 2.2 , the ability to change the layout has you see fit .
the following screenshot shows MY amarok 2.2 git build with MY way of organizing the myriad of information that amarok provides .
AS you can see for yourself , i organized the playbar below , and added two tabs ( yes , you can do that and much more ) , one with the collection browser and other with the info center ( which was revamped BTW ) .
Thats good for keeping us busy for half an hour , but there will be a time when you eventually will have the urge to actually LISTEN to some music .
Well , the playlist was revamped also , a lot of functionality was added and / or tossed around , so lets see some new features .
There are 2 new buttons to the right , and they add some nice features .
The one at the utmost right allows you to determine what tag will sort your playlist ( this is all dynamic BTW ) .
The second one is a revamped way of organizing an configuring something that was introduced in amarok 2.1 , the layout manager .
Next on the list , one of my preferred features and a pet peeve that got added recently , the ability to change the playlist tags ( including ratings ) without the need to open the evil ( evil in the sense of too much bloody mouse clicks ) tag editor .
Justble ) click once , the playlist item will then change aspects and will allow you to change the SENSIBLE tags ( tags like music time wo n’t be changeable ) .
Under the hood , the amarokers did even a more splendid job .
Now and for all times to come , the local browser is not for local content anymore , it allows ipods , etc like it did , but also cds are treated as removable collections and the great new advent of VFAT devices ( you know , those chinese kinda - alike ipods that you and me own ? ) .
You can even mix and match by drag and drop between them , truly life changing 🙂
But amarok was never JUST to play or organize music , but everything musica related , lyrics , wikipedia info , ratings , etc etc .
Well now we have photos and videos pulled on the fly by several sources , thanks to the KDE infrastructure magic you can even PLAY THE VIDEOS inside amarok itself , just drag them to the playlist or doble click them ( same behaviour ) and you are done !!!
Now , lets get serious here .
Are you one of those sorting freaks , that index your refrigerator eggs , and catalong girlfriends / boyfriends by age , size and height ?
Well , then this feature is for you !!!
Sort your brains out , with this new playlist sorting , never ending , all you can eat sorting mechanism .
But what about me , the “ OMG i ca n’t decide what i want to listen !!! ” type of person ?
Well , in amarok 2.2 , the dynamic playlists are even more dynamic , powerfull and PINK !
Ok , maybe not PINK 😛 but even more powerful then in 2.1 , that ’s for sure 🙂
Another thing that you will notice eventually is a little button , with two stripes that pratically shows up everywhere in the layout .
What does it do ?
Well , in one word …
Bookmarks … which are now much more that just that , you can bookmark virtually everything amarok can put his paws onto .
Seeing to believing .
If you click on the bookmark manager you get …
Also , thanks to the new tagging / indexing system that the amarokers developed , each song has its own unique identifier inside the tag , so if you move your music around , amarok WILL recognize it and hunt it down .
All the plasmoids got some love too , the current track allows you to dran and drop the cover , the album is more alike the 1.4 one , the lyrics are editable on the fly , the wiki got the same features 1.4 add ( artist , albm , etc ) .
Well , this are some of the MANY MANY changes amarokers are doing to the mighty wolf .
And this is only a beta 🙂 expect them to keep coming your way .
My only question at this point is !
CAN YOU TAKE IT ???
Enjoy !
US officials say swine flu activity is widespread in 46 states US President Barack Obama has declared swine flu a national emergency .
The White House said the president signed the proclamation concerning the 2009 H1N1 outbreak on Friday evening .
It increases the ability of treatment facilities to handle a surge in H1N1 patients by easing the implementation of emergency plans .
Last week US officials said swine flu activity was widespread in 46 states .
More than 1,000 US deaths have been linked to the virus .
Health officials say the infections are already comparable to peak season flu levels .
Vaccine warning US officials said the president 's declaration was similar to ones issued before hurricanes make landfall .
SWINE FLU SYMPTOMS
Typical symptoms : sudden fever ( 38C or above ) and sudden cough 1 .
Other symptoms include : Tiredness and chills 2 .
Headache , sore throat , runny nose and sneezing 3 .
Stomach upset , loss of appetite , diarrhoea 4 .
Aching muscles , limb or joint pain Source : UK NHS
It allows authorities to bypass certain federal requirements in order to deal more effectively with emergencies .
The aim of the directive is to remove bureaucratic hurdles , allowing sick patients to receive treatment more quickly and giving health - care providers more flexibility in providing it .
Paperwork on patients can be reduced and additional health centres set up outside hospitals to care for the sick .
In his proclamation statement , Mr Obama says the 2009 H1N1 pandemic " continues to evolve " .
" The rates of illness continue to rise rapidly within many communities across the nation , and the potential exists for the pandemic to overburden health care resources in some localities . "
He said the US had already taken " proactive steps " by implementing public health measures and developing an effective swine flu vaccine .
However , the government has admitted there are delays in the delivery of vaccines .
It had hoped to roll out 120 million doses by mid-October .
It now hopes for about 50 million by mid-November and 150 million in December .
Dr Thomas Frieden , of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , said on Friday : " We are nowhere near where we thought we'd be by now . "
Given the shortfall , New York State on Friday stayed a directive ordering health care staff to be inoculated or risk losing their jobs .
The CDC says widespread influenza activity in 46 states is " unprecedented during seasonal flu " .
It said the hospitalisation rates for laboratory - confirmed swine flu were still climbing .
Although figures are hard to verify , it is thought H1N1 has hospitalised about 20,000 people in the US .
Visits to the doctor for influenza - like illnesses were also much higher than expected for the time of year , the CDC said .
The seasonal flu peak is usually between late November and early March .
Children and young adults have been among the hardest hit by H1N1 .
Almost 100 of the deaths have been children .
HOW SWINE FLU OUTBREAK EMERGED
Flu viruses mutate over time causing small changes to proteins on their surface called antigens .
If the immune system has met a particular strain of the virus before , it is likely to have some immunity ; but if the antigens are new to the immune system , it will be weakened .
The influenza A virus can mutate in two different ways ; antigenic drift , in which existing antigens are subtly altered , and antigenic shift , in which two or more strains combine .
Antigenic drift causes slight flu mutations year on year , from which humans have partial , but not complete , immunity .
By contrast , the new strain of H1N1 appears to have originated via antigenic shift in Mexican pigs
The name " swine flu " is a slight misnomer as it is believed pigs acted as a mixing pot for several flu strains , containing genetic material from pigs , birds and humans .
Most humans have never been exposed to some of the antigens involved in the new strain of flu , giving it the potential to cause a pandemic .
The new virus has made the jump from pigs to humans and has demonstrated it can also pass from human to human .
This is why it is demanding so much attention from health authorities .
The virus passes from human to human like other types of flu , either through coughing , sneezing , or by touching infected surfaces , although little is known about how the virus acts on humans .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Alcohol probably poses the biggest drugs harm challenge today , according to a new briefing from the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies .
In Estimating drug harms : a risky business , Professor David Nutt , of Imperial College London argues that the relative harms of legal drugs such as alcohol and tobacco are greater than those of a number of illegal drugs , including cannabis , LSD and ecstasy .
Professor Nutt proposes a `drug harm ranking ' , which compares the harms caused by legal as well as illegal drugs .
Alcohol ranks as the fifth most harmful drug after heroin , cocaine , barbiturates and methadone .
Tobacco is ranked ninth .
Cannabis , LSD and ecstasy , while harmful , are ranked lower at 11 , 14 and 18 respectively .
Professor
Nutt argues that simply focussing on the harms caused by illegal drugs , without assessing them against those of drugs such as alcohol and tobacco , results in an `isolated and arbitrary ' debate about relative drug harms .
Professor
Nutt argues strongly in favour of an evidence - based approach to drugs classification policy and criticises the `precautionary principle ' , used by the former Home Secretary Jackie Smith to justify her decision to reclassify cannabis from a class C to a class B drug .
By erring on the side of caution , Professor Nutt argues , politicians `distort ' and `devalue ' research evidence .
` This leads us to a position where people really do n't know what the evidence is ' , he writes .
On cannabis Professor Nutt makes clear that it is `a harmful drug ' and argues for a `concerted public health response ... to drastically reduce its use ' .
However , he points out that cannabis usage fell when it was reclassified from class B to class C .
And he points out that there is `a relatively small risk ' of psychotic illness following cannabis use .
To prevent one episode of schizophrenia , he argues , it would be necessary `to stop 5,000 men aged 20 to 25 from ever using ' cannabis .
On recent debates about the classification of ecstasy , in which the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACDM ) recommended it be classified as a class B drug , Professor Nutt writes that the ACDM `won the intellectual argument , but we obviously did n't win the decision in terms of classification ' .
Professor
Nutt also criticises the quality of some research evidence on drug harms .
There are , he writes , `some horrific examples where some of the so - called " top " scientific journals have published poor quality research about the harms of drugs such as cannabis and ecstasy , sometimes having to retract the articles ' .
Among Professor
Nutt 's recommendations are :
Stopping the `artificial separation of alcohol and tobacco as non-drugs ' .
It will only be possible to assess the real harms of illicit drugs when set alongside the harms of other drugs `that people know and use '
Improving the public 's general understanding of relative harms .
He had previously compared the risks of taking ecstasy over the risks of horse - riding , he writes , because media reporting `gives the impression that ecstasy is a much more dangerous drug than it is '
The provision of `more accurate and credible ' information on drugs and the harms they cause .
Drug classification based on the best research evidence would `be a powerful educational tool '
Basing classification on the desire `to give messages other than those relating to relative harms ... does great damager to the educational message '
Professor Nutt said :
` No one is suggesting that drugs are not harmful .
The critical question is one of scale and degree .
We need a full and open discussion of the evidence and a mature debate about what the drug laws are for - and whether they doing their job ? '
Commenting on Professor Nutt 's paper Richard Garside , director of the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies said ,
` Professor Nutt 's briefing gives us an insight into what drugs policy might look like if it was based on the research evidence , rather than political posturing and moralistic positioning .
The Centre for Crime and Justice Studies is a strong advocate of research evidence informing policy making and it is delighted to be publishing this very timely and important contribution by one of the country 's top drugs experts . '
Most jobseekers wish they could unlock a magic formula for winning over employers .
What , they wonder , is the perfect mix of unique skills and values that make companies want to hire them on the spot ?
While each hiring manager is looking for a set of unique skills from jobseekers for each opening , certain skills and values are universally sought by hiring managers .
While technical skills will always be important , personal skills , or soft skills , have become the most sought - after skills in employment today .
According to an analysis of 2.3 million LinkedIn profiles for The Wall Street Journal , nearly 58 percent of employees who touted stellar communication skills were hired over the course of a year , making it clear that “ soft skills ” are very important to landing a job .
The good news is that most jobseekers have these skills to some degree .
The better news is that jobseekers with weaknesses can improve their skills through training , professional development or mentoring from someone who understands these unique skills .
However , if you get stuck while learning how to write a resume , using a resume builder ( and cover letter builder too ) can help get your application materials into top shape .
First , do your research to understand the unique skills and characteristics that most employers seek , you can tailor your job search communication — your resume , cover letter and elevator pitch — to showcase how well your background aligns with common employer requirements .
Just remember , " personal skills " is just another way of saying soft skills , those hard - to - measure but incredibly desirable traits and characteristics that make people great at their jobs .
When sitting down to compile a list of valuable and unique skills , start by asking yourself the following questions :
1 . What are the personal skills I possess that might be valuable in the workplace ?
These are commonly called soft skills , people skills or interpersonal skills .
Some examples of soft skills include problem solving , adaptability , dependability , self - motivation and leadership skills .
2 . What are the professional skills I have that will be valuable to my future employer ?
These are commonly called hard skills or technical skills .
These are specific proficiencies that are taught in school or on the job , including foreign languages , computer programming , writing skills or machine skills .
3 . What key skills are employers looking for ?
And , do I have a gap in the skills that I bring to the table ?
This information is important useful for determining whether you might be lacking the critical skills needed to get the job you want .
To gather this information figure out these skills , study several job postings for the job titles you are looking to get hired in .
Consider these questions carefully .
After all , your soft skills can elevate your resume above the competition .
Considering recruiters only spend six - second , on average , reviewing each resume , you 'll need to immediately make your value apparent .
Adding personal skills to your resume can help in this effort .
List of Personal Skills to Use on Your Resume
We ’ve curated a list of the best skills and values in today ’s job market and have included sample language describing each skill .
You can adapt this verbiage for your resumes , cover letter , and interview talking points .
So , what are these important skills that employers demand of jobseekers ?
Check out this list of the top values and skills employers seek and learn how to include them in your resume :
Personal Skill # 1 : Professionalism
Professionalism is acting in a responsible and fair manner in all of your personal and work activities .
It ’s seen as a sign of maturity and self - confidence .
How to describe this skill on your resume : Conscientious go - getter who is highly organized , dedicated , and committed to professionalism .
Personal Skill # 2 : Honesty and Integrity
Employers probably respect personal integrity more than any other value , especially in light of the corporate scandals that have become so commonplace .
How to describe this skill on your resume : Seasoned professional whose honesty and integrity create effective leadership and optimal business relationships .
Personal Skill # 3 : Adaptability
Adaptability deals with openness to new ideas and concepts , to working independently or as part of a team .
It also refers to the ability to pivot between assignments and carry out multiple tasks or projects .
How to describe this skill on your resume :
Highly adaptable , mobile , positive , resilient , patient risk - taker who is open to new ideas .
Personal Skill # 4 : Problem - solving
Employers look for jobseekers who love what they do and will keep at it until they solve the problem and get the job done .
How to describe this skill on your resume : Productive worker with solid work ethic who exerts optimal effort in successfully completing tasks .
Personal Skill # 5 : Dependability
There ’s no question that all employers desire employees who will arrive to work every day on time and ready to work , and who will take responsibility for their actions .
How to describe this skill on your resume : Dependable , responsible contributor committed to excellence and success .
Personal Skill # 6 : Loyalty
Employers want employees who will have a strong devotion to the company ( even when the company is not necessarily loyal to its employees ) .
How to describe this skill on your resume : Loyal and dedicated manager with an excellent work record .
Personal Skill # 7 : Positive Attitude
The jobseekers who get hired and the employees who get promoted are the ones with drive and passion .
They demonstrate this enthusiasm through their words and actions .
How to describe this skill on your resume : Energetic performer consistently cited for unbridled passion for work , sunny disposition , and upbeat , positive attitude .
Personal Skill # 8 : Self - Confidence
Self - confidence is very important to landing a job .
Look at it this way : if you do n’t believe in yourself , in your unique mix of skills , education , and abilities , why should a prospective employer ?
Be confident in yourself and what you can offer employers .
The best news is that once you understand the unique skills and characteristics that most employers seek , you can tailor your job - search communication — your resume , cover letter and elevator pitch — to showcase how well your background aligns with common employer requirements .
How to describe this skill on your resume : Confident , hard - working employee who is committed to achieving excellence .
Personal Skill # 9 : Self - Motivated
While teamwork is always mentioned as an important skill , so is the ability to work independently , with minimal supervision .
Show your future hiring manager that you ’re self - motivated .
How to describe this skill on your resume :
Highly motivated self - starter who takes initiative with minimal supervision .
Personal Skill # 10 : Willingness to Learn
No matter what your age , and no matter how much experience you have , you should always be willing to learn a new skill or technique .
Jobs are constantly changing and evolving , and you must show an openness to grow and learn with that change .
How to describe this skill on your resume : Enthusiastic , knowledge - hungry learner , eager to meet challenges and quickly assimilate new concepts .
Personal Skill # 11 : Leadership
While there is some debate about whether leadership is something people are born with , this skill deals with your ability to take charge and manage your co-workers .
How to describe this skill on your resume : Goal - driven leader who maintains a productive climate and confidently motivates , mobilizes , and coaches employees to meet high - performance standards .
Personal Skill # 12 : Multicultural Sensitivity
There is possibly no bigger issue in the workplace than diversity , and jobseekers must demonstrate a sensitivity and awareness to other people and cultures .
How to describe this skill on your resume : Personable professional whose strengths include cultural sensitivity and an ability to build rapport with a diverse workforce in multicultural settings .
Personal Skill # 13 : Planning and Organization
This skill deals with your ability to design , plan , organize , and implement projects and tasks within an allotted timeframe .
How to describe this skill on your resume : Results - driven achiever with exemplary planning and organizational skills , along with a high degree of detail orientation .
Personal Skill # 14 : Teamwork
Because so many jobs involve working in one or more work - groups , you must have the ability to work with others in a professional manner while working to achieve a common goal .
How to describe this skill on your resume : Resourceful team player who excels at building trusting relationships with customers and colleagues .
Professional Skills to Use on Your Resume
Professional skills are very important to also include on your resume .
Begin to think of a list of the technologies you use every day at work , and those you ’ve used in the past .
You may want to list something as every day as Microsoft Word , PowerPoint , and Excel .
You should also include language skills , computer programming skills , and any other hard skills .
How to Use Personal Skills and Professional Skills in Your Resume
Now that you ’ve identified your top personal and professional skills , you ’ll want to decide how to include them on your resume .
Typically , I suggest two sections .
One section is often called “ Strengths ” and this is where your personal or soft skills are listed .
A second section is called “ Skills ” or “ Technical Skills . ”
It ’s the place to include your professional or hard skills .
In most cases , the strengths section appears near the top of the resume , while the skills section appears near the bottom .
As you can see , these skills are the critical tools and traits you need to succeed in the workplace .
They are all elements that you can learn , cultivate , develop , and maintain over your lifetime .
Be sure to not only develop them , but to share them with your future hiring manager on your resume !
Additional Jobseeker Resources
Senior U.S. officials deliberately misled the American people about the health of banksreceiving huge government cash infusions last year , according to a report released today from the Treasury Department TARP watchdog .
The officials believed they were telling nobel lies .
The idea was that confidence needed to be restored and panic stemmed , even if this meant misleading the public about the actual health of our financial institutions .
Of course , this backfired .
The government and the bailout lost public credibility when the financial crisis deepened , according to TARP watchdog Neil Barofsky 's report .
Worse , the lies may have made the crisis worse by creating false expectations that the bailed out banks would be able to increase lending .
Businesses and individuals planning to borrow would have discovered that their projects were impossible and their savings inadequate as banking lending continued to fall .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke that the $ 125 billion injection into nine banks in October 2008 was a program for " healthy " institutions .
But privately senior officials believed several of those firms were less than healthy .
Hank Paulson himself believed one of those institutions might fail .
" By stating that healthy ' institutions would be able to increase overall lending , Treasury may have created unrealistic expectations about the institutions ' condition and their ability to increase lending , " the report said .
Cool Trend : Nice Rinks Bring the Ice Rink Home
by Edie Pastis
10/07/09
When we think of favorite winter pastimes , ice skating is usually right up there with sledding , making snowmen , and skiing .
Now , with the innovation of NiceRinks , you can enjoy recreational activities like ice skating and ice hockey on your very own property !
Whether you are an amateur figure skater , you enjoy leisurely glides around the ice with a friend , or your kids are junior hockey players , a NiceRink could be a great wintertime addition to your home this year .
Order Your NiceRink Here
More About NiceRinks
NiceRinks were developed by former junior hockey player , Jim Stoller , his father and his grandfather .
Their family business originally manufactured plastic drop cloths and other materials , but segued into making rink liner materials when their homemade ice rink design took off .
Available in a variety of sizes , from smaller ( 20'x20 ' ) to larger ( 200'x85 ' - the official NHL rink size ) , NiceRinks can be customized for any family , or local skating or hockey team .
NiceRinks are designed for easy setup , maintenance and repairs , so consumers can enjoy this product year after year .
NiceRinks come with the preselected liners , brackets , thermoformed sideboards , and portable steel resurfacers — everything you need to construct your own NiceRink .
Other accessories can include resurfacing tools like ice mats , a self - coiling hose and a hose reel .
To prevent interference in your NiceRink gameplan , the company even includes a 25 ' roll of NiceRink permanent patch tape to repair any holes that may develop in the liner with extended use .
Recently , the company also created the more portable , easy to set up Rink - In - A - Box . Measuring 20 'x40 ' , the Rink - In - A - Box is simple to assemble , and ideal as a backyard kids - size skating rink .
It seems very likely that Rink - In - A - Box could be the latest accessory for sporty families this winter season !
Getting Your Own NiceRink
If you have kids who are aspiring hockey stars or Michelle Kwan wannabes , or you simply want a more active form of wintertime recreation to enjoy with your family , a NiceRink can be just what you 're looking for .
By contacting us today , we can get you in touch with a local contractor or installation expert who can help you set up your personalized NiceRink right away !
Do n't get stuck indoors this winter ; enjoy fresh air and seasonal fun with your family — with your very own home ice rink !
Featured Provider Near You
Chamberlain Construction
The Madrid research group RR de Acuña & Asociados said the collapse of Spain 's building industry will cause the economy to contract for the next three years , with a peak to trough loss of over 11 pc of GDP .
The grim forecast is starkly at odds with claims by premier Jose Luis Zapatero , who still says Spain 's recession will be milder than elsewhere in Europe .
Healthy people who catch swine flu need not be given Tamiflu , the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) has announced .
The advice appears to contradict the UK's policy of making the antiviral drug readily available to those who call the national pandemic helpline or approach their GPs .
Hundreds of thousands of doses have been given to British patients although the majority have not been severely ill .
Fears have been voiced that mass use of Tamiflu will make the virus resistant to it .
The latest advice from the WHO said : " Worldwide , most patients infected with the pandemic virus continue to experience typical influenza symptoms and fully recover within a week , even without any form of medical treatment .
Healthy patients with uncomplicated illness need not be treated with antivirals . "
Previously the WHO had said antivirals should be given to patients with " serious progressive illness " .
The new guidance is the first time it has specifically advised against otherwise healthy individuals being given the drug .
The recommendation is based on the conclusion of an international panel of experts that includes representatives from the UK .
The advice added that Tamiflu , also called oseltamivir , and the similar drug Relenza , also called zanamivir , should be given quickly to seriously ill or deteriorating patients .
The WHO guidance said at - risk groups should receive the drugs .
" For patients with underlying medical conditions that increase the risk of more severe disease , WHO recommends treatment with either oseltamivir or zanamivir .
" These patients should also receive treatment as soon as possible after symptom onset , without waiting for the results of laboratory tests .
As pregnant women are included among groups at increased risk , WHO recommends that they receive antiviral treatment as soon as possible after symptom onset . "
Some medical researchers have expressed concern about the side - effects of Tamiflu , particularly sickness , nightmares and insomnia in children .
A team from Oxford University said this month that children with mild symptoms should not be given Tamiflu and urged the Department of Health ( DoH ) to urgently rethink its policy .
Figures released by the DoH show that 45,986 courses of antivirals were given to patients in England in the week ending 18 August .
In the previous week 90,363 courses of antivirals were given out .
The data relates to people collecting the drugs after an assessment via the National Pandemic Flu Service .
Many more have collected antivirals via their GP .
The DoH said the new WHO guidance was not too different from its own position that people with mild symptoms could recover without antiviral drugs .
The new WHO statement said : " Worldwide , around 40 % of severe cases are now occurring in previously healthy children and adults , usually under the age of 50 years .
Some of these patients experience a sudden and very rapid deterioration in their clinical condition , usually on day five or six following the onset of symptoms . "
The first deaths of patients in Wales and Northern Ireland with swine flu has been announced , bringing the number of UK deaths to 61 .
In Wales , a 55 - year - old woman was admitted to the Royal Gwent hospital in Newport on 2 August and given antiviral drugs .
She developed cardiac problems and died on Saturday .
In Northern Ireland , a female patient who was said to have had an underlying health condition died last night in hospital .
No further details were released .
The Department of Health has hinted that accumulating evidence about the degree of severity of the outbreak might lead to a change in policy .
A spokesman said : " We believe a safety - first approach of offering antivirals , when required , to everyone remains a sensible and responsible way forward .
However we will keep this policy under review as we learn more about the virus and its effects . "
" The WHO recommendations are in fact in line with UK policy on antivirals .
We have consistently said that many people with swine flu only get mild symptoms and they may find bed rest and over - the - counter flu remedies work for them .
" WHO state that 40 % of severe cases worldwide have been in previously healthy children and adults and that serious cases should be treated immediately .
This emphasises the need not to become complacent about the mildness of the illness and the reasoning behind a precautionary policy .
" People with underlying health conditions , pregnant women and parents with children under the age of one should speak to their GP if they have symptoms .
If people have any doubts about taking antivirals they should contact their GP . "
von Robin Meyer - Lucht , 17.9.09
Das zwölfminütige Interview mit Jens Seipenbusch :
Video : Jens Seipenbusch im Interview ( Vimeo / YouTube )
Seipenbuschs zentrale Aussagen :
Der Status Quo der Medienindustrie ist nur noch mit rechtlich unverhältnismäßigen Mitteln zu verteidigen .
Das Internet nützt allen .
Das Urheberrecht muss so angepasst werden , dass es diesen gesellschaftlichen Nutzen unterstützt statt einschränkt .
Das Internet bedroht nicht die Kultur insgesamt , sondern eine bestimmte Kultur .
Wir brauchen eine Debatte , ob wir User - Generated - Content fördern wollen oder eine ausgesuchte Kultur von wenigen Produzenten .
Technikabgaben fördern eine Deutungshoheit der Wenigen .
Deshalb sind wir gegen weitere Technikabgaben .
Jeder gesellschaftliche Wandel ist ein Kampf zwischen fortschrittlichen Kräften und den Bewahrern , die vom alten Zustand profitieren .
Wir stehen auf der Seite derer , die den Fortschritt wollen .
Wir sind nicht freiheitsradikal .
Wir sind dafür , dass bestehende Bürgerrechte und Freiheiten nicht weiter durch Technik und wirtschaftliche Interessen eingeschränkt werden .
Dass es die Piratenpartei am 27 .
September in den Bundestag schafft , ist nicht wahrscheinlich – aber möglich .
Aber wir müssen unsere erste
Wahl nicht im Bund gewinnen , sondern können es – wie damals die Grünen – über die Kommunal - und Länderparlamente machen .
Viele Dinge in unserem Wahlkampf nicht so entstanden , dass sie von einer Zentrale vorgegeben wurden .
Mitglieder oder sogar Nicht - Mitglieder haben gesagt :
Wir wollen das machen .
Und dann haben die das gemacht .
[ Anmerkung : Wir entschuldigen uns für die technische Qualität des Videos .
Wird nächstes Mal besser .
Und ja , RML wirkt im Interview leicht derangiert - thomasleifesk .
Wird auch beim nächsten Mal besser . ]
17.07.2009 | Autor : Nikolaus Bernhardt
Es gab eine Zeit , in der Männer noch echte Männer waren .
Ingenieure waren damals Halbgötter in weißen Kitteln , die an Zeichenbrettern standen , den Rechenschieber immer auf dem Schreibtisch hatten , direkt daneben lagen Tabellenwerke mit den Werten für Sinus , Cosinus und vielen anderen Dingen , deren Verständnis kaum einem Normalsterblichen möglich war .
Als Schüler gehörte ich dem letzten Jahrgang an , der auf dem Gymnasium noch die Bedienung des Rechenschiebers lernen durfte mußte , auch wenn der unaufhaltliche Siegeszug des Taschenrechners bereits klar erkennbar war .
Ich erinnere mich noch gut an den ersten TI - 30 .
Doch zurück zu dem , was ich eigentlich sagen wollte .
Während Jung - Ingenieure , die von ihren ( viel ) älteren Kollegen mitunter als „ Kinder mit Taschenrechnern “ verspottet wurden , noch die Zahlen eintippten , hatten die Alt - Ingenieure mit ihren Rechenschiebern oftmals das Ergebnis .
Es stimmte nicht bis auf die letzte Nachkommastelle , war aber oftmals ausreichend genau genug .
Neben dem wieselflinken Umgang mit dem Rechenschieber waren viele Alt - Ingenieure ausgezeichnete Kopfrechner , die vor dem geistigen Auge auch größere Zahlen blitzeschnell ’ schriftlich ‘ multiplizierten oder dividierten .
Ingenieure müssen oft aber nicht nur die vier Grundrechenarten anwenden , fast immer im Leben braucht man trigonometrische Funktionen oder die Kreiszahl pi .
Aber auch das geht im Kopf , wie mir ein stolzer Alt - Ingenieur einmal verriet .
Er machte eine kleine Lehrstunde daraus :
„ Pi “ ersetzt der Ingenieur durch den Bruch 22 / 7 .
Das stimmt nicht ganz , aber der Fehler von einem Promille ist oftmals akzeptabel .
Auch die trigonometrischen Funktionen lassen sich im Kopf rechnen , ließ ich mich belehren .
„ Sinus und Cosinus haben die gleiche Kurvenform , sind nur um 90° verschoben , also brauchen wir eigentlich nur den Sinus , den Cosinus rechnen wir dann mit korrigierten Werten . “
Er mußte mein Gedächtnis nicht auffrischen , ich erinnerte mich an meinen Mathematikunterricht .
Er fuhr fort : „ Bei 90° wird die Kurve des Sinus an der Y - Achse gespiegelt , für Werte von 90° bis 180° gilt : ( 90+x ) ° = ( 90 - x ) ° , also rechnen wir das um .
Von 180° bis 360° verläuft die Sinuskurve genau wie für die ersten 180° , nur ist das Ergebnis dann negativ .
Eigentlich muß man nur die ersten 90° wissen , dann ist das Thema Sinus und Cosinus abgehakt . “
Er hielt kurz inne und vergewisserte sich , daß ich folgen konnte .
„ Für den Sinus gibt es ein paar kleine Hilfen . “
Er gab mir ein Blatt Papier und einen Druckbleistift .
„ Schreib Dir mal was auf :
In die erste Zeile schreibst in jede Spalte eine Null , denn der Sinus von Null ist bekanntlich Null . “
Ich schrieb .
„ In die nächste Zeile schreibst Du eine Eins , eine Sechs und eine Eins .
Hinten in der Tabelle haben die die Gradzahlen in Zehn - Grad-Schritten und der Sinus von 10° ist ziemlich genau ein Sechstel , also 1 - 6 - 1 . “
Ich schrieb und staunte .
„ Dann schreibst
Du eine Zwei , eine Sechs und eine Zwei , der Sinus von 20° ist zwei Sechstel , also 2 - 6 - 2 . “
Ich schrieb .
„ Dann wird es etwas einfacher , in die nächsten Zeilen schreibst Du 1 - 2 - 3 für 30° , 2 - 3 - 4 für 40° und 3 - 4 - 5 für 50° “ .
Ich füllte meine Tabelle .
„ Bis 50° liebt die Abweichung bei Plusminus zwei Prozent , das ist ausreichend genau genug . “
Ich rechnete die Brüche aus und vergleich ihre Ergebnisse mit dem richtigen Wert des Sinus .
Ich war erstaunt , daß diese einfache Tabelle tatsächlich funktionierte .
„ Bei 60° , 70° und 80° müssen wir etwas tricksen , da schreiben 60 - 69 - 6 für 60° , dann 70 - 75 - 7 für 70° und 84 -85 - 8 für 80° . “
Ich trug die Werte in die Tabelle ein .
„ Dafür ist es bei 90° wieder schön einfach , da schreibst Du 9 - 9 - 9 , denn der Sinus von 90° ist Neun Neuntel also Eins , diese Zeile der Tabelle haben wir nur aus Gründen der Vollständigkeit . “
Ich nickte stumm und betrachtete die Tabelle .
Zähler Nenner Winkel in ° mal 10 0 ( hier wird nicht geteilt ) 0 ( hier wird nicht geteilt ) 0 1 6 1 2 6 2 1 2 3 2 3 4 3 4 5 60 69 6 70 75 7 84 85 8 9 9 9
„ Diese Tabelle lernst Du einmal auswendig und übst dann ein wenig damit und schon kannst Du Sinuswerte für viele Werte im Kopf rechnen . “
Ich staunte .
„ Für Zwischenwerte muß man dann schätzen , aber das klappt meistens ganz gut und ist schneller , jedenfalls wenn die Rechenmaschine gut geölt ist . “
Er kratze sich am Kopf und beendete seine Lehrstunde .
Danke Meister !
Deploying Django projects is in general a straightforward affair , but it still suffers from a pain - point that 's as old as web apps themselves : deploying at an arbitrary root URL .
In my ideal world , I would push my shiny new Django project to the server , instruct Apache to mount it at " / my / shiny / app " , and everything would just work – all URLs would magically have " / my / shiny / app " stripped off on their way into Django and prepended again on their way out .
In the real world , Django comes pretty close to this ideal but stops just far enough short to be annoying .
First , here 's what Django gets right : reverse ( ) , permalink ( ) and { % url %} are awesome .
They introspect Django 's runtime environment to translate an application - level name or object into a deployment - level URL .
Your applications have no excuse for hard - coding URLs or even URL fragments .
In theory , these two functions should be enough to make Django completely agnostic about its deployment location .
Now here 's what Django gets wrong : some of its core components do n't use them .
Instead they use hard - coded URLs defined in the settings module , such as settings .
ADMIN_MEDIA_PREFIX and settings .
LOGIN_URL .
Attempts to patch these components to avoid hard - coded URLs have been closed wontfix , so I guess we 're stuck with them for a while .
The recommended approach is to have a separate settings .py file for each deployment scenario , so that you can adjust these hard - coded URLs as appropriate .
If you 're careful , you can define a single setting named BASE_URL and derive all the other hard - coded paths from that .
When you move the project to a new URL , you update settings .
BASE_URL and things should just work .
It 's a little less DRY than I 'd like , as you have to repeat information in your Apace config and in your settings .py file .
Nevertheless , this solution works well and it's what I 've been doing until today .
But I 've just set up a new testing server where individual tags and branches are available under dynamic URLs – http://test.example.com/trunk/ runs a copy of mainline trunk , / my - branch / runs a particular branch , / rel - X.Y.Z/ runs a particular release version , and so forth .
Managing a BASE_URL setting for each individual tag or branch in this scenario would quickly get out of control .
Instead , I decided to make my project completely location - agnostic by introspecting an appropriate BASE_URL at runtime and forcibly modifying the other URL settings to match it .
This is n't exactly trivial , since Django actively discourages runtime changes to the settings module .
There 's no obvious way to have some code run after the settings module has been loaded , after the request handler has determined the appropriate URL prefix , but before any requests have been processed .
Through a combination of middleware and a signal handler , I 've managed to make it work :
from django.conf import settings
from django.core import signals
from django.core.urlresolvers import get_script_prefix
def set_runtime_paths ( sender , ** kwds ) :
" " " Dynamically adjust path settings based on runtime configuration .
This function adjusts various path - related settings based on runtime
location info obtained from the get_script_prefix ( ) function .
It also
adds settings .
BASE_URL to record the root of the Django server .
" " "
# We only want to run this once ; the signal is just for bootstrapping
signals .
request_started .
disconnect ( set_runtime_paths )
base_url = get_script_prefix ()
while base_url .
endswith ( " / " ) :
base_url = base_url [ : - 1 ]
settings .
BASE_URL = base_url
url_settings = ( " MEDIA_URL " , " ADMIN_MEDIA_PREFIX " , " LOGIN_URL " ,
" LOGOUT_URL " , " LOGIN_REDIRECT_URL " )
for setting in url_settings :
oldval = getattr ( settings , setting )
if " :// " not in oldval and not oldval .
startswith ( settings .
BASE_URL ) :
if not oldval . startswith ( " / " ) :
oldval = " / " + oldval
setattr ( settings , setting , settings .
BASE_URL + oldval )
class RuntimePathsMiddleware :
" " " Middleware to re-configure paths at runtime .
This middleware class does n't do any request processing .
Its only
function is to connect the set_runtime_paths function to Django's
request_started signal .
We use a middleware class to be sure that it's
loaded before any requests are processed , but need to trigger on a signal
because middleware is loaded before the script prefix is set .
" " "
def __init__ ( self ) :
signals .
request_started .
connect ( set_runtime_paths )
The key here is Django 's get_script_prefix function , which uses runtime information to determine the root URL under which the project is deployed .
This is used by set_runtime_paths to configure BASE_URL and patch all the other hard - coded URLs appropriately .
Simple in theory , but it 's made needlessly complicated by the fact that prefix information is n't available until immediately before the first request is processed .
No problem you say , we 'll simply connect to the request_started signal and then disconnect once we 've done our thing .
Fine , but where do we do this connection ?
It ca n't be done from within settings .py since that would produce a circular import .
It could be done in urls .
py or within one of your applications , but you run the risk of another application squireling away a setting before you get around to changing it ( @login_required , for example , takes a local copy of settings .
LOGIN_URL ) .
We really need it to be connected before any views get loaded .
The solution that worked for me was to connect the signal in the constructor of a custom middleware class .
Django guarantees that all middleware classes are initialised before doing any request processing , and it does n't add any overhead once the signal is connected ; the middleware list gets filtered according to the methods that each class defines , and since RuntimePathsMiddleware does n't define any of them it will simply be discarded .
Then you just follow a few simple rules :
Use reverse ( ) to build URLs in your view functions
Use { % url %} to build URLs in your application - level templates
Use BASE_URL or derivatives to build URLs in your project - level templates
The end result : a Django project that can be moved to an arbitrary root URL without needing to change a single thing .
The Life
I suspect that many Mac users — as well as some aspiring developers — have only a half - conceived notion of the economics involved with becoming a successful indie Mac developer .
The basic idea is that a developer comes up with an idea for an app , implements it , ships it , and starts selling software licenses for , typically , around $ 20 - 40 a pop .
If he can sell 1,000 licenses in a year , that ’s a nice hobby .
Sell 2,000 , and he ’s getting close ; at around 3,000 licenses per year , revenue is probably in the ballpark range of a full - time salary .
( Keep in mind , however , that , say , $ 80,000 in software license revenue results in much less personal income than a job with an $ 80,000 salary ; salaried jobs tend to come with things like health insurance . )
At that point , I think , many people assume the developer has achieved The Life .
Economically freed from the need for a day job , he gets to hack all day on the software instead of being forced to squeeze development time out of nights and weekends .
I.e. that once a developer gets to the point where revenue from license sales is high enough to be considered a good full - time salary , he ’s done , and now he just has to keep it going .
But then what ?
What does it mean to keep it going ?
The full story is that like most forms of popularity , software sales tend to follow a power - law distribution .
Most apps languish in obscurity , but popular apps tend to become super - popular .
The hardest part about selling software is just getting noticed ; if your app is only known by the sort of people who check VersionTracker and MacUpdate a few times a day , or even just the sort of people who know what VersionTracker and MacUpdate are , it ’s unlikely that you ’ll sell enough software to earn a living .
But once you get over that initial hump , subsequent sales become much easier .
You start getting media coverage , and most importantly , assuming most of your users are happy , word - of - mouth advertising really starts to bloom .
But selling software is n’t like selling books .
When a book takes off and climbs the best - seller charts , that ’s just money in the author ’s pocket .
Each software sale , on the other hand , comes with incremental support costs .
Users need help .
They need help when they encounter bugs .
They need help sometimes when the software is working as intended .
With thousands of users , even if your software has few bugs and an easy - to - figure - out UI , you ’re going to field dozens of support issues every day .
And once it breaks out of the early - adopter crowd , new users are going to be even more likely to be the sort of people who need help with seemingly ridiculous issues , such as what to do with a disk image .
So the conundrum is this : once a developer gets enough paying users to consider quitting his day job so he can devote full - time effort to writing code , he ’s quite possibly got so many paying users that he ’ll spend much of his time helping customers in ways other than writing code .
That ’s why so few developers pull this trick off .
Two that come to mind are Michael “ C - Command ” Tsai and Gus “ Flying Meat ” Mueller .
I ’m sure there are others , but the list of one - man - show indie Mac developers is short .
Gone Gator
Which brings us to Brent Simmons , and last week ’s announcement that NewsGator has purchased the rights to Ranchero Software , including NetNewsWire , and hired Simmons as a “ product architect ” , which means , more or less , that he ’s been hired to keep working on NetNewsWire .
I get the impression that many NetNewsWire users were surprised by this .
Not that NewsGator would want to buy NetNewsWire — people had been speculating about this ever since NewsGator bought Nick Bradbury ’s Windows - only FeedDemon back in May 1 — but that Simmons would want to sell .
By the “ make some cool software and sell enough copies to make a nice salary for yourself ” theory , Simmons was , obviously , doing quite well .
On a typical weekday , Daring Fireball ’s main RSS feed is accessed by NetNewsWire from about 8,000 unique IP addresses ; in the month of October to date , 21,274 unique IPs hit the main DF feed using NetNewsWire .
And those are only the numbers for the paid version of NetNewsWire , not the free NetNewsWire Lite — add in another 15,468 unique IP addresses if you want to count NetNewsWire Lite , too .
Unique IP addresses do not correspond , one - to - one , to unique users , of course .
One kid with an iBook wandering around a Wi-Fi- saturated college campus could be hitting it from half a dozen different IP addresses in a day .
But it ’s a good ballpark estimate , and so it ’s hard to look at these server stats and come to any conclusion other than that Ranchero has sold many thousands of NetNewsWire licenses .
RSS usage is still nascent ; there are still more people out there who do n’t use an RSS aggregator but who will , soon , than there are people already using one .
And NetNewsWire ’s position in the market is stronger than ever , even in the face of new and free competitors .
Daring Fireball ’s feed traffic certainly is n’t representative of the RSS market as a whole , but NetNewsWire ’s presence is simply remarkable nonetheless .
Here ’s a breakdown by percentage of aggregators accessing Daring Fireball ’s main feed , from 1 September – 10 October 2005 :
Aggregator Share NetNewsWire ( total ) 64.1 NetNewsWire 1.0.x 1.2 NetNewsWire 2.0.x 34.0 NetNewsWire Lite 1.0.x 4.0 NetNewsWire Lite 2.0.x 26.1 Safari 14.8 News
Fire 3.7 PulpFiction ( total ) 1.4 PulpFiction Lite 0.8 PulpFiction 0.6 FeedDemon 0.7 Shrook 0.5 OmniWeb 0.2 Other 18.6
( The 18.6 percent “ Other ” is mostly a long tail of many different user agents , although a few percent of them are apparently using Firefox ’s “ Live Bookmarks ” , but I did n’t feel like re-running the script to count them separately . )
Arguably , looking at my main feed is statistically unfair given that it ’s included in the default subscription list for NetNewsWire .
There are quite possibly many people who are subscribed to DF ’s feed not because they ’re regular readers , but simply because they never bothered to unsubscribe from the default feeds in NetNewsWire .
More fair would be to look at the stats for the special RSS feed for my Tiger Details Report back in April .
The top four user agents accessing that feed :
Aggregator Share NetNewsWire ( total ) 51.4 NetNewsWire 2.0.x 36.1 NetNewsWire Lite 2.0.x 14.0 Safari 38.0 News
Fire 3.3 NetNewsWire 1.0.8 1.3 Mozilla /5.0 ( Sage ) 0.9
Even here , with a brand new feed that is not listed in the default subscriptions for any aggregator , NetNewsWire ’s share is significantly higher than Safari’s , and no one else is really even in the same ballpark .
And the numbers from Daring Fireball members who subscribe to the members - only RSS feeds ( full - content for regular articles , and the Linked List feed ) are just sick :
Aggregator Share NetNewsWire ( total ) 74.2 NetNewsWire 1.0.x 0.1 NetNewsWire 2.0.x 62.2 NetNewsWire Lite 1.0.x 0.9 NetNewsWire Lite 2.0.x 12.5 Safari 9.6 Bloglines 9.5 News
Fire 8.5 PulpFiction 1.7 OmniWeb 1.4 Shrook 1.3 FeedDemon 0.4 Other 16.5
NetNewsWire ’s market share among Daring Fireball members is simply titanic .
These numbers are interesting in a few other ways , as well :
The number of DF members using the paid version is almost five times higher than the number using the free Lite version ; for the Tiger Details Report feed it was only about two times higher , and for the default ( free ) DF feed , the numbers are close to even .
Safari ’s market share here is curiously low , I suspect because it does n’t make much sense to use Safari ’s RSS feature to read the full - content Daring Fireball feed ; Safari ’s RSS - reading UI is clearly optimized for excerpts and blurb - length posts , and if that ’s what you want , you might as well use the regular excerpts - only DF feed even if you are a paid member with access to the full - content feed .
I do n’t track Bloglines in my free feeds , because I do n’t think there ’s any good way of accurately gauging how many people are actually using it .
Bloglines reports that over 3,000 Bloglines users are subscribed to my default feed , but that counts everyone who has ever used Bloglines to read my feed , even people who tried Bloglines out for a day and decided they did n’t like it .
Whereas with the members - only feeds , it ’s possible to get an accurate count because each member uses their own username and password to access the feeds .
News
Fire is way more popular with Daring Fireball members than with non-members .
Same goes for OmniWeb , PulpFiction , and Shrook for that matter .
I think this is simply common sense : people who are willing to pay money to support Daring Fireball are more likely than average to be willing to pay money to purchase software .
Sold Out
And so the thinking of those who were surprised by this deal goes something like , I thought Brent was doing great on his own , why would he sell the app to a larger company and take a job working for them , when he was already living The Life , working only for himself ?
The thing is , Ranchero was doing great , sales - wise .
The problem is that they were doing so great that Simmons was n’t living The Life .
One thing worth noting is that Brent was not alone at Ranchero ; he was helped , tremendously , by the full - time help of his wife and partner Sheila .
Sheila managed a bunch of the unglamorous aspects of running the business , most especially serving as the first responder for customer support .
The fact that Brent had Sheila ’s full - time help is probably the only reason he was able to fly solo for as long as he did .
In fact , it ’s not even fair to say that Brent was in the same one - man - show category that Michael Tsai and Gus Mueller are in .
Sheila was the secret ingredient that kept Ranchero rolling as the NetNewsWire user base grew into the thousands .
But NewsWire ’s continuing boom pushed things to the point where even with Sheila ’s full - time help , Brent was n’t getting to spend nearly as much time as he wanted writing code .
Instead , he was spending time helping customers make use of the code he ’d already written .
Novelists are n’t expected to help people read their books ; musicians do n’t help fans play their CDs ; but programmers are expected to help you with their software .
When a solo developer reaches the point where an app becomes so popular he needs help , there are only several options .
One is to hire help , to build a company around the products .
Two long - standing examples are Bare Bones Software and Panic ; Rogue Amoeba is an example of a newcomer .
But there ’s nothing easy about this .
For one thing , even if you hire just one person , you ’ve greatly increased the amount of revenue you need to generate .
And it needs to be steadier revenue — if you ’re only supporting yourself , you do n’t have to write paychecks every two weeks .
Running a company with even a single employee involves a ton of overhead ; the whole point of The Life is the idea that you can just sit around all day hacking on code and watch the money roll in through Kagi or eSellerate .
That ’s not what it ’s like if you own a software company with employees .
Another option is just not to worry about keeping up with the flow of support issues .
Tempting , for sure , but certainly not a good way to build up a reserve of goodwill from your users .
There ’s a lot of overlap in the Venn diagram of the intersection between successful indie Mac developers and indie Mac developers with a reputation for being responsive to customers .
From what I know of Brent Simmons , this was never an option for him — his personality is such that he ’s incapable of being unresponsive to his users .
And then there ’s the buyout solution .
Instead of building a new company around the product , sell the product to an existing company .
A decade ago , this was a common pattern for indie Mac developers — build a product , get some revenue , and then sell to a larger company .
NetNewsWire users are worried about this NewsGator deal .
For one thing , NewsGator is largely unknown , or , rather , is largely unknown in the Mac world .
Another basis for concern is the memory of other acquisitions that have gone sour in the past .
( The old joke about Symantec is that their slogan should have been : “ Where good software goes to die ” . )
But mostly I think NetNewsWire users are worried because they ’re confused , because they do n’t understand why Brent would sell Ranchero if he was already doing well financially on his own .
And so I suspect there ’s some lingering concern that Brent has simply cashed out and will be walking away from NetNewsWire .
Not that there ’d be anything wrong with cashing out , if that ’s what Brent wanted to do , but I ’m extremely bullish on the future of NetNewsWire , and reason is that I do n’t think the motivating factor for Brent was the money , but rather the time .
I got to talk to Brent about this extensively last week at the Web 2.0 Conference .
I do n’t know and did n’t ask the financial terms of the acquisition , but I think it ’s safe to assume Brent did well by the deal .
And but I do know and did ask what Brent ’s role is going to be moving forward : he ’ll be devoting nearly all of his time to improving NetNewsWire , which he was no longer able to do at Ranchero .
It ought to work out well for everyone .
Brent and Sheila get rewarded financially for their success and work over the past two years , and Brent gets to devote his time and energy to programming .
By selling his company and working on NetNewsWire as a NewsGator employee , Brent has actually gotten closer to The Life than he was as an indie .
NetNewsWire users get a generous transition deal : two years of subscription service to NewsGator online , including synching storage , access to other NewsGator software , and all updates to NetNewsWire released in that time .
Considering that NetNewsWire 2.0 was a free update , this makes NetNewsWire 1.0 look like one of the best deals in Mac history — if you bought NetNewsWire 1.0 in February 2003 , you not only still have n’t paid a dime in upgrade fees , but you wo n’t for another two years , either .
And not only will the free NetNewsWire Lite remain , but they plan to add synching features to it .
As for NewsGator , in the course of one week they ’ve gone from having almost no presence in the Mac RSS market to being the most important third - party RSS developer on the platform .
They now publish the best desktop news reader for the Mac as well as what ’s generally regarded as the best news reader for Windows , FeedDemon .
And they ’re doing it right — they ’ve kept the original developers on board , and they have no plans to merge the two into a Frankensteinian “ FeedWire ” or “ NetNewsDemon ” .
This is a story involving a lot of money , a lot of users , an ambitious company , and a popular new technology that ’s heading into the mainstream .
But what it really boils down to is a crackerjack programmer carving out a space where he can continue focusing on one of the best apps the Mac has ever seen .
