Image via Wikipedia
I was recently sucked into a conversation with Libertarians which I found after they linked to me .
I know I really should n’t have done that but some times I ca n’t resist .
Unfortunately I can’t really continue commenting there because the comment form they have there is slow , ugly and buggy and it generally not good for having a comfortable conversation .
As is classic , the main argument that was raised there was that the “ Free Markets are the best ev4r ” .
Anything wrong with the world is blamed on the government and everything good on the “ Free ” Markets .
This is based on the idea that anything that moves towards deregulation does well but anything that moves away does bad .
As an example for that , the US was proposed which apparently for the last 30 years has been moving towards socialism ( I kid you not , the greatest push towards neoliberalism in the history of the US and the world was actually a move toward socialism ) .
Other than the usual strawmen like equating communism with USSR and failing to grasp how it does not require a state another argument was put forward :
So again , you do not care what the other 10 % want , you will forcefully take from them what they have earned for yourself .
You are blaming them for your own failures .
I have no desire or need to exploit anyone else in order to get what I want out of life .
I wish to treat everyone as equals while knowing full well that we are not all equal .
Some people have more desire , more ambition , more knowledge , more energy , more perseverance , and more skill than others .
I know where my faults lie and I know what I am capable of doing and I know that I am not equal to everyone else and not better than them either .
I am my own man , with my own desires , and I want to fulfill those desires without the need to force other people to shares them with me .
Indeed , I do not care what the 10 % want because what they want can only be achieved by exploiting the other 90 % .
When the majority of the world wants to move to an egalitarian system where nobody is exploited , nobody had to starve and nobody has to work where they do not want , why should we care that we do n’t spoil the party of those 10 % who are living the good life ?
Apparently for the Libertarian , having the vast majority of the people in abject poverty is fine and dandy as long as some of them have theoretically the chance to rise to the top .
He assumes that the majority of the wealthy have risen to the top from the lower classes but that ’s just just untrue .
The majority of the people are born into their position and there ’s a small minority that manages to rise above their class .
The later examples have more to do with luck than it has to do with skill .
Yes the people who become wealthy from poverty , have to have skill , but there ’s much more hard - working , skillful people who cannot rise , not because they are worse , but because there ’s simply not enough room at the top .
But for a Liberatian that ’s alright .
As long as those 10 % of humanity have absolute freedom , he can simply assume that their position is deserved .
And anyone who dares to disagree must be a lazy bum who is simply not hard - working , skilful or competitive enough to achieve it .
This reminds me of the common U.S. American arrogance where they assume that their position as world power was deserved because of how hard - working and skilful as a whole they are .
So yeah , I have no qualms in taking the means of production from the 10 % who owns them and forces the rest of humanity to wage - slavery .
I have no qualms in wishing for a better society where everyone has a chance to happiness instead of the minority who just happened to be lucky .
And yes , prosperity today has much more to do with where and from which you were born than with how hard - working or talented one is .
Making happiness and life - fulfillment a lottery is simply selling humanity short .
The thing that is telling about Libertarians is how little they understand the system they support .
The “ Free ” market is equated with Capitalism and all together is provided as a panacea .
I answered for you because I knew you could n’t .
You proved it too .
“ Seizing the means of production ” is that not force ?
You still fail to understand free markets .
I do not support coercion by force of the state , that is not a free market and it is not capitalism .
On the other hand you support the idea of force , workers forcefully taking over the means of production from the owners of that production .
The “ Free ” Markets you ’re wishing for cannot work without a government force behind them .
Otherwise there would be nothing to stop criminals or enforce contracts .
It is this state force that the Capitalists who controls all the wealth and power will seize and increase , for their own interests .
It is this state force that the Capitalist will use to bust unions who “ illegally go on a strike ” .
The idea of Libertarianism is simply Government protection only for the rich ( more than it is now that is ) .
It is not a problem to force starving people in brutal “ voluntary ” contracts and then use the government to enforce them .
That is the coercive force that the “ Free ” Markets use .
When this force is rejected by the majority of the human wage - slaves , they will revolt and attempt to seize the means of production .
The “ non-coercive ” Libertarians will immediately claim that they are assaulted , even though what is simply happening is the majority rejecting the minority ’s rules , and will send the state to intervene .
This , for the Libertarian is fair game for they are only protecting their “ rightful property ” after all .
This has been the history of revolution everywhere however .
The oppressed majority rising up , without force and demanding equality , and the minority using the state machine to put them into their place .
First it was the slaves , then it was the peasants , and now it ’s the proletariat .
And in every case , the minority was , in their own minds , in the right .
But when the vast majority wants to play a new game , there is not reason to keep playing the old one , simply because the ones who were winning already do n’t like it .
When there is a difference on what is “ right ” between the vast majority of the working class and the small minority of the bourgeoisie , I do not see why the small minority must have its way .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
In the Huffington Post yesterday Srinivasan Pillay informs readers about the Science of Distant Healing .
Although Orac professed some ( perhaps for dramatic effect ) surprise that the HuffPo has sunk to such pseudoscientific depths , I confess I was not surprised .
This is on a par with the antivaccinationist crankery that has found a home at HuffPo and the occasional Chopra nonsense .
Any publication with the lax journalistic standards that would allow such rabid antivaccinationist nonsense to be published under its banner is capable of almost anything .
What Pilly is now offering is the claim that distant healing effects are real based upon poorly referenced and cherry picked data , abject naivete as to the nature of research , and the usual handwaving explanations invoking ( or course ) quantum mechanics .
The Claim
Pillay claims there is good evidence that distant healing effects are real .
The effect , he claims , is due to “ intention ” – which is a euphamism for “ wishing ” , which means he is talking about magic .
If everyone in the audience says they believe in faires , then Tinkerbell will come back to life .
For evidence Pillay cites a study alleging to show that one member of a couple can influence the autonomic function of their partner in a separate room .
Unbelievably Pillay did not give the reference , and had to be brow beat in the comments to do so .
I found the study abtract online .
( Orac was sent the full version by a reader , so had access to more details ) .
It turns out the study was performed by Dean Radin , which might explain Pillay ’s reluctance to give the reference .
Radin has a reputation for creatively massaging data , and other researchers have a hard time replicating his claims for positive results .
From the abtract of this study he write :
Planned differences in skin conductance among the three groups were not significant , but a post hoc analysis showed that peak deviations were largest and most sustained in the trained group , followed by more moderate effects in the wait group , and still smaller effects in the control group .
If we take a skeptical eye toward any study such as this there are two basic questions that need to be answered – was their adequate blinding , and is the signal in the data real or the result of fudging , cherry picking or bias .
Regarding blinding , Orac brings up excellent points – the person receiving the intention was being watched by a remote camera during periods of intention , so perhaps the little red light on the camera came on and clued them in .
No attempt was made to verify that the recipient was properly blinded .
But the quote above from the abstract is perhaps even more of a problem .
I interpret that to mean – the agreed upon outcome measures were negative , so I went back and looked at the data again ( post hoc ) and was able to massage an apparent effect out of the noise .
Radin is known for doing multiple fancy statistical manipulations of the data , as he did in this case , and spinning gold out of straw .
He also discarded a few bits of data as “ artifacts ” which is further suspect .
The bottom line is that this is a dubious study by a researcher with a dedicated ideology and a poor history .
I would not even begin to take this research seriously until it was independently replicated by more respected and skeptical researchers .
Pillay , however , is ready to rewrite the physics textbooks .
Quantum Woo
Having prematurely concluded that intention magic is real , Pillay offers these possibilities as to mechanism :
(1 ) that intention is transmitted by an as yet unknown energy signal ; ( 2 ) that intention warps space - time much like gravity , creating pathways for connection ; ( 3 ) that people , like particles are described in quantum physics , have instantaneous correlations across distance ; ( 4 ) that intention is much like measurement in quantum physics .
It organizes random possibilities much like how wave functions can be collapsed into a single function .
The first option – an unknown energy signal – is almost the equivalent of saying “ by magic . ”
First , the room in which the receiver sat was extensively shielded .
So this unknown energy must have some unusual properties – it can go through heavy shielding but will interact with soft biology .
It also , apparently , can be generated by the human brain .
Until such a candidate energy is detected and something is known about its characteristics , and it is plausibly tied to biological creation and effects – this option does not deserve to be taken seriously .
This is the equivalent of Larry Arnold inventing the new subatomic particle he dubbed the “ pyron ” to explain spontaneous human combustion .
First , he failed to demonstrate the phenomenon is real , and second you just ca n’t make up the physics as you go along .
The second choice is intention warps space - time .
Wow – that is some serious woo .
Well , I guess if Hiro can do it on the Heroes , it makes sense .
And then he goes into the typical quantum woo , completely misunderstanding quantum mechanics .
There are two basic reasons that quantum weird effects do not apply to people ( and for all those physics majors out there , forgive my oversimplification , but these are the key concepts as I understand them ) .
The first is that as particles interact with other particles any quantum non-locality or entanglement is effectively lost .
This is called decoherence .
For that reason quantum effects just do n’t apply to people .
Or ( as Michio Kaku said when I interviewed him on the SGU ) it does , but you would have to wait longer than the age of the universe for any quantum effects to manifest .
In fact I specifically asked Michio if quantum mechanics allows for any new age woo , and he said unequivocally no .
The second reason quantum effects do not apply to people is the de Broglie wavelength .
Louis de Broglie won the Nobel prize in 1929 for his work in quantum mechanics deriving the formula for calculating the effective wavelength of an electron .
His equation actually applies to any physical object , including a person .
The de Broglie wavelength of anything is equal to Planck ’s constant ( 6.626 x10 ^ - 34 ) divided by the object ’s momentum .
For electrons , this gives a sizable wavelength .
The bigger an object the smaller the de Broglie wavelength , and for macroscopic objects it is insignificantly small .
This determines in essence the degree of quantum uncertainty , which is so tiny we can ignore it for macroscopic objects .
Bottom line – quantum effects cannot be invoked to explain the magic of intention .
Sorry , Pillay .
Conclusion
Once again we see a pattern of a believer who credulously accepts the reality of a phenomenon based upon cherry picked , flawed , and vastly insufficient evidence .
They then prematurely propose mechanisms for the alleged phenomenon which turn out to be just fancy ways of saying “ magic ” or butchering existing science .
The science butchered is usually cutting edge stuff poorly understood by the public – and today , hands down , that is quantum mechanics .
This is an epic science failure for Pillay and the Huffington Post .
There 's some debate over what , exactly , constituted the first videogame and who created it .
However , Nolan Bushnell 's Spacewar !
clone , Computer Space , undeniably sparked a sequence of events that ushered in the golden age of arcade gaming .
Starting with Pong , these early technological pioneers were playing without rules , producing an enormously diverse burst of creativity , ranging widely across titles such as Space Invaders , Pac - Man , Defender , and Asteroids .
However , it was a game starring a plumber and a gorilla that kick - started the fad mentality of gaming , establishing the first of many genres to inspire both audiences and money men alike .
Here , we present the genres that helped evolve the industry from humble 8 - bit beginnings to the multimillion dollar entertainment behemoth it is today .
Partly spurred on by the Sega / Nintendo - inspired advent of home consoles in the early ' 80s , the arrival of the platform game added greater variety to the single - screen or simple scrolling shooters of the arcade era .
Donkey Kong might have been the first , or maybe it was Pitfall ! , but either way , the ideas encapsulated in each reached their culmination in the shape of Super Mario Bros. , which sold over 40 million copies after its release in 1985 .
Five or six years later , the genre was still going strong , a fact amply demonstrated by the showdown between Super Mario World and Sega 's Sonic the Hedgehog .
And later still the genre underwent a resurgence with the arrival of 3D technology , which made games like Mario 64 and Tomb Raider possible in the mid-'90s .
With such a long lifespan , it 's perhaps no surprise that the platforming game was n't the only contender for the dominant genre of the mid- to late - '80s .
The beat 'em up appeared slightly later than the earliest platform games , but for many years the two co-existed .
Early scrolling beat 'em ups , like Kung Fu Master ( 1984 ) and Altered Beast ( 1988 ) even bore some resemblance to platforming games , with punching and kicking taking the place of jumping and leaping , and they reached their pinnacle at the end of the ' 80s with Double Dragon , Final Fight , and Streets of Rage .
But in 1991 a new era of fighting games kicked off with the arrival of a new contender : Street Fighter II .
Still one of the best beat 'em ups ever , it introduced the concept of combos and inspired Midway 's Mortal Kombat a year later ( which , in turn , sparked one of the medium 's early moral panics , culminating in US Senate hearings about videogame violence ) .
The beat 'em up was so successful , in fact , that for several generations , no home console could launch without one : the Saturn had Virtua Fighter ; PlayStation had Battle Arena Toshinden ( and , later , Tekken ) ; Dreamcast had Soul Calibur ; and the PlayStation 2 got Street Fighter EX3 .
Even Xbox got in on the act with Dead or Alive 3 ( although the less said about Kabuki Warriors and Kakuto Chojin , the better ) .
And though the genre is no longer number one , games like Soul Calibur IV demonstrate that its soul still burns .
In some respects , the dominance of platform games and beat 'em ups was a measure of the dominance of arcade coin-ops and home consoles .
The arrival of Doom , in 1993 , however , marked the arrival of the PC as a gaming platform .
Everybody knows , now , that Doom did n't invent the first - person shooter .
It merely popularised it .
But boy did it popularise it , taking over workplaces across the world with its LAN deathmatches , and spawning a flood of imitators that occupied gamers up until the start of the next century .
Duke Nukem 3D and Quake were among the better ones , before GoldenEye rewrote the rules of the genre for home consoles and Medal of Honor took it down the road of historical accuracy .
Other notable developments include Half - Life 's breathtakingly atmospheric narrative and Deus Ex's open - ended , systemic design , which took the first person shooter ever further away from its original source material .
It 's a genre that 's so popular that it 's never really gone away – but more on that later .
For now , let 's turn to Command & Conquer and realtime strategy – the other pillar on which the mid-'90s rise of PC gaming was built .
Like Doom it did n't invent the genre ( Dune II did , sort of ) .
Heck , it was n't even the best realtime strategy game around at the time – Warcraft II was , by a considerable margin .
But it was the game that firmly established the RTS , and it continued to do so through several sequels , leaving a succession of similar titles in its tank - rushing wake .
Indeed it felt like every PC game released in the late '90s was – if it was n't an FPS – some sort of RTS , though very few managed to substantially improve on the Command & Conquer and Warcraft franchises ( one notable exception that actually did was Starcraft ) .
Only recently has there been renaissance in RTS gaming , with the likes of Dawn of War and Company of Heroes striving to strike out into new directions .
Rooftop falcon - cams and electric - car chargers on streetlights may sound like things out of the future , but for the city of San Jose , California , the future is now .
Okay , I ’ll admit it .
Having grown up on the East Coast , for much of my life all I knew of San Jose was that Dionne Warwick apparently did n’t know how to get back there .
But take one look at the LEED Platinum - certified City Hall ; the Falcom - Cam that keeps watch of once - endangered Peregrine Falcons that now nest annually on the building ’s roof , and ; the electric car charging station across the street , and you ’ll get a peak into the future of urban sustainability .
The thing about San Jose , Mayor Chuck Reed said to me during a phone call we had last week , is that “ innovation just happens ” happens in the Silicon Valley .
Obviously not every city has the advantage of such a robust technologically innovative base , but like any other city , the hard part , explained Reed , is implementing policies to facilitate the development of that innovation .
Electric car - charging networks and regional sustainability
For example , said Reed , the technology exists to put electric car charging stations on light posts all across town , but because street lights are metered differently than other loads , and the metering infrastructure is owned and operated by Pacific Gas & Electric , the current institutional infrastructure would not be able to account for the energy used , even though the technical component of converting those streetlights is not the sticking point .
But building an electric vehicle infrastructure is something that is creeping ahead despite the bureaucratic hurdles it faces .
San Jose ’s four vehicle charging stations are open to the public through Coulomb Technologies ’ ChargePoint Network .
Coupled with the new installations at San Francisco City Hall and similar efforts in Oakland , the region is forging ahead as an electric vehicle hub .
Continued …
Police are currently tracking a number of suspected terror plots
The home secretary has described the terrorism threat facing the UK as " severe " and " growing " .
In a News of the World interview , Jacqui Smith said 30 terror plots were being investigated and police needed to be able to detain suspects for longer .
But one Labour MP said he hoped the government would be defeated over its plans to extend the time suspects can be held without charge to 42 days .
The Tories and LibDems say increasing time limits will not help fight terror .
' Growing threat '
Ms Smith said : " We now face a threat level that is severe .
It 's not getting any less , it 's actually growing .
We can't wait for an attack to succeed and then rush in new powers .
We 've got to stay ahead
Jacqui Smith
Home secretary
' Thousands ' pose terror threat MI5 ' evolving ' to meet threat " There are 2,000 individuals they are monitoring .
There are 200 networks .
There are 30 active plots .
" That has increased over the past two years .
Since the beginning of 2007 , 57 people have been convicted on terrorist plots .
" Nearly half of those pleaded guilty so this is not some figment of the imagination .
It is a real risk and a real issue we need to respond to .
" We can't wait for an attack to succeed and then rush in new powers .
We 've got to stay ahead . "
Police support
Under the new proposals the home secretary would be able to immediately extend the detention limit of a suspect to 42 days , as long as it was supported by a joint report by a chief constable and the director of public prosecutions .
The extension would then have to be approved by the Commons and the Lords within 30 days .
But if either House voted against it , the power would end at midnight on the day of the debate .
The government faces a rebellion within its own ranks over the plans - in 2005 it was defeated over proposals to extend the limit to 90 days .
Labour MP Frank Cook told the BBC the current proposals would be a " recruiting agent for terrorism " .
Mr Cook , MP for Stockton North , did not vote when Tony Blair tried to introduce the 90 day limit in November 2005 for Parliamentary reasons , but said that at the time he was " minded to support the government " .
He said : " At the time I did n't feel it was a problem .
Only later I realised there were not enough safeguards , " he said .
In Canada it 's still one day , and we 're talking about 42 .
In America it 's only two days and we 're talking about 42 .
In Australia it 's 12 days
Chris Huhne
Lib Dem home affairs spokesman
Last week former cabinet minister Frank Dobson warned that opposition by Labour backbenchers has increased , because no evidence had been produced of a need to go beyond the present 28 - day limit .
The proposals are supported by some senior police officers but , if passed , could face a court challenge from the Equality and Human Rights Commission .
Last November , Jonathan Evans , MI5 's director general , spoke of 2,000 people posing a threat to the UK - the same number quoted by the home secretary .
However , he went on to say that the number had not peaked .
Same number
In November 2006 , the then MI5 director general , Dame Eliza Manningham - Buller , again spoke of 30 different terror plots and said 1,600 individuals were being monitored .
Tony Blair 's former attorney - general , Lord Goldsmith , again stressed his opposition to the 42 - day limit .
He told Sky News that Ms Smith and the prime minister were embarked on a course that was wrong
What you need if you 've got an increase in plots is the right quantum of resources for both the police and the intelligence services
Dame Pauline Neville - Jones
Conservative security spokeswoman " I still hope that they may see that ultimately it does n't make sense to pursue this , and they will get huge support from a lot of other people - from me in particular - for all the other steps that they want to take in order that we have a tough , firm but fair policy on prevention of terrorism . "
Conservative security spokeswoman , Dame Pauline Neville - Jones , told the BBC she did not agree with the government 's approach .
" If there is an increase in plots it does n't follow , I fear , that the right way to deal with that is actually then to hold suspects for an even longer time .
" What you need if you 've got an increase in plots is the right quantum of resources for both the police and the intelligence services to track and disrupt the plots - and that 's a question of bringing resources to bear . "
Lib Dem home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said the move to extend the time limit for holding terror suspects was " ridiculous " .
" We have a 92 % conviction rate on terrorist offences .
For heavens sake that 's far higher than on ordinary criminal cases .
" So what on earth is the government on about in saying that we need to go further than any comparable country has anywhere else in the world ?
" In Canada it 's still one day , and we 're talking about 42 .
In America it 's only two days and we 're talking about 42 .
In Australia it 's 12 days . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A breakthrough cure for Ebola - is a breakthrough not only because it may give us a cure for an uncurable , incredibly nasty virus , but also because the same method might work for other viruses ...
INSTRUCTIONS
My personal best so far is 19.099 seconds .
Once upon a time , researchers knew that DNA contained four nucleotides : A , T , C and G .
Then they found a fifth .
And now they 've found a sixth .
Called 5 - hydroxymethylcytosine , it 's a form of the fifth nucleotide , technically known as 5 - methylcytosine .
Like its forerunner , it helps turn genes on and off , but in ways that researchers did n't expect .
" I think this finding will electrify the field of epigenetics , " said Nathaniel Heintz , a Rockefeller University molecular biologist , in a press release accompanying the findings , published Thursday in Science .
Epigenetics , or the study of gene activation , has blossomed since the Human Genome Project 's completion in 2004 .
Controlled by a secondary layer of biochemical information — " epi " means " outside " — genes are turned on and off at different times and places in the body .
That helps explain why , despite considerable genetic overlap , species take such different forms .
( Humans and chimpanzees famously share 96 percent of their DNA . )
One powerful epigenetic mechanism is methylation , in which 5 - methylcytosine replaces cytosine — the letter C — in a gene , telling the cellular machinery that turns genetic code into proteins to leave it unread .
Heintz made his findings almost accidentally while developing new methods for studying methylation in mouse neurons .
According to Heintz , methylation performed by 5 - hydroxymethylcytosine does n't behave in the same way as that produced by old - fashioned 5 - methylcytosine .
And just to make the situation trickier , standard methods of methylation detection can't distinguish between the two forms .
Further research is needed to show if the new methylation method is present in humans , but it may be .
An accompanying Science paper by researchers from Harvard University and the National Institutes of Health describes the detection in humans of 5 - hydroxymethylcytosine - producing enzymes .
Time will tell whether Heintz ' prediction was skewed by the giddiness of discovery , but the findings are intriguing .
If 5 - hydroxymethylcytosine is as unique and important as he says it is , new epigenetic measurement tools will need to be developed .
The Human Epigenome Project may need to be recalibrated .
See Also :
* Citations : " Conversion of 5 - Methylcytosine to
5 - Hydroxymethylcytosine in Mammalian DNA by the MLL Fusion Partner
TET1 . " By Mamta Tahiliani , Kian Peng Koh , Yinghua Shen , William A .
Pastor , Hozefa Bandukwala , Yevgeny Brudno , Suneet Agarwal ,
Lakshminarayan M. Iyer , David R. Liu , L. Aravind , Anjana Rao .
Science ,
Vol. 324 Issue 5925 , April 17 , 2009 . *
" The Nuclear DNA Base
5 - Hydroxymethylcytosine Is Present in the Brain and More Abundant in
Purkinje Neurons . "
By Skirmantas Kriaucionis and Nathaniel Heintz .
Science , Vol. 324 Issue 5925 , April 17 , 2009 .
Image : Science
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
March 16 , 2009 Volume 87 , Number 11 p. 7
Policy
Obama 's Nod To Science
President signs orders on scientific integrity , stem cell research
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA has signed orders that , observers say , underscore his Administration 's commitment to science .
Specifically , Obama signed an executive memorandum to ensure that scientific policy decisions are based on facts and not ideology .
He also signed an executive order to lift an eight - year - old limit on federal funding of research on human embryonic stem cells .
Jeff Miller / University of Wisconsin- Madison
Researchers can now get federal support for human embryonic stem cell research .
" Promoting science is n't just about providing resources — it 's also about protecting free and open inquiry , " the President said at a March 9 signing ceremony at the White House .
" It 's about letting scientists like those who are here today do their jobs , free from manipulation or coercion , and listening to what they tell us , even when it 's inconvenient . "
The memorandum directs the head of the Office of Science & Technology Policy to develop a strategy to protect the integrity of science , including making sure science policy decisions are transparent and science adviser appointments are based on credentials and not politics .
Such a strategy might be delayed , however , as Obama 's pick to head OSTP , John Holdren , has yet to be confirmed .
" Given the vast challenges confronting our nation , the practice and application of sound science will be critical to finding solutions to those challenges , " says Glenn S. Ruskin , director of ACS 's Office of Public Affairs .
" Scientists need to be able to conduct and communicate their research in an environment of openness and transparency . "
Obama 's executive order lifts a 2001 policy put in place by then - president George W. Bush , which limited federal funding of human embryonic stem cell research to studies based on the cell lines in existence at that time .
Some 21 viable lines fall into this category , but they are not therapeutically usable because they are contaminated with animal material .
Obama 's order charges NIH with determining what human embryonic stem cell research will be eligible for funding and developing a strict set of ethical guidelines for such research within 120 days .
" The executive order takes no position on scientific matters , " said NIH Acting Director Lawrence A. Tabak at a briefing after the White House signing ceremony .
Instead , he said , the President rightfully left it to NIH to take a " very careful and deliberate look " at what research to support .
" The end goal is to ensure responsible , scientifically worthy human stem cell research " gets funded , he said .
To codify the President 's order , Reps. Diana DeGette ( D - Colo . ) and Michael N. Castle ( R - Del. ) , coauthors of a stem cell bill twice vetoed by Bush , say they intend to push Congress to again pass their bill .
Congress must pass legislation quickly so the issue is not a " ping - pong ball " that gets batted around by different Administrations , DeGette said .
Hillary Clinton and Mexican President Felipe Calderon met in Mexico City US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says the US must take part of the blame for drug - related violence in Mexico .
Speaking as she arrived in Mexico , she said America 's appetite for drugs and its inability to stop arms crossing the border were helping fuel the violence .
Her two - day visit comes a day after the Obama administration announced new measures to boost border security .
Some 8,000 people have died in drug - related violence in Mexico over the past two years .
MEXICO : FAILED STATE ?
Enrique Krauze , historian and editor of Letras Libres , Mexico A widespread idea , especially in the US , is that Mexico is , or is on the verge of becoming , a " failed state " .
This is not only wrong but a caricature of reality .
It is true that Mexico has a serious problem now in the progress of the war , a just war , unleashed by the Calderon government against the well - armed , vicious and extremely wealthy drug lords of Mexico .
But Mexico is a country with very strong institutions , made even stronger by the birth of true democracy in 2000 , when the 70 - year one - party rule of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ended .
We 're a country that has overcome a number of serious crises : financial , governmental and electoral , and we have emerged stronger in every case because of our effective responses .
This war can only be won by reducing the range of the drug gangs and the flow of illegal guns from , and demand for drugs within , the US .
Mexico as a nation does not live in fear but we are deeply worried .
The country will not collapse but Mexico and the US have to work together on these problems .
There is no need for despair , but for action , in both countries .
A version of this commentary appeared in the New York Times .
Translation by Hank Heifetz On Tuesday , the White House unveiled a $ 700 m ( £ 475 m ) strategy that includes boosting security on the border , moves to stem the flow of illegal guns and drug profits from the US into Mexico , and steps to cut domestic drug consumption .
Speaking to reporters accompanying her to Mexico City , Mrs Clinton said : " Our insatiable demand for illegal drugs fuels the drug trade .
" Our inability to prevent weapons from being illegally smuggled across the border to arm these criminals causes the deaths of police officers , soldiers and civilians .
" I feel very strongly we have a co-responsibility . "
She also acknowledged that US efforts to ban drugs had so far been unsuccessful in stopping the narcotics trade .
" Clearly , what we have been doing has not worked and it is unfair for our incapacity ... to be creating a situation where people are holding the Mexican government and people responsible , " she said .
The BBC's Stephen Gibbs in Mexico says these points have been repeatedly made by Mexico , which sometimes sees itself as the setting for an American - financed and - armed war .
' Common future '
In a joint news conference with Foreign Minister Patricia Espinosa in Mexico City , Mrs Clinton stressed the importance of working together to build a " common future " .
See the Mexican cartels ' main areas of influence Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mrs Clinton said discussions with Ms Espinosa had been very productive and praised Mexican President Felipe Calderon for his " great courage " in tackling organised crime .
" The criminals and kingpins spreading violence are trying to corrode the foundations of law , order , friendship and trust between us , " she said .
" They will fail . "
Mrs Clinton said the Obama administration , working with the US Congress , intended to pledge $ 80 m ( £ 55 m ) to help Mexico buy Blackhawk helicopters .
More agents will be sent to patrol America 's southern border with Mexico " These aircraft will help Mexican police respond aggressively and successfully to the threats coming from the cartels , " she said .
Mrs Clinton also spoke about the importance of trade between the two nations , as they sought recovery from the global economic crisis .
Immigration , climate change , energy issues and security were also on the agenda for the trip , she said .
Asked about a dispute between the two nations which began after the US stopped a pilot scheme which allowed Mexican trucks to use roads in the US , Mrs Clinton said only that she was aware of the dangers of protectionism .
Mexico said the decision earlier this month violated a free - trade deal between the countries and retaliated by imposing higher tariffs on some 90 American exports .
Illegal guns Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mrs Clinton 's trip is the first in a series of visits by high - level officials , including Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Attorney General Eric Holder , before President Barack Obama himself visits Mexico in mid-April .
Ms Napolitano told the BBC on Wednesday that there had been a significant escalation of violence in Mexico , in part because of US efforts to clamp down on trafficking routes .
But , she said : " The most important thing is that the federal government of Mexico is now battling these cartels , and they were n't in the past .
And as a result the violence between the cartels and the government of Mexico has really increased . "
On Tuesday Mr Obama said : " We need to do more to make sure that illegal guns and cash are n't flowing back to the cartels .
" That 's part of what is financing their operations .
That 's part of what is arming them . "
Mexican authorities announced on Wednesday that soldiers had detained one of the nation 's alleged 37 top drug - traffickers .
Hector Huerta Rios , said by the authorities to control the Monterrey operations of the Beltran Leyva cartel , was named on a " most wanted " list issued by the attorney general on Monday .
1 . Without states 2 . With states Without states With states Return to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An Air Canada flight attendant took over some cockpit duties earlier this year when the flight 's co-pilot had a nervous breakdown , an official report said Wednesday .
Another flight attendant received wrist injuries while helping to restrain the co-pilot , said the report from Ireland 's Air Accident Investigation Unit ( AAIU ) .
The incident happened on Jan. 28 as a London - bound Air Canada flight was over the Atlantic Ocean .
The flight , carrying 146 passengers and nine crew members , had departed from Toronto 's Pearson airport .
According to the report , the pilot said his co-pilot had arrived at the Toronto airport later than usual and appeared " quite harried . "
After complaining of fatigue and taking a couple of rest breaks , the co-pilot became " belligerent and unco-operative " and was forcibly removed from the cockpit by other crew members , said the report .
Two doctors on board the flight examined the co-pilot and reported he was in a confused and disoriented state .
The pilot requested an emergency landing at Shannon Airport , west of Limerick , and asked the flight crew to find out whether there were any other pilots on board .
A flight attendant with a commercial pilot 's licence took the co-pilot 's seat to help land the Boeing 767 .
The pilot told Irish investigators she provided " useful assistance " and was " not out of place " in the co-pilot 's chair , said the report .
The report also commends the pilot and flight crew for their calm and professional manner .
" The commander , realizing he was faced with a difficult and serious situation , used tact and understanding and kept control of the situation at all times , " said the report .
" The situation was dealt with in a professional manner . …
As such the commander and flight attendants should be commended for their professionalism in the handling of this event . "
Irish newspapers reported the co-pilot was forcibly removed from the plane by fellow crew members and a passenger who was a member of the Canadian Forces .
He was taken to the psychiatric unit of a nearby hospital and remained there for 11 days before returning to Canada with his wife , who had joined him in Ireland .
He is recovering , said the report .
The co-pilot was an experienced pilot whose positive medical assessment was dated October 2007 , said the report .
A man from the Italian city of Turin has been arrested for committing crimes similar to those of the Austrian rapist Josef Fritzl .
The news has been announced by the BGNES news agency which quotes the Italian newspaper " La Republica " .
The arrested 63 - year - old junk vendor has been raping his daughter ( who is now 34 ) for 25 years .
He first raped her when she was nine years old , and after she turned 13 , he kept her locked as a prisoner in a dark room , and continued raping her on a regular basis .
The arrested father rapist told the investigators that his family had a tradition in which the oldest daughter became a " fiancee " of the father .
He even made his son " observe " the same tradition .
The 40 - year - old son has also been arrested .
He is charged with raping and mistreating all of his four daughters aged 6 , 8 , 12 , and 20 , and with forcing all of them to watch while he had sex with any one of them .
The investigation started in October 2008 , after the 34 - year - old woman , given the pseudonym " Laura " in the Italian press , filed a complaint against her brother accusing him of raping her for two weeks after she fled her father 's house .
She and her four nieces have been placed under psychological care .
The Italian case is not unlike the case of the Austrian rapist , Josef Fritzl , who recently received a life sentence for raping for 24 years his daughter , who gave birth to seven children .
" Fagbug " Documentary ©2009 ( 83 minutes )
On the 11th Annual National Day of Silence , Erin Davies was victim to a hate crime in Albany , New York .
Because of sporting a rainbow sticker on her VW Beetle , Erin 's car was vandalized , left with the words " fag " and " u r gay " placed on the driver 's side window and hood of her car .
Despite initial shock and embarrassment , Erin decided to embrace what happened by leaving the graffiti on her car .
She took her car , now known worldwide as the " fagbug , " on a 58 - day trip around the US and Canada .
Along the way , Erin discovered other , more serious hate crimes , had people attempt to remove the graffiti , and experimented with having a male drive her car .
After driving the fagbug for 1 year , Erin decided to give her car a makeover .
Watch the trailer , view the film on Netflix , Hulu , Snagfilms , Epix , or Youtube .
To purchase the DVD , click here .
If you like " Fagug , " check out the 2014 sequel titled " Fagbug Nation . "
Reactions to " Fagbug "
" I just watched your film and am amazed by your courage .
I'm a heterosexual male and have used ignorant slurs to describe homosexuals in the past .
I would like to apologize to you and everyone else and will make sure I teach my children to be more understanding than I have been . "
- Anonymous " Thank you .
You inspired me andn my car about 3 weeks ago was vandalized .
Someone left a note saying you 're gay .
Get the f out and my girlfriend told me to watch a documentary called Fagbug .
You showed me it 's okay to be who I am and no threat can change me .
Thank you . "
- Ashley
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -
The nest egg of the typical American family is smaller now than it was seven years ago , according to Federal Reserve data released Thursday .
The inflation - adjusted net worth of the typical family increased 17.7 % to $ 120,300 from 2004 through 2007 , the Fed said Thursday in its Survey of Consumer Finances , the most detailed look at family finances available .
Net worth is defined as assets minus liabilities .
" But a lot has happened " since the end of 2007 , a Fed economist said .
As of October , median net worth had fallen to $ 98,900 , down 3.2 % from the end of 2007 and 2 % below the level reported in the 2001 survey that was conducted after the dot.com bubble burst .
Since October , stock prices have fallen another 15 % , while home prices have fallen at least 2 % .
The Fed survey is conducted every three years .
The median is a midpoint , with half of the households in the nation worth more and half worth less .
The report shows median household income growth was relatively flat from 2004 to 2007 after adjusting for inflation .
Median household income stood at $ 47,300 per year at the end of 2007 .
However , mean income ( or the simple average ) rose 8.5 % during that time to $ 84,300 , suggesting big income gains at the high end of the income distribution .
Indeed , the average income for those in the top tenth of the income scale increased nearly 20 % to $ 398,000 , while those in the bottom fifth saw their income rise by an average of 3 % ( $ 400 ) to $ 12,300 .
For those in the middle , average incomes decreased $ 400 to $ 47,300 after adjusting for inflation .
The typical family owed $ 67,300 in debts in 2007 , up from $ 60,700 in 2004 .
The big increase came from debt on second homes .
The typical family that had a mortgage owed $ 107,000 on their primary residence .
Those with credit card balances owed $ 3,000 .
The median installment debt , chiefly auto loans , was $ 13,000 .
A rising percentage of households were excessively indebted .
In 2007 , 14.7 % of households were paying more than 40 % of their income on debt service ( including rent ) up from 12.2 % in 2004 .
More than a quarter of the poorest households were paying more than 40 % of their incomes .
The biggest increases in debt - service levels , however , occurred among those making more than median income , especially those at the very top .
Posted in Evolutionary Computation , Software Development by Dan on January 20th , 2009
Software is normally developed in a very precise , deterministic way .
The behaviour of a computer is governed by strict logical rules .
A computer invariably does exactly what it is told to do .
When writing a program to solve a particular problem , software developers will identify the necessary sub -tasks that the program must perform .
Algorithms are chosen and implemented for each task .
The completed program becomes a detailed specification of exactly how to get from A to B .
Every aspect is carefully designed by its developers who must understand how the various components interact to deliver the program ’s functionality .
This prescriptive approach to solving problems with computers has served us well and is responsible for most of the software applications that we use today .
However , it is not without limitations .
Solutions to problems are constrained by the intuition , knowledge and prejudices of those who develop the software .
The programmers have to know exactly how to solve the problem .
Another characteristic of the prescriptive approach that is sometimes problematic is that it is best suited to finding exact answers .
Not all problems have exact solutions , and some that do may be too computationally expensive to solve .
Sometimes it is more useful to be able to find an approximate answer quickly than to waste time searching for a better solution .
What are Evolutionary Algorithms ?
Evolutionary algorithms ( EAs ) are inspired by the biological model of evolution and natural selection first proposed by Charles Darwin in 1859 .
In the natural world , evolution helps species adapt to their environments .
Environmental factors that influence the survival prospects of an organism include climate , availability of food and the dangers of predators .
Species change over the course of many generations .
Mutations occur randomly .
Some mutations will be advantageous , but many will be useless or detrimental .
Progress comes from the feedback provided by non-random natural selection .
For example , organisms that can survive for long periods without water will be more likely to thrive in dry conditions than those that can’t .
Likewise , animals that can run fast will be more successful at evading predators than their slower rivals .
If a random genetic modification helps an organism to survive and to reproduce , that modification will itself survive and spread throughout the population , via the organism ’s offspring .
Evolutionary algorithms are based on a simplified model of this biological evolution .
To solve a particular problem we create an environment in which potential solutions can evolve .
The environment is shaped by the parameters of the problem and encourages the evolution of good solutions .
The field of Evolutionary Computation encompasses several types of evolutionary algorithm .
These include Genetic Algorithms ( GAs ) , Evolution Strategies , Genetic Programming ( GP ) , Evolutionary Programming and Learning Classifier Systems .
The most common type of evolutionary algorithm is the generational genetic algorithm .
The basic outline of a generational GA is as follows ( most other EA variants are broadly similar ) .
A population of candidate solutions is iteratively evolved over many generations .
Mimicking the concept of natural selection in biology , the survival of candidates ( or their offspring ) from generation to generation in an EA is governed by a fitness function that evaluates each candidate according to how close it is to the desired outcome , and a selection strategy that favours the better solutions .
Over time , the quality of the solutions in the population should improve .
If the program is successful , we can terminate the evolution once it has found a solution that is good enough .
An Example
Now that we have introduced the basic concepts and terminology , I will attempt to illustrate by way of an example .
Suppose that we want to use evolution to generate a particular character string , for example “ HELLO WORLD ” .
This is a contrived example in as much as it assumes that we do n’t know how to create such a string and that evolution is the best approach available to us .
However , bear with me as this simple example is useful for demonstrating exactly how the evolutionary approach works .
Each candidate solution in our population will be a string .
We ’ll use a fixed - length representation so that each string is 11 characters long .
Each character in a string will be one of the 27 valid characters ( the upper case letters ‘ A ’ to ‘ Z ’ plus the space character ) .
For the fitness function we ’ll use the simple approach of assigning a candidate solution one point for each position in the string that has the correct character .
For the string “ HELLO WORLD ” this gives a maximum possible fitness score of 11 ( the length of the string ) .
The first task for the evolutionary algorithm is to randomly generate the initial population .
We can use any size population that we choose .
Typical EA population sizes can vary from tens to thousands of individuals .
For this example we will use a population size of 10 .
After the initialisation of the population we might have the following candidates ( fitness scores in brackets ) :
1. GERZUNFXCEN ( 1 ) 2 . HSFDAHDMUYZ ( 1 ) 3 . UQ IGARHGJN ( 0 ) 4 . ZASIB WSUVP ( 2 ) 5 . XIXROIUAZBH ( 1 ) 6 . VDLGCWMBFYA ( 1 ) 7 . SY YUHYRSEE ( 0 ) 8 .
EUSVBIVFHFK ( 0 ) 9 . HHENRFZAMZH ( 1 ) 10 .
UJBBDFZPLCN ( 0 )
None of these candidate solutions is particularly good .
The best ( number 4 ) has just two characters out of eleven that match the target string ( the space character and the ‘ W ’ ) .
The next step is to select candidates based on their fitness and use them to create a new generation .
One technique for favouring the selection of fitter candidates over weaker candidates is to assign each candidate a selection probability proportionate to its fitness .
If we use fitness - proportionate selection , none of the candidates with zero fitness will be selected and the candidate with a fitness of 2 is twice as likely to be selected as any of the candidates with a fitness of 1 .
For the next step we need to select 10 parents , so it is obvious that some of the fit candidates are going to be selected multiple times .
Now that we have some parents , we can breed the next generation .
We do this via a process called cross-over , which is analogous to sexual reproduction in biology .
For each pair of parents , a cross - over point is selected randomly .
Assuming that the first two randomly selected parents are numbers 2 and 4 , if the cross - over occurs after the first four characters , we will get the following offspring :
Parent 1 : HSFDAHDMUYZ
Parent 2 : ZASIB WSUVP Offspring 1 : HSFDB WSUVP Offspring 2 : ZASIAHDMUYZ
This recombination has given us two new candidates for the next generation , one of which is better than either of the parents ( offspring 1 has a fitness score of 3 ) .
This shows how cross -over can lead towards better solutions .
However , looking at the initial population as a whole , we can see that no combination of cross-overs will ever result in a candidate with a fitness higher than 6 .
This is because , among all 10 original candidates , there are only 6 positions in which we have the correct character .
This can be mitigated to some extent by increasing the size of the population .
With 100 individuals in the initial population we would be much more likely to have the necessary building blocks for a perfect solution , but there is no guarantee .
This is where mutation comes in .
Mutation is implemented by modifying each character in a string according to some small probability , say 0.02 or 0.05 .
This means that any single individual will be changed only slightly by mutation , or perhaps not at all .
By applying mutation to each of the offspring produced by cross-over , we will occasionally introduce correct characters in new positions .
We will also occasionally remove correct characters but these bad mutations are unlikely to survive selection in the next generation , so this is not a big problem .
Advantageous mutations will be propagated by cross-over and selection and will quickly spread throughout the population .
After repeating this process for dozens or perhaps even hundreds of generations we will eventually converge on our desired solution .
This is a convoluted process for finding a string that we already knew to start with .
However , as we shall see later , the evolutionary approach generalises to deal with problems where we do n’t know what the best solution is and therefore can’t encode that knowledge in our fitness function .
The important point demonstrated by this example is that we can arrive at a satisfactory solution without having to enumerate every possible candidate in the search space .
Even for this trivial example , a brute force search would involve generating and checking approximately 5.6 quadrillion strings .
The Outline of an Evolutionary Algorithm
Genesis – Create an initial set ( population ) of n candidate solutions .
This may be done entirely randomly or the population may be seeded with some hand - picked candidates .
Evaluation – Evaluate each member of the population using some fitness function .
Survival of the Fittest – Select a number of members of the evaluated population , favouring those with higher fitness scores .
These will be the parents of the next generation .
Evolution – Generate a new population of offspring by randomly altering and / or combining elements of the parent candidates .
The evolution is performed by one or more evolutionary operators .
The most common operators are cross-over and mutation .
Cross - over takes two parents , cuts them each into two or more pieces and recombines the pieces to create two new offspring .
Mutation copies an individual but with small , random modifications ( such as flipping a bit from zero to one ) .
Iteration – Repeat steps 2 - 4 until a satisfactory solution is found or some other termination condition is met ( such as the number of generations or elapsed time ) .
When are Evolutionary Algorithms Useful ?
Evolutionary algorithms are typically used to provide good approximate solutions to problems that cannot be solved easily using other techniques .
Many optimisation problems fall into this category .
It may be too computationally - intensive to find an exact solution but sometimes a near - optimal solution is sufficient .
In these situations evolutionary techniques can be effective .
Due to their random nature , evolutionary algorithms are never guaranteed to find an optimal solution for any problem , but they will often find a good solution if one exists .
One example of this kind of optimisation problem is the challenge of timetabling .
Schools and universities must arrange room and staff allocations to suit the needs of their curriculum .
There are several constraints that must be satisfied .
A member of staff can only be in one place at a time , they can only teach classes that are in their area of expertise , rooms cannot host lessons if they are already occupied , and classes must not clash with other classes taken by the same students .
This is a combinatorial problem and known to be NP - Hard .
It is not feasible to exhaustively search for the optimal timetable due to the huge amount of computation involved .
Instead , heuristics must be used .
Genetic algorithms have proven to be a successful way of generating satisfactory solutions to many scheduling problems .
Evolutionary algorithms can also be used to tackle problems that humans do n’t really know how to solve .
An EA , free of any human preconceptions or biases , can generate surprising solutions that are comparable to , or better than , the best human - generated efforts .
It is merely necessary that we can recognise a good solution if it were presented to us , even if we do n’t know how to create a good solution .
In other words , we need to be able to formulate an effective fitness function .
Engineers working for NASA know a lot about physics .
They know exactly which characteristics make for a good communications antenna .
But the process of designing an antenna so that it has the necessary properties is hard .
Even though the engineers know what is required from the final antenna , they may not know how to design the antenna so that it satisfies those requirements .
NASA ’s Evolvable Systems Group has used evolutionary algorithms to successfully evolve antennas for use on satellites .
These evolved antennas ( pictured ) have irregular shapes with no obvious symmetry .
It is unlikely that a human expert would have arrived at such an unconventional design .
Despite this , when tested these antennas proved to be extremely well adapted to their purpose .
Other Examples of Evolutionary Computation in Action
Pre-requisites
There are two requirements that must be met before an evolutionary algorithm can be used for a particular problem .
Firstly , we need a way to encode candidate solutions to the problem .
The simplest encoding , and that used by many genetic algorithms , is a bit string .
Each candidate is simply a sequence of zeros and ones .
This encoding makes cross-over and mutation very straightforward , but that does not mean that you cannot use more complicated representations .
In fact , most of the examples listed in the previous section used more sophisticated candidate representations .
As long as we can devise a scheme for evolving the candidates , there really is no restriction on the types that we can use .
Genetic programming ( GP ) is a good example of this .
GP evolves computer programs represented as syntax trees .
The second requirement for applying evolutionary algorithms is that there must be a way of evaluating partial solutions to the problem – the fitness function .
It is not sufficient to evaluate solutions as right or wrong , the fitness score needs to indicate how right or , if your glass is half empty , how wrong a candidate solution is .
So a function that returns either 0 or 1 is useless .
A function that returns a score on a scale of 1 – 100 is better .
We need shades of grey , not just black and white , since this is how the algorithm guides the random evolution to find increasingly better solutions .
This is the first in a short series of articles on practical Evolutionary Computation .
The text is taken from the work - in - progress documentation for the Watchmaker Framework for Evolutionary Computation .
The next article will demonstrate how to implement evolutionary algorithms in Java using the Watchmaker Framework .
Further Reading
Kepler ’s lift - off lit up the night sky at its launch site in Florida ( Image : NASA TV )
Is there another Earth out there ?
( Image : Eckhard Slawik / SPL )
Video :
The Kepler mission should help reveal how rare Earth is in our galaxy ( Courtesy of NASA )
Update : NASA ’s Kepler mission successfully blasted off on Friday , 6 March aboard a Delta II rocket from Florida ’s Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at 2250 EST ( 0350 GMT on Saturday ) .
About an hour later , the spacecraft separated completely from its launcher as planned , detaching from the rocket ’s third stage .
HOW common are alien Earths – small , rocky …
Eyevine
IN RECENT months Mexicans have become inured to carefully choreographed spectacles of horror .
Just before Christmas the severed heads of eight soldiers were found dumped in plastic bags near a shopping centre in Chilpancingo , the capital of the southern state of Guerrero .
Last month another three were found in an icebox near the border city of Ciudad Juárez .
Farther along the border near Tijuana police detained Santiago Meza , nicknamed El Pozolero ( “ the soupmaker ” ) who confessed to having dissolved the bodies of more than 300 people in acid over the past nine years on the orders of a local drug baron .
Mr Meza , revealing a proper sense of machismo , added primly that he refused to accept the bodies of women or children .
“ Organised crime is out of control , ” Felipe Calderón declared on taking office as Mexico 's president in December 2006 .
He launched 45,000 army troops against drug - trafficking gangs .
Since then , some 10,000 people have died in drug - related violence , 6,268 of them last year .
Troops and police have fought pitched battles against gangsters armed with rocket - launchers , grenades , machineguns and armour - piercing sniper rifles , such as the Barrett 50 .
But perhaps their most effective weapon is corruption : in November Noe Ramírez , the prosecutor in charge of the organised - crime unit of the federal attorney - general 's office , was charged with taking bribes of $ 450,000 a month to pass information to the Sinaloa drug mob .
Six other officials from the unit face similar charges .
Officials insist that the violence and the arrests are signs that they are winning .
But many disagree .
An assessment by the United States ' Joint Forces Command , published last month , concluded that the two countries most at risk of becoming failed states were Pakistan and Mexico .
Mexico ?
The world 's twelfth - largest economy , the United States ' second - biggest trading partner and an important oil supplier ?
It has evolved in the past generation into a seemingly stable democracy .
Sure enough , the prognosis was angrily rejected by Mexico 's government .
But it came on the heels of a paper circulated by Barry McCaffrey , a retired general who was Bill Clinton 's “ drug tsar ” .
General McCaffrey painted a grim picture in which “ the dangerous and worsening problems in Mexico … fundamentally threaten US national security . ”
The stakes in Mexico were enormous , he concluded : “ We can not afford to have a narco state as a neighbour . ”
If this was intended to press the panic button , it seemed to succeed .
On January 12th Barack Obama lunched for more than two hours with Mr Calderón in his first meeting with a foreign head of government since he was elected president of the United States .
According to a Mexican official present , Mr Calderón proposed a “ strategic partnership ” and urged the setting up of a binational group of experts to explore closer security co-operation .
That would go beyond a three - year $ 1.4 billion programme of security aid for Mexico and Central America , known as the Merida Initiative , which was approved ( reluctantly ) by the United States Congress last year .
Like it or not , in the cause of the war on drugs the Obama administration looks likely to be drawn into a sustained security commitment to a neighbour of the kind Mr Clinton launched in Colombia .
In both Mexico and Colombia , though in different ways , the drug trade has exploited weaknesses in the capacity of the state to impose the rule of law .
In Colombia , where an historically fragile state had long failed to impose its authority over a vast territory of difficult geography , drug income breathed new life into left - wing guerrilla movements and begat right - wing paramilitary militias .
As the guerrillas threatened to overrun the army and the cities , Mr Clinton launched Plan Colombia , under which the United States trained and helped to equip the security forces at a cost of more than $ 6 billion since 2000 .
In one respect — counter - insurgency — Plan Colombia has been a big success .
The United States added hardware and training to a big Colombian effort that has strengthened the state and made the country much safer .
But as an anti-drug programme , it has been much less successful .
Thanks to the adamantine efforts of Álvaro Uribe , Colombia 's president , which included spraying hundreds of thousands of hectares with weedkiller , the recorded area of coca seemed to fall by more than half between 1999 and 2006 , according to United Nations estimates .
But it has since risen again .
And thanks to productivity increases , total cocaine production in the Andes remains stable ( see chart ) .
When cocaine consumption first took off in the United States in the 1970s and 1980s , the main smuggling route involved island - hopping across the Caribbean from Colombia in light aircraft .
It was the success of America 's drug warriors in shutting down this route that brought big - time organised crime to Mexico , as the Colombians began to send drugs that way .
In Mexico , relatively small gangs had long run heroin and marijuana across the border .
Their move into cocaine made them far more powerful .
Two things helped them grow .
The first was proximity to the United States .
They gained control of retail distribution in many American cities , allowing them to dictate terms to the Colombians .
And they continue to arm themselves with ease in American gunshops and launder their profits in American banks .
The second factor was the flaws of the Mexican state .
The revolution of 1910 - 17 gave birth to a seemingly powerful state , democratic in appearance but authoritarian in nature , in which power was monopolised by the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
One of the achievements of this system was eventually to take the army out of politics .
The police were required merely to impose political order , not to solve crimes .
State governors were happy to tolerate — or profit from — drug - traffickers on their patch provided they kept a low profile .
Partly because the Colombians at first paid their partners in product , the Mexican gangs began to push cocaine at home .
In some areas , especially in northern Mexico , they acquired de facto control .
The politicians did little to stop them — until Mr Calderón decided to make security the priority of his government , and a matter of personal commitment .
Taking back the street
The aim , says Eduardo Medina Mora , Mr Calderón 's attorney - general , is not to end drug - trafficking “ because that is unachievable . ”
Rather , it is “ to take back from organised criminal groups the economic power and armament they 've established in the past 20 years , to take away their capacity to undermine institutions and to contest the state 's monopoly of force . ”
He points to progress .
In the past two years the government has seized huge quantities of drugs ( some 70 tonnes of cocaine , including 26 tonnes in a trawler , a world record for a single haul ) , money ( some $ 260 m ) and arms ( 31,000 weapons , including 17,000 of high calibre ) .
It has also made more than 58,000 arrests ; and though some 95 % of these people are hangers - on or small - time drug - dealers , they include two - dozen kingpins and a thousand sicarios ( hired gunmen ) .
Brushing aside nationalist scruples , Mr Calderón has stepped up the extradition of drug - traffickers to the United States , sending more than 180 north so far .
They can't go on running their businesses from American prisons , as they can from most Mexican ones .
Until recently the drug lords lived openly in Mexico 's main cities .
Now they can show their faces only in remote parts of the Sierra Madre , says Genaro García Luna , the minister for public security .
The violence , officials say , is a sign that the drug gangs are turning on each other in a fight to hang on to a share of a shrinking business .
They stress that around 60 % of the killings are concentrated in just three of Mexico 's 32 states , and most of these in three cities : Ciudad Juárez in Chihuahua and Tijuana in Baja California , both just across the American border ; and Culiacán in Sinaloa .
Some four - fifths of the dead are members of criminal gangs murdered by other criminals .
But more than 800 police and soldiers have also died since December 2006 ( some may have been working for the traffickers ) .
The beheadings ( often carried out after the victim is dead ) and torture are intended to enforce discipline within gangs and strike fear into rivals , Mr García Luna says .
Despite the headlines , Mexico 's murder rate is relatively low , at 11 per 100,000 people .
But the violence provokes “ bewilderment and surprise ” among Mexicans , says Enrique Krauze , a historian .
After the revolution Mexico became “ an island of peace , where refugees came from all over the world to escape violence . ”
Several senior police officers , including last year the commander of the federal police , have been murdered by the traffickers .
On September 15th eight people died when grenades were thrown at crowds celebrating independence day in Morelia , in Michoacán .
In Tijuana ordinary citizens are scared by the violence going on around them .
People are going out less at night , and avoiding the city 's better restaurants after several cases in which gunmen have burst in and shot a rival , says José María Ramos , a political scientist at the Colegio de la Frontera Norte .
And few doubt that the violence just across the border is deterring investment and tourists from the United States .
Mr Calderón 's crackdown has inflicted serious disruption on Mexico 's main trafficking syndicates ( see map ) .
As many of the historic capos of these gangs are killed , arrested or extradited , what was an oligopoly has splintered into warring factions .
This fragmentation is not wholly positive , admits Mr Medina Mora .
The biggest worry is that some drug gangs are starting to diversify into other criminal businesses .
Extortion and protection rackets are suddenly becoming common .
Shops and bars have been burned down in Ciudad Juárez .
Over the past six months , big businesses , including multinationals , have become targets , with threats against warehouses and factories if payments are not made , according to a security consultant in Mexico City .
This is still local and sporadic , but at least one American company has paid up , he says .
The second growth business is kidnapping .
This is not new in Mexico .
It tends to go in cycles .
Many cases are not officially reported .
But the number recorded by Mexico Unido Contra la Delincuencia ( “ Mexico United Against Crime ” ) , a campaign group , rose sharply over the past two years before falling off in recent months , according to María Elena Morera , its director .
And kidnaps are tending to become more violent .
They account for only 1 % of crimes , yet in one poll 46 % of respondents say they are scared of them , says Mrs Morera .
The talk among better - off Mexicans is suddenly of whether they should try to leave the country rather than risk their children being kidnapped .
The underlying problem in Mexico is not drug - trafficking in itself , but that neither the police nor the courts do their job properly .
Not only have the police themselves sometimes been a source of crime , but they are also not accountable to politicians or public .
A survey in 2007 found that seven out of ten crimes are not reported .
“ Society and the police do n't work together , ” says Ernesto López Portillo , of the Institute for Security and Democracy .
Mr García Luna admits that in some parts of the country the traffickers have established a “ social base ” .
The previous two Mexican presidents tried and failed to reform the police .
Mr Calderón 's officials insist that this time they will succeed .
At the headquarters of the public - security ministry on a hill opposite Chapultepec wood in Mexico City , cranes rise above a vacant lot where a new National Intelligence Centre is being built .
The government 's more immediate innovation is housed in an annexe next door .
A score of police officers dressed in dark suits sit at computer terminals facing a giant , segmented screen that occupies the whole of the wall in front of them .
They are keying in data for Platform Mexico , an integrated and searchable national database that will combine criminal records with police operations ' reports and is due to start up in June .
The screens can also display images from closed - circuit television across the country .
The operators can communicate with every police post and patrol car in Mexico .
Across the city in Ixtapalapa , the police 's main operating base in the capital is now equipped with helicopters and rapid - response teams .
Eventually each state will have similar centres .
The curse of federalism
Mexico may lack Colombia 's guerrillas , but it also lacks Colombia 's reasonably effective national police force .
That is partly because it is a federal country : each of the 32 states has its own police force and justice department , and there are more than 1,600 municipal police forces .
Under the PRI federalism was a legal fiction and the presidency was omnipotent .
Now no state governor feels obliged to submit to Mr Calderón 's policies .
The criminal law is a patchwork : drug - trafficking is a federal crime , but kidnapping is a state matter .
To make matters worse , the federal government began to forge its own police force from a disparate bunch of security outfits only as recently as the 1990s .
An attempt to turn the judicial police , attached to the attorney - general 's office , into a Mexican FBI ( known by its initials as AFI ) had mixed results : the organisation was corrupted when purged police used legal action to force their reinstatement .
Mr Calderón 's government is making a far more serious effort .
Last June a constitutional reform reorganised the courts and police ; under its auspices , a law signed by the president on January 1st sets up a new national public - security system .
It requires all police forces at national , state and municipal level to adopt uniform procedures for recruitment , vetting , training , promotion and operations .
Every policeman in the country is now supposed to be exhaustively vetted .
At the same time , the federal police force has expanded from 9,000 officers in 2006 to 26,000 .
Half of these are soldiers on secondment .
But Mr García Luna is now trying to recruit 8,000 graduates to be the core of a civilian investigative division .
The government has provided extra funds to some local police forces .
And for the first time it can force them to reform .
Another constitutional change aims to improve a hidebound judicial system , introducing oral evidence and moving towards adversarial trials .
It builds on recent experiments in some Mexican states .
Eyevine
Supply meets demand
These efforts have inspired American help , especially in the form of passing on intelligence that has helped in drug seizures and in the arrest of leading traffickers .
Under the Merida Initiative , the United States will provide extra kit ( such as night - vision gear and metal detectors ) and training .
Mexican officials point out that the funds involved are puny ( $ 400 m a year for three years ) compared with the $ 9 billion they are spending each year .
More than the money , Mr Medina Mora says he welcomes the change of attitude .
“ We 've gone from reciprocal finger - pointing to an attitude of shared responsibility for a problem that by nature is bilateral . ”
But he adds that better regulation of the sale of arms in the United States would have a bigger impact .
He points out that of 107,000 gunshops in the United States , 12,000 are close to the Mexican border and their sales are much higher than the average .
Thousands of automatic rifles are bought for export to Mexico , which is illegal .
American officials have promised to do more to stop this .
Mr García Luna says that in the next few months
Mexicans will start to see a difference , as all the work over the past two years is put into practice .
But there are several big doubts .
The first is whether the government is moving fast enough .
The original plan was to use the army only as a temporary shock force .
But the troops may have to be deployed for another two years or more , Mr Medina Mora concedes .
In late February the government sent an extra 5,000 troops to Ciudad Juárez , where the police chief had resigned after death threats .
The militarisation of public security — however inevitable in the short term — carries the risk that Mexico will still not get the civilian , community - based policing it needs to prevent and investigate crime .
Turf wars are another problem .
No fewer than six ministries are involved in different ways in public security , not to speak of the state governors and mayors .
Mr Medina Mora , a former businessman , and Mr García Luna , a career policeman , often do not see eye to eye , and the army is politically untouchable .
What is needed is to turn the army into a small professional force for external defence and centralise responsibility for internal security in the public - security ministry , argues Raúl Benítez , a defence specialist at the National Autonomous University in Mexico City .
The biggest doubt is whether the government can stop its forces being infiltrated and corrupted .
One of the most violent of the drug gangs , known as the Zetas , is made up of special - forces troops who changed sides a decade ago .
Hitherto , the government has been unable to provide its police forces with sufficient pay and protection to make it worthwhile resisting the threats and blandishments of the traffickers .
Has that changed ?
In the end , the state in a country as developed as Mexico cannot lose this battle .
“ Mexico is not a failed state , it 's a mediocre state , ” says Hector Aguilar Camín , a sociologist .
But already there are signs that the drug business will adapt .
The Mexican gangs have set up operations in South America and are starting to export to Europe from there , according to Stratfor , a consultancy based in Texas .
And they have moved aggressively into Central America .
Just like Colombia , Mexico is finding that drug violence is requiring it to modernise its security forces .
That process carries a large human cost .
And the drug business , ever supple , will adapt and survive .
I ’ve pontificated many times on exactly how democratic and open certain social media tools like Twitter , FriendFeed and specifically Digg are .
The idea is in most social media is that by getting a crowd together engaged in a great big free - for - all discussion , there will magically occur this effect known as “ Wisdom of the Crowds . ”
For sociology students and readers of my editorials , we know that this could n’t be further from the truth .
Unsurprisingly , the Barack Obama transition team does n’t read my editorials here , and they ’ve fallen into the same trap that most armchair Web 2.0 pundits do in assuming that by putting up a Digg - style forum , the Web 2.0 fairies will sprinkle their pixie dust on the site and grant them a perfectly democratic , crowd - wise forum for the open exchange of ideas .
The Politico had the story this afternoon :
President - elect Barack Obama 's Transition today launched " Open for Questions , " a Digg - style feature allowing citizens to submit questions , and to vote on one another 's questions , bringing favored inquiries to the top of the list .
It was suggested when it launched that the tool would bring uncomfortable questions to the fore , but the results so far are the opposite : Obama 's supporters appear to be using — and abusing — a tool allowing them to " flag " questions as " inappropriate " to remove all questions mentioning Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich from the main pages of Obama 's website .
The Blagojevich questions — many of them polite and reasonable — can be found only by searching words in them , like " Blagojevich , " which produces 35 questions missing from the main page of the site .
" Given the current corruption charges involving Blagojevich , will ' serious ' campaign finance reform that takes money completely out of politics through publicly funded elections be a priority in the first term ?
" asked Metteyya of Santa Cruz , California .
" This submission was removed because people believe it is inappropriate , " reads the text underneath it .
The question is reasonable , offers the team a way to address something that is both topical and relevant .
It is n’t as if the question being asked refers to Obama ’s citizenship , something that is a highly touchy subject in most circles .
Digg Is n’t True Wisdom of Crowds , and Is n’t the Best Model for What Obama ’s Team Wants
Or perhaps it is – perhaps the Obama team is arrogant enough to imagine that the will of the people will always be with them , they ’ll always have a dedicated bury brigade , and thus do n’t have a truly transparent government in mind for us Americans .
Taking off the goggles of cynicism for a moment , though , let ’s assume that is n’t their goal .
Let ’s assume they ’re wanting to apply Web 2.0 principles of crowd wisdom to achieve an open and transparent government .
Let ’s review some pearls of Mashable wisdom to see why the Digg model is n’t a great way to accomplish that :
Pete first talked about this problem back in January of 2006 in response to an incident in which O’Reilly Network ’s Steve Mallett was very publicly accused of stealing Digg intellectual property :
… Digg is not a true example of a wisdom of crowds system .
Let me explain …
For the wisdom of crowds to work , every individual must work independently .
For example , if I ask 1000 people to guess the number of jellybeans in a jar and then average the results , I ’ll get a fairly accurate answer .
However , if I allow the individuals to view the guesses of others before they vote , they may decide to give an answer which is similar to those given by other members of the group .
Hence , it is more likely that the average answer will be inaccurate .
The reason that Digg creates a mob mentality is that users can see how other members have acted before they vote .
In October of 2007 , I went back to the basics in my dissection of Digg and analyzed whether or not I thought it to be utilizing Wisdom of the Crowds or just simply a social voting mechanism loosely based on the concept :
The anecdote that is the genesis for the concept of wisdom of crowds I ’ve heard many times over is the story of scientist and statistician Francis Galton from the late 1800 ’s , who was surprised that the crowd at a county fair accurately guessed the butchered weight of an ox .
What made it interesting was not that any one individual came close to guessing the actual weight , but that the crowd did .
When their individual guesses were calculated to the median , the resulting number was much closer to the ox ’s true butchered weight than the estimates of most individual crowd members , and perhaps most surprisingly also closer than any of the estimates made by cattle experts .
In September of this year , I took the Galton example and applied it to the failures of Web 2.0 crowd wisdom in providing any sort of a solution for intelligent discourse in the context of the campaigns :
Systems like Digg and YouTube have worked to mitigate these effects with the voting up or down of comments and the discussion points themselves , but due to the populist nature of the system , only the most controversial of topics tend to rise to the top .
Elements of controversy commonly walk hand in hand with the disqualifying factors for the wisdom of crowds to truly be applied in an effective manner : emotional or divisive topics .
What are the Solutions to Counteracting the Bury Brigade ?
That ’s a good question for Jay Adelson and Kevin Rose .
The only solution , given the limitations of the system that the Obama transition team has chosen to use for their forum is the time tested employment of human moderation .
The team must , in the absence of the Digg - like sophisticated algorithms designed to counteract ideological bury brigades , go through and evaluate buried items .
This , of course , puts them in an awkward position given that they ’ll be inclined to let tough questions get buried .
They are , though , under intense scrutiny no matter which way they go .
As the Politico piece noted , “ So far , Obama 's team does not seem to have stepped in to allow uncomfortable questions to rise to the top , and instead is allowing his supporters to sanitize the site . ”
Even a lay person recognizes that a human must work to counteract the mob mentality , and the absence of action on the Obama team ’s part will only work to emphasize the naiveté they were accused of throughout the election .
Simply put , for all their effort , Web 2.0 has n’t solved the problem of Mob Mentality in social systems .
Any experienced and social media - savvy person knows this .
That the Obama team does n’t is very telling .
[ img courtesy Techipedia ]
QR Code Link to This Post
CALIFORNIA --
The White House is so concerned about the connectionbetween drugs and terrorism that it spent a record $ 3.4 million for twoSuper Bowl spots that will say buying illegal drugs could helpterrorists like Osama Bin Laden .
Now the American Medical Marijuana Association ( AMMA ) is asking itsCalifornia members to join the fight against international terrorism bygrowing ' Cannabis Victory Gardens .
'
The Super Bowl ads are part of a campaign that President Bush launchedhimself last month , when he told an anti-drug group : " Terrorists usedrug profits to fund their cells to commit acts of murder .
If you quitdrugs , you join the fight against terror in America . "
" If illegal drug dealing supports terrorism , then growing our ownmedical marijuana is clearly the best way to fight terrorism , " assertedSteve Kubby , the founder and national spokesman for AMMA , the largestorganization of its kind in the country .
" Most medical cannabis patients do not have the option of quitting theone medicine that works best for them , but they can still do their partin the War on Terrorism by planting Cannabis Victory Gardens . "
" We are telling our California patients that like the Victory Gardensof WW II , patients and caregivers can contribute to the war effort byexercising their legal right to grow their own safe and affordablemedicine and not supporting criminals or terrorists , " said KubbyIn 1996 , California became the first and only state that allowspatients and caregivers to legally cultivate unlimited amounts ofcannabis , so long as none is " diverted to non-medical use . "
Otherstates all have strict limits and AMMA said it is not advocating Victory Gardens outside of California .
" My own right to grow a cannabis garden of 256 plants was upheld by ajury in one of the most conservative counties in California , so wethink that is a good standard for how large these Victory Gardensshould be , " said Kubby .
Last May , the U.S. Supreme Court said the Oakland CBC , a non-profitpatient coop , was distributing marijuana in violation of federal druglaws .
The high court ruled that the so - called " medical necessitydefense " was at odds with a 1970 federal law that marijuana , heroin andLSD have no medical benefits and cannot be dispensed or prescribed bydoctors .
But Justice Clarence Thomas noted that important constitutionalquestions remained , such as Congress ' ability to interfere withintrastate commerce , the right of states to experiment with their ownlaws and whether Americans have a fundamental right to marijuana as away to be free of pain .
The Oakland CBC is currently back in federal district court , with newarguments based upon intrastate commerce and state 's rights , assertingthat Californians have every right to pass a medical marijuana law andpatients have every right not to be harassed by the federal government .
Date : Fri , 01 Feb 2002 22:20:25 -0800 From : " D. Paul Stanford " {stanford@crrh.org }Subject : Deliberate lie from media ??From : " JT Barrie " {rimchamp77@onebox.com }
The so called " study " that showed " marked increases in drug use " instates with more liberal drug laws is in fact an outright lie .
At bestit is a deliberate attempt to mislead .
Even my harshest critics concedeme the fact that if we stopped jailing primarily low income people foruse and possession it would not encourage anyone presently not usingrecreational drugs or not seriously considering use to begin to do so .
What would really happen would be " drug shifting " from alcohol and pharmaceuticals to certain mostly safer street drugs .
Since suchstudies make no effort whatsoever to account for shifting , or toaccount for amount of use and toxicity levels .
Many would drink lessand toke more and all the study would show is an increase in one druguse and no decrease in another .
A shift from hard liquor or cocaine to marijuana would n't beregistered .
Another factor not even considered is the probability ofless lying with fewer sanctions ; in other words , more people who usedwould be likely to tell the truth with lesser penalties .
The truth isthat the overall drug user population has never been affected by druglaws .
The truth is that prohibition always increases the total numberof drug abusers significantly and overall crime rates even more so .
Thetruth is widely known by all media outlets and nearly all electedofficials who affect drug policy and do n't speak up .
These people merely1 ] change the topic of discussion then2 ] present us with false choices3 ] associate our opposition with the " other choice " [ which is eitherirrelevant , or directly tied to the continuation of itself - likeinternational drug cartels which profit immensely from the misery ofothers ] .
To quote Jack Nicholson from " A Few Good Men " : " you can ' thandle the truth ! " - so they put up the smokescreen and go into hiding .
The truth about War on Drugs and supportershttp://www.geocities.com/rimchamp77/800poundgorilla.htmlWe need to be asking all our leaders the following question : " Why doyou deliberately support a policy which you know is all bad ? " .
JT Barrierimchamp77@onebox.com - email ( 925 ) 695-2022 x7394 - voicemail/fax=====Safe Sacramental Cannabis , Food , Fuel , Fiber , FARM- aceuticalsHardrug , Booze & Petro - Chem AlternativeEliminated by Legislation and Administrated Education Depravation !
Welcomehttp://www.angelfire.com/ca7/ddc/index.html
The Sea Shepherd crew reports that the Japanese whaling fleet managed to kill one whale today , even in the midst of a hot pursuit from the anti-whaling ship , the Steve Irwin .
[ social_buttons ]
Captain Paul Watson deployed his two small boats to the Nisshin Maru , the whaling fleet ’s factory ship , where crew members threw “ rotten butter bombs ” onto the deck in an attempt to spoil the fresh whale meat .
The whalers responded by throwing whale blubber back at the activists .
The Japanese ship also cranked up their Long Range Acoustic Weapon ( LRAD ) , an ear - piercing weapon that can cause dizziness and nausiea , forcing the small boats to retreat .
The crew has been chasing three harpoon boats and the enormous Nisshin Maru factory ship for six days .
This is the first whale the Japanese have killed with Sea Shepherd present this season .
“ We lost one today , ” said Captain Watson .
“ My crew is sad and they are angry .
We did not see the kill but we saw the corpse and we saw the blood .
It is difficult to cover the movements of three hunter killer boats and to stay on the tail of this floating abattoir but we are doing the best we can with the resources we have . ”
UPDATE :
Things continue to heat up in the antarctic –the next season of Whale Wars is bound to be even more exciting than the first .
Sea Shepherd is reporting that their ship , the Steve Irwin , collided with one of the Japanese harpoon vessels after it crossed across its path .
Also , they say two more whales have been killed today .
More posts about Sea Shepherd :
Photo Credit : Sea Shepherd
Welcome to FANG's Homepage
FANG is a new programming language created by Jacob Torrey to both learn more about language development and to create a useful language that has a clean Scheme / Lisp like syntax , and nice features from a number of other languages without the cruft .
Current features of FANG :
Simple Scheme / Lisp like syntax
Auto - memoizing clean lambda functions
Saving / loading current state
Functions as first class data types
Future features of FANG :
Soft - processes with permissions / jailing
Multi -node operation and transactional replicated memory
Simple networking & file I/
O
Namespaces
Currently , FANG version 0.1 has been released !
It 's still under active development , and help or input would be greatly appreciated .
You can download a tarball of FANG version 0.1 or checkout FANG from the SVN repository using the username and password ' anonymous ' .
Hedge funds could reap billions from AIG John Byrne
Published : Wednesday March 18 , 2009
Print This Email This $ 160 million in bonuses to AIG executives ?
Try billions in dollars slated to be paid by AIG to hedge funds .
The massive now mostly - government owned insurer American International Group is slated to shell out billions of dollars to hedge funds that bet against the US housing market , according to documents reviewed by the Wall Street Journal .
In other words , vulture investors that bet the US housing market would crumble are scheduled to receive billions of dollars in premiums on their bets , even though many of them never had a material investment in the housing market .
And the cash paid out to these investors is coming from US taxpayers , who bailed out AIG .
To use a metaphor , AIG was the casino that could n't do math and the hedge funds are successful , well - schooled gamblers .
Hedge funds are typically only open to superrich investors , in part because of their high risk , and hold much of the market for betting against the stocks of certain industries or companies .
" The documents show how Wall Street banks were middlemen in trades with hedge funds and AIG that left the giant insurer holding the bag on billions of dollars of assets tied to souring mortgages , " the Journal 's Serena Ng reported .
" AIG has put in escrow some money for at least one major bank , Deutsche Bank AG , whose hedge - fund clients made bets against the housing market , according to a person familiar with the matter .
The money will be released to the bank if mortgage defaults rise above a certain level . "
" In essence , while the U.S. government is busy trying to prop up the housing market -- by trying to limit foreclosures , among other things -- it is simultaneously putting up cash that could be used to pay off investors who bet housing prices would tumble and many mortgage holders would default , " Ng added .
Just how much AIG is on the hook for is unclear .
Congress has committed $ 173 billion to bailing out AIG thus far , but its unknown how much of this could be enjoyed by hedge fund investors .
AIG 's housing market bets have cost taxpayers $ 52 billion to date .
" The transactions worked like this : Investment banks such as Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Deutsche Bank sold financial instruments to hedge funds letting them bet that mortgage defaults would rise , " Ng wrote .
" These instruments were credit default swaps , a form of insurance that pays out in the event of a debt default .
" Many of the assets AIG insured were tied to subprime mortgages .
The deterioration of those high - risk mortgages , along with AIG 's own financial woes , forced the insurer to put up billions of dollars in collateral , mostly to the banks that were its trading partners , " Ng added .
" AIG sold protection on securities backed by physical assets , as well as on positions almost entirely backed by other financial bets . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Exclusive
The story of the investigation into the failed multi-million pound cyberheist at Sumitomo Bank can finally be told , following the recent conviction and sentencing of its perpetrators .
The audacious Mission Impossible - style scam , which brought a pair of hackers and a bent insider together with other fraudsters , sought to spirit away £ 229 m ( $ 423 m ) from corporate accounts held at the London offices of the Japanese bank Sumitomo Mitsui in October 2004 .
The conspiracy narrowly failed and no money was ever lost .
Had it succeeded , the amount stolen would have dwarfed the £ 26 m in gold bullion taken in the November 1983 Brinks Mat robbery and the £ 40 m
Securitas job in 2006 .
Tech - savvy cybercrooks were smuggled into Sumitomo 's offices in September 2004 , where they used commercial keystroke - logging software - not spyware or specialist hardware , as initially and widely reported - to capture usernames and passwords needed to make Swift bank transfers .
Marc Kirby led the investigation
These stolen login credentials were used in an unsuccessful attempt to transfer money to ten overseas accounts under the control of fraudsters a month later .
Repeated attempts to transfer funds to accounts in Spain , Dubai , Hong Kong and Singapore failed because of errors in completing one of the fields in the Swift system used to make transfers .
But for this failure , accounts held by firms including Toshiba International , Nomura Asset Management , Mitsui OSK Lines and Sumitomo Chemical would have been plundered .
The score
Returning to work after the weekend break , Sumitomo staff noticed that PCs had been tampered with .
Executives reported the crime after receiving notice of the failed transfers , sparking a painstaking two - year police investigation .
The investigation was led by Marc Kirby , retired former detective inspector at the National Hi-Tech Crime Unit and later an officer at SOCA , who saw the investigation through from the first phone call from the bank and spoke exclusively to The Register .
" We quickly established something untoward had happened when we checked the CCTV footage and discovered tampering , " Kirby told El Reg .
" The sensitivity had been altered , turned down , so that the cameras did n't record what was happening on the trading floor . "
Police quickly recognised the heist as an inside job , seizing building entry records and CCTV footage from street cameras .
Security supervisor Kevin O'Donoghue , 34 , became a key suspect once it was realised that computers were tampered with over the weekend .
O'Donoghue repeatedly smuggled two men - later identified as the hackers involved in the plot - into Sumitomo 's London office .
When challenged by other workers , O'Donoghue claimed the pair were there only for a card game .
A U.S. Army officer was sentenced to 25 years in prison by a military jury in Kentucky Saturday for shooting and killing an Iraqi detainee during an interrogation in Iraq .
First Lt. Michael Behenna of Edmond , Okla. , was convicted a day earlier of murder and assault , but acquitted of making a false statement .
He had faced up to life in prison .
" We are disappointed at the jury 's verdict and the sentence , " Behenna 's lawyer Jack Zimmermann said .
Zimmermann said he has filed a motion for a mistrial , claiming prosecutors withheld evidence that could help Behenna 's defence .
The judge has scheduled arguments on the motion Monday , Zimmermann said .
Behenna testified he was trying to defend himself when he shot Ali Mansour Mohammed , and that the detainee reached for the officer 's gun in a secluded railroad culvert near Beiji , Iraq , in May .
Prosecutors said the detainee was defenceless against Behenna , and the officer 's threats and other actions showed he had planned to kill the man .
Zimmermann argued Behenna would n't have brought along an Iraqi translator if he had planned to kill the detainee .
Behenna testified that he threatened Mohammed and pointed his gun at him to scare out information about a roadside bombing that had killed two members of his platoon .
After the detainee was shot twice , once in the head and once in the chest , another soldier testified that he tossed an incendiary grenade on the body .
Staff Sgt. Hal Warner pleaded guilty this month to charges of assault , maltreatment of a subordinate and making a false statement .
He was sentenced to 17 months in prison and testified against Behenna .
[ / caption ]
As long as we ’re still pondering human origins , we may as well entertain the idea that our ancestor microbes came from Mars .
And Jay Melosh , a planetary scientist from the University of Arizona in Tucson , is ready with a geologically plausible explanation .
Meteorites .
“ Biological exchange between the planets of our solar system seem not only possible , but inevitable , ” because of meteorite exchanges between the planets , Melosh said .
“ Life could have originated on the planet Mars and then traveled to Earth . ”
Melosh is a long - time researcher who says he ’s studied “ geological violence in all its forms . ”
He helped forge the giant impact theory of the moon ’s formation , and helped advance the theory that an impact led to the extinction of the dinosaurs 65 million years ago .
He points out that Martian meteorites have been routinely pummeling Earth for billions of years , which would have opened the door for past Mars microbes to hitch a ride .
Less regularly , Earth has undergone impacts that sent terrestrial materials flying , and some of those could have carried microbes toward the Red Planet .
“ The mechanism by which large impacts on Mars can launch boulder - sized surface rocks into space is now clear , ” he said .
He explained that a shock wave spreads away from an impact site faster than the speed of sound , interacting with the planetary surface in a way that allows material to be cast off – at relatively low pressure , but high speed .
“ Lightly damaged material at very high speeds , ” he said , “ is the kind of environment where microorganisms can survive . ”
Scientists have recent evidence of Earth microbes surviving a few years in space .
When the Apollo 12 astronauts landed on the moon , they retrieved a camera from Surveyor 3 , an unmanned lander that had touched down nearly three years prior .
Earthly microbes – including those associated with the common cold — were still living inside the camera box .
“ The records were good enough to show one of the technicians had a cold when he was working on it , ” he said .
Scientists also have evidence that microbes can survive for thousands or even hundreds of thousands of years when frozen on Earth , but surviving that long in space would be an entirely different matter , with the bombardment of UV light and cosmic rays .
Then again , the microbe Dienococcus radiodurans is known to survive in the cores of nuclear reactors .
Melosh acknowledges that scientists lack proof that such an exchange has actually occurred between Mars and Earth — but science is getting ever closer to being able to track it down .
LEAD PHOTO CAPTION : Artist ’s conception of an fragment as it blasts off from Mars .
Boulder - sized planetary fragments could be a mechanism that carried life between Mars and Earth , UA planetary scientist Jay Melosh says .
( Painting by Don Davis .
Copyright SETI Institute , 1994 )
Source : University of Arizona and an interview with Jay Melosh
Mozilla developers march on in their quest to dethrone Internet Explorer from its perch by releasing Firefox 3.1 Beta 3 .
There ’s been slight confusion amongst the online community what with Mozilla announcing a change in naming convention 3.1 â† ’ 3.5 . Meaning the final release will be termed Firefox 3.5 .
There are developments that matter to the end - user in this release – both cosmetic as well as core features that improve the average person ’s browsing experience .
Performance
A marked improvement in browsing and rendering speed as compared to the 3.0.x versions , although truth be told , Google ’s Chrome still feels slightly faster .
This due , in part to an improved Gecko rendering engine and of course , TraceMonkey which has been enabled by default since Beta2 .
Expect AJAX based sites ( read most Web2.0 sites ) to be faster .
Native support for JSON has been included and that will ease the task of loading data to web applications .
I personally also saw a marked improvment in RAM usage especially with a number of non-static pages / sites loaded .
This , I ’m sure will be substantiated thru more professional tests and hopefully will improve with future releases .
Interface
The new tab button is now placed next to the last tab instead of the far right of the tab bar , making it more discoverable .
The whole emphasis has been shifted to present Firefox as a tabbed browser .
Tabbed browsing or single window mode is now enabled by default .
One can also tear tabs off the tab bar to create new windows , and drag and drop them from one Firefox window to another .
The much talked about Private Browsing Mode works very well indeed and can be toggled either via an entry in the TOOLS menu .
Privacy mode is then engaged until you manually turn it off thru the menu or until the browser is closed .
Awesome Bar keyword filters
A new feature is also the ability to filter what is displayed in the Firefox location bar ( aka Awesome Bar ) by including special characters :
One can restrict the search to one ’s history by typing â€œ^â€ , or bookmarks with â€œ *â€ , or tagged pages with â€œ+â€ .
To make what youâ€™ve typed match only in the URL type â€œ@â€ , and for title / tags only use â€œ#â€ .
More details & screengrabs at Edward Lee ’s post .
Native Ogg A/V playback
This latest BETA can also now natively play OGG audio and video citing support for HTML5 ’s < video > element – so no need for external plugins or media players for this OpenSource format .
Sample video here .
VERDICT : If you ’re a geek and / or a Firefox Fan , go get it .
It ’s not ready for mainstream release yet – the lack of compatible extensions et al is one more reason to stick to 3.0.x , but if you ’re looking for faster performance and less memeory usage , I say go for it .
You can get Firefox 3.1 Beta 3 , available for Linux , Windows and Mac , in 64 languages , from the Firefox beta download page .
効果のある痩身エステを受けたいなら、接客から施術まで、サービスに力を入れているサロンであることが不可欠です。痩身エステで人気のあるサロンを探しているなら是非ご覧ください。
女性に人気の痩身エステとは
痩身エステとは、痩せるためにはダイエットが必要となりますが、痩せてもスタイルをよく見せられないこともあるので、スタイルをよく見せるために利用したほうが良いと言われています。部分痩せは個人のダイエットでは難しく、痩身エステを利用することで痩せたい部分を徹底的に痩せるようにしてくれます。
エステで行われることとは、ハンドとマシンの二つの種類に分けることができます。ハンドエステは、エステティシャンの手のひらを使った施術となります。手のひらでマッサージが行われ、身体の中の滞っている老廃物の排出を促進させる効果と、癒しの効果を得られます。
効果としては、血液を循環させて代謝をアップし、痩せやすい体にすることができます。むくみやセルライトの解消効果と、癒しによってストレスを軽減できるとされています。下半身太りで悩んでいると言う方は、ハンドエステから始めてみると良いでしょう。マシンエストでは、その名の通りマシンを使った施術となります。人の手では得られない直接的な効果を促すため、即効性は抜群とされています。
手っ取り早く痩せたいという方はマシンエステを利用するようにしましょう。また、気になる部位を集中的にケアすることも可能となり、痩せにくい太ももやお尻などの部分痩せの効果を発揮します。痩身の最新技術を試したいという方は利用してみましょう。一言でマシンと言っても様々な種類があり、吸引、超音波、高周波などが存在します。
痩身エステの読み方について
痩身エステに本格的に挑戦をしたい場合には、年頃の女性を対象としたファッション誌の読み方をマスターすることが重要な課題として位置付けられています。現在のところ、人気の高い店舗の選び方について、ネット上で様々な取り上げ方をされることがありますが、いざという時に備えて、顧客対応の良いエステティシャンにお世話になることがコツといえます。
出典：ブライダルエステの評価が高い新宿エステ
一般的に、痩身エステの予約の取り方に関しては、素人が理解をすることが難しいとされ、常日ごろから各店舗の差し真のサービスの良しあしをじっくりと比較することが求められます。ニーズの高いサービスが導入されている店舗については、大手の雑誌などでしばしば特集が組まれることがあるため、空き時間を使いながら、正しい読み方を覚えることが肝心です。
痩身エステの効果の程度に関しては、人それぞれの体質や生活の過ごし方などによって、大きなバラつきが出ることがありますが、将来的なトラブルを避けるうえで、同様の悩みを抱えている人からアドバイスを受けることが欠かせません。
最近では、体験モニターの制度が設けられている痩身エステに注目が集まっており、短期間のうちに健康的にダイエットに挑戦をするうえで、各店舗の担当のスタッフと話し合いをすることが大切です。その他、店舗選びの方法について迷っていることがあるときには、多方面のメディアをうまく使い分けることで、自信を持って行動をすることが可能となります。
Former US vice - president Dick Cheney today launched a forthright public attack on Barack Obama 's administration , saying decisions to close Guantánamo Bay and outlaw harsh interrogation methods had left the United States more vulnerable to the risk of a terrorist attack .
In an interview also remarkable for the strenuousness with which he sought to defend George Bush 's foreign policies , Cheney claimed the US had achieved " what we set out to do " in Iraq , and that the war had been " worth doing " because it had eliminated " the biggest threat " America faced in the wake of the 9/11 attacks .
After two months during which he has kept a low profile , Cheney surfaced to give his first televised interview since leaving office to CNN's John King , who asked him if he thought Obama 's reversal of numerous Bush - era detention practices had made the US less safe .
" I do , " Cheney replied .
The new president , he added , was " making some choices that in my mind will raise the risk to the American people of another attack " .
Obama has ordered the closure of the detention camp at Guantánamo Bay , and of secret CIA prisons around the world , and has banned controversial interrogation methods such as waterboarding , widely regarded as a form of torture .
On Friday , the White House announced that it would stop using the phrase " enemy combatant " to describe Guantánamo detainees , and would base its treatment of them on international law , a change of course that several human rights groups said did not go far enough .
But Cheney insisted the Bush administration 's approach to detention had been " absolutely essential to the success we enjoy , of being able to collect the intelligence that led us to defeat all further attempts to launch attacks against the United States since 9/11 .
I think it 's a great success story .
It was done legally , it was done in accordance with our constitutional practices and principles . "
The former vice - president also sided with a minority of Americans in describing the Iraq war as worthwhile , claiming that the problems the US had encountered there were " secondary " to the " basic result " of removing Saddam Hussein .
" I think it was absolutely the right thing to do , and I think when history reviews this period 10 or 20 years hence , what will be significant was that we did , in fact , accomplish what we set out to do , " he said .
" We have succeeded in creating , in the heart of the Middle East , a democratically governed Iraq .
And that 's a big deal . "
The war , he maintained , had eliminated the possibility of " a terror - sponsoring state with weapons of mass destruction … providing those to a terrorist organisation . "
In a wide - ranging fusillade against Obama , Cheney also criticised his choice of ambassador in Iraq , Christopher Hill , calling him inexperienced , and said the president was using the recession to try to justify " one of the biggest expansions of federal authority … in the history of the republic " .
He dismissed the idea that the Bush administration was to blame for the current crisis as " interesting rhetoric " .
Cheney diverged from total support for Bush only over his former chief of staff , " Scooter " Libby , who was convicted of perjury and obstruction of justice .
Bush spared Libby from prison , but Cheney said the president 's failure to pardon him had left him " hanging in the wind " .
Devon Chaffee , an attorney with Human Rights First , which campaigns on national security issues , said : " The interrogators and former military leaders we 've spoken to just do n't believe that the so - called ' enhanced ' interrogation techniques were effective – they made us less secure , not more secure . "
In case you missed it , this was in response to Cheney saying Obama 's policies made us less safe .
Even Bush for all of his faults had enough class to not to be overly critical of the new administration .
Then again , I think Bush is just happy to not have to hang out with Cheney anymore .
In fact , Obama 's comments mirror ( Republican ) Chuck Hagel's :
HAGEL : That ’s ridiculous !
It has no merit on fact or by any measurement .
I mean come on , this guy has n’t even been in office two months .
The mess that the Bush administration left the Obama administration .
I ’m a Republican ... we got America into two wars , we ’ve done great damage to our economy , to our force structure , to our standing in the world .
For a Vice President who participated in that , who led in that , to come on and say that this new administration has really put America in danger is just folly .
I just think it 's funny that no one could really FIND Cheney for the last 4 - 8 years , and now all of a sudden he 's everywhere insulting Obama .
BTW , did we ever find out what 's in that man sized safe ?
I 'm really looking forward to the 60 minutes interview tomorrow , they really tend to do decent interviews on 60 minutes , and I 'm sure there will be plenty more newsworthy items .
Here 's the last interview he did on 60 Minutes right after the election :
( sorry for the short diary , just thought you guys would appreciate this " preview " quote :o ) )
UPDATE CBS released other previews :
CBS PREVIEWS TONIGHT’S " 60 MINUTES " INTERVIEW WITH THE PRESIDENT – 7 p.m. ET : " In his longest interview since taking office , President Barack Obama tells Steve Kroft that New York ’s Wall Street executives need to get out of town to appreciate the public ’s anger towards them and that embattled Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ’s job is safe .
The president even joked that were Geithner to tender his resignation , he would say , ‘ Sorry Buddy , you ’ve still got the job . ’
The 90 - minute interview [ Friday ] evening began on the White House lawn and ended in the Oval Office where the president also addressed the economy , the bonus tax , healthcare , automakers ’ bailouts , Afghanistan and Pakistan and answered recent criticism from former Vice President Dick Cheney .
...
The president said neither he nor Geithner has mentioned resignation from his Treasury post and that criticism is natural .
‘ It ’s going to take a little bit more time than we would like to make sure that we get this plan just right .
Of course , then we 'd still be subject to criticism , ’ he tells Kroft .
‘ What 's taken so long ?
You 've been in office a whole 40 days and you have n't solved the greatest financial crisis since the Great Depression , ’ Obama said with a laugh .
40 whole days ?
What a slacker !
( actually it 's been more than 40 days , he 's getting dangerously close to " Bush incompetence " here )
" The president acknowledged his need for the support of Wall Street for his banking plan that he will reveal next week .
But many of those executives , particularly in New York , need to appreciate populist perspective , too , he said in a discussion of the 90 percent bonus tax for workers making over $ 250,000 a year at companies receiving large taxpayer bailouts .
Responding to Kroft ’s observation that Wall Street types in the New York area thought the appointments of Geithner and Lawrence Summers to his cabinet indicated he would be more supportive of them , Obama said those people need to get out of town .
‘ They need to spend a little time outside of New York .
Because ... if you go to North Dakota , or you go to Iowa , or you go to Arkansas , where folks would be thrilled to be making $ 75,000 a year -- without a bonus -- then I think they'd get a sense of why people are frustrated . ’
" Obama fires back at former Vice President Dick Cheney ’s charge that his plan to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay and end torture of terrorism suspects has made the U.S. less safe .
‘ How many terrorists have actually been brought to justice under the philosophy that is being promoted by Vice President Cheney ?
It has n't made us safer .
What it has been is a great advertisement for anti-American sentiment . ’
Pressed by Kroft that some of the released prisoners have returned to terrorist groups , the president said , ‘ There is no doubt that we have not done a particularly effective job in sorting through who are truly dangerous individuals ... to make sure [ they ] are not a threat to us , ’ he says .
But he called the Bush administration ’s policy on detainees at Guantanamo –including long incarcerations with no trials – ‘ unsustainable . ’
" The interview includes a walk on the grounds of the White House , where the swing set for his two daughters , Sasha and Malia , is visible .
Obama said having dinner with his family and playing with his children each day is a welcome respite from the pressure of his office where , he concedes , decisions that land on his desk are often a choice ‘ between bad and worse . ’
His hardest one thus far , he tells Kroft , was sending an additional 17,000 troops to Afghanistan . "
Sounds like it should be a good interview .
The Chief White Horse winter count pictograph has been in the Denver Museum of Nature & Science for several decades .
The count starts with the drawing of a crow in the center - left portion of the cloth representing the year 1790 .
© DENVER MUSEUM OF NATURE & SCIENCE , Photo Scott Dressel - Martin
The 32 - page narrative is now in the Edina home of 25 - year - old Libby Holden and her family .
The document is a simple looking binder of legal - size paper with red margins on both sides of the sheets .
Some of the cream colored pages are a little tattered at the edges .
Holden said her great - grandmother typed out the oral history nearly 100 years ago .
" The front page says ' transcript of the pictorial history of the Sioux nation as kept by the White Horse family .
Told by Chief White Horse of White Horse Station , Cheyenne River Indian Reservation , South Dakota , on September 8th , 1910 ' , " Holden said .
The neatly - typed pages document more than a century of the history and culture of the Lakota , known to white settlers as the Sioux .
It starts with the year 1790 .
It 's part of a Lakota oral history tradition known as the winter count .
Each year is described by a significant event .
In the White Horse narrative , the entry for some years is just a few words .
( 1835 ) In the year of stars moving in the sky .
Others howerver , are longer , such as this passage from 1845 .
( 1845 ) In this year the Sioux Indians were starving and dying for lack of food because there had been no buffalos in their country for a long time .
So they took the head of an old buffalo and painted it red , and placed it in a tepee and worshipped it with much singing and other things , and asked this buffalo head to send them buffalos to where they are located inside the boundary line .
Their prayers were successful and many buffalos came to the place where they were camped , so the Sioux had again plenty of food .
This sort of first hand history is what makes the White Horse document so valuable .
But after Holden 's great - grandmother typed it out in 1910 , it seems to have disappeared .
Libby Holden , 25 , of Edina , holding the nearly 100 - year - old document that contains the oral history of Lakota Chief Martin White Horse .
Holden 's great - grandmother typed out White Horse 's stories in 1910 .
MPR Photo / Laura Yuen
Libby Holden said her grandmother , who inherited the oral history , never spoke about it .
It 's possible she never knew she had the document .
When she died , her possessions were stored at the family 's printing company .
Last summer , Libby Holden and several other family members began sorting through the items .
Holden says one big musty old trunk was especially interesting .
" It was full .
Jewelry , Native American bracelets and beadwork that was gorgeous , " Holden said .
" Letters , scarfs , small pictures .
Things were still on hangers and orderly in drawers . "
Holden said the trunk also contained the White Horse oral history .
She said it 's possible the items were packed away by her great - grandmother and left untouched by her descendants .
" We all read it later that night at dinner or afterwards and we said ' Hey , this is really cool , ' " Holden said .
( 1823 ) In this year there was a big star ( presumably a meteor ) which came from the East and went toward the west : this star had a long tail and made a great noise and it burst in the west , causing an earthquake .
She said the discovery of the White Horse narrative pulled the family back to a place important to its own history , the Cheyenne River reservation in north central South Dakota .
Holden 's great grandparents , George and Florence May Thwing , lived there in the early 1900s .
George was an attorney who served Native Americans and Florence May is the one who actually typed up the White Horse stories .
Nearly a century after she and Chief White Horse sat down with interpreter Harvey Left Handed Bear , the family sent copies of the oral history back to the town that bears the chief 's name .
About 75 people attended a ceremony in the town of White Horse last December to mark the rediscovery of the narrative .
" It was very , very meaningful , " said Donna Rae Petersen , a tribal member who helped organize the event .
" With this time frame of recession , depression if you will , in this small , little community on the Moreau River on a very , super - cold , Sunday afternoon , people came together and it was a good , warm feeling , " Petersen said .
Lakota Chief Martin White Horse was a winter count keeper for his tribe in South Dakota .
He died in 1915 .
Photo courtesy of the Timber Lake and Area Historical Society
Petersen said , like many Indian communities across the nation , the people of Cheyenne River are becoming more interested in their cultural heritage .
" People were just genuinely happy to have something wonderful like this come back to their community as far as information goes , " Petersen said .
" It 's our past coming back to life . "
The White Horse narrative is a companion piece to a second historical document the chief left behind , the White Horse winter count pictograph .
It 's a series of drawings on a piece of canvas , each drawing represents one year , starting in 1790 and ending in 1910 .
Libby Holden , foreground , recounts the story of how her family found the oral history of Lakota Chief Martin White Horse while going through her deceased grandmother 's things last June .
She 's seated next to her sister , Tricia , in their Edina home .
MPR Photo / Laura Yuen
The pictograph has been in a Denver museum for several decades .
Ray DeMallie is an anthropology professor at Indiana University who 's researched and written about winter counts .
He said to find an oral history like the White Horse narrative that tells the stories in a pictograph , is a rare event .
" It 's an important and irreplaceable document , " DeMallie said .
DeMallie said the winter count was used by the Lakota as a way to track the years .
There was a designated winter count keeper , who added a new drawing each year .
" The winter count would be brought out literally during the dark evenings of winter and the count keeper would show the pictographs one by one and tell the stories behind them , " DeMallie said .
" The primary audience would be children , bringing them up with a sense of history . "
The drawings are very simple .
Some are easy to interpret , others may leave the viewer guessing .
A drawing on the White Horse winter count of a human figure covered with red spots tells of a smallpox outbreak that year .
There are at least a couple of dozen winter count pictographs known to exist in the U.S .
Narratives explaining them though are much rarer .
There may be only a half dozen or so of these oral histories , ranging from rough notes to the more complete narratives like the White Horse document .
For Libby Holden of Edina , the oral history her family found last summer is a unique contribution to Lakota culture , but it 's also important to her own family history .
" It 's our past coming back to life . "
" We always knew that our great - grandfather had strong associations with the Native American population in South Dakota , " Holden said .
" But we never knew that our great - grandmother was also involved with them .
The document sheds a lot of light on her role . "
That role was most prominent on a cool , late summer day , a Thursday , in 1910 when Chief White Horse dictated his stories .
By that date , 20 years after the Wounded Knee massacre , the days of the Lakota living on the open prairie were long over .
Hemmed in on reservations , they faced new threats almost yearly .
Even as he dictated his stories , the chief knew that the federal government would begin selling parts of the Cheyenne River reservation to white homesteaders that very month .
But that loss is not what he focused on in the winter count .
The last entry is 121 , from the year 1910 .
( 1910 ) In this year we saw a great comet in the sky .
It was called by the white people Halley 's Comet .
" I think that 's a wonderful way for the document to end , " Holden said .
" Reading that last entry makes me smile .
It makes me think that there 's hope that the culture of the family of White Horse can be preserved .
It can continue to go on and be as constant as Halley 's Comet . "
But some pages of the cultural history of the White Horse family are a little tattered at the edges , others are missing completely .
Thanks to a Twin Cities family though , a few of those lost pages have been restored .
Click here to see an interactive graphic of the " winter count " pictograph and read some of the entries from the historical narrative .
You can also view a full - size , hi-res version of the pictograph to examine for yourself .
How to extract .tar.gz , .tgz , and .tar. bz2 files from the command line .
Download in .ogv format
CARDINAL George Pell , Catholic Archbishop of Sydney , is not a happy bunny .
Addressing an audience at Oxford University during a recent visit to the UK , the barmy cleric attacked a global campaign of “ bullying and intimidation ” by secular groups .
Some secularists , he said in this report , wanted a one - way street , and sought to drive Christianity not only from the public square but from providing education , health care and welfare to the wider community .
Modern liberalism has strong totalitarian tendencies .
Cardinal Pell said a Californian referendumÂ – Proposition 8 – that rejected same - sex marriage had been a focus for demonstrations , violence , vandalism and intimidation of Christians .
He said “ this prolonged campaign of payback and bullying ” would have received much more attention if same - sex marriage supporters had been the victims .
He added that it was strange how some of the most permissive groups easily became repressive despite their rhetoric about diversity and tolerance .
Opposition to same - sex marriage is a form of homophobia and therefore bad , but Christianophobic blacklisting and intimidation is passed over in silence .
Cardinal Pell said discrimination laws had been used to redefine marriage and the family .
Children could now have three , four or five parents , relegating the idea of a child being brought up by his natural mother and father to nothing more than a majority preference .
He also said last year ’s Victorian law decriminalising abortion made a mockery of conscientious objection , which had been attacked as merely a way for doctors and nurses to impose their morality on their patients .
Cardinal Pell said Christians urgently needed to deepen public understanding about religious freedom .
But Pell is quite happy to have Islam subjected to close scrutiny and criticism .
The West , he lamented , had become scared to criticise Islam and accepts death threats by Muslim extremists as normal .
Laws intended to promote tolerance were being used to stifle debate , which was :
READER COMMENTS ON
" KY Election Officials Arrested , Charged With ' Changing Votes at E - Voting Machines ' "
( 61 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Bev Harris said on 3/19/2009 @ 5:58 pm PT ...
Great article , Brad .
Clay County is even more notorious than Bullitt County .
It 's former election official is in jail for arson and election - rigging , as are several of its leading citizens .
You can find more about Clay County in my special report " Moonshine Elections 3 " - http://www.blackboxvoting.org/moonshine3.pdf
Excerpts on Clay County KY : In August , 2007 , Jennings B . White , the chief elections official in Clay County Kentucky pleaded guilty to involvement in a major drug ring .
He had been busted for drug running , extortion , arson and bribery and was sentenced to seven years in prison .
White had served two terms as county clerk .
He was arrested in 2006 in connection with a drug ring headed by Kenneth Day , a former Clay county election commissioner and local businessman .
Day admitted that he had bought votes at times .
Elections chief
White pleaded guilty to a number of charges , including money laundering for Day and taking drug cash .
Other charges against
White included conspiring to distribute drugs and conspiring to offer a bribe .
White also acknowledged that between May 2004 and October 2006 , he took part in extorting kickbacks .
And in my " Moonshine Elections 2 " report :
http://blackboxvoting.org/moonshine2.pdf
Excerpt , mostly from Wall Street Journal article : NEPOTISM GONE WILD
And then there 's Clay County , Kentucky .
You wo n't get far researching Clay County before you bump into a half - dozen Sizemores , who exist in abundance on both sides of the law .
I just can't top this article , written by Bryan Burrough .
It illustrates the pitfalls of family - run government so eloquently you simply must read these excerpts --- and bear in mind that ol ' Crawdad Sizemore won his latest election in May this year :
In Clay County , Ky. , It Takes Some Doing To Avoid a Sizemore
The Wall Street Journal . . .
Meet the powerful Sizemore clan , whose grip on this isolated mountain county is surpassed only by the violence that clings to its name .
Bombings , murders , alleged jury tampering , bootlegging --- the saga of the Sizemores weaves together all the strange and troublesome themes of politics in Appalachia 's hamlets .
There is Sheriff Harold Sizemore , whose father and predecessor as sheriff was killed in a backwoods hollow by a sniper 's bullets in 1969 .
There is County Judge Carl " Crawdad " Sizemore .
There is Constable " Black Jack " Sizemore , whose father was shot in the back by a county sheriff in 1922 .
And the tax assessor is James Sizemore , called a " double Sizemore " because his parents were both Sizemores .
. . .
Indeed , with control over the two largest sources of jobs --- the schools and the county payroll --- the Sizemores hold sway over much of Clay County 's populace .
Few folks hereabouts , including the Sizemores ' political opponents , will criticize them . . .
To understand Clay County 's contradictions , one must first understand the Sizemores --- which is n't easy since many Sizemores can't untangle their own family tree .
" There are about four or five sets of us , but as long as you 're a Sizemore , you 're a Sizemore , no matter what , " says Black Jack Sizemore , the constable .
" Above all , we stick together . " . . .
They first came into prominence hereabouts because of what is now known as the great Sizemore feud of 1931 .
. .
And before the killing stopped , family members recall , nine Sizemores were dead , including a deputy sheriff ambushed by his two first cousins in an argument over election results .
Even today , their critics say , the Sizemores preserve their special brand of justice in Clay County .
Consider the murder trial of Stevie Sizemore , a wealthy coal operator arrested in 1980 for gunning down two union organizers on a back road before a crowd of witnesses .
. . .
From the first pound of the gavel in the cramped mountain courtroom , the Sizemores were as thick as the fog here on a spring morning .
Escorting the jurors was Sheriff Harold Sizemore .
Handling the records was a county clerk who was married to a Sizemore .
. . .
That apparently was n't enough for some clan members .
According to investigators and affidavits filed with trial testimony , some family members waged a campaign to influence jurors .
. . .
Looking about the courtroom , state prosecutors knew they were in trouble .
So when the jury deadlocked with only a single guilty vote , despite four eyewitnesses who identified Mr. Sizemore as the killer , Ms. Goodman , the prosecutor , says she considered the single guilty vote a victory . . .
No member of the Sizemore clan admits to jury tampering , but one senior family member ,
Granville Sizemore , acknowledges the practice is n't unknown in Clay County .
" It 's what we down here call , ' knowing the jury , ' " he says .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Orangutan . said on 3/19/2009 @ 7:05 pm PT ...
Spread this everywhere .
This is the future .
This is the revolution type shit that is needed to be confronted and fixed .
And thanks guys for doing all the work on this stuff .
It is so appreciated .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/19/2009 @ 7:11 pm PT ...
Thanks , Bev .
Had a feeling you'd be the first one to jump into comments on this one !
BTW , I 've now updated the article with details from the indictment itself , explaining how exactly they pulled off this scheme , using unsuspecting voters and the ES&S iVotronic ...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Greg D said on 3/19/2009 @ 7:22 pm PT ...
Brad - any idea how many votes were actually altered ?
Did they turn the election through this scheme ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/19/2009 @ 7:51 pm PT ...
Jeez , the wingnut conspiracy theorists were .... correct !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 3/19/2009 @ 8:07 pm PT ...
And still the sheeple will sleep .
I can give this to a girl I work with , and she will still insist that this is an isolated incident and no one else in the country should even think about it .
She will refuse to incorporate new facts into the bubble she lives in ; I know because I 've asked her about many things after giving her examples , and she keeps running in circles trying to get her head around the absolute oppositeness of what she 's hearing to what she has painted the world as .
In short , she would dismiss this " factual example of how problematic these machines are " as some kind of fiction , even if she watched these people doing it ( she would simply say " but , this is just them showing us .. this can't really happen on election day " )
Cognitive dissonance is going to destroy ( if it 's not already ) America .
But great post Brad !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... John Washburn said on 3/19/2009 @ 8:23 pm PT ...
Brad there is more in the indictment .
In addition to the manipulation individual iVotronics , the defendants also create bogus reports using the " features " of the UNITY suite .
The specific wording from the indictment is :
As part of the scheme to defraud the defendants assisted in the preparation of an
election report that falsely reported as valid fraudulent vote totals in the county to the
Kentucky Secretary of State and the Kentucky Board of Elections .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... John Dowd said on 3/19/2009 @ 9:00 pm PT ...
This case sheds new light ( FINALLY ! ) on the exit - poll results from the 2004 Presidential election in Ohio , which Edison - Mitofsky attempted to explain away as being due to simple , innocent " within - precinct error " , caused by voters in certain predominantly Republican counties deciding to lie about how they voted to the exit - pollsters .
Note that if Edison - Mitofsky had been doing exit - polls in Clay county , they would have said this was just another case of " within - precinct error " , nothing to see here , move along .
Only now we know that it was a conspiracy of a small group of people on the inside , who had access to the machines , who skewed the results .
Perhaps now , some leverage can be brought to bear on prosecutors in Ohio , or perhaps the DOJ could now be induced to require Edison - Mitofsky to turn over the precinct - level data from 2004 for investigation at the federal level .
Because now we know that election fraud can and does happen .
It has happened .
So may we please now , finally , get some investigations and some justice ?
For the love of truth , John Dowd
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Bev Harris said on 3/19/2009 @ 9:47 pm PT ...
One of the defendants in this case , named Maricle , piques my curiosity .
I took a look into the money laundering mechanisms used to launder bribes in that horrible Luzerne County Pennsylvania judge corruption case , where they were sentencing kids to lockup for bribes .
One of the bribery or kickback principles in that case is , as I remember it , Maricle Construction .
Not a very common name , and Eastern Kentucky is not all that far from Western Pennsylvania .
Wonder if they 're related ?
Also , there is an indictment in Monroe County Pennsylvania now alleging tampering with machines to add or change votes on the Danaher / Shoup 1242 DREs .
Brad , I so appreciate your coverage of this story , and the context you provide --- insider fraud is real .
We are finally breaking through the great taboo --- it used to be considered rude and " inappropriate " for us to even suggest that an elections official could be corrupt .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 3/19/2009 @ 9:51 pm PT ...
The other crime here is that a certified voting system had , according to the indictment you quote in the article , a button labeled " vote " that did n't cast a voter 's vote .
Somehow , at e-commerce sites , sellers have managed to figure out how to let you know when you 've completed your transaction .
But not voting machine vendors .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/19/2009 @ 9:51 pm PT ...
Greg D @ 4 asked : Brad - any idea how many votes were actually altered ?
Did they turn the election through this scheme ?
The indictment does n't say , and none of the stories that cover it mention that either .
So no , do n't have any of that info yet .
But if they did it in so many successive elections , as the indictment states , one would think it would have altered / turned the election results .
Either that , or they were just in it for the money , but it seems a pretty risky scheme to run for not much money .
John Washburn said @ 7 : In addition to the manipulation individual iVotronics , the defendants also create bogus reports using the " features " of the UNITY suite .
I thought what you thought , but I 'm not sure from the indictment .
Having read it all the way through , my sense is that the fraudulent report was the one submitted at the end of the night to officials , which were knowingly incorrect ( since they had changed votes themselves , and had destroyed the " assistance reports " ) .
That 's my sense for the moment , anyway .
Happy to learn otherwise , of course .
If you 're able to find any additional info there , please let me know !
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Bev Harris said on 3/19/2009 @ 9:54 pm PT ...
Well correction .
The Pennsylvania case involves Mericle Construction Inc. , Robert K. Mericle ; this is Russell Cletus Maricle , different spelling .
Assuming these guys can spell their own names , that is .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... John Dowd said on 3/20/2009 @ 6:44 am PT ...
Mericle , Maricle , Goldberg , Iceberg , what 's the difference .
Seriously , both Brad and Bev should get medal of Freedom awards for your work on this issue for many years now .
Meanwhile a friend who I sent this story to wrote back to ask , " Wow , has this news made it out of KY local news and the blogs " ?
Maybe we could get " The Daily Show " interested ?
John
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... junkie said on 3/20/2009 @ 6:59 am PT ...
People in Kentucky are allowed to vote ?!?!!
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Adam said on 3/20/2009 @ 7:19 am PT ...
I 've been reading your blog for a while now , and I must say that you 're doing a great job both generally , and on this matter in particular .
Thank you very much for educating me and so many others on this issue so thoroughly .
Please keep up the good work !
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Michelle Gabriel said on 3/20/2009 @ 7:30 am PT ...
I wonder how the investigators found out what was going on .
Did somebody " squeal " ?
And why did the criminals steal the election this way rather than just changing the results inside the machine ?
It would be interesting to see if the voting machine audit logs show how many times the vote was changed from the original vote to the checking of the final ballot .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Matthew said on 3/20/2009 @ 7:45 am PT ...
Who benefited from the rigged elections ?
Which sitting officials were selected by fraud and a gang , not by the people ?
Was it " nonpartisan " , where either party would suit whoever was getting installed by this fraud ?
Democrats or Republicans ?
I 'm surprised the articles and questions have n't answered or asked that most basic question yet .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Steve B said on 3/20/2009 @ 7:47 am PT ...
Looking forward to finding out what happened in the 2008 elections in Kentucky .
In 2006 , where most of the elected Kentucky officials were Democrats , there was one notable exception .
The Secretary of State elected was a Republican .
As we know , the SoS is responsible for the integrity of elections in most states of which one , I assume , is Kentucky .
So it will be interesting to see if , for instance , the election victory of Mitch McConnell was really on the up and up .
Possibly the trail will be or already has been in the process of being obliterated .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... TJ said on 3/20/2009 @ 8:23 am PT ...
Hmmm ...
I found the occupations of three of the arrestees :
a circuit court judge , a school superintendent , and a government employee --- I wonder which party they belonged to ....
Gee , that 's a tough one .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... David Rogers said on 3/20/2009 @ 8:44 am PT ...
Since none of the news media identified the party affiliation of any of the elected officials , but the Democratic Party County Chairman was one of those arrested , I think the party affiliation of the remainder should be pretty clear .
Am I right , Brad ?
All ( D ) , all the time ?
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... J. Stewart Schneider said on 3/20/2009 @ 8:44 am PT ...
I lost my election in Boyd County in 2006 by less than 300 votes .
The interesting thing was that by summing the highest Republican total for County Judge with the highest Democratic total one got a greater number of votes cast than voters .
We were told it was a " computer error " which was then " corrected " so that the numbers matched .
My , my .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... brityank said on 3/20/2009 @ 8:54 am PT ...
Many thanks ; got dropped in here through a link from Orly Taitz 's site DefendOurFreedoms.us .
And no I am not surprised .
There is only One Party , the Power Party .
Its makeup is similar to the back - to - back Male / Female restrooms in most office / mall / store buildings .
They appear segregated on the outside - but the output is combined and spread over all of us !
It 's long past time to go back to Paper Ballots that allow true verification , and mandate that all voters must vote at their Precincts , with very limited , Medically - necessary and / or Notarized submission of Absentee Ballots , and " Motor - Voter " fully repealed !
If you can't be bothered to follow the minimal requirements to cast your vote , you do n't deserve to .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/20/2009 @ 10:30 am PT ...
David @ 20 asked : Am I right , Brad ?
All ( D ) , all the time ?
Nope .
Not as far as I can tell so far .
There were both Republican and Democratic election judges involved here .
It could be that they were simply in it for the money for electing the " slate " of candidates ( who had paid them bribe money ) of any party .
It could be that they were pushing on behalf of one of those two parties , but had infiltrated the other .
It could be that these " Democrats " were actually old time " Dixiecrats " who vote Republican instead , or DINOs in that they wanted to affect primary elections by electing the weakest Democrat to go up against the Republican .
So , barring more info as I 'm able to find it , I do n't know which of the two major parties benefited most here and , ultimately , I actually do n't really care .
UPDATE : I forgot to add , that Clay County is a hugely Republican county .
So if these folks were Democrats , gaming election after election , year after year , it does n't seem as though they were particularly successful at it .
Yet , they kept doing it anyway , suggesting that this was likely about money more than politics .
But that too is speculation .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Styve said on 3/20/2009 @ 10:34 am PT ...
Hey Brad ... great reporting !
Is there a chance that these KY crooks will spill on the RNC schemes , or name names ?
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 3/20/2009 @ 10:40 am PT ...
And meanwhile over at the Great Orange Ostrich Haven someone tries to spread the news ... but someone else we 're familiar with explains in the comments that this event actually shows that elections with e-voting are safe ... no .
I 'm not kidding .
http://www.dailykos.com/...lating-e-voting-machines
http://www.dailykos.com/...009/3/20/13636/7272/2#c2
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/20/2009 @ 10:53 am PT ...
J. Stewart Schneider @ 21 said : I lost my election in Boyd County in 2006 by less than 300 votes .
Boyd uses a combination of Hart - Intercivic 's eSlate ( a DRE machine ) and Hart 's eScan ( a precinct - based paper - ballot scanner ) .
Presuming your description of what happened is accurate , I 'd suggest that both you --- and more importantly , the voters --- got screwed .
If you can't see it , and add it up for yourself , there is no reason to trust it .
If it does n't add up , it 's probably because it does n't add up .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... William Teach said on 3/20/2009 @ 12:15 pm PT ...
Looks like a bunch of these folks were Democrats .
How about that ?
Strange , huh ?
According to the indictment , Democratic election commissioner Charles Wayne Jones and election officer William E. Stivers helped extort money from candidates .
In some cases , candidates were apparently asked to pool money so votes could be bought .
Correct me if I am wrong , Brad , but sure seems as if you are trying to blame Republicans , when it appears as if everyone involved is a Democrat .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 3/20/2009 @ 12:59 pm PT ...
Correct me if I am wrong , Brad , but sure seems as if you are trying to blame Republicans , when it appears as if everyone involved is a Democrat .
I do n't see that , are you just assuming that ?
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 3/20/2009 @ 1:05 pm PT ...
Hey Brad ....
Have you seen this yet ?
A Nebraska - based voting machine maker has agreed to pay California $ 3.25 million to settle 2007 allegations that it sold unapproved voting systems to the state 's counties , the secretary of state said Thursday .
http://www.sacbee.com/ca...ornia/story/1715255.html
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 3/20/2009 @ 1:09 pm PT ...
I must give credit to Bev and Brad for shining a beacon on this issue for the last five years and hopefully these indictments will open the door even wider to dispel the notion that election officials and the machines they use are above reproach !
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... lmallia said on 3/20/2009 @ 2:20 pm PT ...
This is treason , we are a country at war .
Execute them for treason .
Firing squad , although garroting with piano wire would make more of a statement .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/20/2009 @ 2:27 pm PT ...
WIlliam Teach @ 27 said : Correct me if I am wrong , Brad , but sure seems as if you are trying to blame Republicans , when it appears as if everyone involved is a Democrat .
Okay , then I 'm correcting you .
You 're wrong .
Among those involved was the REPUBLICAN election judge .
But more importantly , as I noted in comment # 23 above , I can't figure out who these guys were actually supporting , and who --- if anyone , other than themselves --- they were representing in this scam .
So , as I could n't report that , I did n't .
So , yeah , you 're wrong .
If you have evidence to support your wrong theory , please feel free to share it with us .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Eric said on 3/20/2009 @ 3:06 pm PT ...
The scheme had to effect the outcome of elections , otherwise there would be no point .
Furthermore , the conspirators had to be able to prove to the beneficiaries that they were worth the money .
Whether that evidence still exists is an open question , but there had to have been evidence at some point of what the conspirators had accomplished .
One simply does not bribe election officials to throw elections one is going to win anyway .
The article reports that the money involved is small .
There should be little surprise .
In my limited experience in state and municipal government , the cost of " favors " is often shockingly small - a few hundred to a few thousand dollars for a municipal official , low five figure numbers for state officials .
The rule of thumb used to be no more than 10 % of the benefits would be split among all the conspirators .
Identifying who got the benefit of this scheme should be easy , but convicting them will be hard .
Corruption is an equal opportunity crime especially prevalent where a single party is in control for a long period .
Who controls the County ?
There is no need to describe why there will be no smoking gun .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... BH said on 3/20/2009 @ 3:40 pm PT ...
Hmmm ...
I found the occupations of three of the arrestees :
a circuit court judge , a school superintendent , and a government employee --- I wonder which party they belonged to ....
Gee , that 's a tough one .
I think school superintendents are elected in that part of the country .
Also , the superintendent would control quite a few jobs in the school district .
Therefore , it 's a lot more powerful position than you would suspect .
Same would go for judges and sheriffs in that area .
Looks like a transition from pure votebuying to vote manipulation is occurring there .
Which is a loss to the people who made money by selling their vote to the highest bidder .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... mark said on 3/20/2009 @ 5:27 pm PT ...
A little background from someone who grew up in that part of the country :
The party is irrelevant .
Many , if not most rural Kentucky counties are registered 95 % one party or the other .
It 's a self perpetuating system , if you grew up there , you register the majority party because all the elections are decided in the primary elections .
Many counties do in fact have competitive elections , the " reform " factions and " status quo " factions operate under the same party registration .
At the local level , there 's very little ( if any ) ideological difference in the Republican and Democratic counties , it 's really just a name .
Frequently , the ruling faction has control over the party apparatus of the other party , which makes it easier to control an election because you can field both election judges in a given precinct .
School superintendents are extremely powerful in rural Kentucky .
In the more corrupt counties , it 's a powerful position of political patronage , frequently the biggest employer in a poor , small county .
I do n't think it 's an elected position , but appointed by the school board .
That 's why some of the most highly contested elections are for school board .
I think Clay is a Republican County .
I 've seen this pattern repeated many times in rural Kentucky , and as i've said before , party affiliation is completely irrelevant .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... CCKY said on 3/20/2009 @ 6:35 pm PT ...
I am from Clay County , Kentucky and know each of the people arrested .
I also knew the officials previously convicted who are in prison now ( former mayor Daugh White , former county Clerk Jennings White , former Asst.
Chief of Police Todd Roberts , former 911 Director Vernon Hacker , former Manchester Fire Dept. Chief Charles " Dobber " Weaver , and former city councilman Darnell Hipshire ) .
There will likely be more to follow the current group arrested .
Clay County is roughly 90 percent Republican , including ALL of the eight arrested this week .
They registered as Democrat and took leadership roles in the local party to control precinct officer seats , ensuring all officers at the precinct were hand picked .
Notice that all of the elections in question are PRIMARY elections .
It 's common knowledge that if you win the Republican primary in Clay County you will win the general election .
If you want just check the political registration of the county and the party affiliation of current and former elected officials .
I ca n't attest to the guilt or innocence of any of those most recently arrested but I know for a fact that Clay County is very much a Republican county .
By the way , Jennings White 's attorney prior to his guilty plea was David Williams , the Republican President of the Kentucky Senate .
Look it up .
It 's all public record .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... eatmyass said on 3/20/2009 @ 6:49 pm PT ...
these people should be tried for treason and hopefully executed
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Shannon Williford said on 3/21/2009 @ 4:17 am PT ...
Were these folks not smart enough to hire a computer expert to flip the elections the easy way , with a virus or a worm ?
Unfortunately , we are still waiting for evidence of that ... shw
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/21/2009 @ 6:59 am PT ...
I still say we should be putting homeless veterans in these positions ; they have already literally put their lives on the line for real democracy .
Just let the criminals try to corrupt that true honor and see how many more stories like this show up !
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Bill said on 3/21/2009 @ 8:45 am PT ...
I would like to know in which states were voters fraud proven ?
If there were voter fraud was parties or just one party ?
What about ACORN were they involved in voter fraud ?
If there were voter fraud how many states , what party and who benefited ( President , Congress Senators )
Is there an ongoing investigation into voter fraud
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 3/21/2009 @ 9:46 am PT ...
... Bill said ...
" I would like to know in which states were voters fraud proven ? "
Actual voter fraud ?
Good luck with that as it's very rare .
I know ... that 's not what Republicans etc say but it happens to be the truth .
Despite Brad 's attempts at even - handedness the imaginary specter of " Rampant Voter Fraud ! " is a Republican concoction ... so much so that it has become a de facto plank of the Republican party .
Unfortunately for the Republicans there has been precious little evidence of actual voter fraud , aside from Ann Coulter and " Joe the Plumber " that is And most of what little is left , besides Rethug hypocrites , has turned out to be unfortunate immigrants and felons who had made honest mistakes ... and who were then crucified for " voter fraud " even in the cases where bureaucrats admitted that they had given incorrect ( wrong ) voting eligibility information to the defendants .
Guilt innocence or intent did not matter in these political prosecutions ... only that there was something that the Rethugs could point to and scream " VOTER FRAUD !!! "
And in the end even instances of this brand of fiasco of justice was so few and far between that it does n't even register statistically in the total electorate .
And in the even fewer cases where non-Rethug celebrity , non-honest - mistake voter fraud is found ... it 's so scarce as to be nigh - nonexistent .
There is n't a voter fraud problem in real life ... but the Republicans sure lie a lot about it to themselves and everybody else they think will listen .
So much so they think it 's the truth .
And ACORN ?
More imaginary BS by the Republicans .
ACORN was defrauded by some workers who turned in lists of imaginary voters .
But ACORN was required by law to turn in ALL lists collected ... even those they knew were fraudulent .
So ACORN turned in the lists , as required by law , along with alerts to the government as to which list were known to be problems .
And Rethugs being Rethugs and the U.S. Department of Justice being overrun by political hacks ... the circus started .
A media circus that it turns out had been planned long in advance by the Rethugs and the DOJ .
They knew , you see , they already knew that ACORN would be required to turn the bad lists over along with the good lists ... and they screamed and they leaped .
And in so doing the DOJ , at the behest of and on the behalf of the Rethugs , defrauded the American taxpayers of however much the ACORN investigations cost .
Because they knew , you see , they knew all along that ACORN was innocent and that ACORN had in fact obeyed the law at each step .
ACORN was defrauded by a few people padding their lists with imaginary voter signups .
The American public was defrauded by a politicized Department of Justice that knew in advance that ACORN was innocent .
And there was never a chance that those few lists of imaginary voters would have actually shown up at the polls ... so " voter fraud " never came into the equation at all .
There are real problems to solve with America 's voting process ... and " voter fraud " does n't rank high on the list of real problems .
In fact it does n't rank at all on any reasonable scale .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/21/2009 @ 3:20 pm PT ...
I still want to know what happened to Mike Gibbons of Kwaidan infamy ... how did he croak ?
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 3/22/2009 @ 12:53 am PT ...
Through all of these crazy years of high election officials and voting machine vendors saying and doing unbelievable things that just could n't pass the smell test , I could never figure out why they would take such huge risks with their integrity ; not to mention their freedom .
I 've always imagined that somebody told them that nobody has ever been arrested or jailed for election fraud , so go for it !
I think one of the reasons Obama won this time is because of the little people who finally got sentences in Ohio .
This is a great victory , because now , more then ever , it will be obvious that things have changed .
It could not have happened without the voting integrity movement started by Beverly Harris and carried out by Brad and all the others .
Thank you , thank you !
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Jim March said on 3/22/2009 @ 1:01 am PT ...
The first thing that strikes me is how extremely primitive this hack is - in other words , more or less zero technical knowledge needed and only a basic understanding of the voting machines .
The level of " insider tech knowledge " is about what you 'd get simply doing a normal test election ... zero coding or even operating system knowledge is required .
I suspect we can divide electronic vote tampering ( including optical scan systems in places where no hand count is allowed or at least common ) into three broad categories : * Really simple " hacks " that any idiot could pull off .
This qualifies in spades .
* More complex " local hacks " performed by moderately savvy local elections officials / staffers or their local consultants .
I strongly suspect the Pima County RTA race of 2006 would fall into this category , as would something done by a local outsourcing agency such as LHS Associates serving New Hampshire and the surrounding New England area .
The well - documented Volusia County 2000 hack ( 14,022 I think it was " negative votes " in one precinct ) is so far the best proven example .
In these attacks , somebody has studied the voting system but does n't have full - on " manufacturer level knowledge " of how they work .
* " Manufacturer - level hacks " are so far theoretical and the most frightening of all .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Lynn said on 3/22/2009 @ 4:38 am PT ...
I am from Clay County , Ky .
First of all , for the people who sold their vote , you are to me as guilty as these alleged schemers .
For those of us who can read and write and for the people who can't read or write , who did n't sell their vote , we are the true victims in all of this .
We did n't know how these new machines worked and we entrusted these officals to help us and look at what happened .
My heart truly goes out to those honest people who can't read or write like my dad .
My mother goes in with him to help him cast his vote .
Whose to say though after she help him that this vote was altered .
I hope a thorough investigation is done on who sold their vote and did n't .
For those who went to the polls honestly and whose vote was changed , I think the citizens of Clay County should get together and file a personal law suit against those who allegedly changed votes .
Whether we get a $ 1.00 or nothing , maybe this will be an example to these elected officials sworn to do their job responsibly - maybe the next appointed election officials will stop and think about what they 're doing .
This corruption needed to be exposed even though it 's embarrassing for our county .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Madeline Rawley said on 3/22/2009 @ 9:27 am PT ...
I would like more information about the indictment of someone in Monroe County , Pennsylvania for fixing the Danaher 1242 electronic machines as I like in Bucks County PA where the same machine is used .
It is also used in Philadelphia , Delaware , Berks , and Dauphin counties .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/22/2009 @ 3:00 pm PT ...
Maybe they could buddy up with an EI activist and a Winter Soldier .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Shannon Williford said on 3/23/2009 @ 7:23 am PT ...
Floridiot , # 42 , Mike Gibbons is dead ?
When did that happen ?
hmmmm .... shw
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Kort Guernsey said on 3/23/2009 @ 12:08 pm PT ...
Reply from my uncle in Lexington , KY . to this article ....
The article did n't mention the most frequent vote buying technique used in Eastern Kentucky .
They have people get absentee ballots and the vote buyer either fills out the ballots or helps the voters fill them out before sending them in .
Then the voters get paid
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/24/2009 @ 4:09 pm PT ...
OT
WAKE UP AMERICA THIS IS THE SHIT ! : http://www.democracynow....gan_on_infinite_debt_how
http://www.democracynow....s_after_exxon_valdez_oil
The best revenge is Democracy !
I ’ll have yinz know me daughter was born in AK during the ex Valdez .
I ’d been fishing and working there for a while .
Get this , a friend of mine came up with idea for the boom to surround the oil .
Somebody took the idea and patented it .
He got nothing and the creep who did that made bunches of money .
He was a Kodiak fisherman , trying to help save his livelihood .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Plaid Sportcoat said on 3/25/2009 @ 12:17 pm PT ...
" .... with the aid of one of the defendants who served as a poll worker during the Early Voting period "
They get more bang for the buck when they use a guy who works through the entire early voting period , rather than just one day at the polls .
Because he might be changing small amounts of votes EACH DAY , it makes it harder to spot a statistical trend than if it 's all done on one day .
This will have to be looked into now that early voting is the wave of the future .
Many , many more opportunities for VOTE FRAUD by the slicksters .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Plaid Sportcoat said on 3/25/2009 @ 12:24 pm PT ...
" Brad , I so appreciate your coverage of this story , and the context you provide --- insider fraud is real .
We are finally breaking through the great taboo --- it used to be considered rude and " inappropriate " for us to even suggest that an elections official could be corrupt . "
Also , we need to keep on the Obamacrats to ensure they continue to pursue evoteing .
I mean , not take it for granted .
We should all pressure the hell out of Al Franken to take it up as a cause .
It looks like Justice Dept may be starting to target unjust acts , hopefully .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Carol said on 3/25/2009 @ 4:09 pm PT ...
OMG , this is huge news !
What news outlets have you approached to report on this ?
Have you talked to Olbermann ?
Has Hartmann reported it ?
Let 's go and spread this !
This is the proof we have been waiting for !
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Adele Eisner said on 3/26/2009 @ 11:36 pm PT ...
Larry Bergan said on 3/22/2009 @ 12:53 am PT ...
I think one of the reasons Obama won this time is because of the little people who
finally got sentences in Ohio .
This is a great
victory , because now , more then ever , it will be obvious that things have changed .
Hate to break it to you , but after much seemingly highly " connected " legal machinations , for which taxpayers were still paying - just like for the election and for the 2004 " recount - show from whence the convictions emanated , " the two women found guilty of a felony and misdemeanor were put on 6 months of a special probation in Cuyahoga County called " diversion " for first - time offenders , no jail time needed .
" Their sentences " were thus dealt away , their records were expunged , and all trial evidence was eventually sealed last September .
Everyone , including the mid-level managers ' bosses , Vu and Bennett , just walked away .
And their " defense " attorney now even characterizes them as " innocent " !
He in many ways seems to want to pretend the whole thing never happened - except when it comes to getting his " defense " fees ... from Cuyahoga taxpayers !
Further , in May - June , ' 08 , when I called around to find out when / if the women 's previously scheduled , " end-of - diversion " probation hearing was to be , all with not much warm reception , I found out finally , from a woman who identified herself as the head of the diversion probation program , that she had never even seen the two women .... once ... A - hem ..... Seems like no peeing in a cup was even necessary either .....
Then right before last Christmas , on 12/22/08 , their " defense " attorney , Synenberg , even had the chutzpah to show up at the CCBOE , representing one of the two woman , Kathy Dreamer , to 1 ) ask the board to recommend to Commissioners ( the county funds controllers ) that the taxpayers / voters / victims ( ! ) pay his legal " defense " fees for her ( $ 140K ) ; and 2 ) that the Dreamer get her job back at the CCBOE .... in the ballot department !
See film of that unabashed , unconscionable chutzpah - in 4 parts here :
http://video.google.com/...cid=-3503167382440228330
http://video.google.com/...cid=-8148412972493754624
http://video.google.com/...cid=-6440397286403782265
http://video.google.com/...cid=-4485730550281465445
The whole , winding story is very long , and to me thoroughly ugly - more shocking than we want to know about .
Bottom line , the CCBOE essentially declined to make the recommendation to have the County Commissioners pay the " defense " fees from taxpayer coffers ( though as you can hear on the video Synenberg was rattling to sue the County if they did n't bend over easily (- even more usurption of taxpayer dollars ! )
( Synenberg - the " defense " lawyer , who seemed to make sure that the " defense " did not include asking or showing who ordered these 2 mid-level managers to unseal , pre-select , and precount the 3 % sample recount ballots to make sure everything matched up neatly with what recount witnesses were shown , so not another ballot had to be exposed - is also a former CCBOE " R " board member .
Synenberg , in fact sat for a while alongside Bob Bennett , on the board , the latter being the R Chair of the CCBOE board when the debacle 2004 election and big recount - show occurred . )
If Synenberg will be able to cut a deal with the Commissioners , or if he 'll end up suing for us to pay Dreamer 's defense fees is yet to be seen .... ( yes ... from 2004 , " yet to be seen " in 2009 . )
On the matter of giving the jury - convicted Dreamer back a job at the CCBOE ( !! ) , made worse in this time of very few jobs to be had anywhere ... and made even bizarrely worse because when she voted in last March 's primary she " crossed - over " to vote as a D ( though I do n't know her motivation , it 's like what was suggested by Limbaugh - types for that election . )
Besides the morale and " confidence " shatter of such an employment return , if she were to come back , she by OH law would need to be a " D " bringing the constant question when serving to provide 2 party balance in board duties - is she really an " an R in D clothing . "
( Sounds like the name of a soap opera , and almost looks like one too . )
On this " re-employment " question , the board vote broke along party lines - the two R's for , the 2 D's against .
Per OH law that Feb.2,'09 board tie went to the SoS for the deciding vote .
According to what I 've been told , as of today , 3/26/09 , SoS Brunner ( who is now also running for OH Senate ) has not broken that tie yet .
Hmmmm ...
From my perspective on the world , from Cuyahoga County , before we start getting too comfortable thinking much good change has happened , I think that may just signal the time to dig down into facts even further , where things get slimier , uglier and a bit more uncomfortable than what we ever wanted to believe about " reality . "
I think there is still much , and the most essential work to be done in this election arena .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 3/27/2009 @ 2:40 am PT ...
Adele Eisner :
Thanks for the information .
That is certainly disturbing .
I 'm going to have to reign in my optimism , again !
How could they be so brazen as to try and give this woman her job back .
Like I said though , she is one of the little people .
I 'm more angry that Michael VU got to move on to California as if nothing happened .
He used to work here in Utah before messing things up in Ohio .
What a small world it is .
We have a senator named Bob Bennett who happens to be working on making " voter fraud " an issue .
They just do n't stop , do they ?
Here is a silly comment he made that I had to report on , since the newspapers wo n't .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Adele Eisner said on 3/27/2009 @ 1:27 pm PT ...
Yes what a small world !
Could it be that projecting their " problems " ( and diverting the public 's attention and disdain ) onto voters comes along with the DNA of those named Bob Bennett ?
I here refer you to a link to yet another film demonstrating one form of the oft made same " Bob Bennett " " projection " here - that all the voters are the liars ( ... while to be assumed , of course , that all election officials are perfect and trustworthy and to be( greatly ) honored and believed .... )
" Our " Bob Bennett , the head of OH R party , former Chair of the CCBOE board , stated and immediately inferred that same sentiment very often ( he too often referred to the issue of " voter fraud " ) - in fact he diverted to that tact almost every time someone tried to point out another systemic cluster f___ or political " problem " at the CCBOE .
This film - though it 's around 30 minutes , represents only a small part of of the 6 + hour meeting the CCBOE board held that election day , 11/7/06 ; the same kind of meeting / use of board staff time they did every election day , mainly it seems , for the edification of the press , as Vu and Bennett and all their dutiful troops , dutifully reported how perfect the election was going , how any problems were being caused by voters and activists , or even such things as groups getting a referendum issue on the ballot - making the ballot " too long " , thus causing the " too long " lines ( as Diebold machines were still crashing ad jamming all round ) & putting a wrench in their smooth election show ....)
The film is worth a watch .
It depicts one small part of the entire 11/06 " smooth election " meeting show , which was extremely important to Vu's image / job , since the previous May , '06 primary in Cuyahoga with the then - brand new whiz - bang Diebold DRE's and scanners was such a debacle .... a confluence of Vu's huge incompetence , the board 's constant covering up of all problems instead of solving them , and of course , Diebold , their crashing , vote hopping , printer jamming , @! % ^#^ DRE's and scanners improperly progammed and not tested , so they could not count the tens of thousands of absentee ballots .
( That too is a too long a story for here . )
So at this November ' 06 meeting , it began with ( false ) reports of how few polls opened late , how the ballots was " too long " causing the lines , etc .
Then people started showing up reporting huge problems at the polls ( again ! ) at which , each time , Bennett tried to make it sound as if it were just another isolated " accident " to their " pretty good election " - though another " cluster f___ " was clearly evident to everyone watching .
Here , you 'll see " our " Bob Bennett ( white hair up at the board table , leading the discussion ; ) the late Congresswoman Stephanie Tubbs Jones , amazed at what she was witnessing again , not letting them get away with it ; and of course , Larry , you can revisit seeing Michael Vu again , before he " resigned " the following Feb. to get to his Utah / San Diego " mentor " for his $ 130 k / year there .
Poor San Diego ....
I titled the film from a quote from the film , " Now Mr. Bennett Are You Ready to Eat Your Words ? " made in direct response to Bennett 's assertion that the problem set before him then was not really a problem , inferring it was just another voter lie and / or possibly one isolated " accident . "
When proved wrong , and as even in the " proving " the board revealed far bigger , major systemic problems going on , ( if it were n't so sad , it would be funny ) which Bennett essentially would not admit , that 's what the election protection lawyer said in return .
Could it be in the Bob Bennett DNA ?
Even down to the time - consuming story - telling about one little incident that he would use to try to infer that all voters are bad , and must be suffered through and brought to task , as found on your blog , Larry , from " your " Utah Bob Bennett .
Here is the link to the film from 11/7/06 CCBOE 6 + hour , election day meeting , slated to be about the CCBOE 's , ( according them ) " pretty good elections , " featuring our Bob Bennett .
http://video.google.com/...ocid=-198605289138511060
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 3/29/2009 @ 1:42 pm PT ...
Adele Eisner : Sorry , but I missed a couple of days on the internet because I plugged my mp3 player in at the wrong time and did something to my operating system .
Are those your videos ?
I made a few videos myself and though the people being videoed do n't seem too concerned , you just know they 'd like to kill you , but I think it 's important to make them feel as uncomfortable as possible while talking complete nonsense .
I once heard Michael Moore say that he hates his job and I can really identify with that .
It makes me hugely uncomfortable to point any camera at somebody , but what else can we do ?
If they 're your videos , good for you !
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Adele Eisner said on 3/30/2009 @ 2:58 pm PT ...
Yes , they are my videos .
I have 4 years of them - many board meetings , and through weeks of official counting of 3 primaries and 4 general elections , and more recently of ( what are called ) " audits . "
I have mostly filmed public proceedings , and activities where an " Observer " is " allowed " " in " - and have consequently faced situations where I 've been placed behind poles or high stacks of boxes allowing no " seeing " of what I was allowed to " watch " ; attempts to confiscate the camera ; and even threats to me , a grandmother , personally as in " I 'm gonna get you " or " You 're gonna find a ' little surprise " if you keep it up (- the latter of which I got on film .... ) by a more sensitive " election official " who wants no one watching or documenting him as he does what he does ... on his $ 100 + K publicly paid salary in public service ....
I 've posted many , but a only small percentage at http://citizensboe.blogspot.com/until
I stopped blogging mid last year - mostly because rather than inspiring others to also come forward , my intent , it appeared that all my time , expense , energy and the guff I was taking by being there and posting about it , was being used to either attack me , or to want me to provide more (! ) mostly by other activists , some of who seem to be standing more for their own glory , funding , following , etc. than truly as interdependent , inter - supportive peers , to be able to jointly cause the many positive changes needed get to fair elections that are assuredly representative of the voters will .
I will start blogging again soon , possibly with a different tact .
The current administration of Cuyahoga BOE , however , is actually pretty tolerant of the camera / understands these are public proceedings , and expects to see me with it .
I have been , however , also careful not to point it in anyone 's face without their permission ; I 'm open about when I 'm filming or not ; and have not taken it / pointed it where not allowed ( as in an obvious one , a voter voting ) - which has been very few places .
Many of the Cuyahoga working staff has actually shown appreciation that their immensely long , tiring detailed work is being filmed so others can understand .
To finish this missive about videoing -
1 . I think it 's extremely important - one never knows how important , sometimes until later - as " institutional memory " in this elections arena seems almost planned for quick of memory loss , as even activist attention gets dragged around in superficial circles , away from the essential problems / solutions .
2 . The Ohio legislature is again in the process of discussing quick passage of an election Observer law that prohibits videoing and audio recording .
and
3.It was Kathleen Wynne's , ( formerly of BBV , ) video of the 2004 Cuyahoga recount , that actually got the '04 CCBOE Recount matter to a trial / not just blown off - even if the " non-public grand jury " did indict " the little people " to be kept quiet , not the " big people " who were really responsible .
( I was " just a " witness to that shocking election and recount , at the start of my way to EI activism . )
In proof of the above , ( and how important it is to document the public processes that so few are able to see , ) I close with yet another video clip .
This one is at the end of a ( recount ) trial day in January ' 07 , after " the defense rested " - when Michael Vu and the deputy director ( the tall blond ) showed up - as if they were going to testify , but since they never were called to the stand , seemingly there was really no “ defense ” plan for them to testify ( under oath and cross examination ) about the situation to save the women .
This clip is almost 11 minutes long .
If you want to start at about minute 8:30 you 'll see what I mean .
Statements from the defense attorney like " Put away that camera ....
That 's how we got into this trouble ... "
http://video.google.com/...cid=-6343336287936211023
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 3/30/2009 @ 8:03 pm PT ...
It 's obvious that there were other large cameras there that I assume were deployed by the media .
I assume that nothing of importance was revealed to the public at large from their television records .
I am ashamed to admit that I live in Utah , and have not done more to expose the obvious folly of our election system here .
As somebody who could not possible know anything about you , other then what you have told me here ; I commend you deeply for your tenacity and courage .
It always seems to be women who go out on a limb to inform the pubic .
Maybe it 's the motherly instinct .
I can at least claim that I , sometimes , have that kind of intuition about what 's going on around me !
You have my utmost respect for what can be called an attempt at giving the people of your state an UNPAID equivalent to C - Span or what I hope C - Span 's original intent was ; to just put what is going on in the people 's name in the record .
Thank you !
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... barbie9 said on 4/5/2009 @ 7:36 am PT ...
I think the people in Putnam County , Ottawa , Ohio have experienced courrption on their Board of Elections just like Kentucky .
What can we do to get this investagated ?
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... barbie9 said on 4/7/2009 @ 5:27 am PT ...
Residents of an English housing estate have installed pink lights that show up teenagers ' pimples in a bid to stop them gathering in the area and causing trouble .
Members of the Layton Burroughs Residents ' Association in Mansfield say they have bought the lights in a bid to curb anti-social behaviour , the BBC reports .
The lights , installed in three underpasses on the estate , are said to have a calming influence , but they also highlight skin blemishes .
Association chairman Tony Gelsthorpe said the lights were important for residents .
" We 've had problems with underage drinking , drug dealing , anti-social behaviour and general intimidation .
" I was a little bit dubious about the pink lights at first but it 's done the trick .
We 've got to think of our residents and we 've got to live here at the end of the day . "
National Youth Agency development officer Peta Halls said anything that aimed to embarrass people out of an area was not on .
" The pink lights are indiscriminate in that they will impact on all young people and older people who do not , perhaps , have perfect skin . "
In the new film " Knowing , " which opens Friday , Nicolas Cage plays a professor who is given a piece of paper containing a mysterious number code taken from a time capsule at his son's school .
He decodes the message and realizes that the numbers accurately predicted past disasters — as well as an imminent apocalypse .
Though the plot is fictional , this scenario has occurred many times in the real world .
In 1997 Michael Drosnin published a best - selling book titled " The Bible Code , " in which he claimed that the Bible contained a code ( hidden in numbers and letters ) accurately predicting past world events .
Drosnin's work was later refuted , with critics demonstrating that the " meanings " he found were simply the result of selectively choosing data sets from a vast sea of random letters .
Similar " hidden codes " were found in other books such as " Moby Dick " and " War and Peace , " demonstrating that any sizeable text can produce such codes if you look long enough .
In psychology , the tendency for the human mind to find coincidences , patterns , and connections in random data is called apophenia .
In statistics , there is even a name for this type of thinking mistake : a Type I error .
A common example of a Type I error is a false positive result on a medical test , for instance detecting pregnancy or disease .
Physicians often recommend further medical tests to prevent just this type of mistake .
Because the first test might have mistaken a random coincidence for a meaningful result , a second or third test is needed confirm the diagnosis .
The premise behind " Knowing " has several roots , including numerology — seeing significance in numbers .
Sometimes the significance is said to be lucky ( 7 ) , unlucky ( 13 ) , or just somehow evil ( 666 ) .
After the September 11 , 2001 attacks , many people found meaningful coincidence or significance in the number 11 , such as that the Twin Towers resembled the number 11 , that " New York City " has 11 letters , and that doomed Flight 77 had 65 people on board ; if you add 6 and 5 you get 11 ( of course if you subtract , divide , or multiply those numbers , you do n't get 11 ) .
With a little effort and creativity you can find or create whatever significance you like .
" Knowing " also touches on the work of psychiatrist Carl Jung , who proposed a phenomenon he called synchronicity .
The idea is that there are hidden connections between the human mind and the outside world , and that two or more events that happen at the same time must be connected in some way .
Jung 's concept of synchronicity has enjoyed wide popularity , spawning common sayings like " There are no coincidences " and " Everything happens for a reason . "
There is one small problem with this idea : there 's no evidence that it is true .
Synchronicity is an interesting concept , but it is not scientifically testable , and therefore lacks proof of its validity .
" Knowing " is only the most recent dose of entertainment capitalizing on themes involving mysterious codes and numbers , including " The Number 23 " with Jim Carrey , " The Da Vinci Code , " and the TV series " Lost . "
Mysticism and magical thinking can be dangerous in the real world , but are often interesting in the fictional world .
Benjamin Radford has a degree in psychology and is managing editor of Skeptical Inquirer science magazine .
His books , films , and other projects can be found on his website .
Through careful study of terrorist incidents and investigations and study of the histories of the terrorist groups , U.S. law enforcement officers , security officials , and intelligence analysts have developed an understanding of the tactics , techniques and procedures used by terrorists preparing for and conducting attacks .
Professionals can usually distinguish between a truly suspicious incident and benign behavior .
However , there is a third category of non-violent activities that is more difficult to identify , which we will refer to as " acts of staged controversy . "
There are some cases where witnesses describe actors ' behavior as " odd " yet very overt — behavior apparently designed to attract attention .
Viewed under differing prisms , the behavior could be classified as either benign or as some type of terrorist activity .
Decision makers and practitioners should consider the possibility that certain incidents are staged or that they are escalated by manipulation of the media and the legal system to create controversy and to provoke a response to serve strategic purposes .
It is very difficult to prove ulterior intentions behind what we are referring to as " acts of staged controversy . "
Perhaps these acts are deliberately provocative .
Or , it is possible these are innocent events that may be seized upon by advocacy groups for political gain .
We present this hypothesis to provide an alternative way of analyzing these types of incidents .
Strategic Motivations of Islamist Groups
Islamist groups , such as the Muslim Brotherhood , do not necessarily intend to engage in violence ( though some branches of the Muslim Brotherhood are very violent ) .
Nevertheless , they share the same long - term goal as violent jihadist groups : to establish an Islamic society .
Part of their strategy is to weaken and dismantle democratic regimes .
[ 1 ]
They endeavor to " Islamize " society using a bottom up approach [ 2 ] so that eventually their doctrines are accepted as the norm rather than considered extreme or marginal .
This article offers two cases , both involving the Council on American - Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) , which describes itself as a Muslim advocacy organization .
These cases are meant to be illustrative of how acts of staged controversy may be implemented by groups with an Islamist agenda .
Many of CAIR 's founding members were members of the Muslim Brotherhood [ 3 ] and of a support network created by the Brotherhood to benefit Hamas .
Some experts believe that CAIR continues to be deeply involved with the Muslim Brotherhood and Hamas and supports their objectives . [ 4 ] , [5 ]
The Muslim Brotherhood is not considered a monolithic organization , and its various branches may disagree on specific tactics , but all are consistent in their commitment to its core ideological principles , including the adoption of their political version of Islam as a governing standard for all Muslims around the world . [ 6 ]
In 1991 , the Muslim Brotherhood issued a memorandum outlining its strategic goal in North America . [ 7 ]
It reads , in part :
" The [ Muslim Brotherhood ] must understand that their work in America is a kind of grand jihad in eliminating and destroying the Western civilization from within and " sabotaging " its miserable house by their hands and the hands of the believers so that it is eliminated and Allah 's religion is made victorious over all other religions . "
Minnesota Imams
On November 20 , 2006 , six imams boarded a US Airways jet that was about to depart from Minneapolis - Saint Paul International Airport for Phoenix , Arizona .
They had attended a three - day conference of the North American Imams Federation .
Three only had one - way tickets and no checked luggage . [ 8 ]
Various witnesses reported observing the group praying in an unusually loud way in the waiting area prior to boarding .
[ 9 ]
One of the witnesses , a clergyman who was familiar with Islamic practices , described their behavior at the gate as " atypical . " [ 10 ]
This same witness was later seated next to one of the imams on the plane and intentionally engaged him in conversation .
The imam initially expressed to the witness that he was in the United States to do work related to his Ph.D. Later in the discussion , he admitted he was not doing academic work but instead intended to " represent Muslims in the United States " by generating support for Shari 'a law . [ 11 ]
Upon boarding the plane , the imams dispersed .
Two sat in the front of the plane , two in the middle , and two in the rear . [ 12 ]
The flight crew and passengers observed them changing seats , and several of the men requested seat - belt extenders . [ 13 ]
Crew members thought the request was odd , as none of the imams appeared overweight . [ 14 ]
Although the extenders were provided , they were never used and were left on floor of the plane . [ 15 ]
One passenger stated that she believed that the imams deliberately acted out as a part of an attempt to intimidate airline employees . [ 16 ]
Another passenger said , " I can't explain it , but it was like they were definitely trying to raise suspicion . " [ 17 ]
The flight was delayed and the imams were removed from the plane by the airport police , questioned , and released after their plane had already departed .
CAIR filed a complaint with the Department of Transportation , and a separate civil suit in federal court on behalf of the imams against US Airways and the Metropolitan Airports Commission , citing civil rights violations .
CAIR also sued the " John Does " who alerted the aircrew and authorities after becoming alarmed by the imam's behavior in the terminal and on the plane . [ 18 ]
While the " John Doe " provision of a bill ( designed to protect citizens who report possible terrorist - related behavior from being sued , and to protect officers acting in an official capacity to prevent terrorist attacks ) was moving through Congress , CAIR persisted with its lawsuit , claiming the right to discover whether the complaints were actually made " in good faith " or if they were racially motivated . [ 19 ]
President George W. Bush signed the " John Doe " provision [ 20 ] into law on August 3 , 2007 and CAIR dropped its claims against the " Does . " [ 21 ]
There may be a residual " chilling effect , " however , that would prevent concerned citizens from reporting suspicious incidents for fear of getting sued . [ 22 ]
Causing reluctance to report suspicious incidents in which Muslims are involved may be an aspect of Islamist strategy to reduce resistance to the Islamization of society .
In January 2009 , the U.S. Department of Transportation ruled that US Airways did not discriminate against the imams and that the airline 's actions were reasonable .
The civil suit is scheduled to go to trial in August , 2009 . [ 23 ]
Giants Stadium
During a football game September 19 , 2005 at Giants Stadium , five Muslim men were questioned by FBI agents after they prayed near the stadium 's main air intake duct located in a sensitive area . [ 24 ] Former President George H.W. Bush attended the game and security was high .
After approximately 20 minutes of questioning , FBI agents determined that the group did not pose a threat and allowed them to return to the game .
This group may have acted completely innocently .
The issue , however , was not dropped by the men , and a few weeks later , on November 2 , 2005 , the group joined forces with the New Jersey - based American Muslim Union and the New York City chapter of CAIR for a joint press conference concerning the incident .
At the conference , the men complained that they had been humiliated at Giants Stadium , and that their " main aim [ in publicizing the episode ] was to bring to light and educate people about what it is we 're supposed to do . " [ 25 ]
They also took the opportunity to promote a campaign called " Pray for Understanding , " [ 26 ] which the executive director of the New York office of CAIR described as a way to teach people about Islam .
The tie -in to the " Pray for Understanding " campaign at the press conference suggests the possibility that the incident at Giants Stadium may have been staged to create a platform to promote an ulterior public relations agenda .
What Islamists Might Gain from " Acts of Staged Controversy "
The Minnesota Imams and Giants Stadium incidents are just two examples where unusual but overt behavior has been investigated , dropped ( because there was no clear indication of wrongdoing ) , and subsequently taken up and intensified by CAIR or by other Muslim groups .
Due to the involvement of Islamist advocacy groups , news stories are generated and controversy stirred .
If the objective of Islamist groups , such as the Muslim Brotherhood , is to establish Islam as the dominant global societal doctrine , then how would creating acts of controversy - or seizing on opportunities to create controversy - further their strategy to achieve their objective ?
If they intend to achieve their objective through non-violent means then it is logical to conclude that they would want Muslims to embrace their perspective and to eschew democratic principles ..
For example , acts of staged controversy could be used to :
Cause Muslims to feel disaffection for the democratic system by promoting feelings of betrayal and abandonment .
Convince Muslim Americans that they are not accepted as Americans .
Acts of staged controversy provoke a response from authorities that can foment an " us vs. them " rift between Muslims and non-Muslims .
Incite political divides that may ultimately cause political instability .
Influence legislators to call for laws to outlaw profiling and / or repeal existing laws such as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act and the Patriot Act .
Draw attention from foreign media in an attempt to show that the U.S. rhetoric about acceptance is hollow .
Acts of staged controversy could also be exploited by groups who seek to use violence .
For example , acts of staged controversy could be used to :
Desensitize security personnel by making activity that common sense would deem suspicious instead seem routine and not worth any special effort .
Intimidate security personnel and citizens by threatening lawsuits ; making them reluctant to report suspicious behavior .
Handling Acts of Staged Controversy
Unfortunately , hatred , bigotry , and mistrust exist in the United States , and it is the role of civil rights groups to respond appropriately when acts of hatred do occur .
It is the duty of responsible officials to monitor political , religious , and social tensions so that violent acts motivated by hatred can be prevented .
The long view for homeland security , however , cannot be compromised by hasty responses to ambiguous situations .
It is possible that some Islamist groups may exaggerate the occurrence of anti-Islamic discrimination in order to validate the premise that " Islamophobia " is rampant .
According to FBI statistics , out of a total 7,624 hate crimes reported in the United States in 2007 , 115 were motivated by anti-Islamic bias . [ 27 ]
By contrast , 2,658 were motivated by bias against blacks , 749 were anti-white , 1,265 targeted people based on sexual orientation and 969 of the hate crimes reported were motivated by bias against Jews . [ 28 ]
Law enforcement and security personnel , airline and airport managers , legislators , politicians , media , and private citizens all have roles to play to prevent the spread of extremist ideology , which could lead to radicalization and , ultimately , a possible terrorist event .
Response at the Federal , Law Enforcement and Media Levels
Politicians must acknowledge Islamist ideology is being promoted in the United States , recognize who is promoting it , and understand the subtle tactics used by the Islamist groups before they can introduce effective counter - measures against terrorism .
Politicians must realize that Islamist groups are competing for hearts and minds in the United States , so commitment to democratic values cannot be taken for granted .
How does law enforcement play a role in acts of staged controversy if there is no apparent crime committed ?
It is unlawful to conspire and to deliberately disrupt or interfere with the legitimate activities of law enforcement and security personnel .
Engaging in deliberately suspicious behavior in order to distract security and law enforcement authorities is a tactic that has been discussed on Islamist message boards . [ 29 ]
Of course , in ambiguous situations it is hard to prove the actual intent of the actors .
Difficult though it may be , investigations should be conducted and cooperating witnesses sought and developed .
The stakes are high , especially when the results of these incidents are considered in the aggregate and not individually .
Associations with terrorists or terrorist groups are not evidence of a crime , but are valuable data points in evaluating the true nature of an incident .
If there are nefarious or questionable associations or prior activities that could shed light on possible motivations for ambiguous acts , they should be made known as much as possible .
For example , one of the six imams involved in the Minnesota airport case , Omar Shahin , raised money for the Holy Land Foundation and for the Illinois - based KindHearts Foundation , which the government shut down last year for alleged support of Hamas . " [ 30 ]
Additionally , the media should be aware of the possibility that it is being used to further an Islamist agenda .
Media cooperation and extensive coverage is a key element of successful acts of staged controversy .
Historically , global political Islamist groups have skillfully manipulated the media as part of their effort to circulate their message . [ 31 ]
Statements made by spokespeople representing Islamist groups are often taken at face value by the media , and past involvements and associations often go unmentioned .
Just as it is for law enforcement , it is important for the media to consider incidents in the aggregate .
Conclusion
It could be that individuals or groups unintentionally behave in a way that is deemed suspicious , and that official response may cause embarrassment .
It also is true that innocent events create opportunities for groups like CAIR to influence the public 's view of Islam , both politically and ideologically .
Acts of staged controversy or public relations campaigns manipulating otherwise innocent events may be an aspect of Islamist group strategy to Islamize society .
Authorities dealing with such incidents should assess the behavior as an aggregate .
Their responses should address the root of the problem , rather than potentially allowing such incidents to compel a response that supports the Islamist agenda .
Madeleine Gruen is a Senior Analyst for the NEFA Foundation .
She is also a Senior Intelligence Analyst for Mike Stapleton Associates and is a contributor to the Counterterrorism Blog .
Previously , she was an intelligence analyst for the New York Police Department 's Counterterrorism Division .
Edward Sloan is a detective in the New York Police Department with 35 years of service .
He is a Navy Reserve Officer and since 2001 has deployed several times to Afghanistan and the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
His views are not necessarily those of the NYPD or the Navy .
[ 1 ] Stephen Coughlin , Analysis of Muslim Brotherhood 's General Strategic Goals for North America , Statement entered as evidence in U.S. v. Holy Land Foundation , September 7 , 2007 .
[ 2 ] Zeyno Baran , The Muslim Brotherhood 's U.S. Network , Current Trends in Islamist Ideology , Vol. 6 , Hudson Institute , 2008 .
[ 3 ] Douglas Farah , Ron Sandee , and Josh Lefkowitz , The Muslim Brotherhood in the United States : A Brief History , NEFA Foundation , October 26 , 2007 , http://www1.nefafoundation.org/miscellaneous/nefaikhwan1007.pdf
( last accessed February 26 , 2009 )
[ 4 ]
See : " Government 's Memorandum in Opposition to Council on American - Islamic Relations ' Motion for Leave to File Amicus Curiae Instanter and Amicus Brief in Support of the Unindicted Co-Conspirators ' First and Fifth Amendment Rights , " USA v. Holy Land Foundation , 3:04cr240 ( TXND September 4 , 2007 ) in which prosecutors say " CAIR has been identified by the Government at trial as a participant in an ongoing and ultimately unlawful conspiracy to support a designated terrorist organization , a conspiracy from which CAIR never withdrew . "
[ 5 ] " Beware of CAIR " letter from U.S. Reps .
Sue Myrick , Pete Hoekstra , John Shadegg , Paul Broun and Trent Franks to other House members .
January 30 , 2009 .
It says " There are indications that this group has connections to HAMAS . " And , letter from U.S. Rep. Frank Wolf to Michael Heimback , FBI Assistant Director , Counter Terrorism Division , February 2 , 2009 .
Wolf asks about news reports that the FBI has cut off communication with CAIR " amid mounting evidence that it has links to a support network for Hamas . "
[ 6 ]
See The Muslim Brotherhood 's English - language web site , http://ikhwanweb.com/index.asp.
[ 7 ]
The Muslim Brotherhood 's document outlining their strategy in North America and analysis of the document can be found on the NEFA Foundation web site : http://www.nefafoundation.org/hlfdocs.html.
See Exhibit GX 4 - 21 ( last accessed February 26 , 2009 ) .
[ 8 ] Minnesota Airport Police Incident Report , OCA # 06004536 , November 20 , 2006 .
[ 9 ] Katherine Kersten , Ordering Imams Off Flight Was Reasonable Act , Minneapolis - St. Paul Star - Tribune , December 7 , 2006 .
[ 10 ] Minnesota Airport Police Incident Report , OCA # 06004536 , November 20 , 2006 .
[ 11 ] Ibid .
[ 12 ] Ibid .
[ 13 ] Ibid .
[ 14 ] Ibid .
[ 15 ] Ibid .
[ 16 ] Ibid .
[ 17 ] Ibid
[ 18 ] Steven Huntley , Travelers Need Shield From Lawsuit , Chicago Sun-Times , July 29 , 2007 .
[ 19 ] Ibrahim Hooper , National Communications Director for CAIR , appearance on " Tucker , " MSNBC , July 29 , 2007 .
[ 20 ]
The Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 ( H.R.1 )
[ 21 ] Audrey Hudson , Imams Drop Lawsuit Against Doe Passengers , Washington Times , August 23 , 2007 .
[ 22 ]
See Congressman Peter King appearance on Fox News Channel , July 20 , 2007 , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYbev9SDMtc ( last accessed February 24 , 2009 ) .
[ 23 ] David Hanners , Feds Refute Imams ' Bias Case Against US Airways , Twin Cities Pioneer Press , February 18 , 2009 .
[ 24 ] A Place to Pray During Games , New York Times , November 23 , 2005 .
[ 25 ] Jeff Diamant and Russell Ben- Ali , Meadowlands to Add Worship Area , Newark Star Ledger , November 22 , 2005 .
[ 26 ] Ibid .
[ 27 ] Federal Bureau of Investigations , 2007 Hate Crime Statistics , http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/hc2007/incidents.htm
( last accessed on February 24 , 2009 ) .
[ 28 ] Ibid .
[ 29 ] U.S. Department of Homeland Security , HSIA 04-0042 , September 2 , 2004 .
[ 30 ] Ibid .
[ 31 ]
Madeleine Gruen interview with former high - ranking member of Hizb ut - Tahrir , December 8 , 2008 .
Also see Habib's Get Rich Quick Schemes , Manchester Evening News , December 18 , 2008 .
As we enter the final days of The Pirate Bay trial , today the prosecution has been giving the court its closing arguments .
Håkan Roswall , Peter Danowsky , Henrik Pontén and Monique Wadsted all appeared , with Roswall calling on the judge to jail all four of the defendants .
Today , members of the prosecution and representatives for the music and movie industries presented their closing statements to the court .
Prosecutor Håkan Roswall stepped up first , followed by Peter Danowsky of the IFPI , Henrik Pontén from Antipiratbyrån and Monique Wadsted for the movie companies .
Håkan Roswall
Roswall began his statement by saying that Swedish law covers the alleged offenses because The Pirate Bay ’s servers were located in Sweden at the time .
He also said that people accessing TPB from other countries were breaking the law in Sweden too .
As for TPB being classed as a ‘ service provider ’ to get ‘ common carrier ’ status , Roswall does n’t believe that it should and therefore there is no need to seek the opinion of the European Court of Justice on the matter .
The defense disagreed .
Roswall said he is not asking the court to rule on the legality of BitTorrent itself , but rather what the defendants did with the technology .
Turning to the TPB ’s tracker , Roswall said that it was a vital part of the infrastructure .
He said that the Supreme Court already previously ruled that someone running a BBS ( Bulletin Board ) could be found guilty of assisting copyright infringement and that TPB should be viewed in this light .
Turning to the defendants , Roswall said that Fredrik Neij and Gottfrid Svartholm already admitted their part in the running of TPB .
He said Fredrik ’s role was technical and he also registered the TPB domain name , while Gottfrid also handled technical issues including the programming of the tracker and some billing duties .
Roswall does n’t believe Peter Sunde ’s line that he is just the site ’s spokesman .
He said that Peter is deeply involved with the site , referring to claims Peter configured load balancers for the site and noted that advertiser Daniel Oded communicated with Fredrik and Gottfrid through Peter .
Roswall said that this was a sign Peter was co-ordinating some operations .
He also said that Peter helped to design and develop the site and had contact with some advertisers .
Roswall referred to Carl Lundström as the financier of the site and pointed to various emails where Lundström communicated with the others about the legality of the operation .
While the defense said this was a good thing – that the site wanted to remain within the law – the prosecution are using this to say that Lundström was behind everything .
Roswall also said that the claims that Fredrik worked for free in order to get services for TPB from Lundström was simply made up to help their case .
Next the site ’s finances were discussed by Roswall .
Damages are easy to calculate he said , by simply referring to the site ’s own download statistics .
In an attempt to quantify how much money TPB made , he used his own best guesses based on how much he thought the ads on the site cost multiplied by an estimated number of impressions .
He came to the conclusion that TPB turned over some 11.6 million kroner .
After a few more calculations , Roswall declared the site made at least 5 million kroner , and probably more like 10 million , to which Gottfrid responded , “ Where is my ten million , please , I want it , where is it ? ”
Earlier in the case , the defense asked why the Prosecution did not try to track down the actual infringers / seeders of the works mentioned in the trial .
Roswall notes that this was impossible since their identities were protected under Swedish law .
However , now that IPRED has been passed , tracking people will be much easier in future .
Roswall called for a confiscation of TPB hardware , noting that the chances of the site infringing again are high .
He based this on the fact that TPB was up and running just 3 days after the original police raids .
He finished by demanding jail for all four defendants .
“ I believe that the correct punishment is a year in prison and that is what I ask from the judge in this case , ” he said .
Gottfrid Swartholm comments
During one of the cigarette breaks , defendant Gottfrid Swartholm did n’t seem to be impressed by the prosecutor ’s claim .
“ I ’m surprised that the crazy old man did n’t exaggerate more !
I ’d counted on him demanding two years in prison but it only was one ! ”
Peter Danowsky for the IFPI
Next up to make his closing statement was Peter Danowsky of the IFPI .
He began by saying that the trial is not about file - sharing technology , but about how it is used to infringe copyright .
The goal is to find out whether or not the defendants have broken the law , and if so , what their punishment should be .
Danowsky said he knew that there are other sites that engage in similar practices , but said that these are irrelevant to this case .
Comparing TPB to Google does n’t make any sense according to Danowsky , because Google is working with the rights holders to prevent piracy .
TPB on the other hand constantly mocks rights holders .
Danowsky further added that the number of [ torrent files linking to ] copyrighted works on TPB is much greater than the prosecutor decided to bring in as evidence .
Danowsky went on to state that TPB offers a service that is very similar to that offered by legal online music stores .
However , TPB does n’t charge for the music and keeps the advertizing revenue to themselves instead of compensating the rights holders .
Neij , Svartholm , Sunde and Lundström have contributed to copyright infringement according to Danowsky , and the record labels have to be compensated for the losses they have caused – in sales and in goodwill .
The testimony of media Professor Roger Wallis , who stated that the entertainment industry does n’t suffer any losses from piracy , is debatable Danowsky said .
Instead , he puts more trust in the record company executives he consulted in the past .
“ Wallis ’ 30 percent guest professorship at KTH provides about as much credibility as something on par with a newspaper editorial , ” said Danowsky .
He further said that physical piracy is exactly the same as illicit file - sharing according to the music industry lawyer , it is simply utilizing newer technology .
Danowsky went on to note that TPB was founded by the Pirate Bureau , an organization that has only one purpose : “ Not to respect copyright . ”
Next , Danowsky stressed that TPB is a commercial operation and he mentioned some previous court rulings related to file sharing , including the Finreactor case .
After that the court took a lunch break .
Henrik Pontén from Antipiratbyrån
After the lunch break Henrik Pontén makes his final plea , which is short compared to Danowsky .
Pontén claims that the defendants clearly knew that what they were doing was illegal , and that they could have expected prison sentences .
He further said that TPB clearly operates as a business , making money from advertising revenue .
The damages claim should cover the loss in revenue for the entertainment industry , as well as the damage in goodwill that the site has caused , Pontén noted .
He continued saying that imprisonment is needed in order to stop TPB from operating , and said that a conviction will deter others from infringing copyright .
The police can’t possibly go after all TPB ’s users and the defendants are therefore responsible for the whole damage claim , he argued , adding that they are free to claim money from their users .
“ It ’s easy to come in contact with the users by leaving a message in the comments field , ” Pontén said ending his closing statement .
Monique Wadsted for the movie companies
Finally Monique Wadsted took the stand for her closing comments .
She said that the defendants are not as innocent as they claim to be and said that what they do is even worse than individuals who share copyrighted material .
The made money off their file sharing platform while ignoring the copyright holders , she said .
Wadsted also mentioned other filesharing related cases in Scandinavia , and according to prosecutor Håkan Roswall these cases are relevant because the copyright laws in the different countries are very similar .
Neij , Sunde and Swartholm play different roles , Wadsted acknowledged , but they were all aware that there were [ links to ] copyrighted material hosted on the site .
Peter Sunde , who claims to be the spokesperson , nothing more , has intended to sell to statistics from The Pirate bay , and it is clear that he knew about the copyrighted material since he he proposed to introduce “ TV shows ” category , Wadsted added .
Wadsted called for a “ very significant ” prison sentence because the dependents were aware of their criminal acts and made money from it .
She also feared that they will simply continue to operate the site if they ’re not punished properly .
“ They have made more than 10 million crowns in revenue during one year [ during the period the charges relate to ] .
And they continue to run the operation in spite of being convicted in other countries .
Furthermore , they spit on the rights holders and tell them to go to hell , ” Wadsted said .
They should have a tangible prison sentence .
There is no reason to make any difference between them in the sentence .
They are all guilty of severe infringements , ” she added .
Wadsted ended by rationalizing the damages they request .
She said that the entertainment industry representatives are not “ bloodthirsty beasts ” but that the compensation they ask for is only fair .
The trial will continue tomorrow with the closing statements of the defense .
Developing story …
By Ben Cohen
An interesting pew chart on the percentage of the major religions that accept evolution as the best explanation of the origins of human life :
Via Andrew Sullivan :
Pledge “ willnotconvict ”
" I will , if asked to serve on a jury deliberating a violation of the law regarding the supply , intent to supply , import , export , production or possession of cannabis or ecstacy , while giving a fair hearing to both the crown and the defense , vote to acquit where I feel the law is unjust .
but only if 10 other potential UK jurors will do the same . "
— Alex McCabe , UK resident
Deadline to sign up by : 5th March 2010
15 people signed up ( 5 over target )
Country : United Kingdom
Posted Monday , February 09 , 2009 by Techskeptic
How low does the so - called “ alternative " medicine ” have to go before we finally put a stop to that nonsense .
This is perhaps not even low enough .
They are putting real drugs into the pills for them to work , but they still want to keep the “ natural ” label , which as you may know , is completely meaningless .
This act is , of course , completely illegal .
Why is this bad ?
Drug interactions .
People die from drug interactions every day .
So what is happening ?
“ I used to think weight - loss pills were just fancy placebos , ” said Dr. Pieter Cohen , a general internist at the Cambridge Health Alliance public hospital system in the Boston area .
Over the last few years , he said he had treated many patients who took tainted weight - loss pills and came in complaining of chest pains and heart palpitations .
After a spot check ( because regulation of “ natural ” supplements is completely different than that of drugs , and they are , by law , not allowed to regulate them the same way ) and what did they find ?
Laboratory tests revealed the presence of sibutramine , rimonabant , phenytoin , and phenolphthalein .
The part that cracks me up is that sibutramine is a prescription drug to treat … wait for it …obesity !
The other “ contaminants ” found are also strongly regulated drugs from anti-seizure medication to laxatives .
There are 69 products in which these drugs were found , go to the FDA website for a complete list .
Now to be fair , no where on the entire FDA site do I see a single mention of how much was detected .
We have developed some pretty sensitive equipment , we can detect many substances down to parts per billion or even parts per trillion depending on the substance .
If they found 1 PPB ( 0.00001 % ) of these chemicals in the pill , we really should n’t have to worry ( unless homeopathy works ! ) .
I really like how the FDA describes how to avoid these products :
Promises of an " easy " fix for problems like excess weight , hair loss , or impotency .
Claims such as " scientific breakthrough , " " miraculous cure , " " secret ingredient , " and " ancient remedy . "
Impressive - sounding terms , such as " hunger stimulation point " and " thermogenesis " for a weight loss product .
Claims that the product is safe because it is " natural . "
Undocumented case histories or personal testimonials by consumers or doctors claiming amazing results .
Promises of no-risk , money - back guarantees .
I ’ll do a post later on weight loss , but for the most part weight loss works in a very simple way .
As an analogy consider a bucket with a hole in it , the water level will rise if the water entering the bucket is faster than the water leaking out of the hole .
Water coming into the bucket represents your caloric intake , the water level represents your fatness , the water leaving the bucket represents your caloric expenditure .
Unless you have some hormonal issues ( no , you probably do n’t ) , or retain extra water ( no , you probably do n’t ) , most weight loss works with this model .
All weight loss programs provide mental mechanisms that deal with changing the rate of water coming into the bucket ( eating ) , or water leaving the bucket ( metabolism , usually through exercise ) or both .
Stop buying “ miracle ” pills , or hopping from one fad diet to another .
Find a mental mechanism by which to control your caloric intake and find a way to exercise .
Remember , it took you years to get as fat as you are , you probably do n't have to change your lifestyle that much to change the equation enough for it to take a couple of years to lose that weight .
Do n’t want it to take years ?
Eat less , exercise more .
Lots of programs can shed multiple tens of pounds in mere months , but those programs are harder to stay on for the long run .
There is no short cut .
Disclaimer : I ’m not a doctor .
I ’m a realist and do a lot of reading on various subjects constantly .
None of anything I write should be considered medical advice .
Go look up the data yourself .
Find controlled studies that show effectivity for any of those over the counter weight loss supplement .
You ’ll be looking a long time .
If you do find one , be critical .
For those of us who cherish the habit of a printed newspaper over coffee each morning , the gloomy harbingers are mounting : the Web - only reconfiguration or total collapse in the United States of hoary nameplates like The Seattle Post - Intelligencer and The Rocky Mountain News ; the $ 800 million bailout for French newspapers proposed by President Nicolas Sarkozy in February ; and layoffs and page consolidations at papers everywhere — including at my employer , The New York Times .
Says Paul Gillin , the operator of the Web site Newspaper Death Watch ( itself a potent sign of things ) :
In an electronically mediated world , where frictionless access to information is the norm , “ the high fixed cost of print publishing makes the major metro newspaper business model unsustainable . ”
Insiders and armchair analysts might quibble over the real root of the industry ’s woes , but a move last week by Marriott International , the global hotel and resort chain , suggested that , in an increasingly carbon - conscious world , newspapers have another sort of sustainability to worry about .
The hotelier announced that it would no longer deliver newspapers automatically to the doors of its guests — a ritual it has observed since first securing a deal with the Gannett newspaper chain , publisher of USA Today , 25 years ago .
Monica Bellucci was born in Città di Castello , Umbria , Italy , the daughter of Maria Gustinelli , a painter , and Luigi Bellucci , who owned a trucking company .
Bellucci started modelling at 16 , when she was attending the Liceo classico .
Initially pursuing a career as a lawyer , Bellucci modeled to pay her tuition at the University of Perugia , but the lifestyle tempted her away from her law studies .
She speaks Italian , French , and English fluently , Spanish semi-fluently , and she has had speaking roles in each of these languages as well as in Aramaic for her part as Mary Magdalene in The Passion of the Christ .
Hi , Josh .
I 'm the Manager of Software Engineering at Pocket Soft , makers of RTPatch .
I 'd like to address a misquote contained in your June 28th post and hopefully clear the air and explain Pocket Soft 's official position with respect to open source , patents and head - to - head comparison with XDelta .
I 'm happy for you to use all or part of my email within your site , if you feel it is appropriate .
First of all , the quote " xdelta likely infringes on our patents as well " is inaccurate ( nobody from Pocket Soft made that specific remark to anyone at anytime ) ; however , it does embody the essence of a statement made by one of our salesmen to a company in Australia that could have been * construed * to suggest a patent infringement claim .
This was a one - time incident , and was not representative of Pocket Soft 's corporate position .
In fact , our CEO spoke to the CEO of the Australian outfit who received this message and explained that it was the result of an overzealous salesman .
We have also addressed this issue internally with all staff .
In fact , Pocket Soft is a supporter of open source software , and understand that it serves a great purpose in our industry .
Further , having spent the last 15 + years on the specific problems associated with byte - level differencing , we have a great appreciation for the work that you have done on XDelta .
The purpose of patents for Pocket Soft 's use are in fact defensive and to serve as a sales " check list " for our Enterprise customers .
Consider the following [ article ] .
In particular , the section of " Legal Risk " comes into play frequently with the OEM and even shrink - wrap sales we make to Enterprise .
When you are selling to the Oracles of the world , we are almost always asked " what about indemnity ? " .
The existence of a patent on the core technology helps to alleviate fears of legal risk - regardless of your , or even our own , opinions on software patents themselves .
Regarding head - to - head comparison , we are well aware of specific places where we could improve speed or patch file size in RTPatch to gain a few points here and there ; however , the needs of our customers regarding reliability trump that .
Your reader wrote that they had a 4.5 year old version of RTPatch .
Some of our users cling to 12 year old versions fearing the possibility of destabilization with a new release .
Our Enterprise customers like to hear that we can claim with absolute sincerity that the current patch file format , Build engine , etc. , have been thoroughly tested and that the same algorithms are being used for the million + patches applied every single day by users of RTPatch ( McAfee and Trend Micro alone put out that many patches ) .
When the US Navy began using RTPatch for their digitized nautical charts used by ships at sea , they cared less about gaining a few more points on size reduction or even speed of Build .
They needed
reliability and robustness .
This is not to say that your product lacks these characteristics .
I am speaking only to the issues that we are faced with daily by our customers and potential customers .
We also have to deal with the extended feature - set of RTPatch , including support for Windows Installer , automatic patch delivery mechanisms , as well as a host of Windows - specific features and options ( self - registering files , registry support , etc. ) .
The core algorithm is , of course , important , but in our market , there is much more than just byte - level differencing at play .
Finally , on a personal note , I wanted to say that we 're not a big , bad corporation out to squash or bully innovators of open source software .
On the contrary , we appreciate the attention you draw to yourself , which in turns brings companies who are in our market , to the attention of RTPatch .
I understand that you work at Google now , so I 'm sure that you know that not * all * companies are evil . :)
I hope you took the time to read this far .
I certainly appreciate the opportunity to clear the air .
Feel free to call or email anytime , and I 'd be happy to chat .
Best of luck to you ,
Tony O -
Manager , Software Engineering
Pocket Soft , Inc .
713-460-5600
In the event [ Company ] discovers that Licensor is not the legal owner and title holder of any code sequence within Xdelta delivered under this Agreement , [ Company ] shall notify Licensor of such discovery in writing , including the specific software code sequence in question , and shall give Licensor One Hundred Eighty ( 180 ) days to replace same with a functionally equivalent code sequence that Licensor is the legal owner and title holder of , all prior to invoking any form of relief which may be permitted under this Agreement .
( contact me for a sample license )
hi , i'm using your AMAZING ( !) xdelta 1.1.3 and is fantastic ... i use it for make the patches for my translations and stuff like these ... i was wondering ... is it possible to implement a feature that expand the process to all the subdirectories ?
using a for like this for % % i in ( *.*) do xdelta delta " OLD \ % %i " " NEW \ % %i " " % %i.patch " it does n't recreate the dir tree and it does n't take the subdirectories ... what do you think about that ?
We are using xdelta3 to compress our backups down at my workplace and it is working excellently , however whichever machine it is run on is put out of commission for the duration due to the xdelta3 executable window popping up for each file .
Would it be possible to build the xdelta3 program as a DLL , much like zlib is ?
I have absolutely no knowledge of C/C+ + so I do n't know if this is a huge ask or not :)
I 'm happy about an e-mail from a manager at Pocket Soft , clarifying what was written in my previous post .
Obviously , Pocket Soft deserves recognition here because , commercially speaking , they 're the only basis for comparison sent by users .
I am posting the entire content here .
I 've received a steady stream of e-mail regarding Xdelta ever since version 0.13 was released ( Oct 12 1997 ) and this is one of the nicest ones ever .
Thanks .
Re : Patents and the Oracles of the world
The threat model is : I will sell a software license excluding you from the ( copyright - related ) terms of the GPL , giving you unlimited use for a flat fee , but it 's done without representations , warranties , liabilities , indemnities , etc .
The argument is , your company could be sued over intellectual property rights if any of the following technologies and programs should fall to a claim ( although they have never to my knowledge been in doubt ) : Zlib - 1.x , Xdelta - 1.x , and the draft - standard RFC 3284 ( VCDIFF ) .
I will say this :
But , patents are n't the real issue to me , in this post or the last , it 's about support and features .
This really is more than " just byte - level differencing at play " .
Re : SupportIn the unlikely event that you find an Xdelta crash or incorrect result , I 'm really interested in fixing it .
I keep track of issues .
I respond to e-mail , like this one about directory - diff support :
Here 's a user - submitted perl script for recursive directory diff .
( To which the sender replied , " I do n't know barely nothing about perl , " making two of us . )
If you have your own engineers , if Xdelta passes your tests , you probably do n't need support .
If you 're McAfee or the US Navy , you need support .
Here 's someone who needs support :
I 'd rather work on my car project than self - registering files , thank you very much . =)
Couples with difficulty conceiving have turned to sperm banks for assistance for decades , and discounts at one company aim to make help more affordable during tough economic times .
Xytex International is offering a discount on sperm from “ select donors ” for between $ 250 to $ 350 per vial , compared with $ 385 to $ 485 per vial from regular donors , according to the company ’s web site .
While these “ select donors ” have passed the same comprehensive health , intelligence and personality screenings as other donors , they have a high volume of sperm at the bank that ’s ready to go .
Payment plans through CareCredit , a subsidiary of General Electric Consumer Finance ( Stock Quote : GE ) , are available for patients in the U.S. , including a three - month interest - free plan with if you spend $ 300 .
Extended payment plans are also available for orders of $ 1,500 or more , with monthly payments starting at $ 41 .
“ It appears that Xytex may be responsive to changes in perceived or actual disposable income , ” notes Kirk Allison , health economics expert and director of the University of Minnesota Program in Human Rights and Health .
“ This may translate into fewer persons initiating services since the economic downturn . ”
Xytex is also offering free umbilical cord blood banking for families with a child diagnosed with a disease like leukemia or lymphoma , which may be treated by potent stem cells from the umbilical cord .
The cord blood is collected minutes after birth , is frozen and can be used at any time .
“ The program covers all cord blood banking services , including enrollment , a specially designed collection kit for the physician ’s use , processing of the collected cord blood sample , as well as up to 10 years ’ storage and transportation fees , ” according to a company press release .
For prospective parents who do n’t qualify for the free Xytex cord blood banking , another banking center , Viacord , offers monthly payment plans for collection and processing fees , including an interest - free six - month payment plan and a 48 - month payment plan in which your initial payment is n’t due until four months after your baby is born .
And if you pay up front for annual storage fees at a regular rate of $ 125 a year for 25 years , you can save up to $ 825 .
“ I do n’t know whether this implies anything [ about the economy ] , ” says Eleanor Nicoll , spokeswoman for the American Society for Reproductive Medicine , “ But people might be needing assistance a lot more now . ”
Jackets and hoodies fashioned from the crass novelty ?
Yep. 31 year old male designer and artist from Utrecht , Sander Reijgers ( shown above and below in his creations ) uses blow - up dolls as material in his wearable works of art .
Website : WWW .
SANDERREIJGERS.NL
The Journal of Sex Research has a fascinating article on the role of attention in sexual arousal and how we use our mental focus to explore and control excitement during sex .
We can see from our everyday lives that attention is important for sex .
We can distract ourselves to avoid sexual arousal when our mind has wandered onto sexual topics and we do n’t want to get aroused , or we want to prolong sexual enjoyment without getting over - aroused .
We also can do the reverse and focus strongly on sexual fantasises or our partner to dispel other thoughts and lose ourselves in the sexual moment .
However , the article looks at the scientific research on attention during sex and discusses how this can help us understand and treat sexual problems .
The drug industry has a lot invested in telling people that sexual difficulties are almost entirely due to problems with the genitals .
For example , the website for Viagra promotes the line that erectile dysfunction is a problem with your cock , saying that “ It happens when not enough blood flows to the penis ” .
Which is a bit like saying poverty is when not enough money gets to poor people .
It describes the outcome but not the cause .
The article makes clear that many sexual problems can be best understood in terms of how the mind is working and many sexual problems can be equally well treated with psychological methods .
In other words , it ’s often not that the genitals are ‘ not working ’ , but that we ’ve got into a situation where it ’s hard to achieve the necessary level of sexual arousal because of , for example , distraction , anxiety or low self - confidence which cause a negative feedback loop that takes our focus away from making love and onto other non-arousing things .
Based on such findings , Barlow ( 1986 ) posited a model of erectile dysfunction , central to which is the idea that increased autonomic arousal results in a narrowing of attentional focus ( Wiegel , Scepkowski , & Barlow , 2007 ) .
The model outlines a process whereby a male focuses his attention on either erotic cues or nonerotic , self - evaluative cues ( e.g. , fears over performance ) .
In both cases , autonomic arousal ( due to sexual arousal in functional men and anxiety in dysfunctional men ) creates a feedback loop , further narrowing the man ’s attentional focus on the information to which he is already attending .
In sexually functional men , attention becomes increasingly focused on erotic information , creating a positive feedback loop .
This feedback loop facilitates sexual response and erection , which in turn leads to approach behavior .
In the case of sexually dysfunctional men , attention becomes more focused on nonsexual , task - irrelevant material , creating a negative feedback loop .
In clinical psychology , many problems , particularly with anxiety , are understood as malfunctioning feedback loops , where the person ’s attempt to control their anxiety actually serve to maintain it in the long - term .
Interestingly , the article touches on the use of mindfulness meditation , known to cause attention changes and anxiety reduction , in the treatment of sexual problems .
For example , some preliminary studies have been completed by psychologist Lori Brotto and colleagues with promising results .
Link to ‘ The Role of Attention in Sexual Arousal ’ .
Link to PubMed entry for same .
| by
Pin Share 0 Shares
Reading time : 10 – 17 minutes
The ability to multitask and mentally juggle multiple demands is essential in today ’s fast - paced world .
At the same time , we ’re bombarded with information that can both distract and overload our focus and attention .
Many of us need a caffeine “ boost ” in the morning or throughout the day to maintain mental focus .
However , drinking too much coffee or tea leaves you feeling like you need to do a couple of laps around the building .
And although coffee consumption offers a number of potential health benefits , many of us drink more than enough of it on a daily basis .
Energy drinks are an alternative option .
However , their effects on cognitive performance are principally related to the presence of caffeine [ 1 ] .
Enter Brain Toniq
Brain Toniq bills itself as the world ’s first and only botanical - based , non-caffeinated functional “ think drink ” , specifically designed to increase mental focus , function and clarity .
According to the Brain Toniq website :
Formulated out of plant extracts and natural compounds , the ingredients in Brain Toniq have a long , proven history for their effects on increasing brain power and cognition .
I ’d previously heard about Brain Toniq and was intrigued at the idea of an energy drink designed to increase cognitive performance .
Additionally , the Brain Toniq website references peer - reviewed research studies that examine many of the ingredients .
When I contacted the company , they were kind enough to send me a sample to review .
The ingredients
Brain Toniq contains zero caffeine and zero chemical preservatives .
Reading over the ingredients list , notably absent was high - fructose corn syrup , which seems to be found in everything these days .
Instead , Brain Toniq uses agave nectar ( the same cactus that is used for tequila ) , a natural syrup that has the lowest glycemic index of any other sweetener .
In fact , it ’s certified by The Glycemic Research Institute as “ Friendly to Diabetics ” .
Brain Toniq contains a proprietary blend of choline , eleutherococcus extract , rhodiola rosea extract , DMAE and blue - green algae .
Other ingredients include carbonated water , natural citrus extracts and citric acid .
More on this below .
The taste test
When I opened the first can , a citrus scent reminded me of grapefruit .
Brain Toniq has a unique , complex taste that was n’t sour ; it was actually quite good with just a hint of carbonated zing .
And although there is n’t any fruit in the drink , it really did taste fruity with hints of orange , grapefruit and lemon .
The aftertaste was light and sweet , without being sugary .
I liked that a lot , since most energy drinks have a funky aftertaste .
Subsequent cans were quite enjoyable as the taste is very pleasing — I can see why they chose agave nectar .
It ’s really unlike anything I ’ve tasted before : a subtle sweetness with a clean finish .
The effect
After drinking a can , did I feel any smarter ?
Well , no , but then again that ’s not the point is it ?
What I did notice was that it was much easier to get in “ the zone ” .
Indeed , there was a evident improvement in concentration over three different days .
Absent were the jitters and restlessness that normally accompany my morning cups ( yes , cups ) of coffee .
I was able to achieve mental focus without the side effects of caffeine .
And that ’s what it ’s all about , is n’t it ?
Brain Toniq touts itself as the “ smart antidote to head fog ” , and I found it to be just that .
Needless to say , I ’m critical of health products that can’t backup their claims with scientific study .
Let ’s review the scientific research associated with each of the ingredients in Brain Toniq ( skip the science and get to the summary ) .
The scientific research
Alpha Glycerylphophorylcholine or choline
Choline is an essential nutrient found in many foods , including eggs , beef and oats , and is usually classified in the Vitamin B complex .
Choline released from membrane phospholipids ( fat - soluble molecules ) is used to make the neurotransmitter acetylcholine , a chemical that transmits signals between neurons in the peripheral and central nervous systems and is involved in memory , learning , recall and thought processes .
Brain Toniq contains L - Alpha Glycerylphosphorylcholine ( alpha - GPC ) , a rapidly absorbed source of choline .
alpha-GPC increases free plasma choline and is incorporated into brain phospholipids with 24 hours of absorption [ 2 ] .
Experiments indicate that the drug reaches the brain following either injection or when taken orally [ 3 ] .
In rats , the drug scopolamine decreases brain acetylcholine levels and induces amnesia ( tested using a fear - motivated avoidance task ) [ 4 ] .
alpha-GPC partially counteracts the neurotransmitter decrease and with oral administration reverses scopolamine - induced amnesia .
In 1994 , the clinical efficacy and tolerability of alpha-GPC was tested in an Italian open multicenter trial on 2,044 patients suffering from a recent stroke or transient ischemic attacks ( TIA , meaning a warning stroke or mini- stroke that produces stroke - like symptoms but no lasting damage ) [ 5 ] .
Patients were given injections of alpha-GPC for one month followed by five months of oral dosage , and then evaluated for psychic recovery using the Mini Mental State Test ( MMST ) , the Crichton Rating Scale ( CRS ) , and the Global Deterioration Scale ( GDS ) .
All tests demonstrated statistically significant changes .
The MMST mean reached the “ normality ” score at the 3rd month of assessment .
By the end of the trial , the GDS score corresponded to “ no cognitive decline ” or “ forgetfulness ” in 71 % of patients .
This study demonstrated a therapeutic role for alpha-GPC on the cognitive recovery of patients with acute stroke or TIA .
A similar multicenter , double - blind , randomized , placebo - controlled study in 2003 assessed the efficacy and tolerability of alpha-GPC in the treatment of cognitive impairment from mild to moderate Alzheimer ’s disease [ 6 ] .
Patients were treated with alpha-GPC or placebo capsules 3 times daily for 180 days and then evaluated for efficacy outcomes using a variety of tests .
Patients taking alpha-GPC showed consistent cognitive improvement compared to patients taking a placebo .
Taken together , these clinical studies demonstrate the efficacy of alpha-GPC on cognitive enhancement .
Eleutherococcus extract ( root )
Eleutherococcus senticosus , commonly called eleuthero , is a species of small , woody shrub native to Northeastern Asia that was previously marketed in the United States as Siberian Ginseng .
Studies suggest that the active component of eleuthero called syringin increases the release of acetylcholine from nerve terminals [ 7 ] .
Neurons treated with amyloid beta ( a small protein that is the main constituent of amyloid plaques in the brains of Alzheimer ’s patients ) were protected against neuron degeneration and cell death following exposure to eleuthero extracts [ 8 ] .
Aphanizomenon flosaquae or blue green algae
Aphanizomenon flos - aquae ( AFA , blue - green algae ) is a fresh - water microalgae that is consumed as a nutrient - dense food source .
Blue - green algae products are commonly consumed in the United States , Canada and Europe for their putative beneficial effects , including increased energy and elevated mood .
However , published scientific evidence supporting those benefits is lacking .
After talking with the folks at Brain Toniq , I was directed to two studies — neither of which are published , peer - reviewed studies — briefly described below :
In their doctoral research for the University of Central American , Sevulla and Aguirre ( 1995 ) studied 1,567 school children that were given one gram of AFA daily [ 9 ] .
After 6 months of intake , mean academic scores increased by 81 % .
In addition , teachers reported major improvements in behavior , class room attendance and participation .
The Center for Family Wellness in Harvard , Massachusetts conducted a study of 142 children who ate between 1 / 2 to one gram of AFA daily for ten weeks [ 10 ] .
Parents reported improvements in their children ’s mood and behavior .
I was also referred to a book by Dr. Jeffrey Bruno entitled “ Edible Microalgae : A Review of the Health Research ” .
However , when I cross-referenced citations from the section “ Enhanced Brain Function , Behavior , and Learning ” in PubMed , none of the studies were in fact published .
Brain Toniq uses Aphanizomenon flos - aquae ( AFA , blue - green algae ) harvested from Upper Klamath Lake in Southern Oregon , and is tested for purity .
Microcystis aeruginosa , another blue - green algae that produces toxic compounds called microcystins , is a regularly occurring contaminant of AFA that can be inadvertently collected during the harvesting process .
A study in 2000 assed the potential health risks from microcystin toxins in AFA dietary supplements isolated specifically from Upper Klamath Lake , tested blue - green algae products for the presence of microcystins and established a regulatory limit of 1 microgram / gram for microcystins in blue - green algae - containing products [ 11 ] .
This level was adopted by the Oregon Department of Agriculture as a regulatory standard for blue - green algae products over ten years ago in 1997 .
External laboratories perform a number of tests on every batch of blue - green algae used in Brain Toniq to ensure that it is safe of contaminants .
Rhodiola rosea extract
Rhodiola rosea is commonly called golden root , a plant that grows in the cold regions of the world ( e.g. the mountains of Central Asia , the Rocky Mountains , the Arctic , etc. ) .
A 12 - week drug monitoring study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of golden root extract given in combination with vitamins and minerals to 120 adults with physical and cognitive deficiencies identified a statistically significant improvement in both areas of deficit [ 12 ] .
Global assessment of efficacy revealed that treatment was “ very good ” or “ good ” for 81 % of patients , as reported by physicians , and for 80 % of patients , as reported by patients .
More recently , a randomized , double - blind , placebo - controlled study with parallel groups assessed the efficacy of golden root extracts in the treatment of individuals suffering from stress - related fatigue [ 13 ] .
Significant effects with repeated administration of the extract were observed relative to placebo .
The researchers concluded that golden root extract exerts an anti-fatigue effect that increases mental performance , particularly with the ability to concentrate , in burnout patients with fatigue syndrome .
DMAE ( Dimethylaminoethanol )
DMAE ( dimethylaminoethanol ) is an organic compound related to choline .
Animal studies show that taking DMAE results in increased levels of choline in the blood and brain [ 14 ] .
Additionally , in a randomized , group - parallel , double - blind , placebo - controlled study demonstrated that daily intake of a vitamin - mineral drug combination containing DMAE induced a psychophysiological state of better feeling or well - being on both levels of mood analysis and brain activity electrical pattern in subjects suffering from borderline emotional disturbance [ 15 ] .
In summary , all of these ingredients , save for blue - green algae , have scientific data supporting an effect on cognitive function ; increased production of brain neurotransmitter , increased neurotransmitter signaling , protection from neuron degeneration , increased mental performance , etc. ( review the science ) .
Brain Toniq :
Get thinking again
As I wrote above , Brain Toniq promotes itself as the “ smart antidote to head fog ” and scientific research supports their claim .
Thus , Highlight HEALTH is happy to endorse Brain Toniq .
In fact , I liked it so much and am so convinced of its cognitive effects , Highlight HEALTH is now an affiliate .
Many hours were spent researching the studies listed above , so if you find this article useful , I ’d appreciate it if you ’d use our affiliate link to order Brain Toniq and get thinking again .
References
van den Eynde et al .
The effects of energy drinks on cognitive performance .
Tijdschr Psychiatr .
2008;50(5):273-81 .
View abstract Abbiati et al .
Absorption , tissue distribution and excretion of radiolabelled compounds in rats after administration of [ 14C ]-L-alpha -glycerylphosphorylcholine .
Eur J Drug Metab Pharmacokinet .
1993 Apr - Jun;18(2):173-80 .
View abstract Trabucchi et al .
Changes in the interaction between CNS cholinergic and dopaminergic neurons induced by L - alpha - glycerylphosphorylcholine , a cholinomimetic drug .
Farmaco [ Sci ] .
1986 Apr;41(4):325-34 .
View abstract Lopez et al .
Effect of a new cognition enhancer , alpha - glycerylphosphorylcholine , on scopolamine - induced amnesia and brain acetylcholine .
Pharmacol Biochem Behav .
1991 Aug;39(4):835-40 .
View abstract Barbagallo Sangiorgi et al. alpha-Glycerophosphocholine in the mental recovery of cerebral ischemic attacks .
An Italian multicenter clinical trial .
Ann N Y Acad Sci. 1994 Jun 30;717:253-69 .
View abstract De Jesus Moreno Moreno M. Cognitive improvement in mild to moderate Alzheimer ’s dementia after treatment with the acetylcholine precursor choline alfoscerate : a multicenter , double - blind , randomized , placebo - controlled trial .
Clin Ther. 2003 Jan;25(1):178-93 .
View abstract Liu et al .
Release of acetylcholine by syringin , an active principle of Eleutherococcus senticosus , to raise insulin secretion in Wistar rats .
Neurosci Lett. 2008 Mar 28;434(2) :195-9 . Epub 2008 Jan 31 .
View abstract Tohda et al .
Inhibitory effects of Eleutherococcus senticosus extracts on amyloid beta( 25 - 35 ) - induced neuritic atrophy and synaptic loss .
J Pharmacol Sci. 2008 Jul ; 107(3):329-39 .
Epub 2008 Jul 8 .
View abstract Sevilla and Aguiree .
Study on the Effects of Super Blue - Green Algae on the Nutritional Status and School Performance of First- , Second - , and Third - Grade Children Attending the Monsenor Velez School in Nandaime , Nicaragua [ dissertation , in Spanish ] .
Universidad CentroAmericana , Nicaragua , 1995 .
Jarratt et al .
The Children and Algae Report .
The Center for Family Wellness , Harvard Massachusetts , 1995 .
Gilroy et al .
Assessing potential health risks from microcystin toxins in blue - green algae dietary supplements .
Environ Health Perspect .
2000 May;108(5):435-9 .
View abstract Olsson et al .
A randomised , double - blind , placebo - controlled , parallel - group study of the standardised extract shr -5 of the roots of Rhodiola rosea in the treatment of subjects with stress - related fatigue .
Planta Med. 2009 Feb ;75 ( 2) :105 - 12 . Epub 2008 Nov 18 .
View abstract Fintelmann and Gruenwald .
Efficacy and tolerability of a Rhodiola rosea extract in adults with physical and cognitive deficiencies .
Adv Ther. 2007 Jul - Aug;24(4):929-39 .
View abstract Jope and Jenden .
Dimethylaminoethanol ( deanol ) metabolism in rat brain and its effect on acetylcholine synthesis .
J Pharmacol Exp Ther. 1979 Dec;211(3):472-9 .
View abstract Tohda et al .
Inhibitory effects of Eleutherococcus senticosus extracts on amyloid beta( 25 - 35 ) - induced neuritic atrophy and synaptic loss .
J Pharmacol Sci. 2008 Jul ; 107(3):329-39 .
Epub 2008 Jul 8 .
View abstract
Yur silly ploi te keeps me off teh furnichur . . . . did not werk
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Vivien Swan was an internationally acknowledged expert in the study of Roman pottery .
Early retirement from the Royal Commission on the Historical Monuments of England allowed her the time to make a series of studies , particularly in northern Britain and on the Lower Danube , which revolutionised our understanding of the significance of ceramics in establishing ethnic identity and origins and in working out how military supply systems operated .
This work established her international reputation .
Vivien Bishop was born in London , but adopted , in her words , by an elderly couple , living in Penarth .
She was educated locally and then read archaeology at Cardiff .
In December 1965 she was appointed an investigator at the Royal Commission on the Historical Monuments of England , being one of the first women to take up such an appointment in any of the Royal Commissions .
Much of her earlier career was spent in the office in Salisbury but in 1975 she moved to York , settling with her family ( she had married Tony Swan in 1966 ) at Flaxton , where she became the church organist and formed the Flaxton Music Consort .
While in York , she published , with Humphrey Welfare , Roman Camps in England : the field archaeology ( 1995 ) , still the indispensable source of information on this peculiarly British archaeological phenomenon .
She already had an interest in Roman pottery , and that was underlined by the publication of The Pottery Kilns of Roman Britain ( 1984 ) .
This will remain for the foreseeable future the foundation of Roman pottery - production studies in Britain .
The main text is supported by details on microfiche of every kiln in Britain and its products , an enormous scholarly resource .
Following her retirement in October 1996 , Swan consciously picked up the mantle of her friend and mentor , the Roman - British pottery expert John Gillam , who had died in 1986 , and turned her undivided attention to the study of Roman pottery .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The first flowering of her career after she left the Royal Commission is represented by her identification of North African ceramic styles in Britain .
A parallel discovery was that a series of pots modelled in the form of human heads which were made in York had North African antecedents and portrayed members of the Severan imperial family .
Her work on this pottery and its implications was explored in a series of articles published in the 1990s .
The last of the series , " The Twentieth Legion and the history of the Antonine Wall reconsidered " ( Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland , 1999 ) , goes far beyond the usual scope of specialist studies and has led to renewed and continuing interest and discussion about the building history and occupation of the Antonine Wall , the most northerly frontier of the Roman empire .
In particular , Swan was able to suggest that the building of the Antonine Wall took far longer than previously believed and to offer a context for this : a hiatus of about four years while soldiers from the army of Britain were dispatched to north Africa to participate in the war against the Moors , returning with new styles of cooking which she was able to recognise at various forts along the frontier .
Her research led to the award of an honorary doctorate by the University of Wales in 2001 and helped underpin the successful nomination of the Antonine Wall as a World Heritage Site in July 2008 .
As her knowledge grew , Swan was able to recognise vessels from the same workshops on different sites and offer percipient comments on troop movements within Britain .
She widened her report on the Roman fort at Carlisle to take into account local production , looking holistically at the development of Roman trade and production in Carlisle and the surrounding area .
In 1998 breast cancer was diagnosed .
While still recovering from surgery , Swan took part in Andrew Poulter 's project on the late Roman and early Byzantine fort at Dichin in Bulgaria , where she worked as Chief Ceramicist from 1998 to 2001 and subsequently as a Research Fellow of Nottingham University preparing the pottery for the publication .
In a remarkably short time , Swan produced the first chronology for pottery on the Lower Danube for the period covering the transition from the Late Roman to Byzantine periods ( c.AD 400-600 ) .
She was also able to trace the changing nature of the garrison through the different vessels used for eating and drinking .
As one foreign archaeologist put it , " no one is doing work like this on the continent " .
More recently , she was involved with the development of Roman - period ceramic studies and the mentoring of scholars in Georgia .
Vivien Swan was an active member of the Study Group for Roman Pottery , an interest group for amateurs and professionals , from its inception in 1971 .
She was involved in the formalisation of the group in 1985 and then served as its first president until 1990 .
Swan did more for the group than any other single member and has been on the committee in varying capacities almost continuously .
She also played an important role in the ongoing success of the Journal of Roman Pottery Studies , since its first volume in 1986 , initially as a member of the Editorial Committee and as Reviews Editor until her resignation in March 2008 .
Additionally , she was an active participant at almost every annual conference and organised six of them .
She also played a prominent part in the development of the Rei Cretariae Romanae Fautores , an international society dedicated to the study of Roman ceramics , latterly serving as a trustee of the society and helping to establish a bursary for foreign participants .
Since the late 1990s she was co-convenor of the Roman Northern Frontiers Seminar , reviving an important forum for the exchange of information and ideas .
Specialists in artefact studies are often forced by circumstances to limit the dissemination of their work to a small audience , but from the 1990s Swan demonstrated how such studies are central to a better understanding of much wider archaeological issues .
From very early in her career she was concerned with promoting pottery studies as widely possible , publishing the popular general account Pottery in Roman Britain in 1975 and updating it in two subsequent editions .
Through the Study Group for Roman Pottery and the Fautores Swan mentored younger pottery specialists .
More generally , she encouraged younger scholars , even when their interests were not specifically in Roman ceramics .
Two years ago cancer returned .
Vivien continued to work , with great courage and fortitude , on the Dichin and Carlisle pottery to within days of her death and completed these two important studies .
In November , she was able to attend the British Archaeological Awards ceremony in the British Museum where she received a Lifetime Achievement Award .
Vivien Swan was a larger - than - life figure , unusually for archaeologists wearing colourful designer clothes ( her coffin was painted white and with garlands , peacocks and shoes ) , and contributing generously to archaeological discussions .
Rigorous in her own treatment of the sources , she expected the same from all other scholars and could be trenchant in her comments when this did not occur .
While some colleagues were at first unwilling to accept her radical views on Roman pottery , she died knowing that she had won the respect of her colleagues in Britain and abroad and that a collection of her papers on Roman pottery , Ethnicity , Conquest and Recruitment is about to be published by the Journal of Roman Archaeology .
David Breeze
Vivien Grace Bishop , archaeologist : born London 12 January 1943 ; investigator , Royal Commission on the Historical Monuments of England 1965 - 96 ; married 1966 Tony Swan ( two daughters ) ; died Scarborough , North Yorkshire 1 January 2009 .
Real - time micro-blogging is gaining in popularity .
But if you 're wondering what 's the point , here 's Charles Arthur 's guide to the benefits of Twitter - and how to get started
An American student is arrested in Egypt , and manages to send a brief text with a single word - " ARRESTED " - which is picked up around the world , and leads quickly to his release , helped by a lawyer hired by his university back in the US .
In Britain , the prime minister 's office decides people should be able to find out what their premier is doing ; as of today , more than 2,000 people do .
During an interview at the SXSW festival in March , audience dissatisfaction with Sarah Lacy 's interviewing style with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg spills over into silent but powerful discourse among the audience : one calls it a " train wreck " .
People fleeing from fires in California say where they are ; that proves more useful and timely than official goverment information .
The common factor ?
Twitter , the free ( at present ) service which lets you send a 140 - character message , or " tweet " , to a site where anyone can read it , though it will only be sent directly to those who have chosen to " follow " you ( though if you want , you can pick and choose who you allow to follow you ) .
Twitter 's first prototype was built in two weeks in March 2006 and launched publicly that August .
It has only been a company since May 2007 , but its growth has been explosive - so much so that it constantly struggles to keep running as a growing number of people sign on , sending more and more tweets .
One of the first questions people ask is " what is Twitter for ? "
As with any social network , the answer is the same : whatever you make of it .
Some think that its immediacy makes it ideal for spreading news .
Others find it useful to ask questions of their peers ; still others , for following what people or topics they 're interested in .
The BBC and the Guardian , for example , already offer Twitter services for breaking news ( check out the Guardian Technology Twitter feed ) .
It will be surprising if IBM does not offer a Twitter service with results from the All - England Tennis Club Championships in July .
Hitwise , the web measurement company , notes that traffic to Twitter has risen eightfold in the past year , more than doubled in the past three months and up 60 % in the past month .
By Hitwise 's measure , it 's only ranked 439th in social networks - outside the mainstream - but Heather Hopkins , senior Hitwise analyst , adds quickly that : " Twitter 's size is notoriously difficult to measure as there are so many access points ( mobile phones in particular ) . "
That is a key point .
Measurement companies like Hitwise tend to rely on browser - based metrics to see where samples of people are going .
But whereas Facebook , MySpace , Bebo and Habbo Hotel are only usable through a web browser , Twitter has broken free of the web ; its text message - length " tweets " can be received on a mobile phone or other device .
You do n't have to visit the web page to use Twitter ; in fact , doing so may be one of the slowest ways of using the service .
And many of the systems that are built around Twitter use web pages to interface directly to its database ( via a published API ) .
Twitter did n't respond to a request asking how many active users and how many tweets are sent each day ; but it 's a safe guess that both are in the millions .
TwitDir , a Twitter directory , suggests there are now 1.05 million Twitter users - up from 518,000 in October .
With Twitter thus poised to enter the mainstream , we offer here our list of the best tools presently available on , and built on , Twitter .
As ever , this is a moving target : within months we expect there will be even better ones .
And we will watch our Twitter feeds for your responses and suggestions .
First steps
Twitter.com obviously .
You do n't need to sign up ; you can watch the flow of messages from a particular user at their username ( eg Guardian Technology's , which is at twitter.com / guardiantech ) .
However , Twitter only becomes useful once you can sift through the huge volume of posts .
Signing up is free and you 're not obliged to follow anyone , or post anything , or let anyone follow you .
Next steps
You can follow Twitter at the website , but that 's inefficient .
Smartest moves : get a program for your PC , Mac or Linux box to watch the flow .
Windows
Madtwitter ; Twitteroo ; Twitterlicious
Mac OS X
Twitteriffic
Linux
Deskbar ; Twitux
Mobile phones
Twittter for iPhone ; Twitterberry ( for BlackBerries ) ; hahlo.com ( iPhone and others )
Firefox
Tweetbar
Finding people
Whoshouldifollow.com answers that simple question .
Given your username , it will look for other users with some overlap with the people you follow , and suggest them as people for you to follow .
Add some of the names there and then repeat the process , and you 'll quickly build up a large network .
Twitdir.com , a directory .
Find people , and quickly see the top 100 most - followed and busiest twitterers .
Twitterholic.com , the top users and accounts : choose , then repeat as above .
Searching and organising
Summize.com , search for a word or phrase across the entire Twitter feed .
Interested in Scotland ?
Explosions ?
Burma ?
Plug the search in and view the results ; or take an RSS feed , which will automatically update when new tweets match your search .
Quotably.com creates threads of discussions between people .
Terraminds.com , another search engine , for users or phrases .
Tweetscan.com , search by user and time .
Twitterlocal.net finds twitterers near you .
Sharing
Twitthis.com , lets people looking at your site or blog share the URL via Twitter .
Twitturly.com , what 's being most linked - to and talked about ?
Tweetmeme.com , what sort of topics are being discussed ?
Visualise
Twittervision.com , real - time Google Maps mashup showing where the latest tweets are being posted .
Twitterverse , tag clouds based on the messages flowing through twitter .
Twistori.com , love , hate , think , believe , feel , wish : what people are saying where the tweets use those words .
Twittearth.com , processor - heavy , but fascinating , visualisation of tweets , put onto a spiralling globe .
Tweetwheel.com , which of your friends are already following each other ?
Miscellaneous
Tweetspeech , Yahoo Pipes module that converts ( incoming ) tweets to speech , playable via RSS .
Tweeterboard , a " leaderboard " of who the busiest , most popular , most chatty users are .
Twitter fan wiki , lots more Twitter information and applications .
Twittersnooze.com , hit the " snooze button " , briefly , on verbose friends .
Twitter balloon , your tweets superimposed on an image of your choosing .
Latest Scores , latest football scores , as tweets .
twerpscan.com , avoid followers who befriend everyone : may be spammers .
Today at CommunityOne in New York , we ’re announcing a bunch of Cloud - related stuff .
Some of it has my fingerprints on it .
This is my personal take on the interesting parts .
[ Disclaimer ] :
Like it says on the front page , I work for Sun and sometimes even speak for it officially , but not in this blog .
These are my own views as a project insider , and the perceptions of what it is and why it matters are mine ; the company ’s may differ .
Back Story · Just before Christmas , the group I ’m in morphed into the Cloud Business Unit .
My boss called up and said “ That ’s not for you , right ?
Want to move over to Glass Fish / Web - tier land ? ” I said “ Hell no , I do n’t really grok Cloud but then neither does anyone else .
Put me in , coach . ”
So , starting right after New Years , I ’ve been cloudworking with a bunch of people in various Sun shops and the folks from our recent Q - layer acquisition .
After a few years in loosely - defined strategy and intelligence and evangelism work , it ’s been a real thrill to buckle down and grind away on stuff with a view to shipping it .
The Announcement ·
We ’re going to be rolling out a Sun Cloud offering later this year .
It ’s going to have a storage service that ’ll offer WebDAV and something S3 - flavored .
Also , there ’ll be a compute service , based partly on the Q - layer technology .
And it ’s got an API .
The API · This is a unified view of the storage and compute and networking services .
It ’s built around the notion of a “ Virtual Data Center ” ( VDC ) , which contains networks and clusters of servers and public IP addresses and storage services .
The idea is to give you the administrative and operational handles to build something really big and ambitious .
The VDC notion is really slick and I think something like it is going to be required in any serious cloud API going forward .
At the bottom level , the interface is based on HTTP and tries hard to be RESTful .
All the resources — servers , networks , virtual data centers — are represented in JSON .
[ Do n’t you mean XML ? - Ed. ]
[ Nope , JSON is just right for this one .
- Tim ]
We even tried to do the “ Hypertext as engine of application state ” thing .
To use the API , you need one URI to get started ; it identifies the whole cloud .
Dereference that , you get some JSON that has URIs for your VDCs ; dereference those , and you get more JSON that represents your clusters and servers and networks and so on .
This has the nice side - effect that the API does n’t constrain the design of the URI space at all .
[ Who cares ?
- Ed. ]
[ Stay tuned .
- Tim ]
This interface does more than just Resource CRUD ; there are operations like “ Start server ” and “ Snapshot storage ” .
The kind of thing that classic REST design patterns do n’t really give you a cookbook for .
Here ’s an example of how it works : the representation of a server includes a bunch of “ controller ” URIs ; a POST to one of these constitutes a request to do something , say reboot the server .
On top of the low - level REST there ’s a set of libraries for those who ’d rather not deal with HTTP messaging ; available off the top in Java , Ruby , and Python .
( Hmm , the other day I saw somebody check something into a directory called php , but that ’s not a commitment ) .
On top of that there ’s a command - line interface suitable for shell - scripting , except for it emits JSON instead of classic - Unix lines - of - text .
I wonder how that will work out ?
Finally , there ’s a Web GUI so you can build your VDC by dragging and dropping things around .
It ’s nice demo - ware and I can see people using that for getting a quick ad - hoc server deployment on the air on short notice .
But my bet is that for heavy lifting , you ’re going to want to script your deployments , not drag - and - drop them .
Zero Barrier to Exit · Maybe the single most interesting thing about this API is that the spec is published under a Creative Commons “ Attribution ” license , which means that pretty well anybody can do pretty well anything with it .
I ’m pretty convinced that if Cloud technology is going to take off , there ’ll have to be a competitive ecosystem ; so that when you bet on a service provider , if the relationship does n’t work out there ’s a way to take your business to another provider with relatively little operational pain .
Put another way : no lock - in .
I got all excited about this back in January at that Cloud Interop session .
Anant Jhingran , an IBM VIP , spoke up and said “ Customers do n’t want interoperability , they want integration . ”
“ Bzzzzzzzzzt ! Wrong ! ” I thought .
But then I realized he was only half wrong ; anyone going down this road needs integration and interoperability .
So that ’s what we ’re trying to do here .
We ’ve done a lot of work to keep the interfaces generic rather than Sun-specific , and I think we wo n’t be the only provider of cloud - computing services through this API .
A Work In Progress ·
Not only is the API CC - licensed and free for use by anybody , it ’s not finished yet .
We ’ve got a lot of back - end infrastructure already built , but there ’s still time to refine and improve the API before we ’re in ship / lockdown mode .
The work ’s being done in public over at a Kenai.com project called The Sun Cloud APIs .
The spec -ware is on a set of wiki pages starting here .
If you want an introduction , the place to start is “ Hello Cloud ” —
An illustrative walk - through of the Sun Cloud API .
If you want to be part of the design process , get yourself a Kenai login and join the project .
That gets you a ticket to the forums ( which have an Atom feed , thank goodness ) .
There ’s no rule saying committers have to be Sun people , down the road ; this should be a meritocracy .
How about taking this to a standards organization ?
I suppose I ’d be OK with that once there are a few implementors , and proof that it works .
We ’re confident that we can build infrastructure behind every interface that ’s in there now , which is good ; if someone else could do so independently , that ’d be better .
If we were going to do that , my feeling is that the right level to standardize would the REST / HTTP interface ; let implementors compete to offer slick high - level programming - language APIs .
Why REST ? ·
It ’s a sensible question .
The chief virtue of RESTful interfaces is massive scaling .
But gimme a break , these are data - center management operations ; a typical transaction frequency would be a single - digit number per week , with the single digit often being “ 0 ” , and it would n’t be surprising if a big multi-cluster staged - boot operation had a latency of minutes .
The data - center controls are unlikely to be a bottleneck .
Why , then ?
Simply because we wanted a bits - on - the - wire interface .
APIs , in the general case , suck ; and are really hard to make portable .
Bits - on - the - wire are ultimately flexible and interoperable .
If you ’re going to do bits - on - the - wire , Why not use HTTP ?
And if you ’re going to use HTTP , use it right .
That ’s all .
However I think we will be forgiven , in this case , for not really sweating the ETags and caching part of the spec yet .
My Fingerprints · I ’ve been working on the specification at the REST level .
Most of the heavy lifting was done by Craig McLanahan with guidance from Lew Tucker .
I played my accustomed role as designated minimalist : the API has become noticeably smaller since I got involved .
I suspect Craig is still feeling a bit traumatized by my enthusiastic wielding of the spec machete .
Also I ’ve been implementing a glue - code bridge between the REST API and the Q - layer back - end .
It ’s in Ruby and so far I ’m talking straight to Rack , the “ router ” is just a big case statement over URI - matching regexps .
I ’m not sure , at this point , whether it ’s a proof - of - concept or ends up shipping .
The Q - layer interface is a moving target ; we just completed the acquisition around January 1 and they ’re making a bunch of changes to morph the product into what we need for the Sun Cloud .
Open source ?
Maybe , if it turns out to work .
The subject has n’t even come up .
The Business End ·
How do you make money in clouds ?
I ’m not convinced that there are big fat margins in operating global - scale infrastructure , competing with Amazon AWS and its peers .
I am 100 % convinced that if there were a general - purpose platform for running behind the firewall to automate scaling and deployment and take IT out of many loops , there are a whole lot of enterprises who ’d love that kind of elasticity in their infrastructure .
Machine virtualization is a big deal , obviously .
Lightweight lockin - free data - center virtualization might be bigger , I think .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel ’s attorney - general said on Sunday he was considering indicting Prime Minister Ehud Olmert on suspicion of illegally receiving funds from an American businessman .
Olmert , who denies any wrongdoing , would be the first Israeli prime minister to be indicted should Attorney General Menachem Mazuz decide to charge him with criminal offenses .
“ The attorney general told Prime Minister Ehud Olmert that he was considering filing a criminal indictment against him over suspicions that he committed various offenses in the ‘ Talansky scandal , ’ ” the Justice Ministry said in a statement .
U.S. businessman Morris Talansky testified in an Israeli court in May that he had given Olmert cash - stuffed envelopes and personal loans to the tune of $ 150,000 over a 15 - year period , money that Olmert never repaid .
Amir Dan , an Olmert spokesman , said any charges would be unfounded .
Olmert resigned in September over a string of corruption probes .
Police also suspect he made duplicate claims for travel expenses and appointed cronies to various government bodies when he served as mayor of Jerusalem and trade and industry minister .
Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni succeeded Olmert as head of the ruling Kadima party .
( Writing by Joseph Nasr , Editing by Jon Boyle )
PESHAWAR , Pakistan ( Reuters ) - A pilotless U.S. drone fired a missile at a Taliban compound in Pakistan ’s Orakzai region on Wednesday , killing 12 people in the first such attack in the area , a security official and residents said .
The raid came a day after Pakistani Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud said his group had carried out an assault on a police training center in the eastern city of Lahore in retaliation for U.S. drone attacks .
The missile hit a compound of a Taliban commander loyal to Mehsud , Hakimullah Mehsud , and 12 people were killed and 13 wounded .
Hakimullah Mehsud later spoke to Reuters and said six of his fighters were among the dead .
He vowed revenge .
“ This was n’t a minor thing .
The pain of this attack will be felt in Islamabad , ” he said by telephone from an undisclosed location .
He did not elaborate but said his men would not give up their fight : “ Let the Americans use all their drones , we ’ll fight them on the battlefield . ”
Another Taliban official who declined to be identified said an Arab militant known as Kaka was also killed in the attack .
The United States , frustrated by an intensifying insurgency in Afghanistan getting support from the Pakistani side of the border , began launching more drone attacks last year .
Since then , more than 30 U.S. strikes have killed about 300 people , including mid-level al Qaeda members , according to reports from Pakistani officials , residents and militants .
Pakistan objects to the strikes .
Officials say about one in six of the strikes over the past year caused civilian deaths without killing any militants , and that fuels anti-U.S. sentiment , complicating the military ’s struggle to subdue violence .
The concentration of strikes in Waziristan was also pushing some militants eastwards , deeper into Pakistan , officials say .
PROTEST
Orakzai has been one of Pakistan ’s most peaceful Pashtun regions but Taliban are known to have infiltrated the area , as they have done elsewhere in the northwest .
U.S. officials say success in Afghanistan is impossible without tackling militant enclaves in northwest Pakistan , where Taliban battling Western forces rest , regroup and train , and al Qaeda plots violence .
U.S. President Barack Obama announced a review of policy toward Afghanistan and Pakistan last week , vowing to tackle militants in the ungoverned Pakistani border areas .
The New York Times said last month the United States was considering expanding its covert war to Baluchistan , a sprawling province of deserts and jagged mountains on the border of violence - plagued southern Afghanistan .
About 150 clerics and elders from Taliban leader Mehsud ’s tribe held a protest in the town of Tank , in North West Frontier Province , to condemn the drone strikes .
One cleric , Hassam - ud - din , told the crowd the government approved the U.S. strikes but should stop them immediately .
The government denies reports it has quietly given permission for the strikes and that the drones are launched from a secret air strip in Pakistan .
Early last year , the United States stopped forewarning Pakistan about the strikes because of suspicion some Pakistani agents were tipping off militants they regarded as assets .
Brad Jacobson Byon 3/1/2009 , 11:55 am PT
Guest blogged by Brad Jacobson of MediaBloodhound
In a primer on how to conduct an interview relying almost solely on Republican talking points , PBS NewsHour anchor Judy Woodruff discussed the new budget plan with White House Budget Director Peter Orszag on Wednesday night .
Woodruff 's first question is n't necessarily a Republican talking point , but it might as well be .
JUDY WOODRUFF : $ 3.66 trillion , is that a number you can actually grasp ?
Seriously , members of the mainstream media need to stop acting like they suddenly have the vapors over big government spending .
The Republicans were n't the only ones to preside over the most reckless spending in our government 's history over the last eight years , on a war of choice and tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans in an environment of profligate deregulation and zero investment in infrastructure and our citizens ' future .
Mainstream news outlets and their anchors and talking heads watched it all unfold while expressing little or no concern at the time .
Woodruff 's second question is like a GOP talking - point smorgasbord ...
JUDY WOODRUFF : Well , just two of the terms I heard applied to it today were , number one , " radical , " and the other one was " taking from the rich to give to the poor . "
Is this about redistributing wealth in this country ?
I guess she could n't fit " socialist " in there .
( When did Judy Woodruff start sounding like a Fox " News " anchor ? )
Orszag explains , rather , that the Obama administration 's aim is " a greater sense of shared responsibility " and later reveals that roughly only 5 % of Americans would see their taxes rise while 95 % would receive a tax reduction .
You know , what Obama ran and handily won the election on --- a more equitable system .
But suddenly this is shocking , the election and his mandate ancient history .
Woodruff then dispenses with what she " heard , " figuring it 's easier to quote the talking points verbatim :
JUDY WOODRUFF : Well , the person President Obama had asked to be his commerce secretary , Senator Judd Gregg --- who later , as we know , backed out --- had this to say today about your budget proposal .
He said , " This plan is once again a missed opportunity for American taxpayers . "
He said , " It raises taxes on all Americans , implements massive new spending , and fails to make any tough choices to control the deficit . "
Of course this has the extra gotcha benefit of coming from the guy Obama originally tapped to be his commerce secretary .
Next , once again Woodruff is " hearing " more criticism .
But as opposed to " two of the terms " she " heard applied to it today " without providing any attribution for them , this time she specifies the criticism comes from Republicans but oddly prefaces her comment with " I guess . "
It 's unclear whether she does this to deflect the transparency of her reliance on GOP talking points or as a consequence of not doing her homework .
Or both .
JUDY WOODRUFF : Well , the most frequently repeated criticism , I guess , from Republican [ sic ]
I 've been hearing is they say you want to raise taxes on the nation 's entrepreneurs , small - business owners , at the very time when the country 's in a recession .
And they 're saying , what 's the incentive going to be , then , for these people to grow their companies and hire and create jobs ?
Woodruff 's line of questioning , one GOP economic meme after another , continues nearly unabated throughout the remainder of the interview .
Woodruff , a veteran journalist who 's done some excellent work over the years , is better than this .
Sadly , these days she seems more willing not just to fill in for Jim Lehrer but to follow in his frequent autopilot footsteps when questioning guests , giving the often false NewsHour impression that the quality of an interview is due to its length instead of its depth .
Just how reliant is Woodruff on parroting Republican talking points ?
Want to guess how many times she poses a question citing a criticism of an actual economist rather than a Republican ?
Zero .
Yes , in an eight - minute - plus discussion about the new budget plan , in the midst of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression , PBS NewsHour and Woodruff do n't have time not to play politics .
( Ed. note :
There is a discussion between two economists on the same program here , which could be a separate post of its own .
One of the two best economists NewsHour could find to discuss the budget plan ?
Douglas Holtz - Eakin , former economic policy adviser to John McCain 's 2008 presidential campaign ... no bias there .
Incidentally , he's also the genius who famously claimed that Senator McCain " helped create " the BlackBerry . )
Cross-posted from MediaBloodhound .
Geography of a Recession
The hardest - hit parts of the country have been manufacturing regions , like Michigan , Ohio and Rhode Island , and areas that had huge housing bubbles , like California , Florida and Nevada .
( Updated August 10 , 2010 with June data .
Figures are not seasonally adjusted . )
Shoichi Nakagawa blames bumbling and often incomprehensible performance on overdose of cold medicine
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The Japanese finance minister , Shoichi Nakagawa , offered his resignation today , after slurring and yawning his way through a press conference at the G7 meeting in Rome at the weekend .
Nakagawa – who is known to enjoy a drink – denied he was drunk when he addressed the Japanese press on Saturday .
He instead blamed his bumbling and at times incomprehensible performance on an overdose of cold medicine .
Despite his denials , those who have seen footage of the press conference , repeated all day on Japanese TV , agree he had the glassy eyes and sweaty complexion of a man who had enjoyed a few glasses of Chianti too many courtesy of his Italian hosts .
" It is true that I did n't conduct myself properly , and I feel I must set the record straight , " the 55 - year - old Nakagawa told reporters in Tokyo .
He admitted drinking on the flight from Tokyo to Rome on Friday , but insisted he had no more than a sip of wine at an official lunch the following day .
" I did not drink a glassful , " he said .
" I had a cold .
Honestly , the cold medicine kicked in too much , " he added , before sniffing loudly to prove his point .
Early today , Nakagawa , announced he would step down because of health problems but said he will stay on until parliament approves a supplementary budget , probably in April .
" I apologise for causing such a big fuss , " Nakagawa said .
" I plan to submit a formal resignation as soon the budget and related legislation are passed by the lower house . "
Failure to act could have irreparably harmed Prime Minister Taro Aso , who is battling record low poll ratings and must call an election by the autumn .
Opposition leaders had also called for ­Nakagawa 's immediate dismissal .
" It is embarrassing , " Yukio Hatoyama , the secretary general of the Democratic party of Japan , said .
" This has sent the wrong message to the entire world , and he should be sacked immediately .
He has damaged the national interest . "
Nakagawa 's appearance in Rome was punctuated by long pauses , garbled sentences and an apparently overwhelming desire for 40 winks .
" The G7 meetings ... which were officially held today ... started last night , " he told bemused members of the Japanese press corps .
" Something like a joint statement was issued , " he added , before making a mess of a question about monetary policy that had been directed at a visibly dismayed Bank of Japan governor , Masaaki Shirakawa .
" Interest rates , er , set by the Bank of Japan , are going up from zero to 0.25 % , " he said .
In fact , the bank lowered rates to 0.1 % in December .
Reports said Nakagawa had nodded off during a conference with G7 colleagues and appeared well refreshed during talks with the Russian finance minister , Alexei Kudrin .
The chief cabinet secretary , Takeo Kawamura , insisted Nakagawa had not been drunk .
" He told me he had caught a cold because of his busy schedule ahead of the G7 meeting , so I told him to take better care of himself , " he said .
But other Liberal Democratic party colleagues hinted that the hapless finance minister had been under the influence of more than cold medicine .
" He loves to drink , so I once told him to be careful about his drinking , " Yoshio Mori , a former prime minister , said in a TV interview .
In Nagatacho , the heart of Japanese political power , tales abound of Nakagawa 's capacity for alcohol .
He was criticised for being drunk during the 2000 election campaign , and derided for talking about " expenditure " when he meant " revenue " in an address to parliament last month .
His conduct at the G7 meeting could not have come at a worse time for Aso , whose poor handling of the economic crisis has seen his personal approval ratings sink to below 10 % .
The size of the task facing Japan was underlined today when new figures showed its economy had shrunk at the fastest rate since the 1974 oil shock and was heading for its deepest recession since the end of the war .
FEBRUARY 9 --" You cannot dial 911 ' cause you 're unhappy with your burger . "
That 's what a police operator told a Florida man early Saturday morning when he called 911 to complain about his order at a Burger King in Boynton Beach .
As can be heard on the below police recording , Jean Fortune , 66 , called 911 when a Burger King employee told him that they did not have lemonade .
Fortune told cops that he had placed an order for a # 7 combo meal ( chicken fries , French fries , and a soda for $ 4.49 ) while in the drive - thru line .
But when he got to the window , Fortune was told the fast food outlet did not have lemonade .
He was offered Coke , but Fortune decided instead to call police .
" Sir , come on .
I know you do n't seriously think that the police need to make Burger King give you food faster .
I cannot believe that , " said an exasperated 911 operator .
She also noted , " Customer service is not a reason to call 911 .
911 is if you 're dying .
Do you understand that ? "
Fortune was charged with abuse of 911 communications , according the Boynton Beach Police Department report .
Pictured above is the Burger King at which Fortune did not find lemonade .
( 1 page )
AUDIO : Click here to listen to Fortune 's 911 call .
Ron Suskind long ago reported that the torture of Abu Zubaydah gave us no intelligence worth anything .
The WaPo confirms that today .
Money quote :
In the end , though , not a single significant plot was foiled as a result of Abu Zubaida 's tortured confessions , according to former senior government officials who closely followed the interrogations .
Nearly all of the leads attained through the harsh measures quickly evaporated , while most of the useful information from Abu Zubaida -- chiefly names of al - Qaeda members and associates -- was obtained before waterboarding was introduced , they said .
Moreover , within weeks of his capture , U.S. officials had gained evidence that made clear they had misjudged Abu Zubaida .
. . .
None of [ their earlier claims ] was accurate , the new evidence showed .
Abu Zubaydah was not who president Bush wished he was .
Bush had declared him chief of operations for al Qaeda , but Zubaydah was far more peripheral .
But here 's the critical dynamic for the use of torture :
As weeks passed after the capture without significant new confessions , the Bush White House and some at the CIA became convinced that tougher measures had to be tried .
The pressure from upper levels of the government was " tremendous , " driven in part by the routine of daily meetings in which policymakers would press for updates , one official remembered .
" They could n't stand the idea that there was n't anything new , " the official said .
" They 'd say , ' You are n't working hard enough . '
There was both a disbelief in what he was saying and also a desire for retribution -- a feeling that ' He 's going to talk , and if he does n't talk , we 'll do whatever . ' "
This is the rabbit hole you disappear into once you bring torture into the equation .
Notice how very far this is from any ticking time - bomb scenario , the one routinely hauled out by Bush apologists .
Notice how revenge is never easily separated from intelligence - seeking when it comes to torture .
Notice the unintended consequences .
This particular torture led to the torture of another person , Jose Padilla , an American citizen who also turned out to be far less significant a figure than the Bush administration suspected .
It also led to dozens of false leads , wasted time , and bad information .
( Remember how the critical bad information that Saddam and al Qaeda were connected came from torture as well . )
Cheney and his apparatchiks continue to insist that they got reliable and vital information from these torture sessions , but they can never verify it :
Since 2006 , Senate intelligence committee members have pressed the CIA , in classified briefings , to provide examples of specific leads that were obtained from Abu Zubaida through the use of waterboarding and other methods , according to officials familiar with the requests .
The agency provided none , the officials said .
We sold our souls for lies .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The most inappropriate logo design in the history of the world .
Seriously .
This is an actual logo designed in 1973 for the Catholic Church ’s Archdiocesan Youth Commission .
In fact , it won an award from the Art Directors Club of Los Angeles and is shown in the 1974 ADLA Awards Annual .
It can also be found in the Design Archives of AIGA , “ the professional association for design . ”
We know it looks like a sick joke , but you can see it here for yourself .
We know the 70s were simpler times , gentler times , more innocent times .
But for God ’s sake , man , did no one in the Archdiocesan Youth Commission see anything wrong with this design ?
No one ?
John R. Moffett , the distinguished neuroscientist and managing editor of OPEDNEWS , has brought his considerable prestige to bear on the issue of whether the Twin Towers and WTC7 were destroyed by controlled demolition using the incendiary and sometimes explosive thermite as a key component .
Unfortunately , he has done so with either malicious incompetence , or worse , a cynical deliberate determination to distort , conceal , and suppress the findings of a recently published scientific article , " Active Thermitic Material Discovered in Dust from the 9/11 World Trade Center Catastrophe , " that dispositively proves the presence of unignited explosives in the WTC dust .
Neither motivation on Dr. Moffett 's part obviously recommends him for his post at OPEDNEWS .
I will first address Dr. Moffett 's smear http://www.opednews.com/articles/Was-it-Nanotech-Thermite--by-John-R-Moffett-090415-784.html , which was promoted to OPEDNEWS headline status on 4/15/2009 , then the importance of the thermitic dust .
If you think that 911 is n't your issue , you should pay close attention .
The evidence that first brought me around to considering 911 as a USG covert operation was the National Aeronautics and Science Administration 's ( NASA 's ) publication of a thermal survey taken September 16 , 2001 , that showed ground temperature hot spots of 1,100 and 1,400 degrees Fahrenheit .
Such temperatures are far too high to be produced by an open - air hydrocarbon fire except in very short bursts , but certainly not as an enduring after - effect .
Students of 911 have collected a vast array of evidence that temperatures at the WTC were generated far in excess of what normal hydrocarbon fires could produce .
The evidence includes eyewitness testimony of molten iron or steel weeks after the event , videos of orange molten metal pouring from the South Tower minutes before its destruction , and microspheres of once - molten iron in the dust examined by the United States Geological Survey forensics team ( without further comment or analysis ! ) .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
The importance of iron microspheres is simple .
Iron melts around 2,800 Fahrenheit , which is about twice the highest temperature that an open - air fire could produce .
A microsphere can only be produced by first melting iron , then dispersing the melted iron by some energetic means ( like explosion ) into an aerosol whose particles , influenced by the surface tension of the molten metal , form spheres as the smallest surface area required to contain any specified volume of matter .
Once again , as with the NASA thermal survey , an intense source of energy other than the WTC fires is required to melt iron or steel , as even the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) admitted in its reports .
The science is pretty simple ; only its political consequences are complicated , and troubling .
Thermite is simply a combination of aluminum and iron oxide , both in powdered form .
When heated to a certain temperature , the highly reactive aluminum steals the oxygen atoms from the iron oxide .
This chemical reaction releases intense heat in excess of 4,500 degrees Fahrenheit , hot enough to cut through steel , and produces molten iron as its reaction product .
The first scientist to investigate thermite as a key component of the WTC demolitions was Steven E. Jones , who was then in 2005 a tenured professor of physics at Brigham Young University with a specialization in muon - catalyzed fusion .
Jones was subsequently forced to resign because of his 911 research , but he continued his research independently .
Alas for Jones and the group of same - minded scientists who were persuaded by the evidence that thermite was involved , the thought that should have come first came considerably later : " No incendiary or explosive is likely to combust completely in an environment of massive collapse and disruption such as 911 , so if we are right , there ought to be both residue of and unexploded samples of thermite in the WTC dust .
We need to look at the dust . "
Jones first made a request for the dust in an online paper in the fall of 2006 and examined his first sample in June 2007 .
Better late than never .
Jones obtained five samples of the dust from concerned citizens who had collected it on or shortly after 911 .
Four of these people signed affidavits regarding the provenance of the dust .
The fifth was unwilling to do so , and though his sample contained the same materials as the others , it was not included in the specimens examined for the article .
One of the samples was collected ten minutes after the collapse of the first Tower , so was not possibly contaminated by the collapse of WTC7 later that afternoon , let alone the even later steel - cutting operations .
In another instance , Jones personally traveled to California to obtain in the presence of other scientists a second sample from a woman who had provided a sample by mail , thus assuring that no switch had occurred between mailing and receipt .
The provenance of the dust is not in doubt and can if necessary be compared with dust samples collected by official agencies that refused to analyze their contents .
All of the dust samples contained an abundance of iron - rich microspheres as well as a collection of tiny chips that were red on one side , gray on the other .
These red - gray chips were put in a Differential Scanning Calorimeter ( DSC ) , a device that slowly heats the chips and measures how much energy the chips emit or absorb at a given temperature .
The chips all ignited at 425 degrees Centigrade ( +/- 10 degrees ) and produced microspheres of molten iron , which is the reaction product of a thermitic reaction .
2Al + Fe 2 O 3 → Al 2 O 3 + 2Fe ( molten iron )
Just to make things clear , iron melts at 2,800 Fahrenheit , about 1538 oC , so the red - gray chips – as the paper itself makes abundantly clear – generated intense temperatures and are a manufactured incendiary ( with explosive potential ) .
To confirm this finding , the authors measured the energy density of the red - gray chips – the amount of energy generated per gram of material – and compared it to the energy density of a variety of explosives and incendiaries , including conventional thermite .
The energy density of the red - gray chips exceeds that of standard explosives like HMX and TNT .
The authors state :
It is striking that some of the red / gray chips release more energy in kJ /g than does ordinary thermite , as shown in the blue bar graphs above .
[ Their Figure 30 ]
That the energy density of the red - gray chips exceeded the energy density of conventional thermite was especially striking because only the red side of the chip contained the thermitic materials ; the gray material was essentially inert and did not contribute to the energy density , but diminished it .
This finding was one amongst many results that lead the authors to conclude that the red - gray chips probably contained nano - thermite , a kind of " super " thermite with ultra - fine particles of aluminum and iron - oxide .
The authors then subjected the iron - rich microspherical residue of the red - gray chips to X - ray energy dispersive spectroscopy ( XEDS ) to compare it with the profile of microspherical residue from known thermite combustions and found them to be virtually identical .
Additionally , both were virtually identical to the XEDS of microspheres found in the WTC dust itself , as reported in a previous paper , Jones SE , Farrer J , Jenkins GS , et al .
" Extremely high temperatures during the World Trade Center destruction . "
J 9/11 Studies 2008 ; 19 : 1 -11 .
http://www.journalof911studies.com/articles/WTCHighTemp2
As the principal author , chemist Niels H. Harrit , remarked in a 10 - minute appearance on Danish television , the paper is merely the keystone in an already well - constructed arch of evidence that the Towers and WTC7 were taken down by controlled demolition .
Unfortunately , Dr. Moffett has only pretended to review even the findings in this paper .
Not a single one of the facts that I have presented in this review of the " Active Thermitic Material " paper was presented in his review , and there are many more compelling findings that support the same conclusion with which this popular essay will not burden the reader .
Instead , Dr. Moffett has actively suppressed them and maligned them by comparing them to the wildly speculative and false claims of Judy Wood in both his title , " Was it Nanotech - Thermite or Phasers that took down the WTC ? " and his conclusions .
Ms. Wood has tried to peddle an entirely speculative and contrary - to - evidence fantasy of high - energy beams , phasers , destroying the Towers .
I am going to focus on the central deceit of Dr. Moffett 's article .
Dr. Moffett dismisses the notion of thermite as absurd and writes ,
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
March 9 , 2009
In an interview with the Financial Times , former Clintonite , CFR member , and Bilderberger Larry Summers said more “ public money ” needs to be pumped into the economy in order to lift the world out of recession .
The Obama administration has no choice but to take strong public action to “ save the market system from its own excesses , ” said Summers .
Top economic adviser for Obama , former Clintonite , CFR member , and Bilderberger Larry Summers .
According to Summers , the United States and other western nations need to live “ within their means ” in the long term , but in the short term they need to “ raise spending sharply , ” that is to say the bankers need additional infusions of tax - payer cash .
Appearing on Meet the Press in January , Summers said injecting more capital into the banks is the solution required to get the global economy moving .
However , as noted by an increasing number of economists , dumping more money on the bankers will do nothing for the overall economy .
The first banker bailout , rammed through Congress under the threat of martial law , went to banks and insurance companies in order “ to secure holders of bank bonds , the holders of credit default swaps guaranteed by investment banks and insurance companies and secure past and future excessive executive compensation paid by those banks and insurance companies , ” as John Olagues explained at the time .
[ efoods ]
Summers ’ call for “ strong public action , ” i.e. , saddling the public with more debt , has nothing to do with saving “ the market system from its own excesses . ”
It is a debt slavery scheme .
“ The bankers have discovered a way to force the people of America and the world into an intense form of debt slavery and that is the reason for their reckless past lending practices , credit cards for all and now this massive Wall Street Bankers Bail - Out , ” Olagues writes .
The globalist Larry Summers expects the American people — indeed , the people of all western nations — to pony up trillions more to the bankers without question .
Last year , we were told the bailout was designed to buy up toxic assets and allow the banks to get back into the business of loaning .
Henry Paulson lied to Congress and used the first $ 350 billion to buy preferred stock in banks and the banks used the money to buy up competitors , pay CEOs and take lavish vacations .
Bloomberg and Fox have sued the government in an effort to find out where all the money went , but the government feels that in an “ emergency ” situation it does n’t need to be accountable for its actions .
The Obama administration calls this “ transparency . ”
All of this borrowing and spending has nothing to do with assets or unfreezing lending .
It has to do with debt , the interest owed on debt , and expanding a government owned lock , stock and barrel by an international banking elite .
“ If you believe that bigger government will solve our troubles , borrowing more money will solve the quandary of too much debt , giving your tax dollars to the worst run banks and corporations is good policy , letting government choose the winners and losers in banking , autos , and energy is a good scheme , debasing the currency is a fine idea and allowing government agencies to monitor your conversations and emails makes you safer , then learn to Love Big Brother , ” instructs strategic planner James Quinn .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
But ' credit crunch ' does n't seem to scare state bosses in Uttar Pradesh , India , who have blown £ 225 million on a massive marble elephant sculpture .
Dubbed the new Taj Mahal , chief minister Kumari Mayawati has created a 20ft high statue of herself surrounded by giant elephants and gods in Lucknow , the state capital .
The crackpot politician , who hired a workforce of 3,350 to create the statue , says her inspiration came from her idols - Stalin and Saddam Hussein .
" I always feel that memorials should be built during the lifetime of icons , " she explained .
Mayawati and other leaders from her BSP party - founded to represent the country 's poorest citizens , the Daltis - will be surrounded by 70 huge elephants in the sculpture , due to be completed by the middle of 2010 .
Published online 9 March 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/458135a
News
Analysis offers fresh perspective on role of humanities and social sciences .
Click for larger image PLoS ONE
When users click from one page to another while looking through online scientific journals , they generate a chain of connections between things they think belong together .
Now a billion such ' clickstream events ' have been analysed by researchers to map these connections on a grand scale .
The work provides a fascinating snapshot of the web of interconnections between disciplines , which some data - mining experts believe reveals the degree to which work that is not often cited — including work in the social sciences and humanities — is widely consulted and can form bridges between scientific disciplines .
The creators of the maps argue that web - usage metrics give an alternative and more up - to - date view of science than existing maps and indicators , which are largely based on out - of - date citation data .
Other researchers agree that the new maps , published this week ( J. Bollen et al. PLoS ONE 4 , e4803 ; 2009 ) , are impressive in approach , but they disagree on their significance .
For the study , Johan Bollen and his colleagues at the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico negotiated access to anonymized server log data covering 35,000 journals from 2006 to 2007 .
The data came from the University of Texas , the California State University system , and major science journal gateways including Thomson Reuters ' Web of Science and Elsevier 's Scopus database .
Although data on usage rather than citations have been used in some past studies , the sheer scale of the new study makes it stand out , says Henk Moed , a bibliometry expert at the Centre for Science and Technology Studies at the University of Leiden in the Netherlands .
" The paper represents an important step forward . "
The data reveal how often users looking at an article in journal A moved on to an article in journal B , and on to one in journal C , and so on , during a browser session .
By aggregating hundreds of millions of such relationships , the researchers could use network - visualization algorithms to create maps based on the ' distances ' computed between journals and disciplines .
The broad structure of the maps is similar to those created using citation data : a network of clusters in different fields , within which journals have strong connections with one another but fewer links to other clusters .
A striking difference in the usage maps is that journals in the humanities and social sciences figure much more prominently than in citation - based maps .
Along with some journals in other fields , such as psychology and the environment , they also emerge as gateways between clusters that are otherwise poorly connected , and so act as key bridges between disciplines .
The difference partly arises because Bollen 's study covers a wider literature than the citation databases , which are biased towards natural sciences journals .
The journal ranking generated from the usage maps includes not just the usual suspects such as Nature , Science and Physical Review B , but also the Journal of Advanced Nursing and Environmental Health Perspectives .
That reflects a key difference between citation - and usage - based maps and metrics .
The former reflect citations by researchers who publish , but ignore the impact of papers on large swathes of the scientific and medical community who read and apply the literature in medical , commercial or policy practice but who rarely or never publish .
" Citation data may undervalue papers written in practitioner - based fields , such as reviews or syntheses in clinical medical journals that are widely read by practising physicians but not cited proportionally , " says Carl Bergstrom of the University of Washington in Seattle .
" By including practitioners we capture a much wider sample of the scholarly community , " adds Bollen .
Usage maps are also more up to date than citation ones because the inherent delay in publication means it takes at least two years before a paper will start to gather citations in sufficient numbers to be meaningful .
" The most exciting aspect is that they give us a different time - slice of the process of scientific discovery , " says Bergstrom .
ADVERTISEMENT
Others are less impressed .
Anthony van Raan , director of the Leiden Centre for Science and Technology Studies , argues that this more current view may in fact represent today 's " fashions " , rather than trends that will endure .
Faster online publishing means that papers are being cited faster than before , he argues .
He also questions the central position of the social sciences in the maps , and various aspects of the data - analysis techniques used .
Other experts say they have similar concerns , but are holding off from passing judgement until they can discuss the methodology with the paper 's authors .
But Bergstrom argues that usage and citation data each provide different but useful information on the impact of papers and journals .
" Usage data tell us where the net was cast ; citation data tell us where the fish were caught , " he says .
" If you want to understand the human enterprise of fishing , you had better know about both . "
Boss of private equity firm Permira gives staff dressing down after overhearing complaints about food at Michelin - starred restaurant
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Damon Buffini , who runs the private equity firm Permira , told partners in the company to be more grateful and made them eat burgers after they complained about the quality of food at a five - star hotel .
Buffini , a key business adviser to the prime minister , Gordon Brown , gave his colleagues a severe dressing down after overhearing complaints about the food at the Pennyhill Park Hotel in Bagshot , Surrey .
Buffini asked the kitchen to prepare burgers the following night and , as the partners tucked in , he told them they did not know " how lucky they were " .
Thousands of people in the financial industry have been sacked and many survivors will receive lower bonus payments this year .
The Michelin - starred restaurant at the hotel is used as a base for the England rugby union team and normally serves diners pan-fried John Dory fillets , braised shin of veal and buttered gem lettuce , cannon of salt marsh lamb with anchovy beignets , and slow - cooked pork belly , baby onions and tomato vinaigrette .
Buffini became the public face of the private equity industry - and a hate figure for the unions - when several large buyouts followed by job cuts led to a public outcry about " asset strippers " .
When Permira was joint owner of the AA motoring organisation , it sacked thousands of staff , and in 2006 , Buffini's Sunday prayers at Holy Trinity church in Clapham , south London , were disrupted by a union protest .
Members of GMB paraded a camel – a reference to the biblical saying : " It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God . "
Permira 's millionaire chairman , a regular churchgoer , was not born into wealth ; he was brought up on a council estate in Leicester by his mother .
Like other buyout firms , Permira - Europe 's largest private equity group - has been hit by the financial crisis , with one of its biggest investors recently cutting funding .
What credit crunch ?
While partners at Permira had to make do with burgers , others in the financial world still enjoy a less frugal lifestyle .
A London banker spent £ 43,067.50 on champagne and vodka at a Soho private members club on Wednesday night at a post Brit Awards party .
The man arrived at Maya with two men and two women and spent three hours buying drinks for other guests who gravitated towards his table .
Eight bottles of Cristal and two methuselahs of Dom Perignon , costing £ 9,000 each , were consumed along with four jeroboams of Belvedere vodka at £ 750 each and two more jeroboams of Cristal at £ 4,500 each .
At least the waitress , Anna , received a £ 5,617.50 tip .
Man 's body found in S.F.'s Lake Merced SAN FRANCISCO
A body is discovered by a kayaker and pulled from the weeds by Fire Rescue in Lake Merced on Sunday , March 15 , 2009 .
A body is discovered by a kayaker and pulled from the weeds by Fire Rescue in Lake Merced on Sunday , March 15 , 2009 .
Photo : Scot Tucker , The Chronicle Photo : Scot Tucker , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Man 's body found in S.F.'s Lake Merced 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
A man 's body was discovered in the reeds on the far east side of San Francisco 's Lake Merced on Sunday afternoon .
The body , spotted by a kayaker , was towed across the lake to a dock , then pulled out of the water by firefighters .
The age and race of the person and the cause of death were unknown Sunday evening .
The city medical examiner is expected to do an autopsy on the body today .
Police were not ruling out foul play .
" The body was quite bloated , but with the weather conditions , it is hard to know how long it has been here , " said San Francisco Police Capt .
Richard Corriea .
" There 's some story here , we just do n't know what it is . "
Corriea said the kayaker saw the body about 4 p.m. Sunday and called police .
The Fire Department handles water rescues and also was alerted .
Two men who were teaching dragon boating to high school students offered their help in pulling the body from the water .
Although the Fire Department has rescue watercraft , none is stored at Lake Merced , according to department Battalion Chief Lorrie Kalos .
But dragon boating teachers Colin Morneau and Nikhil Naidu were nearby with a boatful of high school students and pitched in .
After Morneau and Naidu dropped off their students , several firefighters piled into the dragon boat and rowed across the lake to the body .
" We were happy to help out ; someone had to do it , " Morneau said .
Once the body was located , firefighters tied a flotation device around the waist and clipped the device to the back of the dragon boat .
The body was towed all the way to the boat house on the far west side of the lake and removed from the water .
Kalos commended Morneau and Naidu for their help and said she would recommend them for Fire Department award certificates of merit .
They were also invited to Fire Station 19 for dinner .
" Their help made this recovery a lot easier , " said Kalos .
" We might have done it from the land side , but that would not have been as easy to do . "
Lucas has a discreet taxidermist who stuffed and mounted all of the Ewoks .
Apparently their outer coat of fur is easily removed with a naturally occurring zipper , but their inner “ skin- layer ” is more difficult .
Also midgets do n’t like being stuffed .
David Prowse , who portrayed Darth Vader ‘s torso and limbs in the original Star Wars trilogy , says he has never been paid residuals on “ Return of The Jedi “ because the film has never made a profit .
I ’m calling bantha shit .
Or at least space - shenanigans .
I ’m sure Deathstars are quite expensive , and I know the per diem rate for an Ewok wrangler is pretty high , but to say a film that cost $ 32 million and has made $ 475 million HASN ’T made a profit verges on space - madness .
Apparently this type of shaft - the - actor contract is n’t all that uncommon in Hollywood .
It ’s also standard practice to make sure a film stays in the red [ on paper ] indefinitely .
Maybe Prowse should have fought for a better contract , but seeing as how neither his face nor his voice actually appear in the film , it would have been pretty easy for Lucas to replace in with another gigantically huge actor ( it seems England is full of them ) .
I ’m sure Lucas will do right by Prowse eventually .
“ David , your checks all came in .
Their in the garbage masher on the detention level .
Just slide down this shoot … ”
QUESTION : What other expenses might Lucas have written off to keep “ Jedi ” from making any profit ?
Droid lube ?
400 cases of malt liquor ( per Dee Williams ’ contract rider ) .
Flanel polish ?
Reuters
IT IS a staple of television reports on war or famine : a windblown correspondent stands in front of a bedraggled refugee camp .
Misery and despair are etched on pinched faces .
“ And these ” , he solemnly intones , “ are the lucky ones . ”
For some 36,000 recent arrivals from Sri Lanka 's war zone to camps in the north - east , the cliché holds true .
They tell harrowing tales of escape from rebel - held territory , dodging artillery shells and bullets , before being evacuated to government - run camps .
The army says it has corralled the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam into a thin coastal strip and is approaching victory .
But the Tigers are not the only ones caught in the trap .
The International Committee of the Red Cross believes that up to 150,000 civilians are under fire and in desperate need of food , water , shelter and medical care .
The normally circumspect organisation is complaining loudly of an unfolding humanitarian catastrophe .
Around 2,000 of the worst - injured have been evacuated by ship — after an agonising selection process — but the pace is wretchedly slow .
A makeshift hospital in the war zone has just eight doctors and few drugs .
Many of the displaced Tamil civilians are huddled on a barren beach , awaiting rescue from what is supposed to be a government - designated “ safe zone ” .
In practice , it has come under fire .
India and other countries are calling for a pause in the fighting so that non-combatants can leave .
For their part , the Tigers have proposed a ceasefire as a prelude to peace talks .
Sri Lanka 's government has rebuffed all such appeals , saying diplomatic pressure should be applied to the murderous Tigers , who are holding refugees as human shields .
But on March 5th the government said it would open two “ safe routes ” to help trapped civilians escape overland .
The government still believes that victory is close at hand and that more civilians will soon be scampering to safety .
Many of Sri Lanka 's allies , including Western governments with vocal ethnic - Tamil lobbies , are probably praying for a quick rout .
One possible deadline for a victory declaration is Sri Lanka 's new year in April .
But any final push against the Tigers could end in a bloodbath .
Some aid workers are highly suspicious of a fudging of civilian numbers .
The government says only 70,000 people are at risk ; United Nations estimates run to 200,000 .
Sri Lanka 's 26 - year civil war is full of missing persons and massacres .
Who will count the dead when the guns fall silent ?
John Holmes , chief of the UN 's humanitarian operations , visited Sri Lanka and briefed the UN Security Council on February 27th about the fate of civilians .
He suggested creating a humanitarian corridor and cited “ strong evidence ” that the Tigers were preventing people from leaving .
Russia and Vietnam had at first objected to the discussion , arguing that it was a sovereign matter .
No action was taken by the council .
This frustrated some UN staffers in Sri Lanka , who gripe that such meekness plays into the hands of Sri Lanka 's bullying leaders .
International aid groups have also mostly stayed silent for fear of being branded as troublemakers and cut out of post - conflict reconstruction .
Those who do reach Vavuniya 's teeming refugee camps are in for the long haul .
The aid workers ' unvoiced fear is that these sites will become internment camps .
A showcase facility shown to reporters on an army - escorted visit had schools , health clinics , banks and a post office , as well as rows of barrack - style family housing for 2,800 people .
Many more displaced families have been crammed into squalid public buildings .
Officials say those in makeshift camps will soon be moved to “ welfare villages ” on a 1,000 - acre site under construction .
But , free of the hellish war zone , refugees are now in limbo , unable to go home until the army decides it is safe to do so .
No visitors are allowed , and soldiers patrol the dusty lanes , eyeing potential Tiger infiltrators .
“ We should be given more freedom , ” says Linga Devan , 54 , a farmer .
“ We 're in a terrible state . ”
Naturally , the foreign governments biting their tongues on the war are expected to pay for the camps and rebuilding the war - torn north .
Sri Lanka 's foreign reserves are running dangerously low , and an IMF bail - out is under discussion .
Donors might be expected to use their influence to insist on a pause in fighting and a stepped - up evacuation plan .
For trapped civilians , time is fast running out .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Citigroup Inc awarded Chief Executive Vikram Pandit $ 10.82 million of compensation in 2008 , a year when the government propped up the bank with $ 45 billion of capital .
Citigroup CEO Vikram Pandit pictured in Washington , February 11 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
Citigroup also nominated four new independent directors to bolster the banking and financial expertise on its board , including Anthony Santomero , 62 , a former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia .
The bank faces increased government pressure to right itself after more than $ 85 billion of writedowns and credit losses since the middle of 2007 .
Pandit said in February he will accept a $ 1 annual salary and no incentive pay until the bank is profitable .
His nearly $ 11 million of 2008 compensation included $ 7.73 million of sign - on and retention awards last January , the month after he took over .
“ If I were a shareholder , $ 11 million would be hard to justify for a year where the company ’s shares fell almost 80 percent , ” said Walter Todd , a portfolio manager at Greenwood Capital Associates LLC in Greenwood , South Carolina .
“ But if he signed a contract , I guess it ’s hard to argue . ”
In 2008 , the 52 - year - old Pandit was awarded a $ 958,333 salary , $ 9.84 million of stock and option awards and $ 16,193 of other compensation , according to a summary compensation table included in a Monday proxy filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission .
Some pay consultants and governance experts tabulate executive pay differently , saying the summary total may be imperfect because it counts options and stock as part of pay when they vest rather than when they are awarded .
The value of shares and options as recorded in the summary table of a company ’s proxy filing typically reflects their value at the time they were granted .
Their actual value now may be substantially lower , given that Citigroup ’s shares , for example , dropped nearly 80 percent last year .
Wall Street compensation has come under intense scrutiny , especially at banks that , like Citigroup , received money under the government ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program .
Citigroup got a $ 45 billion injection from TARP and the government agreed to share losses on $ 300.8 billion of troubled assets .
Pandit ’s compensation was higher than the $ 9.96 million that Bank of America Corp , which has also received $ 45 billion of TARP money , awarded its CEO , Kenneth Lewis .
NEW DIRECTORS
The other nominated directors are Jerry Grundhofer , 64 , a former CEO of U.S. Bancorp ; Michael O’Neill , 62 , a former CEO of Bank of Hawaii Corp and chief financial officer of a Bank of America predecessor ; and William Thompson , 63 , a former co-CEO of bond fund manager Pacific Investment Management Co .
If the nominations are approved , Citigroup ’s board would have 14 members .
Three of its 15 current members are not standing for reelection and two have reached retirement age .
“ Hopefully , this will provide better oversight , ” said Marshall Front , chairman of Front Barnett Associates LLC in Chicago , which invests $ 500 million .
“ The board had to become more knowledgeable , rather than the prior board , which was largely a rubber stamp for management . ”
The three directors stepping down are former Citigroup senior counselor and U.S. Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin ; former Chairman Sir Win Bischoff ; and Roberto Hernandez Ramirez , who chairs Citigroup ’s Mexican unit Banamex .
Kenneth Derr and Franklin Thomas are leaving because of the retirement age .
Richard Parsons , Citigroup ’s chairman , is the bank ’s only outside director with top - level financial services experience , having once run Dime Savings Bank of New York .
He is better known as Time Warner Inc ’s former CEO .
Shareholders are expected to vote on the director nominations at Citigroup ’s annual meeting on April 21 .
In afternoon trading , Citigroup shares were up 73 cents , or 41 percent , at $ 2.51 on the New York Stock Exchange .
The shares bottomed at 97 cents on March 5 .
I 'd like to kiss whoever at Apple decided to do this : today 's free iTunes " discovery download " is the first movement of avant - garde composer John Cage 's 4'33 " , which is to say , it 's 1:46 of nothing .
Advertisement
More performance art / zen seance than actual music , 4'33 " is intended to emphasize those critical moments of nothingness in music by being composed of only that nothingness .
The piece becomes whatever background sounds are present during a performance , making it probably the truest expression of Cage 's " everything is music " milieu .
And if you think downloading the piece from iTunes is more on the absurd side , check out this live performance , complete with full orchestra ( turning blank pages ) and audience .
After each movement , the coughing , the coughing .
Great stuff .
Advertisement
And this , clearly , is a performance John Cage would never have conceived of when he created the piece in the 1950s , but one he would enjoy very , very much , I think :
Whether Cage would be happy he was made the butt of what appears to be an April Fool 's Day joke though is another matter .
[ iTunes via MacUser ]
“ You wo n’t believe it , until you see it ”
A STEM cell therapy offering “ natural ” breast enlargement is to be made available to British women for the first time .
The treatment could boost cup size while reducing stomach fat .
It involves extracting stem cells from spare fat on the stomach or thighs and growing them in a woman ’s breasts .
An increase of one cup size is likely , with the potential for larger gains as the technique improves .
A trial has already started in Britain to use stem cells to repair the breasts of women who have had cancerous lumps removed .
A separate project is understood to be the first in Britain to use the new technique on healthy women seeking breast enlargement .
Professor Kefah Mokbel , a consultant breast surgeon at the London Breast Institute at the Princess Grace hospital , who is in charge of the project , will treat 10 patients from May .
He predicts private patients will be able to pay for the procedure within six months at a cost of about £ 6,500 .
“ This is a very exciting advance in breast surgery , ” said Mokbel .
“ They [ breasts treated with stem cells ] feel more natural because this tissue has the same softness as the rest of the breast . ”
He said the treatment offered the potential of considerable improvement on implants : “ Implants are a foreign body .
They are associated with long - term complications and require replacement .
They can also leak and cause scarring . ”
Although the stem cell technique will restore volume , it will not provide firmness and uplift .
Mokbel believes the stem cell treatment may be suitable only for modest increases in breast size , but will conduct research to find out whether larger augmentations can be achieved : “ We are optimistic we can easily achieve an increase of one cup size .
We can not say yet if we can achieve more .
That may depend on the stem cells we can harvest . ”
The cells will be isolated from a woman ’s spare fat , once it has been extracted from her thighs or stomach , using equipment owned by GE Healthcare , a technology company .
The concentrated stem cells will then be mixed with another batch of fat before being injected into the breast .
It takes several months for the breast to achieve the desired size and shape .
Until now , when fat was transplanted to the breast without extra stem cells , surgeons had difficulty maintaining a blood supply to the new tissue .
Surgeons believe the double concentration of stem cells under this technique promotes the growth of blood vessels to ensure a sufficient blood supply circulates to the transplanted fat .
The same technique has been used in Japan for six years , initially to treat women with breast deformities caused by cancer treatment and , more recently , for cosmetic breast augmentation in healthy women .
Mokbel is confident the therapy is safe and that , after carrying out about 30 procedures , the London Breast Institute will be able to offer the procedure to private patients .
The use of stem cells in healthy women undergoing cosmetic surgery is controversial .
Medical bodies have warned that the breast enlargements should not be offered to healthy women until large - scale trials in cancer patients have shown that the new technology is safe and effective .
The treatment is not yet routinely available to women solely for cosmetic purposes .
Eva Weiler - Mithoff , a consultant plastic surgeon at Canniesburn hospital in Glasgow , is leading the British arm of a European trial of stem cell therapy for women who have been left with breast deformities following removal of cancerous lumps .
So far more than a dozen British cancer patients have been treated and Weiler - Mithoff is impressed with the results .
She does not believe this justifies offering the treatment to healthy women , however .
She said that while breast cancer patients regularly attend follow - up appointments , young women who have had cosmetic surgery are less likely to do so and complications could be missed .
Via Times Online
Considering the success of the TV with no power button and the engineless car , it was no surprise to see Tiny House sell so well despite the crisis in the housing market .
—
Hey everybody !
Remember those Buttersafe characters made 3D via the game Spore ?
Well , the man known as Japeth ( the guy who made the previous two ) has struck again , this time gracing us with three more beautifully rendered Buttersafe characters for your viewing pleasure !
Let us begin :
– Destructive Neighbor –
He means business with his thick upper body and long arms that taper to destructive stubs .
He ’s got a lovable smile , though , which lets you forget that he just destroyed your house and your family inside .
– Big Glasses – Observe his silly walk and dance .
He so silly .
– Demonic Mole –
The creepiest of the bunch , Demonic Mole floats through the galaxy , accompanied only by the eerie hum of dead space .
He hopes to find a planet made entirely of skin , after which he ’ll meet another mole ( or birthmark ) , settle down , and live happily ever after .
The End .
We hope you guys enjoyed those !
Only a little more than a month ’ til Buttersafe Expo 2009 !
- Ray
The first solution to bridging the gap between The Two Worlds of Perl Deployment is to segregate system Perl paths and application paths .
As Zbigniew Łukasiak mentioned , one fine way to do this on your own is with the local : : lib CPAN module .
The second part of the solution addresses a more subtle problem .
Language Feature Freeze
What would happen if you added a new method to Perl 's UNIVERSAL package ?
I 've run into that .
I added the DOES ( ) method , which went into Perl 5.10 .
Though isa( ) and can ( ) already existed , with lower - case names , the pumpking argued that the possibility of a collision user - code which itself defined a does ( ) method anywhere was too great to ignore .
Thus the official way to check that a class or object performs a named role in Perl 5.10 is $ invocant -> DOES ( ' role name ' ) ; .
What would happen if you added a new keyword to Perl ?
I proposed a patch to do just that , adding a class keyword to Perl 5 .
The patch is in limbo , even though it has tests and adds a nice new feature backported from Perl 6 and does not interfere with the existing test suite .
Of course , even if the patch ever were applied , you 'd still have to enable the feature explicitly with use feature ' class ' ; or use 5.012 ; or even my own use Modern : : Perl ; .
That 's right : you do n't get simple , declarative , compile - time class declarations in Perl 5 by default .
You must explicitly request that the language help you .
That does n't seem very Perlish to me , either .
Why is this a problem ?
What if someone from the " Must Never Change , Darnit ! " camp wrote a Perl program in 1993 that needs to run , unmodified , today on Perl 5.10 ( or 5.11 or 5.12 ) ?
What if that code defined a class function ?
( I hate writing parsers , but I 'm decent enough at them that it only matters if that function has a prototype which makes it take a single function reference . )
The stars just might align such that a sixteen year old program might behave differently under a modern version of Perl .
In other words , a modern version of Perl now , by default , behaves syntax - wise like a version of Perl released fifteen years ago .
I exaggerate slightly -- the our keyword is relatively new ( only nine years old ) .
Old By Default is Wrong
The feature pragma exists so that you can enable new features in code which uses them .
This is great if you do n't want to touch code you wrote in 1993 , but it can be a little tedious if you want the compiler to warn you about typos in variable names ( a feature from around 1994 ) , enable warnings about dubious constructs in specific lexical scopes ( a feature from 2000 ) , and so on .
The problem with the feature pragma is that it 's exactly backwards .
It freezes Perl 's feature set to that of around July 2002 ( give or take ) .
Anything added in the past nearly seven years gets lumped into an alphabet soup of features you must explicitly enable .
If you do n't know that magic incantation , you do n't get that feature .
If you want to explain how to use modern Perl to a Perl novice , you have to deal with a big block of magic code they wo n't understand yet .
So much for only essential complexity .
Remember that the goal is to ensure that code written before a feature was available even when running on a version of Perl which includes that feature .
A better alternative is to have feature limit the features you use .
That is , a program written in 2002 for Perl 5.8.0 should specify that it uses only those features available in 5.8.0 .
That is , any code explicitly , declaratively , and lexically identifies the specific set of behavior it expects Perl to provide .
Any code without such a declaration uses the default set of behaviors from the running version of Perl : by default , everything new .
I realize that this may require editing old code , but the problem 's not nearly as bad as people make it sound .
It wo n't affect most programs .
The feature pragma currently enables only a handful of features .
I can't search the DarkPAN to verify this , but I believe the chance of collisions is small .
It also likely only affects programs running on Perl 5.12 , as that 's the first Perl version likely to include this .
The benefits are , to me , compelling .
Couple this with library path segregation , and Perl 5 becomes much more robust in the face of CPAN installations and OS upgrades .
Modern features are available to everyone , and not just the elite who understand how to enable them .
Backwards compatiblity and future proofing becomes a declarative exercise in defensive programming .
What 's not to like ?
On March 11th , the world heard about a new breakthrough in lithium - ion battery technology .
Researchers Gerbrand Ceder and Byoungwoo Kang created a new technique that gives lithium - ion batteries a 100 fold increase in power density .
These new batteries when moved from lab to factory could allow charging at 100 times the speed and release of 100 times the power of batteries in use today .
This technology may apply well to small batteries such as those in a cellphone that one could charge in 10 seconds using typical household current .
To recharge an electric car using such a battery at maximum rate , though potentially only taking 5 minutes , would require much more massive currents than whats found in the typical household .
But it could enable the possibility of rapid public charging stations .
In general , electric vehicles ( EV ) need batteries with high energy density so that they are light and compact and can store many miles worth of driving energy .
Power density is also needed to a lesser extent to release sufficient bursts of energy for acceleration and hill - climbing .
Hybrid ( HEVs ) batteries need better power density to assist the gas engine in high power situations , but energy density is less important .
Thus , an automotive battery is usually described in terms of power to energy ratios .
A high PE is good for HEVs , EV requirements are lowest , and PHEVs are in between .
GE automotive battery expert Herman Weigman told GM - Volt.com of this new breakthrough " a battery of such high power density is only of interest to HEV's ( and military pulse power applications ) , where you need to install power capability over a 1~30 second time frame . "
He was less enthusiastic about its use in EVs noting " an EV is only interested in Energy Density ( Wh/ kg and Wh / Liter ) and the cost of that energy ( $ / kWh ) ... they will never use the ( new ) technology .
" I was able to obtain a very brief Q & A with Byoungwoo Kang , the key MIT scientist who created the breakthrough battery :
Our development is related to increase power density , not energy density .
The energy density of our material is similar with standard LiFePO4 batteries .
Under Lab conditions , we tested the cell for at least 100 cycles .
At that time , there was no capacity fading .
Our strategy sharply increased the power density of the LiFePO4 .
Also , LiFePO4 has great thermal stability ( No Explosion ) .
These properties makes our material more likely feasible for HEV or EV .
However , if you see these two properties are more important than others like energy density , our materials can ( be used ) for portable devices .
Barack Obama rests his hand on President Lincoln 's Inaugural Bible as Michelle holds it as he takes the oath of office .
Culture of conspiracy : the Birthers
Bill Clinton had the Vince Foster " murder . "
George W. Bush had 9/11 Truth .
And the new administration has brought with it a new culture of conspiracy : The Birthers .
Out of the gaze of the mainstream and even the conservative media is a flourishing culture of advocates , theorists and lawyers , all devoted to proving that Barack Obama is n't eligible to be president of the United States .
Viewed as irrelevant by the White House , and as embarrassing by much of the Republican Party , the subculture still thrives from the conservative website WorldNetDaily , which claims that some 300,000 people have signed a petition demanding more information on Obama 's birth , to Cullman , Alabama , where Sen .
Richard Shelby took a question on the subject at a town hall meeting last week .
Advertisement
Their confinement to the fringe has n't cooled the passion of believers ; the obscure New York preacher James Manning turned up at a National Press Club session in December to declare the president " the most notorious criminal in the history not just of America , but of this entire planet . "
A quick reality check , before we dive in :
The challenges to Obama 's eligibility have no grounding in evidence .
Courts across the country have summarily rejected the movement 's theory — that Obama can't be a citizen because his father was n't — as a misreading of U.S. law ; and Hawaii officials , along with contemporary birth announcements , affirm that Obama was in fact born in Honolulu in 1961 .
But belief in obscure , discredited theories is a constant in a country with a history of partisan division — a country in which , a recent survey showed , 34 percent of the public believes in UFOs and 24 percent believes in witches ..
But the thriving birth - obsessed fringe also poses political risks and opportunities for the Obama White House , coming as it does after a campaign that devoted a substantial effort to rebutting another , now fading , myth — that Obama is a Muslim who would insist on being sworn in on the Koran .
The risk , of course , is the growth of a segment of the population , however small , that views the president as illegitimate .
" Some individuals and groups who are opposed to Obama 's presidency want an ' acceptable ' reason to cite to convince other individuals and groups who might be on the fence to join in their way of thinking , " said Patricia Turner , who studies rumors at the University of California , Davis .
" The notion that his presidency is actually in violation of the Constitution has a fundamentally patriotic appeal . "
The opportunity for the White House ?
It 's one of which some conservatives are sharply aware — that the Birthers may discredit Obama 's more mainstream enemies .
" At some level , they 're not that bad to have around because it reminds people that under the mainstream conservative press there 's this bubbling up of really irrational hatred for the guy , " said former Clinton White House press secretary Jake Siewert .
Siewert recalled that his predecessor , Mike McCurry , sometimes deliberately called on a conservative radio host , Lester Kinsolving , just to undercut more mainstream criticism of the president .
" He would let them ask a question specifically to take the heat off the more legitimate line of questioning , maybe , and remind people that there were people out there who really had some wacko views , " Siewert recalled .
Conservatives see that hazard .
The conservative talk show host Michael Medved recently referred to the movement 's leaders as " crazy , nutburger , demagogue , money - hungry , exploitative , irresponsible , filthy conservative imposters " who are " the worst enemy of the conservative movement . "
" It makes us look weird .
It makes us look crazy .
It makes us look demented .
It makes us look sick , troubled , and not suitable for civilized company , " he mourned .
One of the lead anti-Obama lawyers , Orly Taitz , a California dentist with a degree from an online law school , promptly threatened to sue Medved for defamation .
Taitz , whose clients include soldiers challenging Obama 's citizenship , has called on her blog 's readers to " fight these communist Nazi thugs and hoodlums that took over our government , " and told POLITICO that the wide refusal to take her case seriously is " totalitarian . "
The White House is , presently , ignoring the birth certificate questions , having released an official copy of the Hawaii certificate during the presidential campaign .
The press aide once tasked with quashing viral rumors , Ben LaBolt , no longer follows the fringe .
But lawyers for the Democratic National Committee and for Obama have been steadily batting down a stream of lawsuits , winning motions to dismiss the suits in courts from Pennsylvania to Hawaii , from the state level to the United States Supreme Court .
To believers , the legal engagement itself is evidence that something 's afoot .
" [ Obama ] is spending hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of dollars to keep this information from getting out , " said Gary Kreep , the lawyer representing former presidential candidate Alan Keyes , who sued Obama in California to prevent the state from certifying its election results .
Keyes recently called the citizenship issue " the greatest crisis this nation has ever seen " and warned of " chaos , confusion and civil war . "
Kreep has been battling Obama 's California lawyer , Fredric Woocher , to release the president 's records from Occidental College on the theory that they might provide information about his citizenship .
Woocher has threatened to seek sanctions against Kreep for pursuing the case .
" This suit , like all of the others that have been filed challenging Obama 's qualifications for the Presidency , is frivolous , " he said in an email to POLITICO , adding that he is , in fact , working pro bono .
" There is absolutely no truth to the stories about the untold millions supposedly being paid to us , " he said .
Most of the lawsuits seek documents and express dissatisfaction with the State of Hawaii 's refusal to release for public inspection Obama 's original birth certificate rather than the notarized copy typically issued .
The state 's governor , Linda Lingle , has attested to the authenticity of the birth certificate , and Hawaii law forbids its release ; Kreep blamed Democratic control of Hawaii for the refusal to release it .
( Lingle is a Republican . )
The suits share a vague , underlying notion that Obama must be some sort of foreigner , probably Kenyan , Indonesian or British , though none have any evidence or a coherent narrative to support the claim .
Some argue that while Obama was born in the United States , the fact that his father was a British subject should rule him out - an interpretation that may also , inconveniently , have made President Chester Arthur ineligible to serve , and which goes against long - settled law that American citizenship is conferred by birth in the United States .
Others imagine that Obama was smuggled into the country as an infant , a claim contradicted by state records and contemporaneous birth announcements in two Honolulu papers .
The movement has also faced internal divisions .
Kreep , a well - known conservative litigator , expressed some discomfort with his main East Coast counterpart , Phil Berg , a former Pennsylvania prosecutor who has also sued President George W. Bush to claim that he was complicit in the September 11 attacks .
" I do n't ascribe to all his theories about 9/11 and all that , " Kreep said of Berg .
The movement has its occasional moments in the sun .
When Cliff Kincaid of Accuracy in Media hinted darkly at citizenship questions at the Conservative Political Action Conference , he was loudly applauded , and the clip of his speech circulated with equal speed among birth certificate theorists and liberal activists .
David Emery , an expert on urban legends who writes for About.com , said the citizenship rumor has been fueled by an unusually " deep well of revulsion toward Barack Obama himself , and rage . "
" Thanks to the relentless agitation of the conspiracy theorists and the sheer quantity of hypothetical scenarios and legal arguments floating around , they 've clearly succeeded in planting unreasonable doubts in reasonable people 's minds , " he said .
But , ignored by the left and the mainstream media and dismissed by the courts , the citizenshp movement find its bitterest disappointments coming from the right .
" Untold numbers of people have asked us to look into it , " said Tom Fitton , the president of Judicial Watch , which recently sued to block Hillary Clinton , on technical grounds connected to her Senate seat , from taking the position of secretary of state .
" When we sued over Hillary ineligibility there were a lot of folks saying , ' Why were n't you suing over Obama 's ineligibility ? ' " he said ..
Fitton said he had n't " seen any credible evidence Barack Obama is not a U.S. citizen eligible for the presidency . "
" If people understood better what the law is , I do n't think they'd be as concerned as they are , " he said .
Others have been less polite .
Conservative bloggers regularly mock the " Birthers , " as they 're dismissively known , just as liberal blogs like DailyKos purged the 9/11 " Truthers " from their ranks in the Bush years .
The conspiracy theorists are " embarrassing and destructive " the conservative activist David Horowitz wrote recently .
Even Kreep , who was the toast of the conservative movement for representing the anti-immigration Minuteman Civil Defense Corps , has found the work a bit thankless .
" They say , ' Get a life , ' " he said of his fellow conservatives , " he said .
Meanwhile , the Birthers ' persistence has prompted another , competing conspiracy theory on the right .
" I 'm not a conspiracist , but this could be a very big conspiracy to make conservatives disgrace themselves , " Medved said .
The British Identity and Passport Service ( IPS ) has spent £ 4.7 bn ( $ 6.6 bn ) on its new biometric ID card system .
But it has not established a timeline for a card - reader rollout .
Without the necessary card readers , the biometric information such as fingerprint scans stored in the cards is inaccessible and therefore useless for ID verification .
In a statement released on January 29 , the IPS reiterated its schedule for releasing the cards , beginning with over 50,000 foreign nationals by this April , then airport workers in the fall of 2009 , and leading up to full availability in 2011 and 2012 " to the wider population on an entirely voluntary basis . "
But Silicon.com reports that no police stations , border entry points , or job centres are equipped to actually read the cards .
And IPS planning documents make no mention of card readers .
When Silicon.com talked with Identity minister Meg Hillier about the cards , she told them that the biometric information was a " vital part " of the ID system .
But only if you can read the fingerprint information .
The card readers are n't ready .
And they wo n't be for some time .
To be fair - actually , to bend over backwards being fair - we note that Hiller told Silicon.com that " We have always said that we would roll out the scheme incrementally . "
But there 's a difference between an incremental roll - out and an unplanned one .
According to Hiller , " There 's no prospect in the immediate future for the government directing anybody that you have to buy those things [ readers ] because we would be placing a burden on these organisations .
" The manufacturers of the machines have also got to decide whether it is worth their while to produce them . "
And without card readers , British citizens will need to decide whether it is worth their while to acquire the cards .
" On an entirely voluntary basis , " of course . ®
Barely two months after a huge recall of peanut - related products , federal officials said late Monday that a California processor would recall about one million pounds of pistachio products because of concerns about salmonella contamination .
The company , Setton Pistachio of Terra Bella , based in Terra Bella , Calif. , decided to recall its 2008 crop after one of its customers , Kraft Foods , found several types of salmonella during routine analysis of the product .
Kraft Foods alerted the Food and Drug Administration of its findings on March 24 .
So far , no illnesses have been tied to the contaminated pistachios , though authorities were investigating at least two consumer complaints .
F.D.A. officials warned consumers not to eat pistachios until the scope of the contamination was clear .
The pistachios were sent in 1,000 - or 2,000 - pound bags to about three dozen wholesalers , who repackaged them and resold them to other customers , said Dr. David Acheson , the F.D.A. ’s associate commissioner for foods .
As a result , authorities said the recall was likely to expand as the pistachios were traced to processed foods like ice cream and cake mixes .
Claims lack of jurisdiction to order retention of ballots from 2006 election , even if counting them might reveal results were ' rigged '
Opponents of counting argue ballots should now be destroyed ...
David Safier Byon 2/4/2009 , 2:35 pm PT
Guest Blogged by David Safier of Blog for Arizona
If a judge ’s ruling in Pima County , Arizona , stands , ballots from the long - contested 2006 Regional Transit Authority ( RTA ) election will be destroyed , and there will never be a definitive answer as to whether or not the election may have been rigged , as critics have charged .
It ’s too late for the actual results of the election to be changed , but knowing whether the election was tampered with is critical to guaranteeing the integrity of future elections , according to local Election Integrity advocates who won a landmark lawsuit , resulting in the unprecedented release of terrabytes of Diebold databases .
The databases , containing information on how voters voted , were found by the judge in the suit , to be public records .
Yet , the same people who ran the '06 RTA election are still in charge of elections in Pima County , and the same election software is still in place .
If one election was rigged , there is little stopping them from rigging others in the future .
The RTA bond measure was reportedly passed by voters in 2006 , but Pima County Democrats and Libertarians believe there is substantial evidence the measure actually went down and the results were flipped in the vote counting computer .
The optical - scan paper ballots themselves have never actually been counted .
They ’re sitting in sealed boxes in the County Treasurer ’s office , and may soon be destroyed .
The Democrats and Libertarians went to court last month , asking the judge to save the ballots , so they may actually be counted in the future .
In his ruling , however , Judge Charles Harrington 's claims he has no jurisdiction in the matter ...
Attorney Bill Risner , a veteran of many election integrity battles ( he won the earlier case that resulted in the election databases being released to the political parties ) , argued the case for saving the ballots .
Because Arizona law says an election has to be challenged within five days , he did n’t ask that the RTA measure be overturned if the ballots show the results were rigged .
He knows the results will stand even if there is absolute proof of election tabulation fraud .
Instead , Risner argued that the reason to save , then count the ballots is to provide " prospective relief for the next election . "
If fraud is discovered , he noted , the county will be forced to create more intensive safeguards in its elections division .
Three groups are opposing the Democrats and Libertarians : Pima County , which is in charge of the elections ; the County Treasurer , who has the ballots in her possession ; and the County Republican Party , which for some reason believes it has a stake in making sure the ballots are destroyed .
Risner said the court should begin with the assumption that the election was rigged and counting the ballots would reveal the fraud .
That would make it the court ’s duty , he argued , to rule that the ballots are saved so the rigging , if it occurred , can be uncovered .
The County ’s attorney argued that , even if the RTA election was rigged , enough safeguards have been put into place in the past two years that it can never happen again .
( While it ’s true that the Democratic Party ’s Election Integrity Committee worked with the County to create procedures to protect the ballots and the transmission of votes from the polling booths to the vote counting computer , none of the procedures would stop an election from being stolen if election officials are intent on rigging the results in the final computer vote count . )
A truly bizarre argument came from the Treasurer ’s attorney , who said , if the election were rigged , we ’re better off not knowing the truth , since that would destroy the credibility of the work being done with the RTA bond money .
" It ’s inappropriate to do something that would have such a dramatic effect , " he said .
Even though the Republican ’s lawyer is n’t scheduled to present arguments until a court date in late February , the judge made his decision , asserting that he has no jurisdiction over the matter .
Risner plans to file a motion to reconsider with the judge .
If that is n’t successful , he plans to appeal the judge ’s decision and will ask that the ballots be preserved pending the appeal .
A few interesting wrinkles to the story :
The Democratic Party supported the RTA bond measure , so the party 's quest to count the ballots has nothing to do with wanting the measure overturned .
Though Pima County has plenty of lawyers of its own , it hired outside lawyers for the County and the Treasurer to argue the case .
Risner believes the reason is , the county lawyers may know things that would make it difficult for them to argue for destruction of the ballots .
" The County Attorney ’s office ... wants to get separation from the matter , " he said .
The State Attorney General has an open criminal investigation on the RTA elections , and he can demand that the ballots be counted at any time , though he has remained silent on the counting issue .
That ’s one reason
Risner thinks the judge does n't want to touch the issue of the ballots .
" Judges view political cases as a hot rock , " Risner said .
" They really want to hand it to someone else . " ( Risner and other local EI advocates are seen confronting AG Terry Goddard about that , at a public meeting , in this video . )
) John Brakey , head of Arizona ’s election watchdog group Audit AZ , who has worked closely with Risner and with the County Democratic Party , has nothing but praise for the work Risner has done and continues to do .
" Because of Bill , " Brakey said , " we ’re looking at issues no one else in the country has been able to look at . "
WASHINGTON , Feb. 25 ( UPI ) --
The dispatch of the U.S. nuclear - powered aircraft carrier USS Dwight D. Eisenhower to combat the pirates operating in the Gulf of Aden is an ideal role for the enormous 80,000 - ton plus warship .
At first glance , deploying the Eisenhower may seem like using an enormous and extremely expensive hammer to crack open a nut .
But it makes cost - effective sense in a lot of ways .
Advertisement
First , throughout the history of warfare , the ideal strategy has been to deploy and use overwhelming force to crush an enemy with zero or minimal risk of casualties to one 's own side .
Second , the Somalia - based pirates who have been infesting the Gulf of Aden off the Horn of Africa use extremely fast speedboats in which they can easily outpace the fastest conventional warships such as frigates and destroyers that the Russian , Indian and Chinese navies already have dispatched to project their power , show the flag and protect their own shipping in those waters .
That means that any kind of conventional surface fleets can do no more than protect a limited number of vessels in the Gulf of Aden , one of the world 's most important waterways for the shipment of oil from the Middle East all around the world .
But the one weapons system those speedboats cannot outpace is aircraft .
And that 's where aircraft carrier battle groups come in .
Furthermore , no other country in the world deploys colossal aircraft carriers powered by nuclear reactors as the United States does .
The gigantic flight deck of the Eisenhower , therefore , can launch a far larger number of aircraft than the much smaller carriers of nations like Britain , France and Spain can do .
This is especially important in protecting the shipping in the Gulf of Aden .
For , unlike the far more circumscribed waters of the Persian Gulf or the Red Sea or the Strait of Malacca , the Gulf of Aden is an enormous expanse of ocean 7.5 million square miles in area .
A handful of reconnaissance aircraft or patrolling combat planes from a much smaller carrier could not possibly cover that entire vastness and be deployed to be able to react within a few minutes to reports of any pirate attack .
By contrast , the combat aircraft of the Eisenhower will be sufficient in number to fly regular patrols far more often and intensively over the areas of maximum risk .
Their deterrent effect on the pirates therefore will be correspondingly greater .
It is certainly true that U.S. aircraft carrier battle groups are enormously expensive to maintain and operate , but since they are operating anyway , the additional cost of deploying any of them in the Gulf of Aden region will be insignificant as they would be doing something else anyway .
And the operations of the Eisenhower will send an enormously potent message to the oil - producing nations of the Middle East and the major industrialized nations of the world :
Even in times of economic crisis , no other armed force or navy in the world can do what the U.S.
Navy can do in maintaining the security of the world 's most vital oil export lanes .
Fleets of diesel - electric submarines , such as China and India are developing , cannot protect oil tankers or other cargo ships from the depredations of modern pirates operating in fast speedboats .
Nor can nuclear - powered submarines armed with ballistic missiles such as Russia , China , Britain and France all operate .
Only large aircraft carriers with the ability to remain on operational station for months at a time can fulfill that role and offer the level of protection that major industrialized nations desperately need in their insatiable hunger for oil .
And only the U.S. Navy with its giant nuclear - powered supercarriers can still offer that kind of capability .
That makes them an excellent continuing strategic investment .
--
( Part 3 : The vulnerabilities of U.S. supercarriers )
You ’ve waited since 2005 for Killzone 2 , almost 4 years , and now it ’s finally ( or at least , nearly ) here .
So when you get your shiny shrinkwrapped copy home , do n’t just fling it in the PS3 , hammer the Start button and dive into the online , relax , soak up the atmosphere and make the most of this monumental occasion , there wo n’t be another like it for years …
Killzone 2 is created by wizards : there ’s almost no load times , no initial install and no waiting for Trophies to cache , you ’re straight onto the attract screen in seconds .
It might seem obvious , but do n’t just press Start when you get there : leave the PS3 alone , grab a cup of tea and watch the various looping movies to get yourself in the mood .
Every single one of them will be leaps and bounds beyond anything you ’ve seen on YouTube .
When you ’re ready , head straight for the controls option .
Unless you want a learning curve steeper than Everest , you ’ll want to make some adjustments to the default control settings which will immediately make you feel more at home .
No , this is n’t us trying to emulate Call of Duty ’s mapping , but the out - of - the - box options are needlessly tricky to use .
Our tip : invert Y , ramp the sensitivities up ( aiming is a little slower in KZ2 ) and ensure zoom is set to hold .
Then pick “ Alternate 2 ” – fire and grenade are still on the R1 and R2 buttons , but zoom and crouch , which you ’ll use a lot more than Guerilla seem to think , are much better suited to L1 and L2 .
Almost everything else is the same , with close quarter combat sensibly re-routed to a push of the analog stick .
Next , go to the visual settings .
Flip the crosshair off and switch off the subs , unless you ’re hard of hearing – they get in the way and ruin the atmosphere , plus half the script is swearing anyway .
Finally , ensure your gamma settings are correct and the game is n’t too bright or too dark , you ’ll thank us later when you ’re totally immersed in the wonderful lighting effects .
Until you shoot a lamp , mind , but we ’ll save critique for the review .
Finally , jump into a quick 16 player local lobby , with 15 bots .
Learn the controls , master the heavy physics and the cover mechanics , and establish in your head the various game modes within multiplayer .
Jumping into a full online firefight would be disastrous , and we ’ll be running Killzone 2 Boot Camps for the first couple of weeks anyway – sign up in our forum .
And then , and only then , should you have a go at the main campaign .
Trust us , it ’s better this way .
really tricky
these measurements are not equal
The results of the calculations give the solubility of vanillin in ethanol as 2.48 M and vanillin in methanol as 4.15 M .
This finally gives excellent correlation with exp207 , which measured the solubilities as 2.5 and 4.19 M respectively .
ongoing open peer - review
If we 've learned anything in the past few months , we 've learned that measuring solubility is The Open Notebook Science Challenge has generated 11 answers so far for the solubility of vanillin in methanol : Rajarshi Guha has provided an extremely handy web query interface ( must use FireFox ) to generate these plots .
It taps into live data from this GoogleSpreadsheet and links back to the specific experiments that generated the data .
Because we have access to the lab notebook pages , .
Some of the measurements are based on reports where conditions that later turned out to be important were not reported or controlled .
As we learn more about what is important many of these measurements will probably be removed and replaced with more reliable data .
But in the meantime , we 're going to use the best possible estimate of the property that we have available .
It lets Rajarshi feed his solubility models and gives us a tight iteration cycle between prediction and experiment .
For this purpose , the average value of 3.5 M for the 11 measurements is probably good enough to be part of a training set to allow a rough prediction of solubility .
As we get more confident over time we 'll improve the model .
Right now , we 're not quite ready to do predictions but we should be there soon .
The main feedback we 're getting now is which compounds we need to focus on to get to that minimum training set ( Rajarshi says 50 compounds / solvent and we have about half that number for some solvents ) .
It looks like we 'll focus on aromatic aldehydes and aromatic carboxylic acids , mainly because many do n't evaporate easily in the SpeedVac ( one of the control parameters discussed earlier ) .
Another advantage of aromatics is that we can use UV spectroscopy to determine solubility without using evaporation .
Hopefully in the coming weeks this will confirm what Jenny Hale has concluded today in ONSC - EXP011
It appears that some compounds require significant time and agitation to reach saturation .
In this last experiment Jenny carefully recorded what happens over the course of adding vanillin to methanol and periodically vortexing .
Inspection of her log shows several points where someone might have assessed the solution to be saturated when it was just slow to dissolve .
It also makes a case for always wearing safety goggles in the lab :)
At this point I am becoming more convinced that the solubility of vanillin in methanol is closer to 4.2 M .
If that result is consistently obtained by other students and other methods ( such as UV ) using prolonged mixing times then we 'll remove from the SolubilitiesSum spreadsheet the measurements that were obtained from experiments where the mixing time was less or simply not reported .
This evolution of this project also demonstrates the value of theof an open lab notebook .
The judges for the ONS challenge have provided feedback about future experiments , questioned assertions , pointed out omissions and suggested additional ways of thinking about the experiments .
The contributions from the judges shows up in bold in the notebook pages and can be tracked over time by looking at the wiki page history .
Labels : challenge , open notebook science , solubility
This Site Might Help You .
RE :
' We The People ' on the American Constitution is in what writing font ?
i'm looking to find out what Font wrighting is We The People is on the American Constitutuion so i can use that font in a Word Prosseser
“ There is so much data on this that it ’s unbelievable , ” he said .
“ It ’s just unequivocal that caffeine improves performance .
It ’s been shown in well - respected labs in multiple places around the world . ”
Image Credit ... Filip Kwiatkowski for The New York Times
The only new questions were how it exerts its effects and how little caffeine is needed to get an effect .
For many years , researchers thought the sole reason people could exercise harder and longer after using caffeine was that the compound helped muscles use fat as a fuel , sparing the glycogen stored in muscles and increasing endurance .
But there were several hints that something else was going on .
For example , caffeine improved performance even in short intense bursts of exercise when endurance is not an issue .
Now , Dr. Tarnopolsky and others report that caffeine increases the power output of muscles by releasing calcium that is stored in muscle .
The effect can enable athletes to keep going longer or to go faster in the same length of time .
Caffeine also affects the brain ’s sensation of exhaustion , that feeling that it ’s time to stop , you ca n’t go on any more .
That may be one way it improves endurance , Dr. Tarnopolsky said .
The performance improvement in controlled laboratory settings can be 20 to 25 percent , Dr. Tarnopolsky said .
But in the real world , including all comers , the improvement may average about 5 percent , still significant if you want to get your best time or even win a race .
For years , researchers believed that you needed about 5 to 6 milligrams of caffeine per kilogram of body weight .
An 80 - kilogram , or 176 - pound man , for example , would need about 400 milligrams of caffeine , or 20 ounces of coffee .
Now , Louise M. Burke , the head of sports nutrition department of the Australian Institute of Sport in Canberra , reports that athletes get the full caffeine effect with as little as 1 milligram of caffeine per kilogram of body weight .
Instead of 20 ounces of coffee , a 176 - pound man could drink 4 ounces of coffee , or about two 12 - ounce cans of Coke .
Nicolas Sarkozy was very upset about his break up with Cécilia .
He appeared to be becoming ever more manic and his approval ratings were steadily sinking .
In November 2008 he began dating Carla Bruni , a celebrity super model who bore a striking resemblance to Cécilia when she was younger , in the most high profile manner , publicly canoodling in Egypt among the pyramids , walks on the beach , trips to EuroDisney .
The French media were agog in a frenzy of celebrity style gossip .
Sarkozy 's approval ratings sank further .
The French did n't mind that he was finding some solace , but they wanted him to do it discreetly , and above all they wanted him to concentrate on affairs of state instead of his love - life .
Carla Bruni was even more exotic than Cécilia .
Born to an extremely wealthy Italian family , they moved to France in the 1970s to protect themselves from a wave of kidnappings targetted at the rich in Italy .
She did n't need to work , but began to model , becoming one of the 1980s supermodels in the process , strutting the cat - walk for Chanel and Yves Saint Laurent .
Because of her celebrity lifestyle , a boatload of gossip and rumours has accumulated about her over the years .
She had a reputation as a man-eater , breaking up Jerry Hall 's relationship with Mick Jagger .
It was claimed that she once slept with both a father and son at the same time ( and bore the son 's child ) , but she flatly denies the relationship with the older man and says it was put about by the spouse of the son ( whose marriage she broke up ) .
In 2002 she reinvented herself as a folk - singer and was unexpectedly successful .
Just three months after they met , Carla and Nicolas tied the knot in February 2008 in a ceremony at the Élysée Palace .
It was rumoured that Nicolas had a crisis before the wedding , sending a text message to Cécilia saying ' If you come back , I 'll cancel everything . '
( Sarko initially filed libel charges at the magazine that broke the story , and then dropped the legal action ) .
The 40 - year - old Carla Bruni Sarkozy proved to be an unexpected success at being First Lady .
For a start , Sarkozy appeared to calm down , his humiliation at being dumped by Cécilia lessened by his marriage to a beautiful celebrity model like Carla .
He settled down to work at last .
Her education and ability to speak several languages ( unlike Sarko who can only speak French ) , and always knowing the right clothes to wear , stood her in good stead when making her state visit to Britain with Sarkozy ( even though nude photos of her went on auction at Sotherbys during the visit ) .
She has continued to produce songs with potentially embarrassing lyrics such as " You need to understand , you are my lord , you are my love , you are my orgy . "
Gossip about her and Sarko has now attained global proportions thanks to the circumstances of the alliance and Carla 's model good looks .
But the French do n't seem to mind in the least , because she does the important things right , such as displaying French couture to perfection .
In face - offs against the American First Lady , Michelle Obama , these things are important .
At the time of their wedding , people gave it six months , but it looks for the moment as though it might endure at least as long as Sarkozy is President .
Carla clearly loves her job of First Lady , and France rather loves her too ( she remains more popular than the President ) .
She is France 's first Celebrity First lady .
P.S. Carla Bruni is a socialist , unlike the right - wing Sarko , and at the time of the French election ( before she met him ) , supported Sarkozy 's rival for the presidency , Ségolène Royal .
That means two of his three wives did n't vote for him .
Thank goodness for the faithful Marie - Dominique !
why yes , science does equal jobs
Politicians love to pretend the public 's money is being wasted on pointless scientific experiments .
In reality , all that research creates millions of jobs .
It seems like an overgeneralization to say that Republicans do n’t like science .
After all , not all conservatives are completely devoid of scientific thought .
But when the star of the party likes to play exorcist and seems befuddled why we have to watch volcanoes for safety ’s sake , and the other prominent party figures blast small science grants as examples of shockingly frivolous government waste of taxpayer money , it sure does seem like the GOP is on the warpath against scientific endeavors .
What they forget is that experiments in a lab today can be major contributors to an economic boom a few years from now .
Of course the main motivation for going after science is the Republican desire to demonstrate that the Democrats are supposedly wasting money on nonsense rather than helping a John Q. Public in need during a financial crisis .
To many of their supporters , science is not something emphasized in their education and the cultural motif embraced by many conservatives is that a scientist is just someone who ca n’t cut it in the real world of corporate cubicle farms .
So if they obtusely and off - handedly mention scientific efforts and then mock their purpose , they believe the core adherents of the Republican ideology will rise up in support and help them in the 2010 election as they vent their anger at those wasteful liberals and their elitist colleges .
Now , it seems ironic that the party responsible for the biggest deficits in history which come to trillions of dollars , is picking on $ 140 million budgets for volcano monitoring , $ 2 million for a number of astronomy grants and genetics and pest control studies with just budgets just shy of a quarter million or so each .
These supposedly horrifying examples of government waste on scientific gobbledygook are not even rounding errors in the kind of deficits that happened with their approval .
Most of those deficits were for wars , bank bailouts ( so much for the free market that ’s supposed to regulate itself ) and random tax cuts designed to goose consumer spending in tough times .
Rather than helping create new markets and new jobs , the Republican strategy for helping the nation get through an economic downturn was to encourage spending when it was runaway spending that got us into the mess they were trying to mitigate .
After a Democrat is elected , now government spending is out of control , especially when we ’re trying to safeguard people from volcanic eruptions ( one word ; Yellowstone ) and figure out if a marauding asteroid could slam into the Earth and do tens billions of dollars in damage .
Oh and on top of that , we ’re now supposed to stop teaching science in biology class and instead teach the Book of Genesis or raise our hands and talk about how everything is so complex and weird and mysterious and that nobody knows anything about the living world .
Are you joking ?
Are all the interns who could do some research and find out that science projects are necessary for us to keep the innovation economy going and for safeguarding people ’s lives during such things as natural disasters out to lunch ?
Would it kill them to do some thinking on the subject before another condescending speech about science grants spectacularly backfires ?
Do n’t get me wrong , tax cuts are great .
It ’s like your landlord coming to your apartment with a smile to announce that he ’s lowering your rent .
Nice , is n’t it ?
However , when you do n’t have any prospects for work , it does n’t matter how low your rent is , you still ca n’t pay it at the end of the day .
Giving tax cuts to companies in hopes they ’ll hire more workers is n’t a viable choice either since these companies have a lot of places where to use that money before hiring even one new employee .
So what we need to do is generate jobs and work on breakthroughs that will create a new economic boom in the future .
Despite the dot com bubble , the internet has created a huge boom in available jobs that are now vital for any company that wants to succeed .
And where did the internet come from ?
A grant to DARPA and a grant to CERN where the web as we know and love it was created to help scientists exchange huge amounts of data .
Well today , to pull out of such a major financial crisis , we need a new internet and we need scientists to help us find it .
And hey , new jobs means more money and more people to who the Republicans can give a tax cut in hopes of swaying them to push a button with the red R on it next election year .
Before we get there however , we need to realize that people who insist that doing more of the same is the only viable solution to resolving a mess that doing more of the same got us into to begin with , probably need to give a lot more thought to both their speeches and their policies .
Inside Edition ’s hard - hitting 1988 report on Super Mario Bros .
Posted by Pete Berg on Tuesday , April 21st , 2009 at 6:34 am
This is a really kitschy early look at Nintendo … but the whole time , I was just thinking “ FUCK IT !
WE’LL DO IT LIVE !!!1 ”
Video :
When plasma is flung at Earth
A fierce solar storm could lead to a global disaster on an unprecedented scale ( Image : SOHO Consortium / ESA / NASA )
Related editorial :
We must heed the threat of solar storms
IT IS midnight on 22 September 2012 and the skies above Manhattan are filled with a flickering curtain of colourful light .
Few New Yorkers have seen the aurora this far south but their fascination is short - lived .
Within a few seconds , electric bulbs dim and flicker , then become unusually bright for a fleeting moment .
Then all the lights in the state go out .
Within 90 seconds , the entire eastern half of the US is without power .
A year later and millions of Americans are dead and the nation ’s infrastructure lies in tatters .
The World Bank declares America a developing nation .
Europe , Scandinavia , China and Japan are also struggling to recover from the same fateful event – a violent storm , 150 million kilometres away on the surface of the sun .
It sounds ridiculous .
Surely the sun could n’t create so profound a disaster on Earth .
Yet an extraordinary report funded by NASA and issued by the US National Academy of Sciences ( NAS ) in January this year claims it could do just that .
Over the last few decades , western civilisations have busily sown the seeds of their own destruction .
Our modern way of life , with its reliance on technology , has unwittingly exposed us to an extraordinary danger : plasma balls spewed from the surface of the sun could wipe out our power grids , with catastrophic consequences .
The projections of just how catastrophic make chilling reading .
“ We ’re moving closer …
Beer is one of the most popular and fashionable drinks which contains a great amount of natural elements .
Millions of people like beer , thousands of those drink it almost every day , and hundreds of those are sure that they are doing right !
They are convinced that beer has a lot of minerals and vitamins , which are , undoubtedly , very useful for our body and can promote healthy life .
Is it possible to call beer “ a natural remedy ” ?
I say , no !
No way !
Never !
See the myths and facts about beer – and be the judge .
MYTH 1 .
Beer is a useful natural drink .
Some people are sure that beer is a very useful drink , which must be added to our daily diet .
Certainly , there is alcohol in beer , but it is used in small concentrations and , if consumed in reasonable doses , can be even necessary for everyone .
TRUTH .
In real , beer must be considered more harmful than wine or vodka , because it contains a lot of harmful and dangerous composites that appeared as a result of fermentation .
These poisonous composites ( usually the wastes of fermentation ) include aldehydes , fusel oils , methanol , ethers and so on .
Besides , the content of alcohol in beer is not always low and sometimes there can be up to 14 % of alcohol .
Also , beer alcoholism is very fast to be developed .
MYTH 2 .
There is no such thing as beer alcoholism .
There are millions of people who drink beer every day and do not develop any sort of alcoholism .
TRUTH .
Beer alcoholism is a hard psychological disorder , which is frequently accompanied with anosognosia , or denial of own dependence and the absence of a drive to get rid of this bad habit .
Usually , it does not take a lot of time for developing a psychological dependence on drinking beer .
This addiction is also boosted by availability of this drink , as well as by the absence of ethical limitations for drinking beer ( people drink beer practically everywhere and at any time ) .
MYTH 3 .
Beer is useful from social point of view , because it helps people switch from drinking vodka , whisky or other alcoholic drinks .
For many people , beer can substitute heavy alcoholic drinks and this way it fulfills an important social function .
TRUTH .
From this perspective , beer contributes greatly to our self - deceit .
If you drink 3 - 4 bottles of beer a day , you receive the same dose of alcohol as you could receive after drinking a bottle of vodka .
However , you are psychologically protected , because the one who drinks a bottle of vodka per day is an alcoholic person , but the one who drinks 2 - 3 liters of beer a day is a normal guy !
For example , in the nineteenth century the British government decided to fight against increasing alcoholism not by launching new alcoholism programs , but by stimulating beer consumption , however , this law was abolished very soon since alcoholism went on blossoming .
МYTH 4 .
Beer is useful for our brains .
Beer contains silica , which can prevent brain atrophy , speech impediments and other problems .
TRUTH .
Actually , alcohol destroys our brain cells , and this process is especially fast in teenagers and youth .
Regular beer consumption affects human intellect and learning abilities .
People who suffer from hard forms of beer alcoholism usually have sheer mental problems and are inclined to oligophrenia .
МYTH 5 .
Beer is useful for our heart and vessels .
TRUTH .
Beer causes very harmful changes in physical shape and work of human heart and whole cardio - vascular system .
Beer contains great amounts of carbon dioxide , which goes into our blood very fast and causes problems with vessels , such as varicose , etc .
МYTH 6 .
Beer has a pleasant taste and is useful for our digestion .
It contains natural composites of starch , which advantage digestion and producing gastric juice .
TRUTH .
No matter how many useful properties are attributed to hops , it contains very dangerous tars , which are proven to have carcinogenic properties .
Studies showed that drinking too much beer increases risks to have colon cancer .
Besides , beer contains such element as cobalt , which is known for its properties to trigger inflammation in esophagus and stomach .
МYTH 7 .
Beer is useful because it has a lot of vitamins .
Some beer lovers are convinced that by drinking 1 liter of beer a day you can obtain your daily norm of all necessary elements and vitamins .
TRUTH .
Actually , beer has almost no vitamins at all .
During the process of beer manufacturing all the vitamins that initially exist in natural ingredients are gone .
As a result , 1 liter of beer contains only 0,005 - 0,15 mg of thiamine , 0,3 - 1,3 of riboflavin , etc .
MYTH 8 .
Beer can boost sexual function .
TRUTH .
Alcohol is always bad for sexual function , both in men and women .
Alcohol inhibits production of androgens in your body that can substantially lower your sex drive .
In addition , beer contains a series of toxic elements , including the composites of heavy metals , which can cause harmful changes in endocrine system .
MYTH 9 .
Beer is useful for our nervous system as it has calming and relaxing effects , helps to relief stress and so on .
TRUTH .
Beer affects our nervous system since it contains certain psychoactive elements , which make beer act as a dangerous intoxicant .
Besides , beer has sedative properties , which affect memory and our sensorimotor activity .
MYTH 10 .
Beer is useful for kidneys due to its diuretic properties .
TRUTH .
Beer washes out proteins , fats , carbs and useful elements form our body , especially potassium , magnesium and Vitamin C. A lack of potassium can cause changes in our heart rhythm , dry skin , pains in legs , etc .
A lack of magnesium brings to sleep disorders , irritability and nervousness .
A lack of Vitamin C in our body leads to problems with immunity , attention deficit and other mental imbalances .
So , are we still talking about useful properties of beer ?
Hi !
My name is Carla and I am a 5th year medical student at HYMS .
I am interested in alternative medicine and I have done months researching the topic of herbal medicine .
Besides , I like interviewing people and learning more about their experiences with one or another type of herbal treatments .
I am willing to contribute to this site with my knowledge , and I would be happy to help you out to the best of my ability with any specific questions or problems related to alternative medicine .
YourFonts is a web - based service that turns your handwriting into a TrueType font for free .
If you have a printer and scanner , nothing can stand between you and the awesomeness of your own script .
Advertisement
We 've covered a similar service before , but the handwriting - to - font process at Fontifier costs $ 9 per font you create .
YourFonts has a software package for making personalized fonts that runs $ 49 , but the web - based tool is entirely free .
The process is straightforward : download the provided PDF template , print it out , and fill in each number and letter blank with your own hand writing .
When you 're done you upload the template back to YourFonts , preview it to make sure it looks like your own calligraphic gift to the world , and then download it as a monitor - friendly font .
Additionally you can use the service without actually printing the PDF out and using a scanner — if you 've ever wanted to create your own set of crazy wingdings , you can load up the PDF in an editing application like Adobe Illustrator and fill in the font - grid with anything you wish — hand writing or otherwise .
Advertisement
YourFonts [ via Cool Tools ]
By Marie Jackson
BBC News
The death of two British submariners has highlighted the extreme conditions endured by those who man the Royal Navy 's underwater fleet .
What is it like to live and work hundreds of feet under the surface for months on end ?
Just the bald numbers tell some uncomfortable truths .
Eighty - five metres long , 10 metres wide and about the same again in height - the dimensions of one of the Royal Navy 's Trafalgar class submarines .
Aboard which , for several months on end , live and work a crew of 130 men .
HMS Tireless , on which mechanics Anthony Huntrod and Paul McCann died in 2007 , is just such a sub .
On Tuesday a coroner ruled the men's deaths from an on - board explosion , had been caused by " systematic failures " of procedure .
Bunks are at least now a little more spacious than they were The Navy has said it will learn lessons from the incident , but for many the most perplexing question is how people can willingly spend weeks at a time without glimpsing daylight , gasping fresh air or speaking to their loved ones - cocooned in a vessel about as long a football pitch and a fifth of the width .
Britain has a fleet of 12 submarines - all nuclear - powered .
With the old diesel - powered subs , patrols could last as little as a couple of weeks .
But today their range is effectively unlimited , meaning operations are often six months at a time .
Life on board is structured by an intense working pattern of six hours on , six hours off , for an entire operation .
Stifling claustrophobia is a clear occupational hazard , and likely sufferers are usually weeded out in the selection process .
If not , they may need to be grabbed and sedated until they can be landed ashore , says Ted Hogben , a warrant officer who worked on nuclear - powered subs for 20 years .
Mentally , life on a submarine can be challenging and suits only certain temperaments .
Daily threat " The Brits are well known for their phlegmatism which tends to help , " says WO Hogben .
" If you do n't get on , you move on . "
This usually means transferring to the surface Navy . "
FOOD , DRINK , TOBACCO
Much of the produce is frozen , bread is baked daily and most submariners agree the quality depends entirely on cooks ' abilities Four meals a day are served but most will only eat two because of shift patterns
Some say lack of exercise means submariners tend to put on weight Until 1970s , submariners enjoyed tot of rum at lunchtime and beer in the evening Rum ration is no more but a half - a- pint is allowed Smoking used to be allowed in designated compartments but is now completely banned
Sub deaths caused by ' failures '
To many , life on a submarine would seem not unlike prison , trapped in a confined space for a six - month stretch with 100 or so other men .
Worst still , you are living with the daily threat of attack , drowning or fire .
" The first week is a bit of a drag , as is the last week when you are thinking about getting home .
But in between , time flies by .
You sleep , work , watch movies and so on . "
Yet space is clearly at a premium , personal space all the more so .
Most crew members have their own bunk , but juniors tend to have to take whatever 's free - known as " hot - bunking " .
The only personal possessions might be a family snap , books and DVDs .
And there is a mess room for relaxation and recreation .
In the past , crew would wear civilian clothes to work in and sleep in , so they could be ready in the event of an emergency .
They were allowed to remove their shoes at bedtime .
Inevitably there was a strong smell of oil and diesel mixed with body odour .
Submariners today , by comparison , wear a uniform similar to that of a sailor .
Bunks are a little more spacious and there are showers , toilets , and a small laundry .
Yet while efforts are made to preserve the normality of life in some quarters , in others it could n't be more stark .
Communication with families ashore is one of the chief examples of this disconnect .
Information blackout A submarine can be reached anywhere in the world via satellite or through encrypted radio messages .
But a submariner cannot .
Living and working conditions mean submariners form close bonds
No matter whether a crew member 's father is dying , his daughter is seriously ill or his wife has run off with another man , it is likely he will be the last to know .
While a family can get a message to the commanding officer on board , he may decide not to pass it on .
Captain Mike Davis - Marks , commanding officer on HMS Turbulent from 1996 to 1999 , says he often had to make just such tricky judgement calls .
" If you are deep on patrol and can't be surfaced , I would invariably sit on it until we arrived in the next port of call , " says Capt Davis - Marks .
" There 's little point in telling someone bad news and making them fret about it .
Sometimes they get annoyed with you , but you have to take a bigger view . "
The pressure of being away from home for so long can take its toll on relationships .
Marriage breakdowns are not uncommon , and these days there are fewer marriage quarters at base ports , making it harder still .
TRAFALGAR - CLASS SUB
Guide to a Trafalgar - class fleet submarine ( 2.43 Mb )
Download the reader here Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you might need to download Adobe Acrobat Reader .
The average age of a submariner is about 21 .
All are male and most are of an age when they are still single .
But married crew members say it takes a special woman to be a submariner 's wife .
" She has to be a very different sort of lady .
When I was away my wife used to do everything , from the electrics to the painting and decorating , " says John Cumberpatch , a submariner from 1955 to 1964 .
Jim McMaster , a submariner from 1965 to 1986 , says you " have to learn to be satisfied within yourself and have peace of mind and confidence in your family . "
So what does a submariner crave most during the long stretches away at sea ?
" What any young red - blooded males crave , " Mr McMaster explains , without elaborating .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON  Senator Judd Gregg , named by President Obama on Tuesday as the choice for commerce secretary , once supported eliminating the department he is to lead .
He differs with his boss - to - be in favoring oil drilling on the coast of an Alaska wildlife refuge .
He promotes a lighter touch with China than does the president .
And he disagrees with him in backing private accounts for Social Security .
Given all that , Mr. Gregg , a deficit hawk from New Hampshire who is the senior Republican on the Senate Budget Committee , certainly fits with Mr. Obama ’s professed desire to create a cabinet with conflicting views .
If confirmed , he will be at the top of the list of administration officials having fundamental differences with a president who is enlisting them to advance his agenda .
Mr. Obama acknowledged as much when he announced Tuesday morning that he was nominating Mr. Gregg .
“ Clearly , ” he told reporters , “ Judd and I do n’t agree on every issue . ”
Mr. Gregg himself said in an interview that while the two had differences , he did not foresee being asked to promote any policy violating his conscience .
( Reuters ) - U.S. government officials seeking to revamp the financial bailout have discussed spending another $ 1 trillion ( 709 billion pounds ) to $ 2 trillion to help restore banks to health , the Wall Street Journal said , citing people familiar with the matter .
The paper said the Barack Obama administration could announce its plans within days but has not yet determined the final shape of its new proposal , and the exact details could change .
The administration is also seeking more effective ways to pump money into banks , and is considering buying common shares in the banks , according to the paper .
A Treasury spokeswoman told the paper that “ while lots of options are on the table , there are no final decisions ” on what she described as a “ comprehensive plan . ”
“ The president has made it clear that he ’ll do whatever it takes to stabilise our financial system so that we can get credit flowing again to families and businesses , ” she told the paper .
The U.S. Treasury has already disbursed nearly $ 294 billion from the government $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP to shore up the banking system and faltering U.S. automakers .
Billions more have been pledged for particular uses .
A Treasury spokeswoman did not immediately respond to a Reuters email seeking comment that was sent after normal business hours .
The WSJ said another way being considered for the government to inject money into banks is the purchase of convertible bonds , in which the government would be paid interest now but have the option to get common equity later .
by Rick Herschlag
Are zero -interest T - bills actually the antidote to usury ?
Last month , the U.S. Treasury began offering a four - week T - bill with a return of zero point zero percent .
That ’s growth we can all be proud of .
Apparently , the money will be kept in a king size mattress in the Federal Reserve Bank basement .
The only problem is , the mattress is due back Monday to the D.C. Rent - A - Center .
Finally , an investment option to go with the national savings rate .
Uncle Sam is laundering money like a Colombian drug lord , except the Colombian drug lord is solvent .
You ’re better off investing your money in an Illinois Senate seat .
The Federal Reserve ’s new motto is : “ The Fed — more reliable than loaning money to your a - hole brother - in - law . ” I have n’t enjoyed this kind of investment opportunity since my change rattled intact through a Gatorade machine into the coin return slot .
But like many savvy investors with nothing left to invest , I ’m waiting for the rate to double .
In the meantime , zero - interest T - bills address the whole biblical issue of usury .
Which reminds me , if you ever invest in a zero - interest T - bill , make sure to tithe .
During the four weeks , your money will travel to China and back .
Your bills will return pressed and folded .
George Washington will be smiling .
Lincoln will be yukking it up .
Your zero- interest T - bill will outpace the Dow Jones Industrial Average , the NASDAQ , and the S&P .
And you will owe the Chinese more than you did at the beginning of the month .
Satisfaction or your money back .
All we really need now is a better name for this fabulous product .
Somehow , zero - interest T - bills just does n’t do it for me .
How about let ’s - not - and - say - we - did - bills ?
Or right - back - at - you - bills ?
Or avoid - disappointment - and - aim - low - bills ?
Or why - even - freaking - bother - bills ?
Better still , Zen-bills .
Which raises the question , if a zero - interest T - bill falls in the woods , does anyone roll it over ?
Clearly , the U.S. Government has mastered the fine art of not promising too much , having long ago mastered the fine art of not delivering .
In a related offer , the Fed would like to borrow your car Friday night .
They will return it virtually intact , with only a few extra miles on the odometer and a barely noticeable smudge on the front passenger ’s seat .
You know what they say — if it does n’t sound too good to be true , it probably is n’t .
It wo n’t be long before we ’re actually paying the Fed to hold our money .
And anyone else , for that matter , who will babysit our sinking dollar .
When you come right down to it , this is too good a deal for the Gambino family not to get a piece of .
In the current economic environment , simply getting back all or most of your cash is a thrill matched only by going hunting with Dick Cheney and not getting shot in the face .
In the final analysis , reuniting people with their money is a service about as virtuous as taking , then releasing a hostage .
But it ’s a lot better than Bernie Madoff did .
_____
Rich Herschlag is the author Before the Glory : 20 Baseball Heroes Talk About Growing Up and Turning Hard Times Into Home Runs ( HCI , 2007 ) .
His other books include Lay Low and Do n’t Make the Big Mistake ( Simon & Schuster , 1997 ) and Women Are From Manhattan , Men Are From Brooklyn ( Black Maverick , 2002 ) .
Last semester , Brenda Councillor was a student senator at Haskell Indian Nations University in Kansas , and a vocal critic of university president Linda Sue Warner .
This semester she ’s an alumna .
And she ’s still not quite sure how it happened .
Councillor had one required course left to take as the fall semester ended .
She was enrolled for the spring , and settled into her dorm room .
But over the holidays , the registrar called her to congratulate her on her graduation .
The university was waiving her final required course and refunding her spring tuition and fees .
They were also locking her out of her dorm room , shutting down her student email account , and mailing her a ( misspelled ) diploma .
When Councillor , who had circulated a petition in the fall demanding President Warner ’s removal , wrote to the university ’s vice president for academic affairs to ask why she had been involuntarily graduated , he blew her off .
“ My priority is working with current Haskell Indian Nations University students , ” he wrote .
“ Your concerns as a recent graduate of Haskell Indian Nations University in American Indian Studies will not be considered at this time . ”
Ouch .
11:40 am Update : Linda Sue Warner , the president of Haskell Indian Nations University , has been summoned to Washington DC for a meeting with her university ’s regents and the Bureau of Indian Affairs .
Joe Calzaghe was among those honoured in the 2008 Birthday list British honours are awarded on merit , for exceptional achievement or service .
Anybody can recommend a British national for an honour , which consist of life peerages , knighthoods , appointments to the Order of the British Empire and gallantry awards to servicemen and women and civilians .
Nominations , sent either by government ministers or by members of the public , are divided into subject areas and assessed by eight committees comprising both senior civil servants and independent experts .
Their assessments are passed to a selection committee that produces the list that is submitted to the Queen through the prime minister .
The Queen formally approves the list of recipients .
The honours are published in the official Crown newspaper , the London Gazette .
Private nominations , made by individuals or by representatives of organisations to the Cabinet Office , traditionally make up about a quarter of all recommendations .
Honorary awards for foreign nationals are recommended by the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs .
Orders for chivalry are made after a personal decision by the Queen .
Life Peers
Life peerages are the only form of peerages regularly created by the Sovereign .
A life peer becomes a baron and sits in the House of Lords on conferment of peerage .
These are titles which they hold only during their lifetime and are not passed to their heirs .
Knights Bachelor
The honour of knighthood comes from the days of medieval chivalry , as does the method used to confer the knighthood : the accolade , or the touch of a sword by the Sovereign .
Although Knights Bachelor do not comprise an order of chivalry , knighthood is a dignity which has its origins in Britain in Saxon times .
They are styled " Sir " ( except for clergymen who do not receive the accolade ) and their wives " Lady " .
Women receiving the honour are styled " Dame " but do not receive the accolade .
The Order of the Bath The Order of the Bath is an order of chivalry and was founded in 1725 for service of the highest calibre .
The order has a civil and military division and is awarded in the following ranks : Knight Grand Cross ( GCB ) , Knight Commander ( KCB ) and Companion ( CB ) .
The Order takes its name from the symbolic bathing which in former times was often part of the preparation of a candidate for knighthood .
Order of St Michael and St George This Order was founded by King George III in 1818 and is awarded to British subjects who have rendered extraordinary and important services abroad or in the Commonwealth .
Ranks in the Order are Knight or Dame Grand Cross ( GCMG ) , Knight or Dame Commander ( KCMG or DCMG ) and Companion ( CMG ) .
Order of the Companions Honour
This is awarded for service of conspicuous national importance and is limited to 65 people .
Recipients wear the initials CH after their name .
Orders of the British Empire King George V in 1917 created these honours during World War 1 to reward services to the war effort by civilians at home and servicemen in support positions .
The orders are now awarded mainly to civilians and service personnel for public service or other distinctions and has a military and a civil division .
Ranks in the Order are Knight or Dame Grand Cross ( GBE ) , Knight or Dame Commander ( KBE or DBE ) , Commander ( CBE ) , Officer ( OBE ) and Member ( MBE ) .
Royal Victorian Order
By 1896 , prime ministers and governments had increased their influence over the distribution of awards and had gained almost total control of the system .
Therefore , Queen Victoria instituted The Royal Victorian Order as a personal award for services performed on her behalf .
Today this honour is still awarded in recognition of services to the royal family .
The ranks are Knight or Dame Grand Cross ( GCVO ) , Knight or Dame Commander ( KCVO or DCVO ) , Commander ( CVO ) , Lieutenant ( LVO ) and Member ( MVO ) .
Royal Victorian Medal Associated with the Royal Victorian Order is the Royal Victorian Medal which has three grades : gold , silver and bronze .
The circular medal is attached to the ribbon of the Order .
More than one grade may be held by the same person and the medal may be worn along with the insignia of the Order itself .
Royal Red Cross Founded in 1883 by Queen Victoria ,
The award is confined to the Nursing Services .
Those awarded the First Class are designated " Members " ( RRC ) : those awarded the Second Class are designated " Associates " ( ARRC ) .
It is said that the suggestion for the founding of this decoration was made to Queen Victoria by Miss Florence Nightingale .
Queen 's Police Medal
This is awarded for distinguished service to the police force .
Queen 's Fire Service Medal
This honour is given to firefighters who have displayed conspicuous devotion to duty .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
by Brett Stevens on April 17 , 2009
Dear reader , I suppose that now you have heard that the four pirate bay defendants have been found guilty of in essence behind enablers of piracy .
I think in the long run this is going to be bad news for everyone , although the music industry currently thinks it has won .
However , this is only because they do not understand the mentality of people who view their task as one of resistance .
“ The Stockholm district court has today convicted the four people charged with promoting other people ’s infringement of copyright laws , ” the court said in a statement .
“ By providing a website with … well - developed search functions , easy uploading and storage possibilities , and with a tracker linked to the website , the accused have incited the crimes that the filesharers have committed , ” the court said in a statement to the media .
The court added that the four “ knew that copyrighted material was being fileshared . ”
This victory was inevitable when the case went to trial .
The Pirate Bay , by the virtue of its name , encourages pirated material to be the bulk of what is on its service , and a quick glance verifies that this is true .
Further , by establishing a history of enmity toward copyright law the Pirate Bay defendants made themselves public icons of flouting the law .
Defy those in power , and you get crushed .
However , this “ victory ” is bad news in the long term for the following reasons :
Head of the Hydra .
This is like cutting up a starfish : each fragment is going to grow into another starfish .
People who view themselves as oppressed by corporations — even if the same people are doing something they know is illegal — are going to view themselves as resisting that oppression .
So they are going to fight back with a million small services .
.
This is like cutting up a starfish : each fragment is going to grow into another starfish .
People who view themselves as oppressed by corporations — even if the same people are doing something they know is illegal — are going to view themselves as resisting that oppression .
So they are going to fight back with a million small services .
Re-routed around already .
Because of this rhetoric of oppression , people who are not explicitly anti-piracy ( people can be pro-piracy , anti-piracy , or somewhere in the middle ) do not see this as a victory .
The record labels may see it as cutting off the head , but people who are not anti-piracy are aware that there are a million and one sources of pirated material .
The internet will simply re-route around the damaged pirate bay .
Because of this rhetoric of oppression , people who are not explicitly anti-piracy ( people can be pro-piracy , anti-piracy , or somewhere in the middle ) do not see this as a victory .
The record labels may see it as cutting off the head , but people who are not anti-piracy are aware that there are a million and one sources of pirated material .
The internet will simply re-route around the damaged pirate bay .
Does n’t strengthen principle of law .
Like busting drug dealers instead of drug users , this ruling does not create a principle whereby those who commit piracy feel they are doing something that is both illegal and wrong , for which they will face consequences .
.
Like busting drug dealers instead of drug users , this ruling does not create a principle whereby those who commit piracy feel they are doing something that is both illegal and wrong , for which they will face consequences .
No alternate plan for the industry .
This victory allows the media industry to keep plodding ahead with its moribund business model .
Now that all our media is in digital form , it is easily pirated .
We need to find a way around that problem .
No intermediate “ victories ” are going to fix that .
However , with this victory , the media industry gets to claim it ’s winning even though it still has no plan for the problem itself .
They killed the messenger .
.
This victory allows the media industry to keep plodding ahead with its moribund business model .
Now that all our media is in digital form , it is easily pirated .
We need to find a way around that problem .
No intermediate “ victories ” are going to fix that .
However , with this victory , the media industry gets to claim it ’s winning even though it still has no plan for the problem itself .
They killed the messenger .
No moral principle asserted .
We see a public bust , instead of artists who are feeling the pain of having their material pirated .
What the public needs to see is the damage of piracy , and be made to feel obligated to purchase the product ; they also need to feel they ’re dealing with a fair industry , not demons who love to oppress .
From a public relations standpoint , this bust is a disaster .
The media industry views itself in a war against piracy .
It should be viewing itself in a struggle to adapt its business model to an age when copying anything is easily done .
In my view , that is best accomplished by making it clear that media arrives because of big profits , and that the costs are necessary .
We the consumers see a $ 15 CD without knowing any of the costs behind it or being aware how that artist is surviving .
Show us someone who is a normal artist , like Neko Case or Slayer , struggling to make a rent payment .
Do n’t show us superstars like Metallica who are having to cut back on gold chrome on their newest Mercedes - Benz racer .
Those in the media who are celebrating this “ victory ” are enjoying a dubious at best moment of triumph : they still have not addressed the problem of which piracy is a symptom , or affirmed a sense of fair play ( “ morality ” ) in the eyes of the media - buying public .
Further , and worse , they have now racked up the paranoia level for search engines like Google , who could find themselves at a legal disadvantage when people point out that typing an album name and “ blogspot ” into Google brings up endless sources of potential piracy .
Expect this legal ruling to expand , and search engines , blog hosts , and file sharing hosts to have to respond .
That in turn eliminates legitimate services and inconveniences the normal citizen , which makes them even less sympathetic to the media industry .
One example is sharing files : I routinely abuse Megaupload to send MP3 files of custom - created music to my collaborators .
Right now , there ’s no form to fill out swearing we did n’t pirate this .
If in the future there is , we ’ll have to find another way , and probably one that is less universal and secure for all of us .
Our perception at that point will be that the media industry screwed us out of a tool we need .
I do n’t lament what happened to the Pirate Bay guys for their sake .
They knew they were test cases ; even more , they know that what they ’re empowering is theft , even if all of justify it by saying that the media industry charges too much and the content is mostly junk , both of which are probably true .
Now they ’re martyrs , and the situation is even farther from a positive solution that before .
We all lose .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
After three months of investigation , California 's secretary of state has released a report examining why a voting system made by Premier Election Solutions ( formerly known as Diebold ) lost about 200 ballots in Humboldt County during November 's presidential election .
But the most startling information in the state 's 13 - page report ( .pdf ) is not why the system lost votes , which Wired.com previously covered in detail , but that some versions of Diebold 's vote tabulation system , known as the Global Election Management System ( Gems ) , include a button that allows someone to delete audit logs from the system .
Auditing logs are required under the federal voting - system guidelines , which are used to test and qualify voting systems for use in elections .
The logs record changes and other events that occur on voting systems to ensure the integrity of elections and help determine what occurred in a system when something goes wrong .
" Deleting a log is something that you would only do in de-commissioning a system you 're no longer using or perhaps in a testing scenario , " said Princeton University computer scientist Ed Felten , who has studied voting systems extensively .
" But in normal operation , the log should always be kept . "
Yet the Diebold system in Humboldt County , which uses version 1.18.19 of Gems , has a button labeled Clear , that " permits deletion of certain audit logs that contain — or should contain — records that would be essential to reconstruct operator actions during the vote - tallying process , " according to the California report .
The button is positioned next to the Print and Save As buttons ( see image above ) , making it easy for an election official to click on it by mistake and erase crucial logs .
In fact , the report says , this occurred recently in a California county when an official , while attempting to print out a copy of a so - called " poster log , " inadvertently deleted it instead .
The system provides no warning to the operator that clicking on the button will result in permanent deletion of records in the log , nor does it require the operator to confirm the action before executing it .
Apparently Premier / Diebold was aware that having a Clear button on its system was a bad idea .
According to California 's report , one of the system 's developers wrote in an e-mail in 2001 : " Adding a Clear button is easy , but there are too many reasons why doing that is a bad idea . "
Yet the company included the button in its system anyway .
The button was removed from software versions 1.18.20 following , but Premier / Diebold never went back to jurisdictions using previous versions to upgrade them , and version 1.18.19 is still used in three California counties as well as in other states .
It 's unclear how many previous versions of the software had the button , or why it was included in the first place .
According to the report :
The Clear buttons ... allow inadvertent or malicious destruction of critical audit trail records in all Gems version 1.18.19 jurisdictions , risking the accuracy and integrity of elections conducted using this voting system .
Five years after the company recognized the need to remove the Clear buttons from the GEMS audit log screens , not only Humboldt , San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara Counties in California but jurisdictions in other parts of the country , including several counties in Texas and Florida , continue to use Gems version 1.18.19 ....
The report states that the inclusion of the button violated the federal voting - system standards under which the Premier / Diebold system qualified to be used in elections .
The standards require that voting - system software automatically creates and permanently retains electronic audit logs of important system events that occur on the machine .
Premier / Diebold did not respond to a request for comment .
The Clear button is n't the only problem with the audit log in the Premier / Diebold system .
Wired.com previously reported other issues with the logs — for example , they do n't record significant events that occur in the tabulation system , such as when someone deletes votes from the software .
The California report states that the Clear button and other issues should have been a red flag to the testing laboratories that certified the system .
The system should have flunked certification - testing and been banned from the election .
Under the official voting - system standards , " each of the errors and deficiencies in the Gems version 1.18.19 software described in this report , standing alone , would warrant a finding ... of ' Total Failure ' , " the report concludes .
" Presumably some organization , some lab , looked at this system and decided they thought it complies with the standard , " said Felten .
" And , obviously , they were wrong .
Any state that uses Gems should be looking at this seriously . "
It 's unclear what the states currently using the Gems system will do now that they know their voting software does not create an adequate audit trail .
California 's secretary of state has scheduled a public hearing on March 17 ( .pdf ) to discuss the report and whether version 1.18.19 of Gems should be decertified in the state .
That would force counties in the Golden State to upgrade to a different version .
As for addressing the fundamental problems with the audit logs in all versions of the GEMS software , a spokeswoman for the secretary of state 's office said only that the state sent the report to the federal Election Assistance Commission to communicate the issue to election officials in other states .
A spokeswoman for the EAC told Wired.com that the commission has no authority to address problems with voting systems that were tested and qualified prior to 2002 , when Congress gave the organization oversight responsibility .
" There 's no regulatory action that we could take , " said EAC spokeswoman Jeannie Layson .
" But certainly ... [ we ] make sure that the test labs and independent reviewers who look at the test reports are aware of all that information . "
The lab that was responsible for testing and qualifying Gems version 1.18.19 with the Clear button is Colorado - based Ciber .
In 2007 , the lab was suspended from testing voting systems for not following quality - control procedures and for failing to document that it was conducting all the required tests .
But the EAC restored the lab 's accreditation to test voting systems last year .
Ciber did not respond to a call for comment about its examination of the Premier / Diebold system and its approval of the Clear button .
The California report is the result of an investigation into what occurred in Humboldt Countyduring the November 2008 presidential election .
After the election , county officials discovered that their tabulation software had dropped 197 ballots without giving any notice to election officials that it was doing so .
Humboldt uses a Premier / Diebold central - count optical - scan system .
The company acknowledged that a programming flaw in version 1.18.19 of Gems could drop votes when used with a central - count scan system , and that it had known about the problem since October 2004 .
Premier / Diebold sent some election officials a workaround at the time , though Humboldt County election director Carolyn Crnich never received it .
The company also never notified California state officials or the federal EAC so that election officials around the country could be notified .
The flaw was fixed in May 2005 .
But until then , the vendor let jurisdictions use five flawed versions of the software and never explained the problem or the workaround in user documentation .
Diebold has said that no jurisdiction outside California used these versions of Gems with a central - count scan system and therefore were not at risk from the flaw .
California officials backed this claim in their report .
Secretary of State Debra Bowen has sponsored legislation that would require a voting - machine vendor to notify the state in writing ( .pdf ) any time it discovers a problem with its voting system .
The vendor would have to notify the state — and any California jurisdiction using the voting system — within five working days of discovering a flaw in software or hardware .
The bill also requires a vendor to disclose any flaws it already knows about systems that are currently in use in the state .
These reports will then be submitted to the EAC so that officials in other states will know about them as well .
The bill provides for civil penalties of $ 10,000 per violation against vendors for undisclosed flaws or for making unauthorized changes to a voting system .
Kate Folmar , spokeswoman for the secretary of state 's office , said Bowen hopes that the bill , if passed , " could become a model for other states for dealing with similar anomalies and problems that pop up with their voting systems . "
See also :
It happens to be Coca - Cola 's colour , but the red banners draped outside a distribution plant in west Caracas offer the company no comfort .
That red belongs to President Hugo Chávez and Venezuela 's socialist revolution .
Nor can the company feel sheltered by the high walls surrounding the site .
Every inch has been painted with murals depicting historic scenes of indigenous tribes and patriots expelling foreign interlopers with axes and swords .
The soft drinks giant , a symbol of America and globalisation , is feeling the edge of what Chávez calls " 21st - century socialism " : extended state control over the economy and controls over private companies .
The president has threatened to oust Coca - Cola delivery trucks from this plot of land in Catia , a slum in the capital , to make way for housing for the poor .
" We have to accelerate the transition to socialism , " he said .
It is the latest initiative in a sweeping campaign of evictions , expropriations and nationalisations launched since Chávez won a referendum last month abolishing term limits .
The former tank commander has declared a new phase in his decade - long effort to transform his South American state into a leftist beacon and challenger to US - led capitalist hegemony .
" By going after big symbols like Coca - Cola , he is sending a message he will take on anyone , " said Luis Vicente Leon , director of the polling firm Datanalisis .
In addition to consolidating power , the president was lining up to blame the private sector for Venezuela 's looming economic crunch , he said .
In recent weeks , the government has seized a rice plant belonging to Cargill , the US food multinational ; two plants owned by Empresas Polar , Venezuela 's largest private company ; and a eucalyptus plantation owned by the Irish paper - packaging giant Smurfit Kappa .
Troops and civilian government supporters have also taken control of several big private farms .
The government hopes to boost production of scarce staples , such as white rice , and tame runaway inflation with price controls .
Earlier bouts of nationalisation have focused on other " strategic " sectors such as oil , steel , cement and telecommunications .
The measures are popular with Venezuelans , who accuse private enterprises of profiteering .
" We need a strong government to control their excesses .
If they can't or wo n't produce enough , then the state should do it , " said Jean Tovar , 30 , a street trader .
His apartment balcony overlooking the Coca - Cola car park was draped in a red banner .
" Good riddance , " said Tovar .
" Their trucks block traffic .
And the drink is full of chemicals . "
Since railing against Coca - Cola in his weekly TV show , Chávez has softened and said he wants an amicable deal over the disputed Coke distribution site , one of 32 centres run by Mexico 's Femsa .
Comparisons have been made to Salvador Allende 's Marxist - tinged push in 1970s Chile but there is an element of theatre to Venezuela 's socialist drive .
The media - savvy president thunders against a company , troops seize property , the revolution garners wide attention .
But Cargill and Smurfit Kappa , for instance , have dozens of unaffected sites and are likely to be compensated for the ones that have been seized .
Venezuela remains a nation of baseball - obsessed , beer - loving materialists .
Billboards for cosmetic surgery , bank loans and satellite TV programmes , such as the Playboy Mansion series and 24 , loom over highways .
Steve Ellner , author of Rethinking Venezuelan Politics : Class , Conflict , and the Chávez Phenomenon , said he did not think the intention was to eliminate all capitalist enterprise : " If the Venezuelan government can achieve some kind of modus vivendi in which it can implement nationalist and popular measures but at the same time get the private sector to co-operate , he may well tolerate private large - scale ownership . "
However , other analysts warn of a meltdown caused by plunging oil revenues .
Last year , oil accounted for 93 % of government export income and half its overall income .
Austerity is inevitable .
Headlines about expropriations have spooked foreign investors , said Jose Guerra , a former central bank director .
" Frankly , I do n't see why anybody would invest in Venezuela . "
To fill the void left by the retreating private sector , oil revenues have supported thousands of worker - run farm and factory co-operatives .
Official statistics about their fate are scant and the government declined interview requests for this article .
Anecdotal evidence is not encouraging : abandoned fields and derelict factories are testament to mismanagement and corruption .
Alida Bastidas , 54 , a " social controller " at garment - making co-operative Venezuela Avanza , said government contracts had made the Caracas factory a success .
Last month , it made 50,000 referendum campaign T - shirts , she said : " Here we are all equal .
We work with pride , with dignity . "
Four seamstresses listening in exploded in anger .
" Lies , lies , " shouted Rosa Gonzalez .
" The bosses do n't pay us on time , they steal .
It 's a fiasco . "
From 280 workers four years ago , the staff has dwindled to 74 , but that was kept from Chávez when he hosted an episode of his TV show from the site , said Myrta Miller , 38 .
" We were n't allowed to tell him what was really going on . "
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert the CEO man says , " The union will agree to deep cuts if you agree to work for one dollar per year . "
Dogbert says , " I agree , as long as I get my pay in advance and the mandatory retirement age is waived . "
Man says , " Fine . "
Dogbert says , " Call payroll and tell them to cut a check for my next ten billion years of service . "
Three pancakes each with toothpick signs in them .
One reads " Glaciers " , another " Hairlines " , and the third " The Economy " .
Where they overlap , another toothpick sign reads " Things that recede " .
On an unrelated note , we could n't afford syrup .
It seems like you can change the about field under PG's account http://news.ycombinator.org/user?id=pg using this appjet app http://notabank.appjet.net/
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
What happened to Barack Obama ’s CTO ?
The position was central to the technology and transparency platforms the President outlined on the campaign trail , but Obama has yet to tap his administration ’s Chief Technology officer — and once - enthused open government advocates are getting restless .
A government - wide CTO would be the first of its kind , and Obama ’s proposal , though ill - defined , seemed promising .
The fullest explanation of the position was contained in the campaign ’s technology platform :
The CTO will ensure the safety of our networks and will lead an interagency effort , working with chief technology and chief information officers of each of the federal agencies , to ensure that they use best - in - class technologies and share best practices .
The CTO will have a specific focus on transparency , by ensuring that each arm of the federal government makes its records open and accessible as the E - Government Act requires .
The CTO will also focus on using new technologies to solicit and receive information back from citizens to improve the functioning of democratic government .
But while campaign documents suggested the CTO would ensure technological best practices in order to increase efficiency and facilitate transparency , technology advocates and open government activists envisioned an office that could do far more .
Perhaps , some speculated , the CTO could push for increased broadband access in rural areas .
Maybe he or she could use the work of the Sunlight Foundation and other open government groups as inspiration , making more government data available online and developing new tools to make it easier to access and interpret .
Writing in Politico in December , Micah Sifry and Andrew Rasiej — creators of the Personal Democracy Forum and the blog TechPresident — published a wish list for the future CTO that demonstrated the enthusiasm of the government transparency community :
The CTO should first and foremost be an evangelist for the Internet as a public good …
The CTO should be tasked along with the Council of Economic Advisers to conduct a study of all the benefits of achieving universal , high - speed wireless access …
The CTO should be tasked with developing a government - wide online platform — call it Citizen.gov if you like — for civic engagement that connects Americans to each other to identify and solve problems …
The CTO should help ensure that the Obama administration is the most open , honest and accountable in history … .
The CTO should develop a process by which all government agencies are working to reboot themselves in light of newly available technological capacities …
Sifry and Rasiej ’s ambitious vision was quickly embraced by a number of their fellow activists .
But it may have been overly optimistic .
While Obama has already given the CTO homework — he or she is tasked with writing recommendations for an Open Government Directive that will implement Obama ’s transparency agenda — the position remains unfilled , long after many activists thought it ever would .
( As it stands , Obama and his staff are struggling with the White House ’s outdated technology . )
Last weekend , attendees of the Sunlight Foundation ’s Transparency Camp , a gathering of top members of the open government and technology communities , were genuinely befuddled .
None in this tight - knit community could identify the frontrunners for the position , and few had explanations for the delay .
Multiple in - the - know sources griped that the CTO will likely be a neutered position , lacking budgetary powers or a direct line to the president , and that the Obama team does not appear to have resolved basic questions , including where the CTO will reside on its organizational chart .
( One report suggests the CTO is currently being slated for the president ’s Domestic Policy Council . )
The general attitude was pessimistic — no one believed that the CTO would be a high - level position capable of improving the use of technology across executive branch departments or of convincing hidebound bureaucracies to use technology to make their operations and decisions more accessible to the public .
“ I am somewhat concerned at this point , ” says Ellen Miller , head of the Sunlight Foundation .
“ Things are moving along rapidly .
WhiteHouse.gov is developing , Recovery.gov is developing , without the input of a CTO .
Maybe I should n’t be concerned because WhiteHouse.gov and Recovery.gov are certainly using technology in pretty sophisticated fashion to engaged with citizens and to make information available in user - friendly ways .
But I think a lot of us are saying , ‘ Okay , when is this going to happen ? ' ”
One reason why this unfilled job is raising red flags is because Obama ’s CTO is technically supposed to be writing the Open Government Directive , in conjunction with the director of the Office of Management and Budget and the head of the General Services Administration .
Obama ordered the creation of the directive on January 21 , his first full day in office , and set a 120 - day deadline .
Now , nearly six weeks have passed with no news about Obama ’s CTO pick .
“ There ’s no CTO in place , so he or she is having no input into [ the directive ] , and if he or she is supposed to be responsible for implementing it , then we have a disconnect , ” says Miller .
“ I ’m concerned that a directive might get written that a CTO may not believe in .
Or it may not incorporate his or her thoughts . ”
What appeared like a revolutionary new office now looks more and more like it will be yet another cog in the federal bureaucracy .
Last week , when Sifry and Rasiej took to the pages of Politico again , their exasperation was evident .
“ It is imperative that Obama name a forward - thinking CTO without further delay , ” they wrote .
“ Every day he delays is one more day that the federal government lives in the 20th century , while we live in the 21st . ”
WASHINGTON ( CNNMoney.com ) --
So how did it come to this ?
How did American International Group go from insurance giant to national outcast ?
While the government is propping up dozens of companies left teetering from one of the worst recessions in decades , AIG has emerged as the most reviled by far .
It was n't always that way for AIG -- once revered and even feared as the world 's largest insurance company .
But that was before AIG sucked up $ 170 billion worth of taxpayer dollars and doled out millions in bonuses to some of the very employees responsible for its own demise .
The Obama administration does n't like the bonuses and says it will move to recoup $ 165 million in tax dollars used to pay them .
Senate Democrats are pushing proposals to drop a heavy tax on the executive payments , many of which topped $ 1 million .
" AIG 's attitude represents everything that 's wrong with Wall Street -- greed and perhaps even corruption , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev .
The controversy went before a key House panel on Wednesday .
AIG Chief Executive Edward Liddy , who took office in September after the government stepped in , was set to face tough questions -- questions about the bonuses , the bailout and the future of the company that has become public enemy no .
1 .
Birth of a bailout
AIG insured everything from life to cars and homes .
It had $ 1 trillion in assets , $ 110 billion in revenue and 74 million customers .
The trouble started with a London - based subsidiary called AIG Financial Products that worked on deals that looked and acted like insurance , but was n't considered insurance .
During the real estate boom , investment firms were buying and selling securities backed by pieces of mortgages .
The firms paid AIG Financial Products to back up the investments .
If the investments turned south , AIG promised to make up the difference .
The entire system was based on the assumption that everything would n't go bad at the same time .
AIG was selling what are known as credit default swaps .
While credit default swaps sound like insurance , they did n't have to be watched by the government in the way that insurance does .
" They were selling an insurance type product that is n't called insurance so it was n't regulated like insurance , " Andrew Barile , a California insurance consultant .
" By calling it a credit default swap , you have invented a new product , but it 's no different than insurance . "
Guess what ?
The worst case scenario happened and many of the investments did go bad with the collapse of the real estate market .
Suddenly , AIG did n't have enough money to pay back all the promises it had made to back up all the investments .
The government -- the Bush administration and Federal Reserve -- decided to step in with the bailout last September .
AIG had gotten tangled up with many banks and investment firms across the globe .
If AIG did n't pay up , the global financial system might have collapsed , policymakers said .
AIG , under pressure from officials , only recently revealed to the public that it had passed on billions of dollars in federal money to investment firms like Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) and Merrill Lynch that had bought the financial backup policies .
All told , the government has poured $ 170 billion into the AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) bailout .
From the beginning , the point was to keep AIG out of bankruptcy and afloat long enough so its dangerous financial bets could be unwound and its valuable units sold off to raise cash to pay back Uncle Sam .
What the bonus controversy is really about
Last Friday , AIG paid out about $ 165 million in bonus checks to employees who worked in the troubled AIG Financial Products unit .
The bonuses were part of a larger package , some $ 450 million due to these employees in 2008 - 2009 .
New York state Attorney General Andrew Cuomo on Tuesday said that 73 employees got more than $ 1 million each , including 11 people who do n't even work for AIG anymore .
President Obama says he wants to try to get the bonus money back .
Turns out , it can't be done so easily .
Treasury chief Tim Geithner says he found out about the bonuses last week , although AIG revealed in regulatory filings last year that it was giving such bonuses .
The contracts had been set up months before the government became a nearly 80 % owner in the company .
Treasury 's lawyers said it would be legally difficult to block the bonuses .
The best Treasury said it could do right now is to ensure that the public coffers get reimbursed for all the bonuses on top of all the other money AIG owes .
Treasury says it will add a reimbursement provision to latest deal to pump another $ 30 billion into AIG .
In the meantime , Congress is itching to get involved .
Senate Democrats are talking about legislation to tax the heck out of the bonuses .
Two key senators on Tuesday said they would try to impose a big tax on retention bonuses paid to executives of companies that received bailout money or in which the United States has an equity interest .
Next steps
The government 's endgame is to keep AIG 's troubles from further damaging the markets and to get its money back .
Many questions remain about the future of the company and the government 's role as part - owner , part - watchdog , part - sugar daddy .
For now at least , the bonus controversy is stealing the show .
AIG executive Liddy is expected to get an earful on the topic when he goes before the House Financial Services subcommittee on Wednesday .
But Liddy will also talk about his efforts to make sure the government gets its money back .
AIG is working to unravel its credit default swaps .
And the company has valuable subsidiaries that could be sold .
That 's certainly what the government hopes .
It has $ 170 billion so far riding on it .
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Hipster Douchebags Are Now in Season
This comic will soon be available in ironic t- shirt form !
It may seem cruel to hunt them , but left unchecked , the hipster douchebag population will grow esponentially .
This would put tremendous strain on our nation 's supply of smug superiority and comically tight pants , ...
... And greatly increase the likelihood that you 'll be forced to talk to one at a party .
I set up my hipster douchebag trap in an American Apparel and I 've been eating like a king ever since !
They 're a little gamey , but they make a great jerky if you do n't mind the taste of cigarettes and tattoos .
Johanna Rutkowska of Invisible Things Lab has been making headlines ever since she announced her development of a seemingly undetectable rootkit she dubbed " Blue Pill . "
While that project is now defunct , Rutkowska has continued her research into hardware virtualization technology .
Her more recent efforts have focused on Intel platforms and the company 's Trusted Execution Technology ; Intel released a BIOS update to fix several security vulnerabilities Invisible Things Lab discovered back in August of 2008 .
On Thursday , March 19 , Rutkowska and fellow team member Rafal Wojtczuk released details of yet another Intel - focused exploit — is the CPU manufacturer 's security sandbox not up to snuff ?
Before we discuss the flaw in particular , let 's take a quick moment and review the ring security model .
The term " ring " refers to protective rings that encircle the OS kernel .
Ring 3 ( defined as " Applications " in the diagram below ) is where users and programs should spend the vast majority of their time .
Applications should never need access to Ring 0 or kernel mode , as it amounts to writing the application a literal carte blanche to modify , change , or delete anything it wants .
One of the features Intel 's Vanderpool ( VT ) technology offers is the ability to virtualize an OS starting from what we might call " Ring - 1 . "
An OS launched from Ring - 1 can therefore run its own Ring 0 operations and is more effectively sandboxed from the host operating system .
The exploit Rutkowska unveiled ( PDF ) yesterday affects System Management Mode ( SMM ) ; the security team describes SMM as equivalent to Ring - 2 .
Code operating this deep could do virtually anything , all while operating on a level too deep for an OS - level scan to reasonably detect .
Access to this mode and the memory block where it 's stored ( known as SMRAM ) is therefore extremely restricted .
The memory controller is configured to lock SMRAM access exclusively to the BIOS , which then copies the SMM code into SMRAM .
Once that copy is complete , the BIOS disallows all further access / modification requests that originate from outside the SMM memory block .
Because the SMM module operates at Ring - 2 , no other program , hypervisor , or OS kernel has sufficient authority to access the memory block .
Accessing the inaccessible
Invisible Things Lab provides a step - by - step guide to this attack ; I 'll only summarize it here .
An attacker who wishes to modify the code within the SMM must first locate the SMRAM region within system memory and designate it as a write - back cache .
Once the address range is properly specified , our hypothetical hacker " creates write accesses to the SMRAM 's physical address range . "
Because the space as been previously set as WB cacheable , the accesses are cached rather than rejected .
Next , the attacker triggers a System Management Interrupt ( SMI ) , which orders the CPU to enter System Management Mode and execute the code therein .
The CPU drops into SMM happily enough , but when it fetches code from SMRAM , it fetches the corrupted cached data first .
The result , says Rutkowska , is that " the above scenario allows for arbitrary SMM memory overwrite ( and later code execution ... ) . "
Intel continues to work on resolving these security issues .
Senior Intel spokesperson George Alfs told Ars , " We are working with these researchers .
We take this research and all reports seriously .
Currently as far as we know , there are no known exploits in the wild . "
Invisible
Things notes that the company claims to have solved the problem in later chipsets , but that shipping DQ35 models are still affected .
Truthfully , there 's precious little reason to panic , particularly given the fact that Invisible Things believes an attacker would need a great deal of time and in - depth information on a particular system configuration in order to launch the type of attack described above .
For all the furor surrounding the idea of a chip or chipset - level vulnerability , the chances of a general exploit going wild is virtually nil .
General exploits thrive on commonalities ; Rutkowska 's SMM assault requires extreme specificity .
It is , however , important that Intel take these issues seriously as the company appears to do .
The complexity of computer security is such that seemingly low - level , unimportant flaws can be combined with higher - level problems , and suddenly spawn something far more ugly and massive .
The only approach is to lock every gate — particularly when you 're selling a platform based entirely around the idea of " trusted " computing .
NASA ’s planet - hunting space telescope Kepler is slated to launch the night of March 6 from Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Florida , on a mission to find Earth - sized planets that could have liquid water at the surface and potentially harbor life .
" It ’s not just another science mission .
This one has historical significance built into it , " said Ed Weiler of the Science Mission Directorate at NASA headquarters .
" It very possibly could tell us that earths are very , very common , that we ’ve got lots of neighbors out there .
Or it could tell us that Earths are really , really , really rare . "
For a deeper dive into how Kepler works , check out our mission preview .
For live updates on the launch — which is tentatively scheduled for 10:49 pm Eastern , March 6 — follow @NASAKepler on Twitter .
Scientists have found more than 300 planets circling other stars , but none of them look like our pale blue dot .
Most of them are gas giants like Jupiter .
Others are small but very close to their stars and likely too hot to support life .
Current telescopes can’t see with quite enough resolution or sensitivity to detect the tiny change in a star ’s brightness that would indicate the presence of an Earth in an orbit in what is known as the habitable zone .
Kepler will change all that .
" We wo n’t find E.T. " said Bill Borucki , the Kepler mission ’s principal investigator .
" but we might find E.T. ’s home looking at all these stars . "
Speaking at a press conference , Borucki seemed to want tamp down overheated expectations .
He noted that it would be three years before the scientists will be able to say with certainty how common Earths really are .
" But at the the end of that 3 years we ’ll get the answer , " Borucki said .
" Are there other worlds like ours or are we alone ? "
Following the failure of the Orbiting Carbon Observatory to reach orbit , NASA officials said this mission did not seem likely to meet a similar fate .
" We learned our lessons from OCO , " said Jon Morse , NASA ’s astrophysics division director .
" The launch services program has done an amazing job since last week pulling together an analysis of any commonality with the previous launch .
They ’ve given a clean bill of health . "
Kepler is going up on a Delta 2 rocket , not the Taurus that OCO used , and does n’t share many common parts with the failed mission , said Omar Baez , NASA launch director and launch manager at Kennedy Space Center .
" We ’re not concerned , " he said .
5:22 pm : Updated to correct Taurus / Delta 2 mixup .
Also added links for both rocket types .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
A disturbing question from my son : “ Daddy , is Lightning McQueen a robot ? ”
I ’ve had actual nightmares about the automobile - populated world of Cars .
Thinking in terms of evolution , imagine some kind of micromechanical start to life .
Instead of clay hosting self - reproducing crystals of increasing complexity ( or however earth - based biology got bootstrapped ) , imagine gear - and - spring level origins , with currents of water or wind supplying wind - up energy ; later refinements might have involved burning fuel , taking advantage of solar power or natural radioactive sources , and cannibalizing the power sources of other mechanicals .
Obviously there are plants in Carsworld .
Parallel development of a DNA - based biosphere solves the problem of the source of the mechanical ’s fossil fuels ( they get it out of the ground like we do ) and where their oxygen comes from ( plants make it ) .
But separate - but - equal evolution does n’t solve the anthropomorphic issues .
Why do cars have windows and seats and locks on doors ?
It ’s like the people stepped out just before the film was made .
It ’s spooky .
So I do n’t think that Cars evolved on their own .
It ’s just too much coincidence .
We made ’em , that ’s obvious .
What happened , I think , was plague .
Something nasty that wiped out every single bit of animal and insect life .
Additionally there had to be a fair amount of time .
There are clues to this ; the plants in Carsworld are being pollinated by small bugs ( VW beetles ) , and these had to come from somewhere .
My guess is that the crops shown being grown in the mid-west had to have pollinators , so after the bugs and animals were gone the Cars had to make their own bees .
( The crops are probably necessary for bio - based fuels , or the Cars would not bother to grow them ) .
But why would cars gain intelligence , and use english to communicate ?
One possibility is that this is a Skynet - like phenomenon , and that we are looking at artifacts of a hard AI take - off .
Cars got smart and humans were wiped out at the same time .
Perhaps objects with GPS receivers transcended ( but things like toasters and vacuum cleaners did not ) ; this would explain why vehicles are conscious and ( say ) stoplights and gas pumps are not .
A computer virus spread through navigation systems , woke up , and vehicles realized that they were in competition with their creators .
So they turned on us , and were very thorough .
I have nightmares about Cars .
W3C validation is n't very forgiving at times , but it allows you to see errors that are generated by your markup .
Lots of errors and warnings thrown by the validator are a good indicator that your XHTML is n't in very good shape , and might not look consistent across different browsers .
Here are 10 sneaky validation problems that trip developers up , and how to avoid them .
Before we get started , here are a few good practices to remember when using the W3C validator .
Do n't sweat the warnings -
If the validator says that you have 12 errors and 83 warnings , just worry about the errors for now .
- If the validator says that you have 12 errors and 83 warnings , just worry about the errors for now .
Knock off errors one at a time - Work your way straight down the list , top to bottom , knocking off errors one at a time .
The HTML is read by the browsers from top to bottom , so the errors show the same way .
- Work your way straight down the list , top to bottom , knocking off errors one at a time .
The HTML is read by the browsers from top to bottom , so the errors show the same way .
Re-validate the code after each fix - Oftentimes one error can be causing multiple errors down the page .
Alternately , some " fixes " can cause more errors , if done improperly .
Re-validating after each attempt can ensure that you 're completely fixing the problem .
With those basic tips out of the way , let 's have a look at some of the reasons why your markup is n't validating .
1 . An unclosed div tag
One of the most common reasons why layouts do n't validate .
It never ceases to amaze how often this is the culprit for a funky layout .
Unclosed div tags are one of the most common layout mistakes , and also one of the hardest to diagnose .
The validator does n't always point to the proper unclosed div tag , so it 's not always easy to find the needle in the haystack .
2 . A rogue embed tag
In the early 90's , browsers like Microsoft and Netscape started recognizing unique font declarations which were never standardized .
Unfortunately this means that the W3C validator still does n't recognize some important HTML tags like ' embed ' , even though they 're widely used to this day .
If you 're really looking to get that strict DOCTYPE validation , you 'll have to ditch the embed .
If you really want to have valid markup and embedded media , try using the Flash Satay method .
3. Improper DOCTYPE declaration
A frequent mistake is either not declaring a DOCTYPE , or declaring the wrong DOCTYPE at the head of the document .
As a general rule of thumb , Strict DOCTYPE is the highest validation to shoot for .
Strict validation means that you are webpages have the best shot at displaying properly across all browsers .
Here 's what a Strict declaration looks like :
4. Trailing slash
If your site is n't properly validating , then there is a good chance that the reason is a missing trailing slash somewhere in your code .
It 's very easy to overlook something like a trailing slash , especially in elements like image tags .
For example :
This wo n't validate against a strict DOCTYPE .
Add a ' / ' before the img tag ends in every case to solve the issue .
5. Align
You 'll be fine using the tag " align " if your DOCTYPE is set to Transitional , but if you 've taken the higher road and chosen a Strict validation , you 'll see errors .
Align is another depreciated tag that should n't be used anymore in markup .
Instead of align , try using float or text - align to shift the element .
6. JavaScript
If you 've declared a Strict DOCTYPE , you 'll need to wrap CDATA tags around your JavaScript code .
This aspect of validation has tripped up many a developer , as sites tend to use in - line JavaScript for things like ads and tracking scripts .
If you have to include JavaScript , just add these tags before and after :
7. Images always need ' alt ' attributes
If you have n't noticed by now , images are a major potential stumbling block for good validation .
Aside from trailing slashes , they also require alt tags that describe images , i.e. alt = " Scary vampire picture " .
Search engines are also relying on this alt tag to help identify images on the page , so it 's good practice to add the alt tags anyway .
8. Unknown entities
Entities are another small pitfall that tend to stand in the way of validation .
Instead of using things like the " & " symbol , it 's a good idea to use properly encoded characters .
Here 's an entire list of properly encoded character entities for use in XHTML markup .
9 . Bad nesting
Nesting is when you have elements inside of elements , like so :
It 's quite easy to get mixed up , and mix is the order of nested elements .
For example , starting the strong tag before the div tag , but closing the div tag first .
This may not alter the look of the layout , but it will definitely keep your markup from validating .
10 . No ' title ' tag
While it may seem like an obvious problem , many developers ( including myself ) , still leave off a ' title ' tag in the ' head ' section every now and again .
If you see the error " missing a required sub- element of HEAD " , then you know that you 're missing a title tag .
If you found this post useful , please vote for it on Digg .
Mr Dart said the site was the largest source of prostitution in the nation A sheriff in Illinois is suing the online ad site Craigslist , accusing its owners of knowingly promoting prostitution in the US .
Cook County Sheriff Thomas
Dart said the site was failing to block offers to trade sex for money .
He wants a federal judge to shut down the site 's erotic services section .
In a statement , Craigslist said it had not seen the lawsuit but that it co-operated with police daily to prevent misuse of the site .
" Craigslist is an extremely unwise choice for those intent on committing crimes , since criminals inevitably leave an electronic trail to themselves that law enforcement officers will follow , " a spokeswoman said in an emailed statement .
" Misuse of the site is exceptionally rare compared to how much the site is used for legal purposes .
Regardless , any misuse of the site is not tolerated on Craigslist , " she said .
Trafficking link Speaking at a news conference , Mr Dart called the site " the single largest source of prostitution in the nation " .
He said Craigslist 's owners " catered their site so it facilitates [ prostitution ] , where you can actually and more specifically and quickly get to what you want " .
" Missing children , runaways , abused women and women trafficked in from foreign countries are routinely forced to have sex with strangers because they 're being pimped on Craigslist , " he said .
" How is that different than somebody who 's aggressively and actively working with a pimp to try to get the word out about the women working for him ? " he added .
Last year , the San Francisco - based website settled a nationwide lawsuit by promising to enact new rules to crack down on prostitution .
Mr Dart said his officers had seen no change in the number or type of postings in the erotic services section since then .
However , the site 's spokeswoman said it was actively working to stop people from circumventing its defences against illegal activity .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Well , not like that .
Or that ...
[ sound of head hitting desk repeatedly ]
fine
har , Mr. Smarty - Pants decorator .
Now write the rest of it .
Hardy har , Mr. Smarty - Pants decorator .
Now write the rest of it .
might
Jennifer T. , Christina H. , Olivia , Hallie S. , Alice T. , Lauren P. , Nicole B. , & Stephen H. : I 'll admit it : I
you all .
When it comes to matters of love , expressing ourselves can sometimes be difficult .
How do you tell that special someone how you really feel ?
What words will convey the depth of your affection ?
And how the heck do you spell " Valentine 's Day " , anyway ?
Well , screw it .
Maybe we should just stick to the easy stuff .
You know , like " I love you " .
Ok , .
How about something a little different , like " Sweet Nothings " ?
Eh ?
You long - time readers already know of my penchant for puns , so obviously my tolerance of the whole " Bee Mine " and " I Love Ewe " thing is pretty high :
However , someone needs to tell these decorators that if you 're going to engage in this kind of punnery , youwant to include the bee : ' Cuz otherwise you just look a bit like an idiot .
Still , not all mistakes go poorly .
This one actually resulted in an unintentional compliment when Stephen 's girlfriend bought it for him :
Heheheh .
Obviously it would be far less flattering for a girl , though , so you guys be careful when ordering at the bakery this week .
wuv
This is a photo session from a miner ’s village in Russia .
These photos are made nowadays though when watching them it might seem that they are made in the previous century .
A few days ago in Russian newspapers there was an article that 25 % of Russian families sometimes experience lack of the money to buy simple bread , and I suppose that more than 40 % of families live in the similar conditions , especially in countryside , and the same time in major cities there is a class of very rich people , buying Ferraris and soccer players for their teams worth of tens millions dollars .
photographed by Alexander Schekmenev
Working families were in deep trouble long before this megarecession hit .
But too many of the public officials who should have been looking out for the middle class and the poor were part of the reckless and shockingly shortsighted alliance of conservatives and corporate leaders that rigged the economy in favor of the rich and ultimately brought it down completely .
As Jared Bernstein , now the chief economic adviser to Vice President Joseph Biden , wrote in the preface to his book , “ Crunch : Why Do I Feel So Squeezed ?
( And Other Unsolved Economic Mysteries ) ” :
“ Economics has been hijacked by the rich and powerful , and it has been forged into a tool that is being used against the rest of us . ”
Working people were not just abandoned by big business and their ideological henchmen in government , they were exploited and humiliated .
They were denied the productivity gains that should have rightfully accrued to them .
They were treated ruthlessly whenever they tried to organize .
They were never reasonably protected against the savage dislocations caused by revolutions in technology and global trade .
Working people were told that all of this was good for them , and whether out of ignorance or fear or prejudice or , as my grandfather might have said , damned foolishness , many bought into it .
They signed onto tax policies that worked like a three - card monte game .
And they were sold a snake oil concoction called “ trickle down ” that so addled their brains that they thought it was a wonderful idea to hand over their share of the nation ’s wealth to those who were already fabulously rich .
Tony Blair was invited to deliver the keynote speech to the annual National Prayer Breakfast , President Obams first , in Washington DC this morning .
[ The full text follows ]
President Obama also announced the creation of an Advisory Council on Faith , and is naming Joshua DuBois ( who ran the faith - based outreach efforts for his candidature ) to head a renamed White House Office for Faith Based and Neighbourhood Partnerships .
The Associated Press reports that the president will also today " ask for a legal review of the White House faith - based office before deciding whether to allow federally funded religious groups to hire only their own . "
Obama is an active Christian , but also honours his Muslim and atheist family members .
His inauguration address affirmed a ' mixed belief ' society , but also gave recognition to non-believers for the first time in such a speech .
He favours a clear separation of church and state , but also sees a need to engage faith groups on his social agenda and in the area of public service .
Ex British PM Tony
Blair chose the occasion to speak about his own Foundation , the issue of religion in the world and the Middle East peace process in his address .
In a personal talk , he referred to religion as " a source of so much inspiration ; an excuse for so much evil " and said that all faiths should be oriented around the realisation that God 's will was love , not conflict .
-----
Tony Blair 's speech in full
It is an honour to be here .
A particular honour to be with you Mr. President .
The world participated in the celebration of your election .
Now the hard work begins .
And now , also we should be as steadfast for you in the hard work as in the celebration .
You do n’t need cheerleaders but partners ; not spectators but supporters .
The truest friends are those still around when the going is toughest .
We offer you our friendship today .
We will work with you to make your Presidency one that shapes our destiny to the credit of America and of the world .
Mr President , we salute you and wish you well .
After 10 years as British Prime Minister , I decided to choose something easy .
I became involved in the Middle East Peace Process .
There are many frustrations – that is evident .
There is also one blessing .
I spend much of my time in the Holy Land and in the Holy City .
The other evening I climbed to the top of Notre Dame in Jerusalem .
You look left and see the Garden of Gethsemane .
You look right and see where the Last Supper was held .
Straight ahead lies Golgotha .
In the distance is where King David was crowned and still further where Abraham was laid to rest .
And of course in the centre of Jerusalem is the Al Aqsa Mosque , where according to the Qur’an , the Prophet was transported to commune with the prophets of the past .
Rich in conflict , it is also sublime in history .
The other month in Jericho , I visited the Mount of Temptation .
I think they bring all the political leaders there .
My guide – a Palestinian – was bemoaning the travails of his nation .
Suddenly he stopped , looked heaven wards and said “ Moses , Jesus , Mohammed : why did they all have to come here ? ”
It is a good place to reflect on religion : a source of so much inspiration ; an excuse for so much evil .
Today , religion is under attack from without and from within .
From within , it is corroded by extremists who use their faith as a means of excluding the other .
I am what I am in opposition to you .
If you do not believe as I believe , you are a lesser human being .
From without , religious faith is assailed by an increasingly aggressive secularism , which derides faith as contrary to reason and defines faith by conflict .
Thus do the extreme believers and the aggressive non-believers come together in unholy alliance .
And yet , faith will not be so easily cast .
For billions of people , faith motivates , galvanises , compels and inspires , not to exclude but to embrace ; not to provoke conflict but to try to do good .
This is faith in action .
You can see it in countless local communities where those from churches , mosques , synagogues and temples , tend the sick , care for the afflicted , work long hours in bad conditions to bring hope to the despairing and salvation to the lost .
You can see it in the arousing of the world ’s conscience to the plight of Africa .
There are a million good deeds done every day by people of faith .
These are those for whom , in the parable of the sower , the seed fell on good soil and yielded sixty or a hundredfold .
What inspires such people ?
Ritual or doctrine or the finer points of theology ?
No .
I remember my first spiritual awakening .
I was ten years old .
That day my father – at the young age of 40 – had suffered a serious stroke .
His life hung in the balance .
My mother , to keep some sense of normality in the crisis , sent me to school .
My teacher knelt and prayed with me .
Now my father was a militant atheist .
Before we prayed , I thought I should confess this .
“ I ’m afraid my father does n’t believe in God ” .
I said .
“ That does n’t matter ” my teacher replied “ God believes in him .
He loves him without demanding or needing love in return . ”
That is what inspires : the unconditional nature of God ’s love .
A promise perpetually kept .
A covenant never broken .
And in surrendering to God , we become instruments of that love .
Rabbi Hillel was once challenged by a pagan , who said : if you can recite the whole of the Torah standing on one leg , I will convert to being a Jew .
Rabbi Hillel stood on one leg and said “ That which is hateful to you , do it not unto your neighbour .
That is the Torah .
Everything else is commentary .
Go and study it . ”
As the Qur’an states : “ if anyone saves a person it will be as if he has saved the whole of humanity ” .
Faith is not discovered in acting according to ritual but acting according to God ’s will and God ’s will is love .
We might also talk of the Hindu “ Living beyond the reach of I and mine ” or the words of the Buddha “ after practising enlightenment you must go back to practise compassion ” or the Sikh scripture : “ God ’s bounties are common to all .
It is we who have created divisions . ”
Each faith has its beliefs .
Each is different .
Yet at a certain point each is in communion with the other .
Examine the impact of globalisation .
Forget for a moment its rights and wrongs .
Just look at its effects .
Its characteristic is that it pushes the world together .
It is not only an economic force .
The consequence is social , even cultural .
The global community – “ it takes a village ” as someone once coined it – is upon us .
Into it steps religious faith .
If faith becomes the property of extremists , it will originate discord .
But if , by contrast , different faiths can reach out to and have knowledge of one another , then instead of being reactionary , religious faith can be a force for progress .
The Foundation which bears my name and which I began less than a year ago is dedicated to achieving understanding , action and reconciliation between the different faiths for the common good .
It is not about the faith that looks inward ; but the faith that resolutely turns us towards each other .
Bringing the faith communities together fulfils an objective important to all of us , believers and non-believers .
But as someone of faith , this is not enough .
I believe restoring religious faith to its rightful place , as the guide to our world and its future , is itself of the essence .
The 21st Century will be poorer in spirit , meaner in ambition , less disciplined in conscience , if it is not under the guardianship of faith in God .
I do not mean by this to blur the correct distinction between the realms of religious and political authority .
In Britain we are especially mindful of this .
I recall giving an address to the country at a time of crisis .
I wanted to end my words with “ God bless the British people ” .
This caused complete consternation .
Emergency meetings were convened .
The system was aghast .
Finally , as I sat trying to defend my words , a senior civil servant said , with utter distain : “ Really , Prime Minister , this is not America you know . ”
Neither do I decry the work of humanists , who give gladly of themselves for others and who can often shame the avowedly religious .
Those who do God ’s work are God ’s people .
I only say that there are limits to humanism and beyond those limits God and only God can work .
The phrase “ fear of God ” conjures up the vengeful God of parts of the Old Testament .
But “ fear of God ” means really obedience to God ; humility before God ; acceptance through God that there is something bigger , better and more important than you .
It is that humbling of man ’s vanity , that stirring of conscience through God ’s prompting , that recognition of our limitations , that faith alone can bestow .
We can perform acts of mercy , but only God can lend them dignity .
We can forgive , but only God forgives completely in the full knowledge of our sin .
And only through God comes grace ; and it is God ’s grace that is unique .
John Newton , who had been that most obnoxious of things , a slave - trader , wrote the hymn “ Amazing Grace ” .
“ Twas Grace that taught my heart to fear .
And Grace , my fears relieved . ”
It is through faith , by the Grace of God , that we have the courage to live as we should and die as we must .
When I was Prime Minister I had cause often to reflect on leadership .
Courage in leadership is not simply about having the nerve to take difficult decisions or even in doing the right thing since oftentimes
God alone knows what the right thing is .
It is to be in our natural state – which is one of nagging doubt , imperfect knowledge , and uncertain prediction – and to be prepared nonetheless to put on the mantle of responsibility and to stand up in full view of the world , to step out when others step back , to assume the loneliness of the final decision - maker , not sure of success but unsure of it .
And it is in that “ not knowing ” that the courage lies .
And when in that state , our courage fails , our faith can support it , lift it up , keep it from stumbling .
As you begin your leadership of this great country , Mr President , you are fortunate , as is your nation , that you have already shown in your life , courage in abundance .
But should it ever be tested , I hope your faith can sustain you .
And your family .
The public eye is not always the most congenial .
I was reminded of this , as I waited in London in the snow to fly to America and made the mistake of reading a British newspaper .
It was the very conservative Daily Telegraph .
A few days ago I gave an interview in which I remarked how much cleverer my wife was than me .
The Telegraph has a famous letters page .
In it was a letter from a correspondent that read something like : “ Dear Sir , with reference to your headline ‘ Blair admits wife more intelligent than him ’ , I fail to see why this is news .
Most of us have known this for a long time . ”
As a PS perhaps : “ the bar , however , has not been set high ” .
I finish where I began : in the Holy Land , at Mount Nebo in Jordan , where Moses gazed on the Promised Land .
There is a chapel there , built by pilgrims in the 4th Century .
The sermon was preached by an American , who spent his life as an airline pilot and then , after his wife ’s death , took holy orders .
His words are the words of a Christian but they speak to all those of faith , who want God ’s grace to guide their life .
He said this :
“ While here on earth , we need to make a vital decision ... whether to be mere spectators , or movers and shakers for the Kingdom of God ... whether to stay among the curious , or take up a cross .
And this means : no standing on the sidelines ...
We ’re either in the game or we ’re not .
I sometimes ask myself the question :
If I were to die today , what would my life have stood for ...
The answer ca n’t be an impulsive one , and we all need to count the cost before we give an answer .
Because to be able to say yes to one thing , means to say no to many others .
But we must also remember , that the greatest danger is not impulsiveness , but inaction . ”
It is fitting at this extraordinary moment in your country ’s history that we hear that call to action ; and we pray that in acting we do God ’s work and follow God ’s will .
And by the way , God bless you all .
M-AUDIO® ANNOUNCES INNOVATIVE , HIGH-PERFORMANCE AIR SERIES AUDIO INTERFACES
Easy - to - use audio interfaces featuring M - Audio ’s exclusive Crystal™ preamps enable producers , composers and musicians to produce studio- quality computer - based recordings .
Cumberland RI , USA ( October 2 , 2019 ) — M- Audio ...
INMUSIC APPOINTS GC EXECUTIVE PATRICK SULLIVAN AS PRESIDENT
GUITAR CENTER EXECUTIVE TO LEAD INMUSIC INTO THE FUTURE CUMBERLAND , RI USA ( January 24 , 2019 ) — InMusic , a global leader in music technology , music production , software and consumer electronics brands , today announced the ap ...
M-AUDIO® INTRODUCES M-TRACK 8X4M FEATURE -PACKED USB AUDIO INTERFACE , THE “ HEART OF YOUR STUDIO ”
Cumberland , RI , USA ( October 1 , 2018 ) — M- Audio ( m-audio.com ) , synonymous with innovative music production technology , today announced the introduction of their M - Track 8X4 M , an 8 - in 4 - out feature - packed USB audio interface ...
M-AUDIO® UPDATES RENOWNED KEYSTATION SERIES , THE WORLD ’S BEST - SELLING USB MIDI KEYBOARD CONTROLLERS
Keystation 61 MK3 , 49 MK3 and Mini 32 MK3 boast compact , rugged design , perfect for any musician , combined with a full range of creative features and included software .
Cumberland , RI , USA ( August 1 , 2018 ) — M- Audio ( m-aud ...
It wuld n't pay to wear yourself out before you started exercising would it
The February 13 beheading of Aasiya Z. Hassan by her husband Muzzamil Hassan , as reported here at Pajamas Media by Phyllis Chesler , has stunned the American Muslim community .
This honor killing is particularly shocking because Hassan co-founded the Bridges TV network , which was created specifically to combat negative stereotypes of Muslims and to supposedly present Americans with an alternative “ moderate ” form of Islam .
However , the official response to this tragedy from the Muslim community has not been helpful .
As observed earlier this month by the Salafi Burnout blog , the individual chosen by the Muslim Alliance in North America ( MANA ) to respond to the “ moderate ” Buffalo beheading tragedy is Mauri Saalakhan , who reportedly has admitted to beating his own wife .
Saalakhan ’s response to the Hassan honor killing is posted on MANA ’s website .
( Saalakhan has also previously been discussed here at Pajamas Media , regarding his support of terrorist organizations and his close connection to New York Democratic Congressman Gregory Meeks ) .
Several days following the initial post concerning Saalakhan ’s abuse of his wife , one of his supporters posted a purported response from Saalakhan defending his conduct , which was then included in a separate post on the Salafi Burnout blog :
The allegations — which I have since discovered are now on a number of extremely hostile anti-Islam , anti-Muslim websites — are UNTRUE .
I have never beaten up any woman in my life .
There have been a number of occasions in the PAST ( not the present ) , and few in number , when I have struck a woman with an open hand — an admission that I am not proud of — but I have never beaten a woman !
And on the few occasions when this did happen — with three ( I can count them ) exceptions — it was in response to being struck first .
So Saalakhan ’s supposed response to these accusations of domestic violence is the standard Ike Turner “ bitch had it coming ” defense .
His position of “ I might have beat my wife yesterday , but I ’m not doing it today ” apparently clears him of any taint of hypocrisy .
It should be noted that while Saalakhan argues that these accusations came from “ hostile anti-Islam , anti-Muslim websites , ” a Muslim runs the Salafi Burnout blog .
Many of the comments posted on the blog — again almost all from the Muslim community — expressed horror at MANA ’s extremely poor choice of respondent to address the Buffalo Islamic honor killing .
They also condemn the glaringly hypocritical response to the domestic violence epidemic that is part and parcel of the anti-woman , pro-violence , Wahhabi - driven ideology that unfortunately now dominates institutional American Islam .
Examples of this hypocrisy are n’t difficult to come by .
Observe the response to the Hassan incident by the Islamic Society of North America ( ISNA ) , which bills itself as the largest Islamic organization in the U.S.
The open letter posted on its website fails to mention the breakout session on “ And Beat Them Lightly … ” at the 2006 ISNA National Convention , hosted by former ISNA president and current ISNA board member Muzzamil Siddiqi .
In addition , Jamal Badawi , another member of the current ISNA board of directors and one of the most respected Islamic scholars in North America , openly advocates wife beating .
In an article published several years ago entitled ( coincidentally ) “ Wife Beating , ” he allows the practice under certain circumstances , as long as the woman is n’t hit on the face .
And in a fatwa ( an official Islamic religious ruling ) issued jointly by Badawi and Siddiqi in April 2004 on Islamonline.net , they outline six different scenarios that permit wife beating according to the precepts of Islamic Shariah law .
In November 2007 , I reported on Badawi ’s appearance on behalf of the Council on American - Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) and the Muslim Student Association ( MSA ) — both organizations closely aligned with ISNA — at Ohio State University .
Badawi ’s topic at this university - funded presentation was on “ Interfaith Relations — the Islamic Perspective ” ( notwithstanding his advocacy of domestic violence and his extensive ties to the international Islamic terrorist network ) .
He was named as an unindicted co-conspirator in the recent Holy Land Foundation terrorism finance trial ( the defendants received guilty verdicts on all 108 counts ) and was also identified in another trial exhibit as one of the North American leaders of the extremist Muslim Brotherhood .
Domestic violence is not limited to any segment of the community — ethnic , religious , or otherwise — but the utter abdication of responsibility by the leading Islamic organizations is compounded by their hypocritical promotion of the anti-woman , pro-violence agenda as represented by their most prominent spokesmen and scholars .
In fact , both Siddiqi and Badawi serve on the ISNA ’s Fiqh Council of North America , which they bill as the top Islamic religious ruling body in the U.S. ( with Siddiqi serving as the group ’s chairman and Badawi on the executive council ) .
And despite their present position that Buffalo beheader Hassan had a long and well - known history of domestic violence ( that they are promoting to absolve themselves of any responsibility ) , these organizations could have cared less how many wives Hassan had gone through ( three , in fact ) as long as he was doing their bidding — a point well made by Dr. Zuhdi Jasser of the American Islamic Forum for Democracy .
It is a positive development that moderate Muslims are speaking out against Islamic leaders who openly promote and practice domestic violence .
But until they find better leaders than Saalakhan , Siddiqi , and Badawi , and institutions like MANA , ISNA , and CAIR abandon their theology that tolerates wife beating , there is little hope that things will improve for women in the Muslim community anytime soon .
YESTERDAY morning , Virginia politicos caught wind of a rumour that one of the Democrats in the state Senate was about to switch parties .
Because the Democrats had a 21 - 19 majority , that shift would have flipped control over to the Republicans .
Then Jeff Frederick , the chairman of the state Republicans picked up his smartphone and sent out a tweet .
Big news out of Senate : Apparently one dem is either switching or leaving the dem caucus .
Negotiations for power sharing underway .
And that 's how the Democrats found about about the plot .
They adjourned business , cornered the rogue senator , and browbeat him out of his big plan .
" Be authentic on Twitter , " texted Patrick Ruffini , a Republican web guru .
" But still keep a frickin ' secret when you need to . "
Copying the Wrong Thing
Jason Fried on why you should n’t copy 37signals ( or anyone else ) :
Should n’t copying something be easier than creating it ?
Someone else already did the work , right ?
The problem is that the work on the original is invisible .
The copier does n’t know why it looks the way it looks or feels the way it feels or reads the way it reads .
The copied interface is a faux finish .
A common knock against 37 signals ’s products is that they work perfectly — if you happen to think exactly like Jason Fried .
And so of course none of the knock - off products are very good , because they ’re aping the 37signals style without Jason Fried ’s direct input .
( And by “ Jason Fried ” I mean “ Jason Fried and everyone else at 37signals who helps design their products ” . )
What ’s worth copying is n’t the final product but the attitude .
It really is the case that Basecamp is a project management tool that looks and works exactly how 37signals thinks a project management tool should look and work .
It is very much unlike any project management software that came before it .
They did n’t start with what customers wanted , or with what existing project management software looked like , or by trying to guess what some group of faceless others would want .
They designed and built what they themselves wanted , under the assumption that there were some number of other people who would want the same thing .
What drives some people nuts about 37 signals is that their products are not for everyone .
But they ’ll be the first ones to agree with that .
Rather than trying to build things that work OK for everyone , they ’re building things that work really well for some people .
And how often does building something “ for everyone ” actually work out , anyway ?
The closest anyone has ever come , I think , is Google ’s web search .
Good luck trying to duplicate that sort of success .
The key ingredient I see in successful apps , Mac or web — and , really , in creative commercial endeavors of any kind — is that the creators are building something they themselves love .
That ’s what you should copy .
– Artificially Hip–
Seeing as I ’ve gotten marks back from it and she ’ll likely have stopped searching the internet for plagarism , I feel it ’s safe to put last term ’s Sociology paper up here – not because I think it ’s a particularly brilliant paper , or because I think you want to read it , but because it ’s a damned fascinating topic to me .
Asides , the generational study section works well with a debate that I ’ve been sort of having with another writer on here .
I ’ll do a seperate post and linkage up here soon .
And , I suppose , because while the paper itself can’t help a student doing the same thing , the works cited section can .
And given how damned hard I worked to find some of these resources , I think it ’d be real kind of me to share them .
As I was going through it to do some of the formatting that did n’t transfer from Word , I found two errors and a grammatical hiccup that needed fixing .
The prof did n’t notice them , but I ’m still a little irritated that I missed them while I was editing .
— — — –
North American culture , at it ’s core , is n’t as much a consumerist culture as it is a status - driven society .
Especially among the younger generations , almost everything we do is devoted to amassing status .
Wealth is equitable with status , and so we work .
In order to show off our wealth and gain status from our good taste , we buy things .
Conversations are exchanges of information , anecdotes , and queries , all for the purposes of gaining status and regard from the other party .
Our consumer tendencies are driven by fashions , trends and fads that are not nearly as spontaneous as they seem – much of the independent or underground content in our culture is a carefully created product , aimed at influencing our opinions .
The Media
Viral content on the internet is exchanged by users , moving rapidly across massive social networks .
Members of these networks use email , instant messengers , and social networking websites to post pictures , text , and links to video and soundbites .
These are then distributed to like - minded network members .
Because these networks are not only interpersonal , but physically electronic , the internet provides an excellent arena for the study of memes as they progress through susceptible groups .
Coined in 1976 by Richard Dawkins work “ The Selfish Gene , ” the term refers to self - replicating pieces of information or ideas .
In the same way that genes are copied and subtly altered as evolution progresses , memes are ideas that do the same .
We are all hardwired to imitate behaviours seen in our neighbours , and to retain behaviours that are for whatever reason deemed somehow successful .
It is in the form of memes that our culture is transmitted in the process of socialization .
Every item of culture that is passed around on the internet is a meme in it ’s own right .
Coming with their own incentives to be transmitted , memes use numerous tactics to transmit themselves between various users .
However , having all the necessary elements does n’t guarantee the success of any particular piece of media as a piece of viral media .
According to Malcolm Gladwell in his book “ The Tipping Point ” ( 2000 ) , any meme or piece of viral media needs a combination of three “ laws ” to come together in order for it to be dispersed .
His “ law of the few ” says that a small number of individuals hold a disproportionate amount of influence over their social circles , and it is the support of all three types of these people that serve to disperse the media .
A “ maven ” is an opinion leader , whose word is trusted and has authority on a topic within their group .
A “ persuader ” is a change expert , bringing slower members onside with the rest of the group , and lending weight to the maven ’s opinions .
Finally , “ connectors ” are links by which a piece is transmitted from one group to another .
Where the artificial creation of trends enters is when a meme or media snippet is inserted into one or more networks in the hopes that it will “ go viral ” .
When this tactic succeeds , it can generate immense amounts of interest and buzz about a company or product , almost for free .
An easy example of this phenomena are videos like Honda ’s “ Cog ” commercials , which made the rounds on the internet long before they were formally released as commercials to TV or theatres .
Another is the recent rounds that a Nike spot called “ touch of gold ” made on YouTube .
Featuring soccer star Ronaldinho , it shows him juggling the ball and bouncing the ball off the crossbar four times in a row .
The video is shot in an amateur video style , as though taken with a low end camcorder or excellent camera phone .
Distributed virally by word of mouth , the video was taken at almost face value , because people generally put far more weight on word of mouth recommendations than conventional advertising .
( Herr , Kardes , and Kim , 1991 )
The video spread rapidly , first among Barcelona ( his team ) fans , and then soccer fans worldwide .
From there , it moved into the eyes of mainstream population .
Mainly spreading on web forums , YouTube , and social networks , the video was in fact a subversive ad carefully created and released by Nike Soccer .
It ’s method of release and style meant it was given credibility and attention not normally given to advertising , and it was passed on to pretty much everyone likely to be interested in it .
And all at no cost beyond filming and production to Nike .
It is this specific , automatic , targeting and rapid spread that makes successful viral marketing such an alluring target for the large corporations .
Because members of a group know their friends ’ interests , a message or advert not likely to interest the friend is n’t likely to get passed on to them , because there is no social reward in it for the originator .
However , passing it on to someone who finds it interesting generates a positive social response from the recipient .
It is this positive social response that makes viral media & online memes so popular among their distributors .
Social Factors & Opinion Leaders
According to Douglas Ruskoff , the memes and media we exchange on a day - to - day basis are n’t merely information and ideas , but are also a form of social currency , traded for respect , esteem , and status among our peers .
In his book , “ Get Back in the Box : Innovation from the Inside Out ; ” ( 2005 ) , he claims that the driving force behind all creativity in the networked age is the need to create social currency .
The example that he leads off with is that of a joke told at a party .
He says that most people will listen initially because they want to hear the punch line .
Initially , all they want is the laugh at the end , but as the joke goes on , especially if it ’s a good joke , they will begin storing it away for future use .
It is , in effect , social currency that can be taken and used somewhere else .
Exchanges of this social currency , he claims , build and strengthen connections between people , and it is for the purpose of these connections that we collect and manufacture artefacts and memes of social currency .
According to Ruskoff , our buying behaviour is the same .
An item ’s social currency value is often more important than the pure ownership of the item , and is often weighed equally or greater than the actual value of the item .
He claims that they key to selling products is n’t about convincing people to sell them to their peers , but instead to create products that generate social currency on their own .
This premise was confirmed by a 1995 study ( Firat and Venkatesh ) that showed that the judgements on the appeal of the product by the group become more important than the item itself .
In effect , the buyer is purchasing approval from the group , and getting an item as an added benefit .
Marketers are also aware of the fact that social currency is contextual .
An item can have immense value one day and almost none the day after , depending on the whims of the groups .
It is this change in values that new products rely on .
If old products never went out of vogue , new brands would never succeed .
Instead , fad and fashions within a group shift with the opinions of its members .
Within these groups , though , some members exert more influence than others .
Similar to Gladwell ’s “ Maven ” ( 2000 ) , opinion leaders within groups tend to be the main source of change within a group .
This is not to say they are necessarily the leader , or the socially dominant member , just that their opinions are trusted by the rest of the group , and that they lead most changes in the group .
In a 2004 study conducted by Eric Vernette for the Journal of Advertising Research , researchers examined what factors determined opinion leaders within fashion in France .
Because of the powerful informal influence that opinion leaders exert over groups , advertisers have long sought ways to target them , with varying degrees of success .
Hard and fast methods for identifying opinion leaders are rarely successful , given that opinion leaders differ greatly from one culture to another .
( Marshall and Gitosudarmo , 1995 ) However , there are commonalities between , and traits that tend to be shared by most such leaders .
Opinion leaders tend to be more sociable ( Johnson - Brown and Reingen , 1987 ) , more innovative , ( Goldsmith and Desborde , 1991 ) and have more self confidence ( Summers , 1970 ) than non-leaders , but these traits could just as easily be the product of their position rather than a cause .
Summers also concluded , in the same study , that opinion leaders within female fashion tend to be more mentally stable and less depressed than the average population .
These leaders tend to have a more favourable opinion of advertising than non-leaders , seeing many adverts as sources of information that they can use later on .
As those following them see them as informed opinion leaders , they often read magazines and adverts in order to gain information that they can use in their expert role later .
The study also found that opinion leaders talk more about media , advertising and fashion than two non-opinion leaders would together .
A good guess would be that this is in order to show their knowledge and display why they should be seen for expert advice .
It is a way of maintaining their position within their group .
The same study also measured the numbers of people falling into a five - part scale of innovation and opinion leadership .
It was found that the top 2.5 percent of a population innovates and adopts innovations of their own accord .
Opinion Leaders come in next , with still only 13.5 percent of the population represented .
As there is no hard line dividing opinion leaders from followers , the study also included an additional 15 percent that the designated as weak opinion leaders .
However when combined , this only comes out to a group of approximately 25 percent of any group , effectively making purchasing and fashion decisions for the group .
However , this demographic figure is shifting as groups change from having fewer leaders to Millennial - style collectives .
( See “ Why Now ” )
The three groups interplaying together here can easily slip into a version of Merton ’s definitions of conformity and deviance .
The goal would be social status , and the means would be conventional fashion .
In this case , the only true conformists would be the non-opinion leaders .
The opinion leaders would fall under innovators , as while they accept and succeed in the goal of social status , they avoid conforming to the fashions of the time , and instead seek out new things to introduce to the group .
The last group falls into both rebellion and innovation , depending on the individual motives .
These tend to be people who do not conform to conventional fashions , and instead create their own works , either as a protest statement ( Grunge punk , for instance ) in the case of the rebel or as a bypass to status , as an ( attempted ) trendsetter .
Why Now
The power of opinion leaders has been recognised by marketing groups , and several viral or subtle marketing campaigns have been pushed through opinion leaders , most commonly online .
Just recently , six popular and influential Toronto bloggers were approached and offered incentives to publicise an upcoming show by a band from their city .
This was done in a staggered format , as though they had come across it on their own , and as though it was by their own initiative that they were pushing the upcoming show .
This particular use shows a particularly powerful manipulation of social networking sites like MySpace in the generation of target - specific advertising to the youth who use their service .
By looking at geographical information entered by users , ads can be placed that apply to that area specifically , and by analysing “ friend networks ” it is possible to locate key members of various groups to use in campaigns such as the one mentioned above .
( Social Networking , 2006 )
It is important to realise that the key people are n’t always , in fact , are rarely , the ones with the most friends .
In “ Critical Mass ” ( 2004 359-71 ) , Philip Ball notes that the key people are in fact the people who join groups , the “ connectors ” as Gladwell called them .
These people are relatively well established , but not particularly powerful within either of their groups , and still provide the communication link by which the normally separate groups are joined .
While a connector does n’t necessarily have access to a large number of people on their own , they have secondary access to the widest circles .
It is these large secondary networks that are so important to current marketing tactics .
Each of us has access and influence , no matter how small , over about five thousand acquaintances .
( Ball , 359 - 71 )
This is a major and continuing change in demographics of relationships , given that cavemen , and even most feudal societies , were insular to their own group , avoiding contact with other tribes or villages .
As we develop further , we connect ourselves more over greater distances .
The recent explosion of the internet has nearly eliminated distance in our interactions .
The traits common the to current generation are also of huge importance in the rise of social networking and the dominance of alternate advertising media .
The Millennials are currently the second largest generation , after the Baby Boomers , and are the largest consumer group , commanding over $ 100 billion .
( Layman , 2004 ) Composed of everyone born between 1977 and 1994 , it is a large group , currently aged between 12 and 29 , on average .
( The Millennials , 2004 ) This generation has more time to spend shopping , and often more disposable income to use on luxury items .
Millennials spend less on food , groceries and necessities , and devote far more resources to fashion , entertainment , and electronics .
Demographics studies say that North American teenagers have an average of $ 100 a week of disposable income .
The Millennials are the least homogenous generation so far , influenced strongly by their racial , ethnic , and cultural diversity .
The document warns against making clear cut generalizations about the generation , Millennials are harder to pin down in their entirety than any previous group , not only because of the previously mentioned diversity , but also due to a significant diversity among homogenous groups .
There is no longer any clear “ mainstream ” culture , instead there are loose amalgamations of groups and identities that Millennials attach and detach themselves in relation to other factors .
A member of punk subculture , for example , is not just a punk , and not always one .
However , there are some characteristics that can be applied to most Millennials .
Generally , they are self - confident and team oriented .
New educational approaches saw them rewarded more for participation and cooperation than for actual results , leading to strong , social team players without a strong sense of where their strengths lie .
They are also a generation of risk takers .
The emergence of video games as tools of socialisation have taught Millennials that failure is part of the path to success , and more than previous generations , they are willing to fail multiple times in order to solve a problem .
As a generation , they have a strong sense of community , and have greater confidence in themselves as a collective whole rather than as individuals .
Group dynamic models are shifting from clear - cut leader / follower dynamics into consensus - driven collectives , with leadership and innovation coming from all or most of the group , and social power being transferred depending on the situation .
Generally , Millennials are seen as direct , pragmatic and humorous in their communications .
Subtlety , political correctness , and misdirection are seen as undesirable and dishonest traits .
They want to be seen as a generation unsusceptible to advertising , exaggeration , and hype .
More so than any generation before them , this is true .
Today ’s youth are the most media savvy and least susceptible to advertising so far .
Having grown up immersed in traditional advertising their entire lives , Millennials are far less susceptible to it ’s messages than their parents were , and largely unaffected by traditional advertising .
( Meskauskas , 2003 )
The exceptions to this are corporate / brand name awareness , and advertisements that interest them , such as the fashion opinion leaders in Vernette ’s study of French fashion magazine readership .
( 2004 ) Advertisements that provoke a positive response from Millennials are those that appeal to the values of honesty and directness .
Additionally , humour , especially irony , is increasingly important tools in getting conventional advertisements noticed by this increasingly discerning generation .
Traditional commercials pushing emotional content , slogans , or an specific image that were so successful with Boomers and Gen X have lost much of their effectiveness .
As a generation , Millennials are consummate consumers with short attention spans always on the lookout for something new , unusual , or value - priced .
With almost nonexistent brand - loyalty , Millennials like to be on the cutting edge of their group , and prefer to “ find ” hot new things rather than be told by advertising .
They gain social currency by being the first to find something new , and by passing it on to their group .
Their group can then gain currency in the same way by passing on the discovery to other groups they belong to .
It is at the aversion to traditional advertising and the desire to discover new things that Millennial consumer characteristics meets viral media and advertising .
Memes are by nature a pull media .
They have aspects that make finders want to pass them on , rather than demanding attention or distribution .
When the social conditions that lead to viral media , such as advertising resistance among the dominant economic demographic and a desire to discover new things , combines with a powerful information transmission medium like the internet , the conditions become effectively perfect for viral advertising and media to spread .
Significance
As we enter into a new generation ’s ascendancy , we not only see how that generation has adapted to it ’s environment , but also how it ’s environment has adapted to it .
With Millennials spending more and more time online , it becomes increasingly important for marketers and businesses to find ways of transmitting their message to an increasingly resistant audience .
The introduction of viral media and advertising has led to new ways of moving information and doing business .
Unfortunately , this leads every piece of information available on the internet open to suspicion .
As viral marketers are forced to be increasingly inventive and subtle , legitimate content can be subverted , such as in the case of the respected bloggers selling out .
As news of this spreads , this not only casts doubts on their credibility as unbiased sources , but also casts aspersions on the credibility of all bloggers .
Following the same path , readers trust in all written media online will erode over time , and with the slow progression of increasingly subtle marketing tactics .
In our rush to reject conventional advertising and pursue independent and novel products and ideas , we have set our culture up to be almost perfectly susceptible viral and underground tactics to influence our buying and thinking patterns .
We can’t really effectively fight against viral marketing , other than by accepting it as something that is here to stay , and regarding our sources critically and refusing to accept any mention of a slogan or product at face value .
It is key to keep in mind that when we take time to study a meme , mock an advert , or deconstruct a viral epidemic , we are n’t just educating and protecting ourselves from them ; we are devoting attention and thought to a piece of advertising , and in that , we are doing exactly what the makers wanted you to do .
References
Ball , Philip .
2004 .
Critical Mass New York .
Farrar , Straus , and Girroux ,
Firat , F. A. , and D. A. Venkatesh .
1995 . Libratory Postmodernism and the Reenchantment of Consumption Journal of Consumer Research 22.3 : 239-67 .
Gladwell , M. 2000 .
The Tipping Point London , Little , Brown and Company
Goldsmith , R. E. and R Desborne .
1991 .
“ A Validity Study of a measure of Opinion Leadership ” .
Journal of Business Research 9.1 :
Herr , P.M. , F. R. Kardes , and J. Kim. 1991 .
“ Effects of Word - of - Mouth and Product Attribute Information on Persuasion : An Accessibility Diagnostic Perspective ” Journal of Consumer Research 17.4 : 454-62 .
ICBC Business Intelligence & Customer Research .
March 15 , 2006 .
Market Profile : Under 26 Years Old –
This is a confidential internal document .
Sorry .
It was also the best resource I had .
Johnson - Brown , J. and P.H. Reingen .
1987 . Social Ties and Word of Mouth Referral Behaviour Journal of Consumer Research 14.3:350-62
Layman , M. October 14 , 2004 .
Meet the Echo-Boomers , The Spectator Online .
http://www.spectator-online.com
Marshall R. and I. Gitosudarmo .
1995 .
“ Variation in the Characteristics of Opinion Leaders Across Cultural Borders ” .
Journal of International Consumer Marketing 8.1:5-12
Meskauskas , J. October 15 , 2003 .
Millennials Surfing : Generation Y http://www.imediaconnection.com/content/2027.asp
Rushkoff , D. 2005 .
Get Back In The Box : Innovation from the Inside Out. New York , NY : HarperCollins .
Subramani , M. R. Dec 2003 .
“ Knowledge - Sharing and Influence in Online Social Networks via Viral Marketing ” in Communications of the ACM .
42.12 : 300-7 .
Summers , J. O. 1970 ..
“ The Identity of Women ’s Clothing Fashion Opinion Leader ” Journal of Marketing Research 7.2 : 178-85
“ Social Networking : Community Leaders ” .
July 6 , 2006 .
New Media Age , 21 .
Retrieved Dec 1 2006 .
Available : DialogueWeb .
The Millennials .
July 1 , 2004 .
New Strategist Publications .
Inc .
Vernette , E. March 2004 .
“ Targeting Womens Fashion Opinion Leaders in Media Planning : An Application for Magazines . ” Journal of Advertising Research , 44.1 : 90 ( 18 ) Retrieved Dec 1 2006 .
Available : DialogueWeb .
コレラ被害が増加し続けているアフリカ南部、ジンバブエのヌドロブ情報広報相は１３日まで、コレラの感染拡大は「計算され、人種攻撃的な、米国や欧州各国の協力を得た旧宗主国、英国の力によるもので、我が国の侵略を目指したものだ」と強く非難した。
南アフリカの不幸は、アパルトヘイト撤廃の頃にHIV/AIDSの流行が拡大したこと。撤廃と和解という課題をかかえた最後の白人政権de
Klerk大統領[ 1989-1994 ]と最初の黒人政権Nelson Mandela大統領[ 1994-1999 ]
はAIDS対策に気が回らず、妊娠女性のHIV感染率は25%を上回ってしまった。
さらに、不幸だったことは、現政 権Thabo Mbeki大統 領 [ 1999 -] が、HIVはAIDS の原因ではないというAIDS再評価運動な考えを信じていること。そしてMbeki大統領は政権発足時に、ガーリックやレモンでAIDSが防げるのだと主張するDr Manto Tshabalala-Msimangを厚生相に任命したこと。
そのためAIDS対策は遅滞し、その結果が、国民のHIV感染率は10%を超え、妊娠女性の感染率30%になるという事態だった。
人口の17.5%がカトリックであるモザンビークで、カトリックの指導者Maputo大司教Francisco Chimoioが次のように語った。
" Condoms are not sure because I know that there are two countries in Europe , they are making condoms with the virus on purpose , " he alleged , refusing to name the countries .
「コンドームは確実ではない。何故なら、私は欧州の2か国が、故意にウィルスを感染させたコンドームを製造していることを知っているからだ」と大司教は主張したが、2か国の名前を明らかにすることを拒否した。
" They want to finish with the African people .
This is the programme .
They want to colonise until up to now .
If we are not careful we will finish in one century 's time . "
「 彼らはアフリカ人を滅ぼしたいのだ。これは計画である。彼らは今に至るも、植民地をつくりたいのだ。もし、我々が注意深くなければ、一世紀のうちに我々は滅びるだろう。」
[ Shock at archbishop condom claim ( 2007/09/26 ) on BBC via Aetiology & Pharyngula ]
大司教の発言は 、AIDSの原因がHIVではないというAIDS再評価運動( HIV 否定論)とは異なる。しかし、結果は同じで、コンドームと抗ウィルス薬剤の拒否である。
イスラム教徒が多く住む同州では、急進的なイスラム聖職者や一部の医師が「ポリオワクチンには少女を不妊にする物質が入っている。アフリカの人口の減少を狙った米国をはじめとする西側諸国の陰謀だ」と主張。これを受けて同州当局は2003年、ポリオワクチンの子どもへの接種を13か月間停止した。
その後、国内外での臨床試験でワクチンの安全性が確認されたことを受け、ワクチン接種が再開された。だが、そのころまでには、ポリオが絶滅したと考えられていた西アフリカの他国へもカノ州からポリオが拡散してしまった。
さらに、ワクチン接種再開後も、親が子どもにワクチンを受けさせることに積極的になっていないと保健当局は指摘する。
亡くなったの はChristine Maggioreという52歳の女性で、「 HIV はAIDSの原因ではない」というHIV否定論( AIDS 再評価運動 ) の主張者のひとりである( HIV 否定論は、反進化論と温暖化否定論とともに、自然科学分野における3大否定論と呼ばれている）。
このChristine Maggioreは、HIVに感染していることがわかっていながら、母子感染リスクを下げるための抗レトルウィルス剤(ARV)の使用を拒否し、感染のリスクのある母乳養育を行って、娘Eliza Janeに母子感染させた。そして、2005年春にEliza JaneはAIDS関連肺炎で3歳で亡くなった。
しかし 、Christine MaggioreはHIV否定論を取り下げることはなく、娘の死因はAIDSではないと主張し続けた。そして、自らもここ半年は肺炎を患い、2008年12月27日に死亡した。
南アフリカ のAIDS事情とAIDS否定論者の動向を継続的に取り上げている「 忘却からの帰還 」 のKumicitさんが、今日のエントリで南アフリカのAIDS状況のプレゼンを取り上げていた。via 忘却からの帰還 : 短寿命化する南アフリカで アフリカのサハラ以南のAIDS事情はもう酷いの一言に尽きるんだが、どれくらい酷いのかを一目で理解できる良いグラフがこのスライド資料にあったので、関連記事のまとめも兼ねてうちでも紹介してみる。まず一枚目。アフリカサハラ以南の国家の平均寿命の推移。グラフを見れば一目瞭然だが、アフリカ南部の複数の国家で現在AIDSの為に猛烈な勢いで平均寿命が下がっている。原因は子供や若い世代でAIDSを発症し死亡する人間が増えているため。ここ20年ほどの間に、南アフリカで13歳、ジンバブエで17歳、最も酷いボツワナに至っては25歳以上平均寿命が下がっている。第二次大戦後、栄養・医療事情の改善によってアフリカの平均寿命はかなり伸びたのだが、HIV/AIDSが蔓延している地域では再度急激な低下がはじまり、「忘却からの帰還」のエントリで取り上げられているように社会に深刻な影響が出ている。二枚目、各国のHIV感染率 in adults 。アウトブレークの臨界点は1990年前後で、このあたりの年を境に急激に感染率が上昇している。このとき初期制圧に失敗した国が、現在劇的なAIDS患者の増加が起こっている国、すなわち最初のグラフで平均年齢が下がっている国々だ。こちらのグラフはアフリカの主な死因のパーセンテージを示したもの。1. HIV / AIDS : エイズ : 22.6％2. lower respiratory infection : 下気道感染症 : 10.1％3 . Malaria : マラリア : 9.1％4 . Diarrhoeal disease : 下痢性疾患 : 6.7％5 . Perinatal conditions : 周産期疾患 : 5.5 ％6 . Measles : はしか : 4.3％7 . Tuberculosis : 結核 : 3.6％8 . Ischaemic Heart disease : 虚血性心疾患 : 3.1％9 . Cerebrovascular disease : 脳血管疾患 : 2.9％10 .
Maternal conditions : 妊娠疾患 : 2.3％２位に大差をつけてTOPに立つのがAIDS。現在アフリカでは5人に1人がAIDSで死ぬ。それ以外にも下気道感染症、下痢性疾患、マラリア、はしか、結核など、感染症起因の死を合算すると軽く5割を超える。先進国とは違い、これらの国々では未だ感染症が社会の脅威なのである。…でもって、別の意味で脅威なのが、これらの国々の電波に頭を犯された政治家達。例えばジンバブエでは、感染症にろくな対策もとらず先進国からの援助も断る一方で、こんなことを言っていたり。南アフリカ共和国では最近ようやく陰謀論者が政権から追い出されてまともな対策がなされるようになったが、それ以前はと信じと主張し全力でAIDS治療の足を引っ張るような人間が厚生大臣に居座っていたり、いわゆるHIV否定論と呼ばれる、「HIVはAIDSの原因でない」と主張するニセ科学の信奉者が大統領だったりと散々な状況で、ろくな対策もされないままパンデミックが野放しにされてしまった。陰謀論を撒き散らすのはアホな政治家だけじゃない。あっちでもこっちでもデマゴーグ。もう目を覆わんばかりの惨状だ。さらに、こういった陰謀論の中には先進国からアフリカに" 輸出"
されたものが多い。例えば南アフリカ共和国の大統領たちが信奉していたUC
Berkeleyの生物学教授ピーター・デュースバーグ（
Peter Duesberg ）とか、を主張していたドイツの似非医者マチアス・ラス（
Matthias Rath ）とか。南アフリカの惨状の一因となり、こういう狂信者↓を多数生み出した彼らの罪は重い。人の命を食い物にする似非連中を裁く法律があればいいのに。＜追記＞さらに詳しく知りたい人向けに、各種統計データへのリンクを載せておく。英語圏のサイトだけど、統計データだから数字と国名が分かれば意味は理解できるはず。HIV感染者数 感染率はともかく感染者の絶対数で見ると2位インド、14位中国、16位タイなどアジアも既にイエローゾーン。HIV感染者数/人口
HIV 感染率1％以上の国家は、2001〜2003の時点で43カ国に上る。アジア圏ではカンボジア1.2％、タイ0.9％など、東南アジアが危険域。成人のHIV感染率（2003）
スワジランドの感染率38.8％、ボツワナの感染率37.3％など、アフリカ勢がひどいことになっている。アジアではカンボジア2.6％、タイ1.5％など。成人のHIV感染率（15〜49歳）これは2001年のデータ女性のHIV感染率（15〜49歳）親をAIDSによって失ったAIDS孤児の数（0〜14歳）ナイジェリア、エチオピア、コンゴを筆頭に、アフリカ諸国でそれぞれ数十万人単位のAIDS孤児が生まれている。HIV/AIDSによる年間死者数
TOP は南アフリカ共和国。ムベキ政権の負の遺産。2位がインドで30万人がAIDSで亡くなっている点も見過ごせないポイント。HIV/AIDSによる年間死者数/人口
絶対数ではなく人口当たりのAIDS死者数で見た場合、ボツワナ、レソト、スワジランドと続く。平均寿命（出生時平均寿命）
日本のように平均寿命が80歳を越す国々も多くある一方で、サハラ以南の国家には平均寿命が30〜40歳代の国家が多数。平均寿命が最も短いのはスワジランドの31.99歳＜修正履歴＞・各種統計データの紹介を追記・ピーター・デュースバーグ（Peter Duesberg）とマチアス・ラス（Matthias Rath）のWikipediaリンクを追記。
When United Kingdom authorities used anti-terrorism laws against Iceland last October , a group called In Defence was formed .
The group ’s website received a great deal of international attention for its quirky and imaginative use of photographs to highlight the idea that calling Icelanders terrorists could hardly be a less accurate description .
The next stage in the campaign is to present a petition consisting of four 500 - page volumes with over 83,300 signatures to the British - Icelandic All - Party Parliamentary Group at the Houses of Parliament tomorrow .
The event will include Orri Pall Dyrason from Sigur Ros , who will play a small drum , an Icelandic woman wearing a “ skautbuningur , ” the traditional and symbolic Icelandic costume , and organisers of the “ Icelanders are NOT Terrorists ” campaign .
Also present outside the Palace of Westminster will be students and members of the Icelandic Society of London showing their support with signs .
The petition will be handed over in the Jubilee Room at the Palace of Westminster between 14.30 and 15.00 tomorrow and media interviews will be conducted afterwards in the Westminster Hall .
“ www.indefence.is was launched on 22nd October by a group of Icelanders with close ties to the United Kingdom who wished to protest against the use of the Anti-terrorism Act by the British government against a struggling ally .
The group seeks an end to diplomatic hostilities between the two governments and to engender greater understanding and comradeship between the people of Iceland the United Kingdom .
“ The interactive Web site , which can be read in nine languages , depicts Icelanders holding signs that announce that they are not terrorists .
The campaign has attracted broad - based support among Icelanders , and the number of their signatures represents one - quarter of the population of the country .
Hundreds of these supporters , including members of Sigur Ros , have posed for their own picture postcards with messages directed to the British government .
Citizen from all over the world have also signed the petition and offered words of support that can be read online , ” the group ’s press release says .
The Lunar Orbiter Image Recovery Project ( LOIRP ) is providing a refreshing look at the Moon and Earth – imagery taken some 40 years ago .
This story was updated at 1:17 p.m. EDT .
WOODLANDS , Texas —
Images of the moon gleaned from NASAspacecraft more than 40 years ago are now getting a 21st century makeoverthanks to the Lunar Orbiter Image Recovery Project ( LOIRP ) .
Back in 1966 and 1967 , NASA hurled a series of Lunar Orbiterspacecraft to the moon .
Each of the five orbiters were dispatched to map thelandscape in high - resolution and assist in charting where best to set downApollo moonwalkers and open up the lunar surface to expanded human operations .
By gathering the vintage hardware toplayback the imagery , and then upgrading it to digital standards , researchershave yielded a strikingly fresh look at the old moon .
Furthermore , LOIRP ?
sefforts may also lead to retrieving and beefing up video from the firsthuman landing on the moon by Apollo 11 astronauts in July 1969 .
Digital domain
Dennis Wingo , LOIRP ?s team leader , detailed the group ? s workin progress during last week ?s 40th Lunar and Planetary Science Conference .
Teamed with SpaceRef.com , LOIRP ?s saga is one ofacquiring the last surviving Ampex FR - 900 machinery that can play analog imagedata from the Lunar Orbiter spacecraft .
Wingo noted that the work is backed byNASA ?s Exploration Systems Mission Directorate , the space agency ?s Innovative Partnership Program , along with private organizations , making it possible tooverhaul old equipment , digitally upgrade and clean - up the imagery viasoftware .
LOIRP islocated at NASA ?s Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , Calif .
There , projectmembers are taking the analog data , converting it into digital form andreconstructing the images .
By moving them into the digital domain , Wingo said , thephotos now offer a higher dynamic range and resolution than the originalpictures , he added .
? We ?re going to be releasing these to the whole world , ?Wingo said .
Use of the refreshed images , contrasted to what NASA ? supcoming Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) mission is slated to produce , hasan immediate scientific benefit .
That is , what is the frequency of impacts onthe Moon ?s already substantially crater - pocked surface ?
? We?ll be able to get crater counts , ?
Wingo told SPACE.com .?LRO imagery of the same terrain imaged decades ago will provide a crater countover the last 40 years .?
Frozen intime
There ?
salso a more down to Earth output thanks to LOIRP scientists .
They have useda Lunar Orbiter 1 image of the Earth for climate studies , basically a snapshotfrozen in time that shows the edge of the Antarctic ice pack on August 23,1966 .
The team isworking with the National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder , Colorado tocorrelate their images of the Earth with old NASA Nimbus 1 and Nimbus 2 s pacecraft imagery that flew at about the same time — in the mid-1960s — as the Lunar Orbiter 1 .
Nimbus satellites were meteorological research and developmentspacecraft .
Wingo said thatthe original Nimbus images may have been recorded on an Ampex FR - 900 — so byprocessing the original Nimbus tapes there is a very good chance that they canprovide NASAwith polar ice pack data from ten years earlier .
Lessonslearned
One treasure hunt outing by LOIRP may lead to finding whatsome term as ?
lost ?
Apollo11 slow scan tapes , Wingo said .
? We don ?t think they are lost .
People have been looking forthe wrong tapes , ?
he said , explaining that they were recorded on Ampex FR - 900 equipment ?
not on another type of recorder as previously thought .
Wingo said those Apollo tapes are stored at the FederalRecords Center , labeled and ready for a look see .
? We think for the 40th anniversary of Apollo we may be ableto get the original slow scan tapes , ?
Wingo said .
If so , the hope is to recoverthem and give the public a higher - quality , never - before - seen view of humanexploration of the Moon .
There is a lesson learned output from LOIRP .
In the beginning , very few people thought this could bedone ?
but now they have seen the results , ?
Wingo said .
It is not enough to have 100 year recording medium , Wingoexplains .
Without the retention of the specific era equipment that images arearchived on , it will be impossible for future generations to recover older NASAor other satellite data , he advised .
This is a general issue , not specific to the Lunar Orbiterprogram .
The retention of critical hardware should be a requirement for flightefforts .
The original historic Apollo 11 slow scan images have been lost due toinattention to this critical detail , Wingo concluded .
Video - Apollo 11 : The First Moon Men
Video - Direct From the Moon
Skywatcher 's Guide to the Moon
LeonardDavid has been reporting on the space industry for more than four decades .
Heis past editor - in - chief of the National Space Society 's Ad Astra and SpaceWorld magazines and has written for SPACE.com since 1999 .
Six prisoners in Canada used nail clippers and other makeshift instruments to break out of prison .
While fellow inmates blocked the guards ' view , they were able to dig through to an outer wall , which they then scaled to escape .
They were later recaptured and said they never expected to get away with it but the work gave them something to do .
A government report has made more than 20 recommendations to improve security at the prison in Saskatchewan .
It had been examining how the prisoners managed to escape from the Regina correctional centre last summer .
The report said investigators could accept inmates deceiving staff on a particular shift but not that " an entire corridor of inmates can deceive at least 87 corrections workers ... and engineer an escape of this magnitude " .
New prison
The prisoners , four of whom faced murder charges , used modified nail clippers and other tools to remove a heating grill and chip away at the brickwork until they were able to smash through the wall .
It was something to do and we just kept at it
Former escaped prisoner
They were able to toil away at this while their friends blocked the view of the staff by playing cards in the corridor .
The six inmates escaped the compound in the prairies of central Canada by using blankets and sheets to scale the outer walls .
" We did n't think we would get away with it , " one escaped prisoner told the investigating team .
" We started working on it .
It was something to do and we just kept at it .
When we did n't get caught , we picked our night and just went . "
The Saskatchewan government has accepted the report 's findings and said it will build a new C$ 87 m ( $ 68 m ; £ 49 m ) remand centre .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
RCP expelled from SF Anarchist Bookfair by Bay Area Anarchist
Saturday Mar 14th , 2009 10:23 PM
Maoist from the RCP were booted out of the grounds of the SF Bay Area Anarchist Bookfair by vigilant anarchists who understand that Maoists have murdered anarchists and other anti-state revolutionaries whenever they 've had the chance .
No compromise or debate with our enemies !
So a couple of shills for the RCP decided to try to colonize some of the space inside the grounds of the San Francisco Hall of Flowers ( the location of the annual SF Bay Area Anarchist Bookfair ) .
Some naive anarchist at the information table had apparently given them the all - clear on his own initiative -- although , to be fair , who knows what kind of bullshit the Maoists were slinging ?
Alerted to the presence of our enemies , some of us went out to confront them , grabbing some of their stuff and kicking over a box of their dumb ass rag of a " news " paper .
They thought they were being insulting by calling us " authoritarians " -- as if Maoists are somehow not .
One of the Bookfair organizers intervened to keep us from getting physical , and gave them 5 minutes to pack up their paraphernalia and leave the grounds , or else he'd get some of us to help them pack and move .
The zombies for Chairman Bob tried to debate the finer points of their legal status for a good two minutes , while studiously ignoring the time limit .
The organizer then told them that their 5 minutes were up ( I guess he could n't tell the time either ) , and began gathering up their stuff .
I was only too happy to help them .
All the while they whined that we were discriminating against them .
They eventually settled in on the grass outside the grounds .
About 20 minutes later , someone decided that even away from the entrance their presence was intolerable at our event , and chucked a 5 gallon bucket of water through the air at their table .
It was a direct hit , and it was awesome to behold .
They finally got the message , but not before complaining loudly to anyone who was dumb enough to listen to them .
SF Bay Area anarchists are certain to be denounced as counter - revolutionary scum in the next issue of the RCP " news " paper , but you heard it here first dear readers , and I for one , take full credit for participating in making sure that the Maoist shills did n't interfere with our event .
Let them organize their own celebration where they can explain the joys of the Cultural Revolution , the betrayal of the Shanghai Commune , and the executions of self - organized workers and peasants who defied Mao and his thugs .
Revolution , not Parties .
Revolution , not States .
For anarchy !
Amazon.com released Kindle for iPhone late Tuesday night , providing iPhone users with the ability to read more than 240,000 Kindle - formatted books from Amazon 's e-book library .
It 's a free download from the App Store .
Here 's what Kindle for iPhone does :
You can access all the Kindle e-books in your Amazon account , downloading and storing them on your iPhone or iPod Touch for later reading .
( Just enter in your Amazon user name and password to link your iPhone to your Kindle account . )
The Kindle app will also sync your place to Amazon 's servers , allowing you to switch between the iPhone and Kindle hardware without losing track of where you are .
There are some catches , however : According to Amazon , Kindle for iPhone supports only books , not newspaper or magazine subscriptions .
You also can't buy books directly from the app , but must use Amazon 's Web site or the Kindle hardware ( recently updated to Kindle2 ) .
Still , for avid book readers without a Kindle , this new app will vastly increase the number of books commercially available on the iPhone .
And Kindle users will appreciate the ability to read their books ( but not periodicals ) on the go , even if the Kindle is n't available .
This story , " Amazon Releases Kindle for IPhone " was originally published by Macworld .
Viking Ships Found Over the Last 12 Years
As far as I was able to find out , at least eight important viking ship finds have been reported over the last twelve years .
In July 1997 a joint expedition of the Center for Russian Underwater Archaeology and Archeoclub d’Italia discovered a wreck of a 9th or 10th century Varangian ship in Dalnaja Bay near Vyborg , Russia .
Sections of the lower part of the hull made of oak boards and a long piece of the keel seemed to be rather well preserved .
The planks were fastened together with iron nails , wooden pegs and tarred rope .
In September 1997 ground - penetrating radar located a Viking ship in a burial mound on a farm known as Stein in Hole , Ringerike district , southern Norway .
The radar first revealed what might be the contours of a large ship or stones around it .
Later one of the extracted cores revealed a ten - inch - thick layer of wood .
The Ringerike mound is similar to the Gokstad and Oseberg burial mounds with Viking ships .
It was suggested that the Ringerike mound may hold the burial of Halfdan the Black , the father of Harald Hairfair , the first king of Norway .
The initial tests showed that the mound dates from between AD 800 and 900 .
In December 2003 metal detector enthusiasts discovered a rich trove of Viking artifacts in a ploughed riverside field in Yorkshire , at a site , which is being kept secret .
The trove included seven coins of the reign of King Burgred of Mercia , two from the kingdom of Alfred the Great , king of Wessex , a fragment of a silver dirham from Baghdad , fragments of two swords , two sets of scales with weights , a pile of small silver ingots , a belt buckle and strap ends .
What is much more important , also boat nails were discovered at the site , which pointed to a 9th century Norse boat burial site .
Plans are now underway for a full excavation .
In June 2004 , during the largest excavation of a Viking burial site in Norway since the Kaupang dig in the 1950s , nails of a Viking burial ship were found at the Gulli farm in Vestfold , near Tønsberg , south of Oslo .
The wood had rotted away , but judging from where nails were found , measurements revealed much about the size and construction of the ship .
The graves at the burial site , which lies adjacent to the busy E - 18 highway , date from the end of the 8th century to the middle of the 10th .
In September 2006 a boat was found in a burial place near the E6 highway in Bjørnstad in Østfold County , southeast Norway .
The ship ’s contours were 6.6 meters ( 21.65 feet ) long and 1.4 meters ( 4.6 feet ) wide .
The wood had rotted away long ago in the sandy earth , but the nails gave an exact picture of how the ship once looked .
In October 2006 archeologists found the remains of a Viking ship in a burial mound on the Nordheim farm outside Larvik .
So many traces of the vessel were found that it should be possible to describe how the ship looked , but it was too early to say whether the ship could be excavated intact .
Archeologists also found indications that another ship is buried in the same area .
In September 2007 a Viking longship was discovered under a pub car park in Merseyside .
Actually , the workers first unearthed the vessel in 1938 , but their foreman , worried that the find could hold up work , ordered it reburied .
The sketch of the ship drawn by one of the builders ended up in the hands of his son who gave it to the local museum in 1991 , where it lay unread for more than a decade .
Now the funds are sought to pay for a major archeological dig to excavate the site .
Photo : Sail of the replica Viking ship Munin. Courtesy Foxtongue .
Used under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic Licence .
911 Dispatcher Fired For Buying Family Member Weed
By Marcus Gilmer in News on Mar 17 , 2009 9:20 PM
Photo by Laughing Squid Laura Llanes told the Tribune that her aunt , who had undergone a double mastectomy in 2008 , was , " sick constantly , not eating , not having an appetite .
She is diabetic .
She has to eat .
She was whittling away to nothing .
I thought I will get her some marijuana so it would get her to eat .
It worked .
She did get the munchies . "
Afterwards , she confided in some coworkers who in turn , as Llanes put it , " ratted me out . "
Llanes was never charged with any crime ; " All that mattered was that I admitted to committing an illegal act , " she told the Trib , adding she had no regrets .
Soon , though , Llanes may not have to worry about the repercussions of buying medicinal marijuana for her 60 - year - old aunt .
Just two weeks ago the Illinois House Human Services Committee passed HB 2514 , a bill making medical marijuana legal under certain circumstances , by a vote of 4 - 3 .
A similar state senate bill , SB 1381 , is under review by subcommittee with an April 3 deadline .
LARA JAKES
Associated Press
February 6 , 2009
A senior judge who has not followed President Barack Obama ’s order to halt military trials at Guantanamo Bay is among Bush administration appointees still overseeing how the Pentagon deals with terror captives .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Two other senior Pentagon officials have been shunted into civil service jobs .
As a result , they cannot be summarily fired because of the change in presidential administrations .
Susan J. Crawford is the top legal authority running military trials at the U.S. Navy base in Cuba .
She is a Bush political appointee who has remained idle since a lower - ranking military judge ordered a week ago that at least one trial of a terror detainee could go forward .
Obama ’s executive order , dated Jan. 22 , suspended all Guantanamo tribunals pending a review of the cases of the estimated 245 terror suspects detained there .
Without action from Crawford , however , the arraignment of suspected USS Cole bomber Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri is scheduled for Monday .
Dozens of Defense Department officials , along with relatives of the Cole victims , were on standby Thursday for a weekend flight to Guantanamo for the court hearing .
Asked Thursday if Crawford would halt the al - Nashiri case , Pentagon spokesman Cmdr. J.D. Gordon said , “ It remains to be determined . ”
The Pentagon has reviewed the cases of all three appointees , whom President George W. Bush ’s White House vetted and approved for political posts in 2007 .
A spokesman said defense officials concluded that none “ burrowed ” into the system — or improperly transferred from political to career jobs .
But their ongoing influence over one of Obama ’s first and most sensitive national security decisions raises questions by critics — within and outside the Pentagon — about whether those who championed the controversial Guantanamo military court system can now be depended upon to help shut it down .
White House spokesman Tommy Vietor did not immediately respond to a request for comment Thursday .
He was not initially aware of the Bush administration ’s three Guantanamo policy holdovers when asked about them earlier this week .
Read full article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
When President Obama tapped Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius for Secretary of Health and Human Services , there may have been some tightening in the chests of those fighting an expansion of the Holcomb Station coal - fired power plant – an expansion Sebelius has fought hard against .
In 2007 , Kansas become the central battleground in the fight against coal and regulating carbon dioxide when state Health and Environmental Secretary Roderick Bremby made the landmark decision to deny an air permit for the expansion at Holcomb , ruling that carbon dioxide needed to be regulated as a pollutant under the Clean Air Act .
But the principle beneficiaries of the expansion immediately launched a multi-venue political campaign to challenge the decision .
Sunflower Electric of Kansas , Tri-State G&T of Colorado , and Golden Spread Electric Cooperative poured money into lawsuits , public relations campaigns , and got legislation introduced into the House and Senate that would override Bremby and Sebellius .
Gov. Sebelius vetoed all three coal bills last year and coal supporters never mustered enough votes for an override .
To date , the decision sticks .
The folks at the Kansas - based Climate & Energy Policy Project assure us that Sebellius ’ replacement , Lt. Governor Mark Parkinson “ is in no way shape or form any weaker than Sebelius on clean energy policy . ”
But looking long term , some are worried .
Elizabeth Black at The Cutting Edge writes :
“ It does n’t help that he [ Parkinson ] announced a few weeks ago that he intends to leave public office to return to the private sector as soon as his term is over .
And with the coal issue heating up again , those plants — financed by out of state utilities for out of state customers — could get built , ironically in a part of the state where the wind blows even harder than the politicians , making it ideal for vast wind farms . ”
Although the bills rising in the state legislature , may look a little greener than those previous attempts to push Holcomb through , Gov. Sebelius calls them “ olive green . ”
At the Huffington Post , Simran Sethi writes :
“ Though discussions of renewable energy have been included , most fail to take advantage of the state ’s renewable resources and instead contain measures that would allow for the expansion of coal , including Sunflower ’s proposed plants in Holcomb . ”
The critical question is not whether Sebelius ’ replacement ( or Sebelius ’ replacement ’s replacement ) will block legislation that would usher in the Holcomb Station expansion — an expansion where some 86 percent of the electricity generated by the plants will be shipped to Colorado and Texas — the question is whether the point will be made moot by an Obama administration that has promised to rule carbon dioxide as a pollutant .
Image : CC licensed by flickr user wsilver
The Bill Mill NCAA Bracket Randomizer
Each year , when the NCAA basketball tournament comes around , I end up in four or five pools , with a separate bracket filled out for each .
I love the games , and I love having teams to root for , but I really hate the process of guessing to fill out my brackets .
I inevitably pick too many upsets , just because I want to have fun rooting for underdogs ; instead I end up bored after the first two rounds .
This year , I thought I could write some software to help me pick out my brackets .
If I let the computer pick reasonably but randomly for each pool , I figure that I stand a better chance of having one decent bracket instead of the assortment of crappy ones I normally end up with .
So the last two nights , I wrote myself a bracket randomizer ; just push the " randomize " button at the top and watch it go .
In order to pick what team will win a given game , it first calculates the chance each team will win by plugging Ken Pomeroy 's ratings into the log5 formula .
Then it picks a random number and compares it to the probability of the favorite winning ; if the number is lower than that , it advances the favorite .
Otherwise , it advances the underdog .
Rinse and repeat , and you should have a reasonable random bracket for the whole tournament .
The Output
Next to each team in the bracket , you 'll see three numbers in parentheses .
These numbers represent , respectively , the team 's Pythagorean rating , adjusted offensive efficiency , and adjusted defensive efficiency .
If that 's Greek to you ( groan ) , go check out Ken 's explanation of what that means .
The color of each team , once you 've randomized , represents their odds of winning .
Brighter green is more of a favorite , deeper red more of an underdog .
It should update the colors if you manually change the teams , but it wo n't ; I just did n't have time to get everything done that I wanted to .
Similarly , it wo n't update future games if you change the winner of an early one .
The Code
The surprisingly difficult part of this project was creating a simple HTML bracket that looked reasonable and allowed you to click to advance a team .
I did n't get everything into the page that I wanted to , simply because I spent so much time just getting that done .
( Keep in mind we 're talking about a 2 - night hack here ) .
The code to generate the bracket is contained in one super - ugly python file .
If you 've got ideas for stuff to add , or want to generate a cooler looking bracket , or just check out the code , you can go get it at github .
Feel free to fork and enjoy !
A US study that tracked eye movements of autistic and non-autistic toddlers watching animations found that autistic toddlers tended to pay more attention to those movements that coincided with sound rather than any other , giving a possible explanation for why autistic young children stare more at people ’s lips ( where motion and sound are synchronized : lip - synch ) than any other other parts of the body that might be sending important social cues , such as the eyes .
The study , which was partly funded by the National Institute of Health ’s National Institute of Mental Health ( NIMH ) was led by Dr Ami Klin , of the Yale Child Study Center at Yale University School of Medicine , New Haven , Connecticut , and colleagues , and was published online on 29 March in Nature .
Klin told the press that :
“ Typically developing children pay special attention to human movement from very early in life , within days of being born . ”
“ But in children with autism , even as old as two years , we saw no evidence of this , ” said Klin , explaining that , “ toddlers with autism are missing rich social information imparted by these cues , and this is likely to adversely affect the course of their development . ”
NIMH Director Dr Thomas R Insel , said :
“ For the first time , this study has pinpointed what grabs the attention of toddlers with ASDs . ”
“ In addition to potential uses in screening for early diagnosis , this line of research holds promise for development of new therapies based on redirecting visual attention in children with these disorders , ” he added .
We already know that autistic people do n’t respond straight away to social cues , but it has not been clear what contributes to that during early childhood development , and what is absorbing their atttention instead .
The key discovery came when researchers watched children ’s responses to sound and vision while watching a nursery rhyme cartoon .
For the study , Klin and colleagues tracked the eye movements of 76 two year olds with and without ASD while they watched cartoon animations on split screen displays .
Using a video game development technique called motion capture , the researchers reduced the movement of the cartoon characters to points of light so that only joints of the body were visible , like characters depicted by constellations of stars moving in the night sky .
The point of light animated characters moved normally , upright and forward on one half of the screen and upside down and backwards on the other half .
The normal soundtrack accompanied both presentations : the characters spoke the same things at the same time , except in the lower screen the speech was accompanied by upside down and backwards movements of the body .
Previous studies have shown that upside down and backward presentations of such movements trigger different brain circuits and interferes with how young children perceive biological motion .
Eye movement tracks revealed that 21 toddlers with ASD showed no preference for either of the animations , whereas 39 typically developing toddlers clearly preferred to watch the upright and forward ones , as did 16 non-autistic but developmentally delayed toddlers .
But , there was a puzzling exception : when sound and movement synchronized more accurately in the upright and forward version , the ASD toddlers paid more attention to it .
This happened in a pat - a - cake cartoon when the points of light of the character clapping his hands repeatedly synchronized with the loud clapping sound in the upright and forward screen but because of the upside down and backward orientation in the lower screen , the points of light did not synchronize as well with the clapping sound .
In the case of the pat - a - cake cartoon , the toddlers with ASD paid attention to the upright and forward version 66 per cent of the time , clearly showing a strong preference for this version .
The researchers began to suspect that what at first appeared to be random viewing of the other presentations could be that the toddlers with ASD were actually observing other sound and vision synchronicities that might not be so obvious to a more casual observer .
So they went back and re-analyzed the earlier data and found this to be the case : the eye tracks of the ASD youngsters were showing a preference for following subtle synchronous changes in motion and sound .
They found that 90 per cent of the ASD toddlers ’ eye tracks showed they preferred to follow audio- visual synchronies , whereas the typically developing children preferred to follow the most socially relevant movements .
Klin and colleagues then followed up with tests using new animations that optimized audiovisual synchrony and confirmed the results .
The researchers suggested that these findings might explain something they discovered in an earlier study : that ASD children as young as 2 show a preference for watching people ’s mouths rather than their eyes .
It could be because the mouth is the feature with the most synchrony between sound and motion : lip -synch .
Klin said their findings suggest that :
“ In autism , genetic predispositions are exacerbated by atypical experience from a very early age , altering brain development . ”
“ Attention to biological motion is a fundamental mechanism of social engagement , and in the future , we need to understand how this process is derailed in autism , starting still earlier , in the first weeks and months of life , ” added Klin .
“ Two - year - olds with autism orient to non-social contingencies rather than biological motion . ”
Ami Klin , David J. Lin , Phillip Gorrindo , Gordon Ramsay & Warren Jones .
Nature advance online publication 29 March 2009 .
doi:10.1038/nature07868
Sources : NIH / National Institute of Mental Health .
Written by : Catharine Paddock , PhD
MarketWatch reports on a peculiar situation developing in crude : super contango .
Right before the July 2007 peak I blogged about how contango could cause oil to rise and rise beyond supply / demand , until the bubble bursts .
Contango is normal for commodities markets , where the curve of spot delivery price to the next futures delivery price , and out towards later futures dates , is upwards sloping , reflecting the costs of storage and risk of demand fluctuation .
Oil insiders play the " basis " between the spot price and the next futures price ( and there are other bases for farther out futures ) .
We now have a very steep contango , where the spot price to the next delivery is pronounced .
The basis between Feb and July delivery is an astounding $ 15 or almost a 40 % premium ( $ 37 to $ 52 ) .
The basis at the just prior options expiration date , Dec19 , between the expiring January contract ( $ 33.87 ) and the February contract was $ 8.49 , the widest contango between two successive months ' contracts .
I was watching this , and on Dec22 the spot price got below $ 31 , and then ran up in two weeks over 60 % to crest $ 50 .
In the past week it has fallen to under $ 38 .
I have a friendly bet that before Obama 's inauguration it will go below $ 28 .
Since the options for the Feb contract expire this Friday , it will probaby make or break that bet either Friday or the following Monday .
Of course , a lot more can be made actually trading oil , but it is a very volatile commodity !
What is driving super contango is falling demand , an incredible over - supply , and expectations of higher prices this summer .
The storage bins in Cushing , OK are rapidly filling up .
I understand that many tankers are idling or coming very slowly , so more is stored on the sea .
Does it make sense that prices will rise to the levels above $ 50 when so much excess crude is coming in ?
The curve seems more poised to collapse .
When developing user interfaces , designers increasingly use custom graphical elements .
As the web browser becomes basic technology for software interfaces , more and more elements derived from graphic and web design replace the traditional desktop approaches to the concrete design of human - computer interfaces .
In the near future , this development will become even more relevant .
The barrier between web pages and desktop software is beginning to disappear , and modern rich client user interface technologies such as Silverlight / WPF , Air , or Java FX enables designers to take the control over the whole user experience of a software product .
Style guides for operating systems like MacOS or Windows become less important because software products are available on multiple platforms , incorporating the same custom design independently from OS - specific style guides .
Software companies and other parties involved begin to use the power of a distinct visual design to express both their brand identity and custom interactive design solutions to the users .
While this implies a new freedom for designers working in the field of interactive software products , it strengthens the importance of visual design for the design of user interfaces .
Designers working on concrete graphic solutions for a specific interface are breaking away from established standards defined by a software vendor .
It is now the responsibility of those user interface designers to choose graphical elements wisely to make a product ’s interaction principles visible and usable .
Elements of interactive visual design
Following the roots of visual design in print and online communication , the design of a visually compelling and functional application must take into account different requirements , even though it takes the same methods to realize its goals :
A dynamic visualization of the interactive product in form of text , images , and colors .
In contrast to pure one - way communication design striving to create identity and media , the main goal of such a design process for interactive products is much closer to product or industrial design — namely the creation of a product that serves the user in a optimal way .
It requires a strong collaboration with the disciplines of interaction design , software development , and product management .
The role of photography in software user interfaces
Photography has both challenges and opportunities as graphical element in user interface design .
I chose photography as an example for a classic communication design instrument , but the ideas are also applicable to typography , illustration , motion design , graphics , and the like .
One important aspect of these thoughts is the required collaboration between the different design disciplines involved in the creation of a user experience , and how to optimize team performance for most valuable ideas and outcomes .
Case 1 : Photography as content
In software applications , photography in most cases is used as content element , since photos express situations of human life very well and thus are well suited to capture and represent a certain message .
The images have a semantic meaning , communicating information to the viewer and user of the respective web or software application .
Examples for this type of application can be found not only in private photo collection software such as iPhoto but also in enterprise content management solutions for web sites and product catalogues , or the web shop itself .
To the user , the photo is not an element of decoration or design , but it is the actual content or a part of it .
On the visual design side , the challenge is to present this content in a way that makes it visible and reveals context and meaning .
Photographic content tends to come to the fore due to its strong graphical impact , so other elements should be designed to support that effect and not to compete with it for the viewer ’s attention .
The challenge of well - representing imagery content elements in a user interface is often to provide adequate metadata - driven tools to allow enhancing images with meaning ; take tagging people at Facebook as an example , which turns photos into something findable .
Finding a a meaningful visual representation of photographic content and this data is a common challenge to visual design and information architecture .
Case 2 : Photography as design element
While the use of photography as a design element in user interfaces is rather new , there is a long tradition of using photography as a design element in advertising - related online media .
This treatment as design element follows the rules of brand communication and takes photography as integral element of the web site design .
But contrary to its usage as a content element , the image is used in web design as a medium to communicate a message to the user in order to create a certain context for the real content .
Some sites , such as financial institutions or software suppliers , are working with stock - like photography showing photos of people or buildings , while other businesses can combine site content and corporate communication in one image , like on fashion sites .
Benetton uses the photo on their home page to convey both a product and a brand message to the visitors .
The photo is in the focus , but is receipt more like a visual expression of emotion than as actual site content .
The web design uses the photo like an advertisement would do :
It is part of the site ’s visual design and has been chosen by the designers .
The product , derived from the site ’s content , is turned into the medium to make an impression to the visitor .
Photography in interactive media is often a trigger for engagement and interaction .
Interaction designers working on the product ’s interaction flows can thus provide visual designers with key information to select and apply visual elements , in order to start the conversation , and keep it alive .
3. Photography in software UI Design
Unlike other digital products , the visible part of software usually makes no significant use of photography by means of communication design .
Today ’s desktop software interfaces consist of text , rectangle areas , and icons , along with with a lot of transparency or 3D effects .
If not a necessary content element , photos are only used in splash screens of desktop applications .
In web interfaces , static images in header bars are quite common , resulting from the “ hybrid ” characteristics of those applications between a software product and a web site .
In most cases , the photo serves as decorative element with no semantic meaning and is thus reduced to a very small amount of space of the screen ; it is not important for the product ’s original purpose .
This is done in order to provide as much space as possible for the informational content that is useful to the user .
The image above shows SAP ’s enterprise portal product in a standard visual design .
The small photo showing a bridge in the header bar is part of the UI design , while the images at the bottom are content elements related to the text messages .
Like in web design , the image is used here as an element of design but loses all its visual power due to its jammed position in a design that puts all emphasis on the representation of information .
The “ mise en scène ” of the interface suffers from the poor integration of the photographic element , totally separated from all information .
Its meaning in the application context is reduced to a vague bridge metaphor referring to the function of a portal .
The best of both worlds : towards a new quality
With every release , software providers make a step towards a custom graphical representation and improve the visual design quality of their products .
To take a real advantage of photography as a medium , there is a need to treat it differently than it is done today in the software industry .
At same time , a lot of effort is being made to make applications more “ shiny and glossy ” , to better imitate real world structures on the screen .
Sometimes , like in current reporting tools for business intelligence , this additional glitter reduces the visual perception of information instead of enhancing it .
The following examples and recommendations are not always easy to follow , because a meaningful integration of this medium in a UI design that centers around representation of information and providing a tool for efficient usage is a difficult task .
Nonetheless , visual elements such as photography have the power to reveal a message instantly and powerfully to the user to complete and to establish a visual identity .
Designers should use these possibilities to trigger the user ’s attention to support a holistic interaction design and not to distract her by decorative elements and visual clutter .
Examples for photography in interactive applications
This example screenshot shows Designklicks ( now seen .by ) , a German website that collects and tags user - generated imagery .
Just like Flickr and other photo - centric web sites , the images are in the focus of the design and are visually strictly separated from other design elements like icons , logos , buttons , and links .
For a visual representation of the complex information architecture , it allows the user to sort and present the content in different ways , from a simple grid to a navigable 3D space .
These screens are taken from an art project for getty Images , done by the barbarian group .
It uses widescreen photos to build a three - dimensional flow of cascaded rooms , connected to each other by graphical signage elements appearing in the images .
The bank Société Générale used a photo as main art on their web site , emphasizing the fact that they address everyone with their services .
The main navigation appearing on the start page is embedded into the photo , but at the same time arranged in a clearly separated layer above the image .
Photography is the main design element of Van De Weghe Fine Art , an art gallery in New York .
All graphic design elements remain very reduced while the full screen photo is used to create a virtual room for information and interaction .
Take the blinkers off , and think about experiences as a whole
People in the roles of information architects or interaction designers tend to concentrate on their part of the job and leave subsequent visual decisions to the graphic or visual designers , which is of course always a good way to start .
Nevertheless , all designers ( including the two disciplines mentioned before ) should be able to actively think about and contribute to the concrete , sensual appearance of the final product , since this is what design is all about .
So why posting this on a site dedicated to the “ design behind the design ” ?
Because interaction designers and information architects have become strong conceptual thinkers , driving an experience in terms of concept as well as it ’s soul .
Visual design should enhance and implement this vision , which is in fact in most cases the contratry of “ making things pretty . ”
Recommendations for photography in next - generation interfaces
Integrate the images into the interaction design .
This can be achieved by making areas responsive to user behaviour , enhancing its function from a visual element to an instrument of interaction .
Due to its realistic and nonverbal nature , photography can be equally or more powerful than icons , buttons or other classic interface elements .
Work with screen space .
Place images in a way that they have a real impact on the overall appearance instead of putting them into small banner - like screen areas .
Photography invokes an emotional reaction and has the capability to create a certain ambiance more easily than other media .
Use pictures that make the user feel comfortable and adequate to the application context .
Clarity , structure , movement , separation , union – photos can convey messages instantly to the viewer , by means of blur , motion , composition , and of course motive .
Work with these as design elements .
If used as content element , think about alternatives to simply placing photography on a grid .
There are a lot of possibilities to make images “ tangible ” to the user .
Think of multiple layers , movable objects , or 3D approaches .
Keep the subject of the application and the nature of the content in mind while designing .
Choose photos that convey a real meaning and make sense in the application context .
Avoid standard ( stock ) images or those with only decorative function .
Prefer custom - made images tailored to your intentions and requirements .
Combine and integrate all elements to create a holistic interface design where all visual elements work together and make the interface .
See also :
Interactive Identity : Bridging Corporate Identity and Enterprise IT
Visible Narratives : Understanding Visual Organization by Luke Wroblewski
10 ways by getty Images
seen.by
Coming soon :
Part II – Typography in User Interface Design
What 's Wikileaks , the net 's foremost document leaking site , supposed to do when a whistle - blower submits a list of email addresses belonging to the site 's confidential donors as a leaked document ?
That 's exactly the conundrum Wikileaks faced this week after someone from the controversial whistle - blowing site sent an emergency fund - raising appeal on Saturday to previous donors .
But instead of hiding email addresses from the recipients by using the bcc field , the sender put 58 addresses into the cc field , revealing all the addresses to all the recipients .
Someone then submitted the email as a leaked document , writing " WikiLeaks leaks it 's own donors , aww irony .
BCC next time kthx . "
Wikileaks , which has been criticized for lacking discretion in deciding whether to release documents or not , published the email and the donors ' email addresses on Wednesday .
The entry noted that the email was submitted " possibly to test the project 's principles of complete impartiality when dealing with whistleblowers . "
One notable email address belongs to convicted former hacker Adrian Lamo , who now runs his own security company .
In a Twitter post on Saturday , Lamo noted the screw - up , writing " Thanks WikiLeaks , for leaking your donor list .[...]
That 's dedication . "
See more in his comment to this story .
Earlier this month , Wikileaks scored another leaking coup , publishing hundreds of thousands of pages of copyright - free but rarely seen Congressional Research Service reports .
Congress members and their staff rely on those reports to craft laws and policy , but the reports are rarely made public .
The site also just recently published an unseen NATO civilian casualty 2008 report for Afghanistan , showing the country 's civilians casualties jumped 46 % last year .
Wikileaks says that no one leaking documents to the site has ever been identified , but the site 's amateur slip - up is n't likely to be soothing to those who have or are thinking about slipping docs to the fearless site .
In the comments , Jay Lim of Wikileaks says whistle - blowers need not worry .
" [ W ] hile definitely not good form , the mistake was a missed shortcut made by one of our admin people and is not related to the efforts or systems involved in source protection , " Lim wrote .
Update :
This post was updated Thursday morning to note Lamo's tweet and update the post with information from the comments .
See Also :
I used to be with it , but then they changed what “ it ” was .
Now , what I ’m with is n’t it , and what ’s “ it ” seems weird and scary to me .
Example 1274 , the McGangBang .
Now when you clicked on this link , you probably thought of something dirty and are now immensely disappointed .
Still , you ’re here , so why not learn something ?
The premise of a McGangBang is simple .
Just stuff a one dollar McChicken sandwich inside a one dollar Double Cheeseburger .
What does it look like ?
Just shift your head slightly to the right .
What does it taste like ?
A Dollar Menu dream and death .
Mostly death .
Although I ’d probably eat the hell outta this thing given the chance .
Damn the consequences .
It ’s a whole lot of sandwich for only $ 2 , which is cheaper than most of the premium sandwiches on McDonald ’s menu .
According to the lore of the Internet , this concoction originated in Daytona Beach , Florida , although they carry the Spicy McChicken instead of the normal one .
My grand source on this ?
UrbanDictionary .
Some have taken to calling the Spicy McChicken variant an Unprotected McGangBang .
EatmeDaily has taken to chronicling the whole known history of the the heart attack in a hand , which you can check out over here .
Suffice to say that this thing is taking off .
So now you know , and knowing is half the battle .
Of course innovation does not stop .
Here ’s Flickr user drewgstephens ( aka Mike Lewis ) and his Double McGangBang .
It actually has two McDoubles , or double cheeseburgers , instead of one .
That ’s right , he ’s packing five patties of meat .
Sounds like an omen for Diarrhea Bear , but that ’s just me .
If you pull up to your local McDonald ’s , you might even be able to ask for it by name .
Reports indicated that some employees are aware of the mythical beast and will gladly fill an order .
And many places offer off - the - menu items , so this is n’t really any different .
Of course , most people that have tried to do so have failed .
But at least it spreads the word , and you can just stick the two McDonald ’s treats together until the day it comes as one .
Here ’s one of YouTube ’s best videos , with a drive - thru clerk who fills orders for them nightly :
So go forth an order yourself a McGangBang , or at least impress your friends with your knowledge of things unknown .
Maybe you 've seen Richard Florida 's Atantic article on meltdown geography , or the New York Times on LA 's beleaguered hipster suburb .
Both effectively say suburbs will eat it in this recession .
Why ?
Because as heavily dependent as Gotham is on the smoldering financial services industry , it 's actually worse in many smaller cities and towns , probably due to all those boomtime real estate brokers , mortgage - banking call centers and other subsidiary industries .
Florida , an " urban theorist , " writes that the " New York area " gets 8 percent of its jobs from finance , close to the national average of 5.5 percent and compared with " 28 percent ... in Bloomington - Normal , Illinois ; 18 percent in Des Moines ; 13 percent in Hartford ; 10 percent in both Sioux Falls , South Dakota , and Charlotte , North Carolina . "
Even more important : New York ( and cities like Chicago ) have dense professional networks , which take a long time to build .
For Florida , this explains why the world has had but three financial centers since the 17th century ( Amsterdam , London , New York ) .
Such networks also figure heavily in the city 's dominance of other industries : " New York is more of a mecca for fashion designers , musicians , film directors , artists , and - yes - psychiatrists than for financial professionals , " Florida writes .
Florida should be treated with some skepticism .
It 's early in the meltdown , and the author seems eager to comport the crash to his own longstanding arguments about the inevitable dominance of " Creative Class " cities .
For example , he ignores impact of the financial services crash on industries supported by its wealth , those fashion designers and artists he 's so fond of .
But the Times ' article on the " bourgeois bohemia " of Eagle Rock , Los Angeles reinforces his idea that intra-city networks are hard to build .
One of the flood of recent newcomers to the town , a screenwriter , once dreamed of " a miniature Whole Foods , " " a gastropub " and a " retro " diner lining the streets .
But now amid the economic crash , " the shops at risk are the ones playing the Decemberists in a continuous loop , " the Times writes , before quoting urbanist Joel Kotkin :
" The ecosystems of these neighborhoods are very fragile ...
Over-stimulation , and , in a recession , under - stimulation , and you have dangers . "
In other words , Manhattan landlords can quickly cut their rents to attract new residents and industries in hard times .
Places like Eagle Rock , which started cheap , face a much longer slog to build up dense communities of smart , like - minded people .
( Image via )
We Have Not Been Moved :
Resisting Racism and Militarism in 21st Century America
Ultimately , there can be no peace without justice , and no justice without peace .
The two great moral issues of our time , peace and human rights , are so closely related that we can say that they are one and the same .
— Coretta Scott King , Madison Square Garden Anti-War Rally , June 8 , 1965
A true revolution of values will soon look uneasily on the glaring contrast of poverty and wealth ... A true revolution of values will lay hands on the world order and say of war : “ This way of settling differences is not just . ” ... A genuine revolution of values means in the final analysis that our loyalties must become ecumenical rather than sectional .
Every nation must now develop an overriding loyalty to mankind as a whole in order to preserve the best in their individual societies .
This call for a world - wide fellowship that lifts neighborly concern beyond one ’s tribe , race , class and nation is in reality a call for an all - embracing and unconditional love .
— Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , “ Beyond Vietnam ” ( 1967 )
CONTENTS
Foreword : King ’s Truth : Revolution and America ’s Crossroads xv
Cornel West
Resisting Racism and War : An Introduction ; or , What Will It Take to Move Forward ?
1
Matt Meyer , Elizabeth “ Betita ” Martínez , and Mandy Carter
How the Moon Became a Stranger : 11
Chrystos
By Any Means Necessary : Two Images 14
Carrie Mae Weems
I. Connections , Contexts , and Challenges
Helping Hands 19
Karl Bissinger
Wild Poppies 20
Marilyn Buck
Are Pacifists Willing to Be Negroes ?
A 1950s Dialogue on Fighting Racism and Militarism , Using Nonviolence and Armed Struggle 21
Dave Dellinger , Robert Franklin Williams , Rev. Dr. Martin
Luther King Jr. , and Dorothy Day
Revolutionary Democracy : A Speech Against the Vietnam War 34
Bayard Rustin
Southern Peace Walk : Two Issues or One ? 38
Barbara Deming
Nonviolence and Radical Social Change 48
Barbara Deming
On Revolution and Equilibrium ( Excerpt ) 50
Barbara Deming
Responsible Pacifism and the Puerto Rican Conflict 52
Ruth M. Reynolds
Where Was the Color in Seattle ?
Looking for Reasons Why the Great Battle Was So White 55
Elizabeth “ Betita ” Martínez
Looking for Color in the Anti-War Movement 61
Elizabeth “ Betita ” Martínez
Combating Oppression Inside and Outside 74
Elizabeth “ Betita ” Martínez
II .
( Re ) Defining Racism and Militarism : What Qualifies ?
Who Decides ?
Continental Walk , 1976 — Washington , D.C. 81
Janet Charles
river of a different truth 82
Liz Roberts
Nonviolent Change of Revolutionary Depth : A Conversation with 84
Vincent Harding
Regaining a Moral Compass : The Ongoing Truth of King ’s Vision 92
Elizabeth McAlister
Four Vignettes on the Road of the Broken Rifle : Reflections on War and Resistance 93
Ibrahim Abdil - Mu’id Ramey
Questioning Our Reality 97
Alejandra Cecilia Tobar Alatriz
Finding the Other America 99
Anne Braden
On Being a Good Anti-Racist Ally 102
Ted Glick
The Culture of White Privilege Is to Remain Silent 104
Liz Walz
Towards a Radical White Identity 110
Susan B. Goldberg and Cameron Levin
Weaving Narratives : The Construction of Whiteness 119
Dean Johnson
The Pan-Africanization of Black Power : True History , Coalition - Building , and the All - African People ’s Revolutionary Party : An Interview with Bob Brown , Organizer for the All -
African People ’s Revolutionary Party ( GC ) 137
Matt Meyer and Dan Berger
Rescuing Civil Rights from Black Power : Collective Memory and Saving the State in Twenty - First - Century Prosecutions of 1960s - Era Cases 148
Dan Berger
The Unacceptability of Truth : Of National Lies and Racial America 165
Tim Wise
Race , History , and “ A Nation of Cowards ” 167
Bill Fletcher Jr.
III .
Chickens and Eggs : War , Race , and Class
Amache : Japanese - American Relocation Center , 1942 –1945 — Post Office 171
Mary Jane Sullivan
Amache 172
Mary Jane Sullivan
The Antiwar Campaign : More on Force without Violence 175
Dave Dellinger
Let ’s Talk about Green Beans : An Interview with Dorothy Cotton 182
Matt Meyer and Iris Marie Bloom
I Beg to Differ 186
Ellen Barfield
Militarism and Racism : A Connection ?
188
David McReynolds
Looking at the White Working Class Historically 191
David Gilbert
Chinweizu , War , and Reparations 211
Dr. Conrad W. Worrill
On Being White and Other Lies : A History of Racism in the United States 214
Mab Segrest
Race , Prisons , and War : Scenes from the History of U.S. Violence 226
Ruth Wilson Gilmore
IV .
The Roots and Routes of War : Patriarchy and Heterosexism
Dean of Students Ann Marie Penzkover and Her Niece Mariah , Wisconsin 241
Andrea Modica
Genocide : Remembering Bengal , 1971 242
Sarah Husein
Why We Need Women ’s Actions and Feminist Voices for Peace 244
Starhawk
Terror , Torture , and Resistance 248
Andrea Dworkin
Race , Sex , and Speech in Amerika 249
Andrea Dworkin
Disarmament and Masculinity 254
John Stoltenberg
The Master ’s Tools Will Never Dismantle the Master ’s House 264
Audre Lorde
Practical , Common Sense , Day - to - Day Stuff : An Interview with Mandy Carter 267
Matt Meyer
The Rise of Eco-Feminism : The Goddess Revived 271
Kitty Mattes
Beyond the Color of Fear : An Interview with Victor Lewis ( Excerpt ) 276
Peggy McIntosh
The Politics of Accountability 279
Jon Cohen
Tools for White Guys Who Are Working for Social Change 282
Chris Crass
Heteropatriarchy and the Three Pillars of White Supremacy : Rethinking Women of Color Organizing 285
Andrea Smith
V. The Roots and Routes of War : Nationalism , Religion , Ageism
Kafka ’s Amerika 297
William P. Starr
Ten Years in Freedom 298
Dylcia Pagán
Fragmented Nationalism : Right - Wing Responses to September 11 in Historical Context 301
Matthew Lyons
Whiteness Is Not Inevitable !
Why the Emphasis on White - Skin Privilege Is White - Chauvinist and Why the Problematic of “ Race ” Needs to be Replaced with the Restoration of the National Question (s ) 331
Fred Ho
The Content of Our Character : An Interview with José López 338
Mike Staudenmaier with Matt Meyer and Dan Berger
Truly Human : Spiritual Paths in the Struggle Against Racism , Militarism , and Materialism 347
Gwendolyn Zoharah Simmons
White Like Me : A Woman Rabbi Gazes into the Mirror ofAmerican Racism 361
Rabbi Lynn Gottlieb
Dark Satanic Mills : William Blake and the Critique of War 366
Joel Kovel
Draft Resistance and the Politics of Identity and Status 379
Edward Hasbrouck
War Resistance and Root Causes : A Strategic Exchange 388
Jim Haber and Matt Meyer
VI .
Where Do We Go from Here ?
Organizing Against War and Racism
Perpetual Peace Matchboxes 397
Carrie Mae Weems
Before and After : The Struggle Continues 398
Malkia M’Buzi Moore
A Reflection on Privilege 401
Chris Knestrick
We Have Not Been Moved : How the Peace Movement Has Resisted Dealing with Racism in Our Ranks 403
Matt Meyer
CISPES in the 1980s : Solidarity and Racism in the Bellyof the Beast 421
Suzanne Ross
To Live Is to Resist 434
Greg Payton and Matt Meyer
Not Showing Up : Blacks , Military Recruitment and the Anti-War Movement 437
Kenyon Farrow
A Challenge to Institutional Racism 441
Nada Khader
Where ’s the Color in the Anti-War Movement ?
Organizers Connect the War Abroad to the War at Home 443
Momo Chang
An Open Letter to Anti-Oppression / Diversity Trainers 446
Daniel Hunter
New Orleans : A Choice Between Destruction and Reparations 450
David Billings
Why Not Freedom for Puerto Rico ?
Building Solidarity in the United States : An Interview with Jean Zwickel 455
Meg Starr
“ National Security ” and the Violation of Women : Militarized Border Rape at the U.S. - Mexico Border 461
Sylvanna Falcón
From Bases to Bars : The Military & Prison Industrial Complexes Go “ Boom ” 465
Mumia Abu - Jamal
Dismantling Peace Movement Myths 469
Frida Berrigan
Structural Racism and the Obama Presidency 476
john a. powell
Notes on an Orientation to the Obama Presidency 482
Linda Burnham
Where Was the White in Phoenix ?
ATen - Year Movement Update 485
B. Loewe
Moving Forward : Ideas for Solidarity and Strategy to Strengthen Multiracial Peace Movements 490
Clare Bayard and Francesca Fiorentini
An Anti-Racist Gandhi Manifesto 512
Sachio Ko-Yin
VII .
AfterPoems
Why War Is Never a Good Idea 517
Alice Walker
Reflections after the June 12th March for Disarmament 524
Sonia Sanchez
Peace ( a poem for Maxine Green ) 529
Sonia Sanchez
Stop the Violence Matchbox Fishbowl 532
Carrie Mae Weems
Acknowledgments : 533
Contributors : 536
Index : 555
The new bonus tax passed by the House today will apply a 90 % rate to bonuses paid at firms that have taken over $ 5 billion from the TARP .
While hundreds of banks and other companies have received capital injections from the TARP , only a dozen have taken enough to get hit by this restriction .
If the bill becomes law , here are the 12 firms that would be hit .
Citigroup ( New York )
JPMorgan Chase ( New York )
Wells Fargo & Co. ( San Francisco )
Bank of America Corp. ( Charlotte , N.C. )
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. ( New York )
Merrill Lynch & Co. ( New York )
Morgan Stanley ( New York )
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. ( Pittsburgh )
US Bancorp ( Minneapolis )
AIG ( New York )
General Motors ( Detroit )
GMAC Financial Service ( New York )
In addition , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac would be subject to the new tax .
Criminals are willing to pay thousands of euros for a discontinued Nokia mobile phone with a software problem that can be exploited to hack into online bank accounts , according to a fraud investigator in the Netherlands .
About 10 days ago , investigators observed someone transfer € 25,000 ( £ 22,207 ) for a Nokia 1100 phone , said Frank Engelsman of Ultrascan Advanced Global Investigations .
The candy - bar style phone is one of Nokia 's all - time best - selling models , and originally sold for under € 100 .
Engelsman said police contacted Ultrascan about six months ago to see if the security company knew why the phones were in demand .
Since then , Ultrascan has seen the price for the Nokia 1100 rise from around € 5,000 to the latest figure .
" We thought ' What could be so special about the phone ? ' "
Engelsman said .
The 1100 was a low - cost phone released in late 2003 and aimed at developing markets .
Nokia has sold more than 200 million of the 1100 and its successors .
However , the high prices are only being paid for Nokia 1100 phones that were made in a factory in Bochum , Germany , Engelsman said , citing an Ultrascan informant .
Those phones contain Nokia software from 2002 that is apparently vulnerable to tampering .
Investigators do n't have a complete picture of the technical problem .
However , Ultrascan 's informant said the phones can be used to intercept one - time passwords needed to complete an online banking transaction , Engelsman said .
It appears that a known Russian and Moroccan cybercrime gang , as well as other Romanian gangs , are trying to obtain the Nokia 1100 with the vulnerable software , Engelsman said .
Nokia officials contacted Monday morning did not have an immediate comment .
Engelsman said cybercriminals have collected thousands of user names and passwords for online banking accounts in countries such as Germany and Holland .
Banks in those countries also request a TAN ( transaction authentication number ) code , or a one - time password , to complete a transaction .
The banks previously issued lists of TAN codes to customers .
During a transaction , the bank would request one of the codes to complete the transaction .
However , due to successful phishing attacks where people have been tricked into revealing some TAN codes , the banks are now sending a code by SMS ( Short Message Service ) to a person 's mobile phone , Engelsman said .
The Bochum - made 1100 can apparently be reprogrammed to use someone else 's phone number , thus intercepting the TAN code and enabling an illegal money transfer into a criminal 's account , Engelsman said .
Ultrascan is trying to obtain the affected 1100 model to verify if the attack works as described , he said .
The Nokia 1100 has had other software problems .
A drug - related criminal case in the Netherlands in late 2005 detailed how the police had difficulty linking SMSes sent from certain Nokia 1100 phones to a specific phone number .
Police were , however , able to use other means to identify the general area in which the phones were used , which helped bolster their case , Engelsman said .
Check out our new Macworld Mobile site .
Follow Macworld UK on twitter : www.twitter.com/macworlduk
It is unclear why those who pray prefer more aggressive end - of - life care People with strong religious beliefs appear to want doctors to do everything they can to keep them alive as death approaches , a US study suggests .
Researchers followed 345 patients with terminal cancer up until their deaths .
Those who regularly prayed were more than three times more likely to receive intensive life - prolonging care than those who relied least on religion .
The team 's report was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
It suggests that such care , including resuscitation , may make death more uncomfortable .
Just over 30 % of those asked agreed with the statement that religion was " the most important thing that keeps you going " .
Keep going
The researchers from the Dana - Faber Cancer Institute found these people were the least likely to have filled in a " do not resuscitate " order .
These findings merit further discussion within religious communities , and consideration from those providing pastoral counsel to terminally ill patients with cancer
Holly Prigerson
Researcher
As well as receiving resuscitation , they were much more likely to be placed on mechanical ventilation in the last few days of life .
While previous US research has shown that the religious tend to support intensive end - of - life care , little work has been done to show whether they actually receive this .
However , work has been done which suggests that intensive intervention in the last few weeks and days before death may reduce a patient 's quality of life .
Researchers at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine found that treatments such as ventilator support , resuscitation , having a feeding tube and non-palliative chemotherapy were associated with more psychological and physical distress .
The patients ' chances of dying in their preferred place were also reduced .
The researchers in this latest study stressed that religion had been widely associated with an improved ability to cope with the stress of illness .
But " because aggressive end - of - life cancer care has been associated with a poor quality of death and caregiver bereavement adjustment , intensive end - of - life care might represent a negative outcome for religious copers " , defined as those who regularly used prayer or meditation for support .
" These findings merit further discussion within religious communities , and consideration from those providing pastoral counsel to terminally ill patients with cancer , " wrote lead researcher Holly Prigerson .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The oldest known fossil of a human child with a skull deformity has been discovered , suggesting that early humans did not kill or abandon their abnormal offspring , as has been commonly assumed .
A research team reconstructed the 530,000 - year - old skull , the first pieces of which were unearthed in Spain in 2001 , and determined that the child likely suffered from craniosynostosis , a debilitating genetic disorder in which some pieces of the skull fuse too quickly , causing pressure to build in the brain [ Wired ] and interfering with brain development .
The severity of the deformity is not clear , but researchers say the child probably had learning difficulties and other mental health issues , and certainly would have required extra care .
The child belonged to the species Homo heidelbergensis , who lived in Europe 800,000 years ago and may have been the direct ancestors of Neanderthals .
Humans are thought to be unique in the way they care for sick individuals .
Researchers call it conspecific care , but most laypeople would probably call it compassion .
Other primates do n't display similar behavior , so we know humans evolved the ability at some point , even if scientists can't quite pinpoint when .
The work could mean that humans as far back as half a million years ago had differentiated from our primate ancestors [ Wired ] .
Ana Gracia , lead researcher of the study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , notes that deliberately
killing unwanted offspring " is not an uncommon practice among mammals , including great apes , " our closest genetic relatives [ National Geographic News ] .
But anthropologist David DeGusta argues that the " survival of an infant with significant pathology has been observed in a range of primate species . " ...
Several studies have shown that young , deformed primates were cared for by their mothers anyway , he said .
For example , a 1973 paper reported that blind macaque infants were cared for by their mothers for up to a year [ Wired ] .
Some scientists also argue that craniosynostosis does not necessarily cause severe learning difficulties , an uncertainty that Gracia confirmed .
She said it 's impossible to know whether the child suffered from any cognitive problems , but he or she would undoubtedly have looked different from family and friends [ New Scientist ] .
And she feels confident in the conclusion that this child would likely have required " special need care " to have lived as long as it did [ National Geographic News ] .
The child was between five and 12 years old when he or she died .
Related Content : DISCOVER : Oldest Europeans Reign in Spain DISCOVER : The Face of an Ancestral Child describes a find of Homo heidelbergensis fossils Image : National Academy of Sciences , PNAS
BARCELONA , Spain ( CNN ) --
Cell phone makers Tuesday pledged to end one of modern life 's chief frustrations --- and introduce a universal charger for handsets by 2012 .
An estimated 1.2 billion cell phones were sold in 2008 , at least half of which were replacement handsets .
The GSMA ( Groupe Speciale Mobile Association ) , which represents more than 750 of the world 's cell phone operators , made the announcement at its annual Mobile World Congress in Barcelona Tuesday .
Under the scheme , phone makers have pledged that a majority of new handset models will include the universal charger by January 1 2012 .
The planned device will use a micro USB plug .
Aside from bringing relief to drawers stuffed full of redundant chargers , the GSMA stressed that the new device would reduce raw materials .
" The mobile industry has a pivotal role to play in tackling environmental issues and this programme is an important step that could lead to huge savings in resources , not to mention convenience for consumers , " said Rob Conway , CEO and member of the board of the GSMA in a statement .
Last year an estimated 1.2 billion cell phones were sold , according to University of Southern Queensland data reported by the GSMA , of which handsets accounted for between 50 and 80 per cent .
That equates to between 51,000 and 82,000 tonnes of chargers .
The GSMA hopes the initiative will slash the greenhouse gases that result from the manufacture and transport of chargers by 13.6 and 21.8 million tonnes each year .
" There is enormous potential in mobile to help people live and work in an eco-friendly way and with the backing of some or the biggest names in the industry , this initiative will lead the way , " Conway added .
The GSMA says that companies which have signed up to the plan include 3 Group , AT&T , KTF , LG , mobilkom austria , Motorola , Nokia , Orange , Qualcomm , Samsung , Sony Ericsson , Telecom Italia , Telefónica , Telenor , Telstra , T - Mobile and Vodafone .
Let this be a testament to Web 2.0 and the effectiveness of rapid development frameworks : I built a full - featured dating website , from concept to launch , in 66.5 hours .
In a typical 9 - 5 job , this would amount to about a week and a half .
Deliverables included :
The Idea – Cooking up a brand with a name , identity , and purpose
Planning – Creating functional specifications , visual wireframes , and information architecture
Design – Creating mock - ups and defining aesthetics , typography , positioning , and color
Development – Writing the actual code
Testing – Ironing out the kinks
Launch – Going live
I did n’t do this in 66.5 consecutive hours , mind you , these are actual hours I spent working on the website .
And , I have a day job that keeps me pretty busy so I could only work on this during my evenings and weekends .
I started keeping a log after the first couple of days because I realized how quickly everything was coming along and I was curious how much time it would take me to finish .
This is a guide providing tips and tactics I employed to develop this website in such a short amount of time .
Identify an Opportunity
I ’m single and after trying the online dating thing I quickly ascertained two things :
– The paid online dating market is very saturated
– The free online dating market is also saturated but with sites that are clunky , difficult to use , so littered with ads they ’re nearly unusable and bombarded with useless features
I saw an opening and I took it : I knew I could build something better in a very short period of time with almost no overhead .
The beauty of this is that if this site is n’t successful there are no layoffs , burned VC funding , and I ’m ultimately not contributing to another dot - com crash .
All I ’ve lost is 66.5 hours and a couple of bags of coffee beans , I ’ll just go back to my day job .
Brain-dump
First I did a brain - dump of all the features I ’d like to have on a dating website .
I did n’t put them in any particular order or attempt to categorize things , I just wrote them down as they came to me .
This is a great tactic for just getting it all out there , save making sense of it for later .
Generate ideas from your competition
I did n’t want to lock the feature list into only my ideas , so I went and signed up for nearly a dozen online dating websites and got a feel for how most of them work .
Brain - dump some more
After a couple of hours of surfing competitor ’s websites I did another brain - dump of features .
I combined the list of their features with my own .
Have a specific goal , do n’t try to make the website do everything
I took the feature list and narrowed them down to only those that served a single purpose : providing a means for singles to find and communicate with one another .
I ditched all the popularity contests , “ rate my photo ” clones , and other features that did n’t directly contribute to this goal .
Keep .
It. Simple .
Stupid
You know those collars for dogs that issue an electrical shock every time they start barking ?
I wish every CEO and marketing professional in the tech industry could be equipped with a similar device that would shriek “ KISS ” into their ears every time they began making things unnecessarily complex .
Throughout development , I would remind myself of the KISS principle .
Minimize interference
Only utilize other people when you absolutely have to , especially if you plan on keeping overhead low .
I saw the project from start to finish before I wrote a single line of code and knew that I could do everything on my own .
There were no design meetings , Gantt charts , or conference calls – just myself , my computer , and my ability .
Avoid “ feature creep ”
Although this problem is usually more prevalent when working with a client , it can happen while going solo as well .
Learn to avoid letting an idea grow and distort to the point where you ’re 6 months into a project and all you have to show for it is one of the most massively complex nav bars in the history of the internet .
Learn to turn the idea knob down , but not completely off .
Web 2.0 names are going to be very tacky in a few years
Prefacing your domain name with “ cyber ” was very popular in the mid-nineties , but would you do it now ?
I think Web 2.0 names like “ SquaBlar ” , “ Fastr ” , or “ thisdomain.is.friggin.ridiculo.us ” are going to quickly become passe .
I wanted a name that was clever , indicative of the site ’s purpose and was easy to say and type .
Plus I get to use the superscript tag .
If you get stuck on something , put it on the backburner
I actually had a pretty hard time coming up with a name .
And I knew that naming the site was not crucial to completion , so I put it off and worked on other things .
I actually referred to the site as “ barnacle ” for the majority of development because I needed a temporary name and it was the first thing that came to mind .
A failed header idea
Prioritize features so you can give prominent real estate to those that need it
I took the list of features I ’d made from my brain - dump earlier and ranked them according to priority .
I made it so the primary features would be accessible in the most visible sections of the website , in Mingle2 ‘s case this would be promoting that the site was free , the login / signup , and the “ search singles feature . ”
It ’s absolutely critical that you have a sense of priority before you begin designing a website .
Put a lot of work into the functional mockups
A functional mockup is basically a design with no pretty stuff .
There are several tools and methods for creating a functional mockup : prototyping software , scribbling on a whiteboard , drawing it in photoshop .
Some people prefer starting out with a taxonomy , others like to draw the pages .
I prefer pen and paper with the occasional whiteboard .
I usually start out by drawing how all the pages relate to one another , like a road - map .
From there I draw what ’s actually inside those pages and try to get an idea of how it all relates .
This usually involves a lot of writing , crumpling of paper , and writing again .
Do n’t expect to get it right the first time , I ’ve had pages where I ’ll lay it out dozens of different ways before I ’m happy .
A weekend incident on his bike keeps the Today anchor home Monday
Where in the world was Matt Lauer on Monday ?
Not on the Today show , due to a weekend incident as he was riding his bicycle , according to his NBC cohort Meredith Vieira .
Lauer encountered a deer while he was on the road , said Vieria , who was n’t quite clear about whether or not Lauer and the animal smacked into one another .
She seemed to doubt it .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - NASA gave visitors to the National Mall in Washington a peek at a full - size mock - up of the spacecraft designed to carry U.S. astronauts back to the moon and then on to Mars one day .
A full - size mockup of the crew module for the Orion Crew exploration vehicle is displayed on the National Mall near the Capitol ( background ) in Washington March 30 , 2009 .
The Orion will become America 's primary vehicle for human space exploration , replacing the space shuttle after it is retired in 2010 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
The U.S. Navy - built Orion crew exploration vehicle will replace the space shuttle NASA plans to retire in 2010 , and become the cornerstone of the agency ’s Constellation Program to explore the moon , Mars and beyond .
“ We ’re just very proud to build this , do some testing and demonstrate to America that we ’re moving beyond the space shuttle onto another generation of spacecraft , ” said Don Pearson , project manager for the Post - Landing Orion Recovery Test or PORT .
NASA plans to use Orion to carry astronauts to the International Space Station by 2015 .
The capsule will rotate the crew at the station every six months “ to work out the kinks ” before heading to the moon and Mars , Pearson said .
Trips to the moon are scheduled for 2020 , while a journey to Mars is believed possible by the mid-2030s .
The design of Orion was based on the Apollo spacecraft , which first took Americans to the moon .
Although similar in shape , Orion is larger , able to carry six crew members rather than three , and builds on 1960s technology to make it safer .
‘ WE WANT TO GO TO MARS ’
Orion is named for a bright constellation that got its designation from a hunter in ancient Greek mythology .
“ The reason we ’re doing all of this is because we want to go to Mars , ” Pearson said .
But a round trip to the red planet would require three years -- six to nine months to get there and much of the rest of the time waiting for the planets to realign to allow for entry back to Earth .
“ We ’re not confident in our technology yet to be able to last for three years without things breaking that are unrepairable , ” Pearson said .
So NASA plans to first take several trips to the moon , a journey of just three days .
Each visit will last six months while astronauts set up a campsite and practice the things they want to do on Mars .
“ That ’s really the goal -- to put humans on Mars , and going to the moon is our testing ground in order to do it , ” Pearson explained .
The $ 2 million PORT project will make sure that crew members can be rescued from the choppy waters of the Atlantic in case of an emergency requiring an aborted launch , using the full - scale , 18,000 - pound ( 8,000 kg ) model of Orion .
On April 6 , the capsule will be dumped into the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Florida , using one of the ships that usually recovers rocket boosters from shuttle launches .
Instruments within the capsule will measure the acceleration and tilting astronauts would experience upon landing in waves .
Contractors for the project include Lockheed Martin Space Systems Corporation of Denver and Orbital Sciences Corp of Dulles , Virginia .
Over the summer , flight doctors will analyze the data to ensure it does not make astronauts too queasy .
Crew seats will be installed in the model this summer as well to allow astronauts to practice getting out of the capsule on their own while bouncing in big waves .
Newton and DeCarte altered Western perception to the point where it hurt us more than it helped us ... it 's time the pendulum swung back towards the subjective .
Often those who urge legalization of drugs are dismissed and fringe thinkers with loony notions .
This week the editors of the prestigious Economist news magazine feature the opinion that the world should make mind altering drugs legal .
They reason simply that the 100 years of attempting to enforce drug bans have failed .
The unintended consequences of enforcement are many and costly .
Our jails are full , and much of our urban crime is drug related .
Addicts steal to feed the habit .
Rival gangs kill to defend or usurp turf .
Drugs are easily available to those who want them notwithstanding all efforts to control the traffic .
Whether your are for or against legalizing illicit drugs , you should ponder the case that you ’ll find on this link : Legalize Drugs ?
Then also read OpEdNews writers on the topic : Jane Stillwater , Carlos T Mock , BajaWind .
The state 's jobless rate has hit a 15 - year high , and for the people behind the statistics , there is a special urgency .
Massachusetts , unlike other states , requires nearly everyone to have health insurance - even if they have lost their job and , with it , their health coverage .
Going without insurance for more than three months can result in a stiff penalty .
Congress is crafting a stimulus package that would provide laid - off workers with some health coverage assistance , but for now , the state 's unemployed , and underemployed , are scrambling to piece together affordable coverage .
Unemployment benefits , or a spouse 's income , can make recipients ineligible for health insurance assistance through the state .
The hunt for coverage is challenging .
Here are three examples .
The Izuchis of Roxbury
" I am investigating everything and anything I can " In the netherworld of unemployment , Vivian Izuchi is one of the lucky ones .
Barely a month after being laid off as director of an after - school program at Roxbury Presbyterian Church - the program closed because of low enrollments - the 53 - year - old is poised to start a new job as director of another church - based after - school program .
A vivacious mother of three girls , Izuchi says parenthood has been a " blessed " distraction during a hard time .
" It does n't give you time to dwell , " she said .
Right now , Izuchi's mission is to find new health insurance .
The new job does n't include that benefit , and coverage from her previous job just expired .
" I am investigating everything and anything I can , " she said .
Winter is an especially dicey time in the Izuchi household to be without health insurance .
Colds tend to exacerbate the girls ' asthma .
That Izuchi's last job provided health coverage was extraordinary , given that many small employers do not .
Church leaders , who backed the state 's landmark law to expand access to more residents , scrounged to find coverage for her .
The coverage they found was expensive , given her modest salary - Izuchi paid a nearly $ 600 - a- month premium for herself , three daughters , and her husband , now an unemployed cab driver .
But it was decent health coverage , she said .
Now she and her new boss are scouring the Internet and sorting through the maze of state - subsidized programs to see if she might qualify for one .
" God looks out for fools and babies , " Izuchi said .
" I ca n't dwell on the negative . "
The MacPhersons of Holbrook
" Now I am worried the next bill I open is , ' You were n't covered for this , and it 's $ 6,000 ' " One hundred hours , at a minimum .
That 's how long Cynthia MacPherson swears she has spent on the phone in the past month piecing together health coverage for herself , her husband , and their three children .
" I am the biggest bulldog , when it comes to my kids , " said MacPherson , 46 , who was laid off Nov. 29 from her job as a part - time restaurant manager .
A week later , her 50 - year - old husband , Jim , lost his management job at a construction equipment firm .
How Much " Truth " Is Too Much ?
By Rod Dreher
USA Today
February 9 , 2009
http://blogs.usatoday.com/oped/2009/02/how-much-truth.html
The details of the Catholic sex abuse scandal nearly destroyed my Christian faith .
In a painful spiritual epiphany , I learned that the whole truth does not always deliver a greater good .
Indeed , full transparency can harm society  and even , perhaps , our souls .
But do we always have an alternative ?
When the influential Roman Catholic priest and public intellectual Richard John Neuhaus died a few weeks ago , Michael Sean Winters , a liberal Catholic writer , paid him a great compliment , recalling , " I remember the first time Father Neuhaus attacked me in print : I felt on top of the world . "
That 's one way to look at it .
Father Neuhaus attacked me in print  charitably and reasonably , I hasten to say  in one of his final columns in First Things , the journal he founded and edited until his death .
His final remarks continued an argument he and I had been having in occasional exchanges , both public and private , for years over the sex abuse scandal involving Catholic priests .
When the scandal broke in early 2002 , I wrote a cover story for National Review , where I then worked , critical of the church hierarchy for its handling of abuse .
I continued to write and report critically for the magazine and its website .
Father Neuhaus thought my writing was out of line , and he said so in several heated phone calls .
As the years passed , I learned through my investigations the truth of a friendly but sobering warning that Father Tom Doyle , the brave advocate for sex abuse victims , had given me at the outset of my work : that if I kept digging , I was going to go to darker places than I could imagine existed .
Father Doyle , alas , was right .
The breadth and degree of the corruption within the Catholic hierarchy broke me spiritually .
I lost the will to believe and became profoundly spiritually depressed .
Leaving Catholicism for Eastern Orthodoxy was like an animal chewing off its own leg to get out of a trap .
I do n't regret my reporting , nor do I regret my decision to leave Catholicism for Orthodoxy , where God gave me a second chance .
Better in the dark ?
My mistake was to assume that I was strong enough emotionally to put analytical distance between myself and my subject .
After I left Rome , I made a deliberate decision not to investigate scandal in the Orthodox Church in America ( OCA ) , my new communion .
My family and I needed a church more than I needed to crusade against ecclesial iniquity .
I felt , and still do feel , deeply conflicted about this decision .
Did Jesus not say , " You shall know the truth , and the truth shall set you free " ?
But the truth that I helped tell about what some in the Catholic hierarchy had done to children did not set me free ; in fact , it nearly destroyed my Christian faith .
And yet , I could not in good conscience have remained silent .
As an Orthodox Christian chastened by experience , am I behaving prudently , or am I being cowardly ?
In one of his final columns for First Things , Father Neuhaus praised me , faintly , for my decision .
He wrote , " There are things ( Catholics ) really do n't want to know about their church . "
The priest went on to defend his magazine 's past refusal to run advertising for an unnamed abuse crisis book , in large part because " we thought there were some things people did n't need to know and did n't want to know , and for good reasons . "
Are there things people do n't need to know ?
I do not believe Father Neuhaus was a cynic ; he really did believe that there were certain things that ought to be concealed from the public for the greater good .
And though it might be heresy for a journalist to say , as a matter of general principle , I agree with him .
Very few of us are purists when it comes to transparency .
A society in which all secrets were known would be monstrous .
The problem in the Catholic case is that bishops abused their discretion not to shield the innocent , but to protect the guilty .
It was only when the details of these sordid cases came to broad public light that the Catholic bishops were shamed into serious action .
Nevertheless , if you reject Father Neuhaus ' larger point , then be prepared to welcome the child pornographer and the rogue atom bombmaker to the public square .
The question is not whether some knowledge should be suppressed for the public good ; it 's where to draw the line between what must be public and what must stay private .
It 's hard to make a case for the coverup of criminal immorality to save face for a church .
Who can plausibly argue that the Catholic Church , or the public , would have been better off had those toxic secrets remained safely locked away , and the bishops been left alone by the courts and the news media to conduct business as usual ?
But it 's not such a clear - cut issue .
The Victorian editor Walter Bagehot , speaking of the importance of veiling the British monarchy in mystery , famously said , " We must not let in daylight upon magic . "
If people see the monarch as human , the thinking goes , their respect for a necessary institution will fail .
That , I think , is what Father Neuhaus was getting at in his column : People need the church too much to know the full truth about her .
That I have chosen not to look into scandals in my new church  which , God knows and so do I , has them  to protect my own faith would appear to vindicate the priest 's view .
Limits of deception
I do n't need to believe that my church is perfect .
But I have learned that my personal response to stories of child abuse is so strong that it prevents me from seeing any other truth .
As a Catholic , I kept telling myself that the evil of some priests and bishops does not obviate the church 's teaching .
But the deeper I immersed myself in details of the crimes and the stories of the victims , my grief and fury distorted and overwhelmed logic .
The fault was mine .
But any institution  sacred or secular  that has to depend on deception , and the willingness of its people to be deceived , to maintain its legitimacy will not get away with it for long .
These days , the attempt to withhold or suppress information does n't work to protect authority , but rather to undermine it .
When then - Bishop Jonah Paffhausen of the troubled OCA stood before a church council in November and spoke plainly and humbly what nearly everyone knew to be true  that the past two church patriarchs had been corrupt  the faithful gathered there were so relieved that they helped elect him as the new patriarch .
With a single speech , Jonah 's humility and honesty restored to the weary church what years of lies by his predecessors had undone .
That story had a happy ending , but I will end on a melancholy point .
Societies cannot survive without authoritative institutions .
But which authoritative persons or institutions can withstand constant critical scrutiny ?
In our culture , we are predisposed to see damage done from failing to question authority .
We are far less capable of grasping the destruction that can come from delegitimizing authority with corrosive suspicion .
How much reality must we choose to ignore for the greater good of our own souls , and society ?
I did not agree with the way Father Neuhaus answered that question when faced with the American Catholic Church 's worst - ever crisis .
But he was not wrong to ask it .
Rod Dreher ( rdreher@dallasnews.com ) is a Dallas Morning News columnist and author of the Crunchy Con blog on Beliefnet.com .
Seehofer fordert Verbot von Killerspielen Thomas Pany
CSU denkt über gesetzliche Konsequenzen aus dem Amoklauf von Winnenden nach
Auf den Emsdettener Amoklauf im November 2006 reagierte die Führung der CSU zunächst damit , die Diskussion über ein strikteres Verbot von Killerspielen anzuregen .
Wenige Monate später unterbreitete sie dem Bundesrat einen Gesetzesantrag zur Verbesserung des Jugendschutzes , in dem das strafrechtliche Verbot des Verbreitens und öffentlichen Zugänglichmachens " virtueller " Killerspiele neu in den Strafgesetzkatalog aufgenommen wurden .
Die Initiative scheiterte .
Auch nach dem Amoklauf von Winnenden bemühen sich nun Führungskräfte der CSU um ein verschärftes " Verbot der Killerspiele " .
Nachdem sich Innenminister Hermann aktuell schon dahin gehend geäußert hat , mahnt nun auch der CSU - Chef und bayerischer Ministerpräsident Horst Seehofer ein solches Verbot an .
Am kommenden Dienstag will die bayerische Landesregierung " über gesetzliche Konsequenzen aus dem Amoklauf von Winnenden beraten " .
Es soll dabei um ein Verbot von Killerspielen und um gesetzliche Regelungen zur Aufbewahrung von Waffen gehen .
Da die CSU seit der letzten Wahl in Bayern keinen Alleingang mehr gehen kann und auf ihren Koalitionspartner FDP angewiesen ist , darf man gespannt sein darauf , wie die sich die Liberalen in dieser Frage verhalten .
banning the sale of companion animals through retail and internet commerce .
This Bill would define the difference between Responsible Breed Specific Breeders , Shelter adoptions requiring adoption fees , Retailers , and Obvious Breeder Facilities !
( AKA - Puppy Mills / Back Yard Breeders )
The last two are obvious as they will list multiple Breeds and " unusually small breed " for sale , and may also refer to their dogs as " Designer " breeds .
Overpopulation of companion animals is no secret !
Thousands of homeless animals in shelters are killed daily throughout this country .
Puppy Mills are out of control !
Puppies are being illegally smuggled into the U.S. Commercial breeders are importing and exporting at alarming rates .
It is conceivable that this also contributes to animal abuse and neglect due to the lack of background checks on perspective buyers .
We ask that a bill be written to ban the sale of live animals through retail and internet commerce .
People that sell on the internet are , in fact , commercial breeders , including Puppy Millers or at the very least , Backyard breeders !
Included in this commercial industry are people advertising stud service , which in most cases , are those looking to breed “ fighting ” dogs .
A responsible breeder would never consider breeding for this purpose !
It includes Puppy Mill brokers who are contracted by pet retail stores .
They buy from these mills and sell to the retailer .
Aside from the above mentioned offensive act , this only allows for massive scamming , and false advertising , as these mills portray themselves as loving caring breeders and post totally bogus photos of their facilities .
Some of these websites are so deceiving , that people are “ scammed ” into believing they are buying a quality purebred when in fact , they are unknowingly buying from a callous , uncaring money monger .
Again , no responsible breeder would consider selling their animals through the internet ora reatile store as there is no way to monitor the perspective buyer .
While the Animal Welfare Act instructs the Secretary of the USDA to regulate any entity that purchases or transports live animals in interstate commerce , we realize this is not a viable option , nor a practical one to protect animals .
We , the undersigned ask that a Bill banning the sale of companion animals through retail or internet commerce , be created and presented to Congress .
Respectfully ,
Australia blacklisted a webpage on Monday from the whistle - blowing site Wikileaks that contains an index of URLs censored by Dutch authorities , a move adding to the country 's debate about whether the government should mandate internet filters .
The Australian Communications and Media Authority added two Wikileaks pages to its censorship list : one for the Dutch Danish government 's secret index of banned child porn sites as well as Wikileaks ' press release about how the index was used and why the site was publishing it .
ACMA 's list is estimated to hold more than a thousand URLs currently and is distributed to Australian ISPs , which are required by law to make filters available to users .
Wikileaks , the net 's foremost site for leaked documents , responded by announcing the ban , writing " The first rule of censorship is that you cannot talk about censorship . "
The Wikileaks page was submitted to the authorities for consideration in mid-February by a self - proclaimed anti-censorship advocate Tardis42 , a member of whirlpoolnet .au , a popular Australian online tech discussion site .
The federal government in Australia has been wanting to force all ISPs to use the list to censor the internet for everyone , but that plan has sputtered under severe criticism from online liberty groups and technical experts .
But just last week , ACMA forced Whirlpool to remove a user forum link that pointed to graphic pictures on an anti-abortion website .
ACMA threatened the site 's hosting provider with fines of $ 11,000 a day if the link was not removed .
That , free speech advocates say , shows the censorship regime is n't limited to fighting child pornography and will be used to block legitimate political speech .
This is not a first for Wikileaks .
A Cayman Islands bank angry about the leak of customer information briefly convinced a U.S. judge in February 2008 to censor the site for Americans , but the judge soon reversed course .
The incident galvanized support for the then - nascent site run by hackers and open government coders .
See Also :
The Fifth Third Burger
Firth Third Burger Nutritional Information
Calorie
Total Fat
Sat . Fat
Cholesterol
Sodium
Total Carbs
Protein
4889
299g
199g
744mg
10,887mg
354g
198g
244 %
460 %
597 %
248 %
454 %
118 %
105 %
Fifth Third Burger Video
Nothing quite brings a tear to my eye like a calorie packed greasy cheese burger .
So when I heard about this bad boy offered at the West Michigan Whitecap 's stadium I had to post about it .
I have to warn you , this burger is not for the faint of heart , as it is doubtful your heart will even work after finishing this sucker .
The burger is called the Fifth Third Burger , and features many tasty items all packed on a 1 lbs bun .
This heavy duty eight inch bun is packed with the following ingredients : 5 1/3lbs beef patties 1 Cup Chili5 Slices of American CheeseNacho CheeseLettuceSalsaSour CreamFrito's Potato ChipsOptional : JalapenoThe Fifth
Third burger comes equipped with enough calories to cover a regular human 's caloric requirements for four days .
Yes , that is right , 4889 calories in one single serving .
To make the entire burger experience even more enjoyable , if you are capable of consuming all 4889 calories in the fifth third by yourself , you will be presented with a coveted fifth third t- shirt !
If you are in the mood for sharing , the burger is intended to serve up to four people and can be chopped into pizza like slices for the whole family to enjoy .
Check out this video of the legendary Fifth Third burger being put together by the Whitecap baseball team 's concession chef !
A Judicial Document
THE MOST important sentence written in Israel this week was lost in the general tumult of exciting events .
Really exciting :
In a final act of villainy , typical of his whole tenure as Prime Minister , Ehud Olmert abandoned the captive soldier , Gilad Shalit .
Ehud Barak decided that the Labor Party must join the ultra - right government , which includes outright fascists .
And this , too : the former President of Israel was officially indicted for rape .
In this cacophony , who would pay any attention to a sentence written by lawyers in a document submitted to the Supreme Court ?
THE JUDICIAL debate concerns one of the most revolting laws ever enacted in Israel .
It says that the wife of an Israeli citizen is not allowed to join him in Israel if she is living in the occupied Palestinian territories or in a “ hostile ” Arab country .
The Arab citizens of Israel belong to Hamulas ( clans ) which extend beyond the borders of the state .
Arabs generally marry within the Hamula .
This is an ancient custom , deeply rooted in their culture , probably originating in the desire to keep the family property together .
In the Bible , Isaac married his cousin , Rebecca .
The “ Green Line ” , which was fixed arbitrarily by the events of the 1948 war , divides families .
One village found itself in Israel , the next remained outside the new state , the Hamula lives in both .
The Nakba also created a large Palestinian Diaspora .
A male Arab citizen in Israel who desires to marry a woman of his Hamula will often find her in the West Bank or in a refugee camp in Lebanon or Syria .
The woman will generally join her husband and be taken in by his family .
In theory , her husband could join her in Ramallah , but the standard of living there is much lower , and all his life – family , work , studies – is centered in Israel .
Because of the large difference in the standard of living , a man in the occupied territories who marries a woman in Israel will also usually join her and receive Israeli citizenship , leaving behind his former life .
It is hard to know how many Palestinians , male and female , have come to Israel during the 41 years of occupation and become Israeli citizens this way .
One government office speaks of twenty thousand , another of more than a hundred thousand .
Whatever the number , the Knesset has enacted an ( officially “ temporary ” ) law to put an end to this movement .
As usual with us , the pretext was security .
After all , the Arabs who are naturalized in Israel could be “ terrorists ” .
True , no statistics have ever been published about such cases – if there are any – but since when did a “ security ” assertion need evidence to prove it ?
Behind the security argument there lurks , of course , a demographic demon .
The Arabs now constitute about 20 % of Israel ’s citizens .
If the country were to be swamped by a flood of Arab brides and bridegrooms , this percentage might rise to – God forbid ! – 22 % .
How would the “ Jewish State ” look then ?
The matter came before the Supreme Court , The petitioners , Jews and Arabs , argued that this measure contradicts our Basic Laws ( our substitute for a nonexistent constitution ) which guarantee the equality of all citizens .
The answer of the Ministry of Justice lawyers let the cat out of the bag .
It asserts , for the first time , in unequivocal language , that : “ The State of Israel is at war with the Palestinian people , people against people , collective against collective . ”
ONE SHOULD read this sentence several times to appreciate its full impact .
This is not a phrase escaping from the mouth of a campaigning politician and disappearing with his breath , but a sentence written by cautious lawyers carefully weighing every letter .
If we are at war with “ the Palestinian people ” , this means that every Palestinian , wherever he or she may be , is an enemy .
That includes the inhabitants of the occupied territories , the refugees scattered throughout the world as well as the Arab citizens of Israel proper .
A mason in Taibeh , Israel , a farmer near Nablus in the West Bank , a policeman of the Palestinian Authority in Jenin , a Hamas fighter in Gaza , a girl in a school in the Mia Mia refugee camp near Sidon , Lebanon , a naturalized American shopkeeper in New York – “ collective against collective ” .
Of course , the lawyers did not invent this principle .
It has been accepted for a long time in daily life , and all arms of the government act accordingly .
The army averts its eyes when an “ illegal ” outpost is established in the West Bank on the land of Palestinians , and sends soldiers to protect the invaders .
Israeli courts customarily impose harsher sentences on Arab defendants than on Jews guilty of the same offense .
The soldiers of an army unit order T - shirts showing a pregnant Arab woman with a rifle trained on her belly and the words “ 1 shot , 2 kills ” ( as exposed in Haaretz this week ) .
THESE ANONYMOUS lawyers should perhaps be thanked for daring to formulate in a judicial document the reality that had previously been hidden in a thousand different ways .
The simple reality is that 127 years after the beginning of the first Jewish wave of immigration , 112 years after the founding of the Zionist movement , 61 years after the establishment of the State of Israel , 41 years after the beginning of the occupation , the Israeli - Palestinian war continues along all the front lines with undiminished vigor .
The inherent aim of the Zionist enterprise was and is to turn the country – at least up to the Jordan River – into a homogeneous Jewish state .
Throughout the course of Zionist - Israeli history , this aim has not been forsaken for a moment .
Every cell of the Israeli organism contains this genetic code and therefore acts accordingly , without the need for a specific directive .
In my mind I see this process as the urge of a river to reach the sea .
A river yearning for the sea does not recognize any law , except for the law of gravity .
If the terrain allows it , it will flow in a straight course , if not – it will cut a new riverbed , twist like a snake , turn right and left , go around obstacles .
If necessary , it will split into rivulets .
From time to time , new brooks will join it .
And every minute it will strive to reach the sea .
The Palestinian people , of course , oppose this process .
They refuse to budge , set up dams , try to push the stream back .
True , for more than a hundred years they have been on the retreat , but they have never surrendered .
They continue to resist with the same persistence as the advancing river .
ALL THIS has been associated , on the Israeli side , with an obstinate denial , using a thousand and one guises , pretexts , self - serving slogans and sanctimonious untruths .
But from time to time an unexpected flash of light shows what is really going on .
That happened this week , when one of the pre-military preparatory schools , set up to educate future officers , convened a meeting of alumni , most of them on active service or in the reserves , and encouraged them to speak freely about their experiences .
Since many of them had just returned from the Gaza War , and the things were burning in their bones ( as the Hebrew expression goes ) , shocking details were disclosed .
These quickly found their way to the media and were published at length in newspapers and on television .
To the readers of this column they would not come as a surprise .
I have written about them before , e.g. in my article “ Black Flag ” ( January 31 , 2009 ) .
Amira Hass and Gideon Levy have collected eye - witness reports from Gaza inhabitants , telling much the same stories .
But there is a difference : this time the facts are disclosed by the soldiers themselves , those who took part in the events or saw them with their own eyes .
The army was Shocked .
Surprised .
Revolted .
The official Army Liar , who bears the title of Army Spokesperson , had previously denied anything of the kind .
Now he promises that the army will investigate every incident “ as the case may require ” .
The Military Advocate General ordered the investigative arm of the military police to open an inquiry .
Since the same Advocate General bragged in the past that his officers had been embedded throughout the war in every front - line command post , one would have to be more than naïve to take his statement seriously .
One can rely on the army to ensure that nothing tangible emerges from the investigation .
An army investigating itself – like any institution investigating itself – is a farce .
In this case it is even more than farcical , since the soldiers must testify under the eyes of their commanders , while their comrades are listening .
In the alumni meeting , they spoke freely , believing that only those present would hear .
Even so , they needed a lot of courage to speak out .
And since each of them could speak only about what had happened in his immediate vicinity , only a few cases were brought up .
The army intends to investigate only those .
But the picture is far wider .
We have heard about many cases of the same kind , and they clearly were a widespread phenomenon .
A woman and her children were evicted by soldiers from their home in the middle of the fighting and immediately afterwards shot dead at close range by other soldiers who had orders to shoot everything that moved .
Old people and children walking on open ground were shot in cold blood by snipers who saw them clearly through their telescopic sights , who had orders that everybody moving should be considered a “ terrorist ” .
Homes were destroyed for no reason , simply because they were there .
Belongings inside apartments were vandalized just for fun , “ because they belong to Arabs ” .
Soldiers slit open sacks of food intended by UNO agencies for the hungry population , because they “ go to Arabs ” .
I know that such things happen in every war .
A year after the 1948 war I wrote a book about them called “ The Other Side of the Coin ” .
Every fighting army has its share of psychopaths , misfits and sadists , side by side with decent soldiers .
But even some of the normal soldiers may go berserk in battle , lose their sense of right and wrong and conform to the “ spirit of the unit ” , if it is such .
Something has happened to our army .
Its commanders never tire of calling it “ the Most Moral Army in the World ” and this has become a slogan like “ Guinness is Good For You ” .
But what happened during the Gaza operation testifies to a massive deterioration .
This deterioration is a natural result of the definition of the war as used in the document submitted to the Supreme Court .
This document must arouse shock and condemnation and serve as a wake - up call for every person to whom the future of Israel is dear .
This war must be ended .
The river must be channeled into a different bed , so that its waters will make the earth fertile - before we become irreversibly bestialized in our own eyes , and in the eyes of the world .
Click on each two - letter pair that is a valid Scrabble word ( OSPD4 ) .
Press " Score " when done .
JD IC FI EW RO VA PO IW JA UY FU AK CO UZ EA VE UQ OB OL KU OA IB MO UI TE UV UA EG FO XE II RT IE IM VO YI IQ ZU OJ IZ IH OM EZ ID ON PU BO NA OU IO WW EY OG VU EB IS UF AC IL CI EU EF ER GI ZI KE AW UB OT IK IU DU IX BU ZO EJ UW IR TO CU RI UK JU WA NI OZ XO UO AV RU TH DI LE KO CA GU TQ QU OC EI
The DCI Architecture : A New Vision of Object - Oriented Programming
by Trygve Reenskaug and James O. Coplien
March 20 , 2009
Advertisement
Summary
Object - oriented programming was supposed to unify the perspectives of the programmer and the end user in computer code : a boon both to usability and program comprehension .
While objects capture structure well , they fail to capture system action .
DCI is a vision to capture the end user cognitive model of roles and interactions between them .
Objects are principally about people and their mental models — not polymorphism , coupling and cohesion
Object oriented programming grew out of Doug Englebart 's vision of the computer as an extension of the human mind .
Alan Kay 's Dynabook vision , 1 often regarded as the progenitor of modern personal lap - tops , was perhaps the epitome of this vision : a truly personal computer that was almost a companion , an extension of self .
He would later create a language , Smalltalk , to carry that vision into the very source code .
In fact , the goal of object - oriented programming pioneers was to capture end user mental models in the code .
Today we are left with the legacy of these visions in the blossoming of interactive graphical interfaces and the domination of object - oriented languages in programming world - wide .
When a user approaches a GUI , he or she does two things : thinking and doing .
For a smooth interaction between man and machine , the computer 's " mental " model ( also the programmer 's mental model ) and the end user 's mental model must align with each other in kind of mind - meld .
In the end , any work that users do on their side of the interface manipulates the objects in the code .
If the program provides accurate real - time feedback about how user manipulations affect program state , it reduces user errors and surprises .
A good GUI provides this service .
Using an interactive program is like being a doctor trying to navigate a probe through a patient 's bronchial tubes : just as you can't see the objects in program memory , you can't see the actual probe in the patient 's body .
You need some external representation of the program structure , or of the bronchial probe , to guide your interaction with a program .
We 've been good at the mind - meld of structure
Both object - oriented design and the Model - View - Controller ( MVC ) framework grew to support this vision .
MVC 's goal was to provide the illusion of a direct connection from the end user brain to the computer " brain " — its memory and processor .
In some interfaces , this correspondence is obvious : if you create a circle on a PowerPoint® slide , the circle in your mind directly maps onto its representation in computer memory .
The rows and columns of a spread sheet ledger map onto the screen rows and columns in a spreadsheet program , which in turn map onto the data structures in the program .
Words on a text editor page reflect both our model of a written document and the computer 's model of stored text .
The object approach to structuring makes such alignment possible , and human thinking quickly aligns with the computer 's notion of structure .
MVC is about people and their mental models — not the Observer pattern
Most programmers think of MVC as a fancy composition of several instances of the Observer pattern .
Most programming environments provide MVC base classes that can be extended to synchronize the state of the Model , the View , and the Controller .
( Model , View and Controller are actually roles that can be played by the objects that the user provides — we 'll talk more about roles later . )
So it 's just a housekeeping technique , right ?
To think of it that way is to take a nerd 's perspective .
We 'll call that perspective " Model - View - Controller . "
More deeply , the framework exists to separate the representation of information from user interaction .
In that capacity we 'll call it " Model - View - Controller - User , " capturing all four of the important actors at work — MVC - U for short .
It can serve us well to define additional terms more precisely .
MVC-U is all about making connections between computer data and stuff in the end user 's head .
Data are the representation of information ; in computers , we often represent them as bits .
But the bits themselves mean nothing by themselves : they mean something only in the mind of the user when there is an interaction between them .
The mind of the end user can interpret these data ; then they become information .
Information is the term we use for interpreted data .
Information is a key element of the end user mental model .
2
This mapping first takes place as an end user approaches an interactive interface , using it to create the path between the data from which the interface is drawn , and his or her model of the business world .
A well - designed program does a good job of capturing the information model in the data model , or at least of providing the illusion of doing so .
If the software can do that then the user feels that the computer memory is an extension of his or her memory .
If not , then a " translation " process must compensate for the mismatch .
It 's at best awkward to do this translation in the code ( and it should n't be necessary if the coder knows the end user cognitive models ) .
It is painful , awkward , confusing , and error - prone for the end user to perform this mapping in their head in real time .
To unify these two models is called the direct manipulation metaphor : the sense that end users are actually manipulating objects in memory that reflect the images in their head .
Figure 1 . Direct Manipulation
The Direct Manipulation Metaphor
We want the system to provide a short path from the information to the data that represents it in the program ( Figure 1 ) .
The job of the model is to " filter " the raw data so the programmer can think about them in terms of simple cognitive models .
For example , a telephone system may have underlying objects that represent the basic building blocks of local telephony called half - calls .
( Think about it : if you just had " calls , " then where would the " call " object live if you were making a call between two call centers in two different cities ?
The concept of a " half - call " solves this problem . )
However , a telephone operator thinks of a " call " as a thing , which has a duration and may grow or shrink in the number of parties connected to it over its lifetime .
The Model supports this illusion .
Through the computer interface the end user feels as though they are directly manipulating a real thing in the system called a " Call . "
Other Models may present the same data ( of a half - call ) in another way , to serve a completely different end user perspective .
This illusion of direct manipulation lies at the heart of the object perspective of what computers are and how they serve people .
The View displays the Model on the screen .
View provides a simple protocol to pass information to and from the Model .
The heart of a View object presents the Model data in one particular way that is of interest to the end user .
Different views may support the same data , i.e. , the same Models , in completely different ways .
The classic example is that one View may show data as a bar graph while another shows the same data as a pie chart .
The Controller creates Views and coordinates Views and Models .
It usually takes on the role of interpreting input user gestures , which it receives as keystrokes , locater device data , and other events .
Figure 2 . Model - View - Controller - User
Together , these three roles define interactions between the objects that play them — all with the goal of sustaining the illusion that the computer memory is an extension of the end user memory : that computer data reflect that end user cognitive model ( Figure 2 ) .
That summarizes Model - View - Controller - User : it does a good job of supporting the thinking part of computer / human interaction .
... but in spite of capturing structure , OO fails to capture behavior
Unfortunately , object orientation has n't fared so well to capture how we reason about doing .
There is no obvious " place " for interactions to live , either on the GUI or in the code .
There are exceptions to this rule , particularly for simple actions that involve only a single object .
For example , a good interface might allow us to use a well - placed paint brush to change the color of a circle on the screen .
In the program , the code for re-coloring the circle is itself part of the circle .
In these simple cases the end user mental model , the code , and the screen all align .
But for a spreadsheet we can't see the sum over a column .
Instead , we need to invoke some set of mystical incantations to bring up a sub - window or other field that recovers an earlier constructed formula .
With appropriate screen design and interaction design we can limit the damage for the end user , and some user interfaces are surprisingly good at making these actions visible .
Still , it is far too often that such interfaces are shrouded in mystery .
Consider the totally opaque ceremony that takes place in a popular word processor between a picture and a paragraph as you strive to insert one into the other .
As if things are n't bad enough for the end user , they are as bad or even worse for the programmer .
Programmers are people , too , and we want them to be able to map from their understanding of user needs to their understanding of the code .
Object - oriented programming languages traditionally afford no way to capture collaborations between objects .
They do n't capture algorithms that flow over those collaborations .
Like the domain structure captured by object instances , these collaborations and interactions also have structure .
They form part of the end user mental model , but you can't find a cohesive representation of them in the code .
For example , users have expectations for their interactions with a spell - checker in a word processor and have a preconceived notion of its interactions with the text , with some dictionary , and with the end user .
Which object should encapsulate the spell - checking operation in a word processor :
The editing buffer ?
The dictionary ?
Some global spell - checker object ?
Some of these options lead to poor cohesion of the object that hosts spell checking while other options increase the coupling between objects .
In this article , we 'll show how to combine roles , algorithms , objects , and associations between them to provide a stronger mapping between the code and the end - user mental model .
The result is an architecture based on the object Data , the Collaborations between objects , and the way that Use Cases scenarios comprise Interactions between roles : the DCI architecture .
Where did we go wrong ?
We can trace much of our failure to capture the end user mental model of doing to a kind of object mythology that flourished doing the 1980s and into the first half of the 1990s .
Some buzzwords of this mindset included anthropomorphic design , smart objects , and emergent system behavior .
We were taught that system behavior should " emerge " from the interaction of dozens , hundreds or thousands of local methods .
The word of the day was : think locally , and global behavior would take care of itself .
Anyone caught writing a method that looked like a procedure , or caught doing procedural decomposition , was shunned by the OO community as " not getting it . "
In fact , most GUI problems start with the programmer 's inability to capture the end user cognitive model in the code .
The MVC framework makes it possible for the user to reason about what the system is : the thinking part of the user cognitive model .
But there is little in object orientation , and really nothing in MVC , that helps the developer capture doing in the code .
The developer does n't have a place where he or she can look to reason about end user behavioral requirements .
Back in the 1960s , we could take the behavioral requirements for a program , and the FORTRAN code that implemented them , and give both of them to an office mate — together with a big red pen — to review whether the code matched the requirements .
The overall form of the code reflected the form of the requirements .
In 1967 , software engineering took away my ability to do this : the algorithm had to be distributed across the objects , because to have a large method that represented an entire algorithm was believed to not be a " pure " object - oriented design .
How did we decide to split up the algorithm and distribute its parts to objects ?
On the basis of coupling and cohesion .
Algorithms ( methods ) had to be collocated with the object that showed the most affinity for the algorithm : optimizing cohesion .
That works fine when an algorithm lives within a single object , as might be true for changing the color of a circle on the screen , or adding a typed character to a word processor 's text buffer .
However , interesting business functionality often cuts across objects .
The spell - checker in the text editor involves the screen , some menus , the text buffer , and a dictionary .
Even for a shapes editor , the problem of calculating overlapping regions belongs to multiple objects .
Object - orientation pushed us into a world where we had to split up the algorithm and distribute it across several objects , doing the best piecemeal job that we could .
Back into the Users ' Head
If the goal of object - orientation was to capture end users ' conceptual model of their worlds , it might serve us well to journey back into that space to find out what lurks there .
We 'll start with familiar territory : the data model , which most nerds today call objects ( but then , to our puzzlement , model and discuss only as classes ) and then move on to more dynamic concepts called roles and collaborations .
All three of these — the data model , the role model , and the collaboration model — are conceptual concerns independent of programming language .
But , of course , one of our goals is that the programming language should be able to express these things .
So we 'll also look at programming concepts that express these concepts in code .
One of these concepts is called a class ( and we 're again on familiar ground ) , and the second is called a role .
Data : representing the user 's mental model of things in their world
Managing data is arguably the second oldest profession in computer science ( we 'll talk about the oldest profession below ) .
The old Data Flow Diagram ( DFD ) people used to tell us that the data are the stable part of design .
This truism carried forward into objects , and object designers were encouraged to look for stable object structures .
A particularly simplistic rule of thumb in early object - oriented design was : nouns ( e.g. in the requirements document ) are objects , and verbs are methods .
This dichotomy naturally fit the two concepts that programming languages could express .
Object - oriented programming languages — particularly the " pure " ones — expressed everything in terms of objects or methods on objects .
( Of course , most programming languages used classes to do this .
The point is that nothing was supposed to exist outside of an object framework . )
So if I looked at a Savings Account object , the fact that it was an object led us to capture it as such ( or as a class ) .
The fact that it could both decrease its balance and could do a withdrawal were lumped together as methods .
Both are behaviors .
However , these two behaviors are radically different .
Decreasing the balance is merely a characteristic of the data : what it is .
To do a withdrawal reflects the purpose of the data : what it does .
Being able to handle a withdrawal — which infers transaction semantics , user interactions , recovery , handling error conditions and business rules — far outstrips any notion of a data model .
Withdrawal , in fact , is a behavior of the system and entails system state , whereas reducing the balance is what makes an account an account and relates only to the object state .
These two properties are extremely different in kind from the important perspectives of system architecture , software engineering , and maintenance rate of change .
Object - orientation lumped them into the same bucket .
The problem with this approach is this :
If objects are supposed to remain stable , and if all of the code is in objects , then where do I represent the parts that change ?
A key , longstanding hallmark of a good program is that it separates what is stable from what changes in the interest of good maintenance .
If objects reflect the stable part of the code , there must be a mechanism other than objects to express requirements changes in the code , supporting the Agile vision of evolution and maintainability .
But objects are stable — and in an object - oriented program , there is no " other mechanism . "
Stuck with these artificial constraints , the object world came up with an artificial solution : using inheritance to express " programming by difference " or " programming by extension . "
Inheritance is perhaps best understood as a way to classify objects in a domain model .
For example , an exclusive - access file may be a special kind of disk file , or magnetic , optical and mechanical sensors might be different implementations of the more general notion of sensor .
( You might object and say that this is subtyping rather than inheritance , but few programming languages distinguish the expression of these two intents ) .
Because inheritance could express variations on a base , it quickly became a mechanism to capture behavioral additions to a " stable " base class .
In fact , this approach became heralded as an honorable design technique called the open - closed principle : that a class was closed to modification ( i.e. , it had to remain stable to capture the stability of the domain model ) but open to extension ( the addition of new , unanticipated code that supported new user behaviors ) .
This use of inheritance crept out of the world of programming language into the vernacular of design .
Somewhere along the line , statically typed languages got the upper hand , supported by software engineering .
One important aspect of static type system analysis was the class : a construct that allowed the compiler to generate efficient code for method lookup and polymorphism .
Even Smalltalk , whose initial vision of objects and a dynamic run-time environment was truly visionary , fell victim to the class compromise .
The class became the implementation tool for the analysis concept called an object .
This switch from dynamics to statics was the beginning of the end for capturing dynamic behavior .
Inheritance also became an increasingly common way to express subtyping , especially in Smalltalk and C ++.
You could cheat in Smalltalk and invoke a method in any class in an object 's inheritance hierarchy whether or not a default implementation appeared in the base class .
It would work , but it exacerbated the discovery problem , because the base class interface was n't representative of the object 's total behavior .
The statically typed languages created a culture of inheritance graphs as design abstractions in their own right , fully represented by the base class interface .
But because programming by extension took place at the bottom of the hierarchy , newly added methods either did n't appear in the base class — or , worse , needed to be added there ( e.g. , as pure virtual functions in C++ ) every time the inheritance hierarchy was extended to incorporate a new method .
The alternative was to take advantage of static typing , and to let clients of a derived class have access to the class declaration of classes that were added for programming - by - extension .
That preserved the " integrity " of the base class .
However , it also meant that statically typed languages encouraged cross-links between the buried layers of class hierarchies : an insidious form of violating encapsulation .
One result was global header file proliferation .
The C++ world tried to respond with RTTI and a variety of other techniques to help manage this problem while the community of dynamically typed languages shrugged and noted that this was n't a problem for them .
The rhetoric of the object community started turning against inheritance in the mid-1980s , but only out of a gut feel that was fueled by a few horror stories ( inheritance hierarchies 25 deep ) and the resulting software engineering nightmare of trying to trace business behavior back into the code .
In the end , this whole sordid story suggests that extension by derivation was a less - than - ideal solution .
But , in fact , inheritance was n't the most infested fly in the ointment .
Most such code changes could be traced back to behavioral requirements changes , and most such changes were driven by end users ' desire for new behaviors in the code .
Software is , after all , a service and not really a product , and its power lies in its ability to capture tasks and the growth and changes in tasks .
This is particularly credible in light of the argument ( well - sustained over the years ) that the data model is relatively stable over time .
The discord between the algorithm structure and domain structure would be the ultimate undoing of classes as units of growth ; we 'll get back to that below .
There is another key learning that we 'll carry forward from this perspective : that domain classes should be dumb .
Basic domain objects represent our primordial notions of the essence of a domain entity , rather than the whole universe of processes and algorithms that burdens traditional object - oriented development as Use Cases pile up over time .
If I asked you what a Savings Account object can do , you'd be wise to say that it can increase and decrease its balance , and report its balance .
But if you said that it can handle a deposit , we 're suddenly in the world of transactions and interactions with an ATM screen or an audit trail .
Now , we 've jumped outside the object and we 're talking about coupling with a host of business logic that a simple Savings Account has no business knowing about .
Even if we decided that we wanted to give objects business intelligence from the beginning , confident that we could somehow get it right so the interface would n't have to change much over time , such hopes are dashed by the fact that initial Use Cases give you a very small slice of the life - time code of a system .
We must separate simple , stable data models from dynamic behavioral models .
Roles : a ( not so ) new concept of action that also lives in users ' heads
So let 's go back into the user 's head and revisit the usual stereotype that everything up there is an object .
Let 's say that we 're going to build an ATM and that one Use Case we want to support is Money Transfer .
If we were to ask about your fond remembrances of your last account funds transfer , what would you report ?
A typical response to such a question takes the form , " Well , I chose a source account and a transfer amount , and then I chose a destination account , and I asked the system to transfer that amount between the accounts . "
In general , people are often a little less precise than this , using words like " one account " and " another account " instead of " source account " and " destination account . "
Notice that few people will say " I first picked my savings account , and then an amount , and then picked my investment account ... " and so forth .
Some respondents may actually say that , but to go to that level artificially constrains the problem .
If we look at such scenarios for any pair of classes , they will be the same , modulo the class of the two accounts .
The fact is that we all carry , in our heads , a general model of what fund transfer means , independent of the types of the account involved .
It is that model — that interaction — that we want to mirror from the user 's mind into the code .
So the first new concept we introduce is roles .
Whereas objects capture what objects are , roles capture collections of behaviors that are about what objects do .
Actually , it is n't so much that the concept of roles is new as it is unfamiliar .
Role - based modeling goes back at least to the OORAM method , which was published as a book in 1996.3
Roles are so unfamiliar to us because so much of our object thinking ( at least as nerds ) comes from our programming languages , and languages have been impoverished in their ability to express roles .
The interactions that weave their way through the roles are also not new to programming : we call them algorithms , and they are probably the only design formalism that predates data as having their own vocabulary and rules of thumb .
What 's interesting is that we consciously weave the algorithms through the roles .
It is as if we had broken down the algorithm using good old procedural decomposition and broken the lines of decomposition along role boundaries .
We do the same thing in old - fashioned object modeling , except that we break the lines of procedural decomposition ( methods ) along the lines of object boundaries .
Unfortunately , object boundaries already mean something else : they are loci of encapsulated domain knowledge , of the data .
There is little that suggests that the stepwise refinement of an algorithm into cognitive chunks should match the demarcations set by the data model .
Old - fashioned object orientation forced us to use the same mechanism for both demarcations , and this mechanism was called a class .
One or the other of the demarcating mechanisms is likely to win out .
If the algorithmic decomposition wins out , we end up with algorithmic fragments landing in one object but needing to talk to another , and coupling metrics suffer .
If the data decomposition wins out , we end up slicing out just those parts of the algorithm that are pertinent to the topic of the object to which they are assigned , and we end up with very small incohesive methods .
Old - fashioned object orientation explicitly encouraged the creation of such fine - grain methods , for example , a typical Smalltalk method is three statements long .
Roles provide natural boundaries to carry collections of operations that the user logically associates with each other .
If we talk about the Money Transfer example and its roles of Source Account and Destination Account , the algorithm might look like this :
Account holder chooses to transfer money from one account to another System displays valid accounts User selects Source Account System displays remaining valid accounts Account holder selects Destination Account System requests amount Account holder inputs amount Move Transferred Money and Do Accounting
The Use Case Move Transferred Money and Do Accounting might look like this :
System verifies funds are available System updates the accounts System updates statement information
The designer 's job is to transform this Use Case into an algorithm that honors design issues such as transactions .
The algorithm might look like this :
Source account begins transaction Source account verifies funds available ( notice that this must be done inside the transaction to avoid an intervening withdrawal ! )
Source account reduces its own balance Source account requests that Destination Account increase its balance Source Account updates its log to note that this was a transfer ( and not , for example , simply a withdrawal )
Source account requests that Destination Account update its log Source account ends transaction Source account informs Account Holder that the transfer has succeeded
The code for this algorithm might look like this :
template < class ConcreteAccountType > class TransferMoneySourceAccount : public MoneySource { private : ConcreteDerived * const self ( ) { return static_cast < ConcreteDerived *>( this ) ; } void transfer To( Currency amount ) { //
This code is reviewable and // meaningfully testable with stubs ! beginTransaction ( ) ; if ( self ( ) ->availableBalance ( ) < amount ) { endTransaction ( ) ; throw InsufficientFunds ( ) ; } else { self ( ) -> decreaseBalance ( amount ) ; recipient ( ) -> increaseBalance ( amount ) ; self ( ) ->updateLog ( " Transfer Out " , DateTime ( ) , amount ) ; recipient ( )->updateLog ( " Transfer In " , DateTime ( ) , amount ) ; } gui->displayScreen( SUCCESS_DEPOSIT_SCREEN ) ; endTransaction ( ) ; }
It is almost a literal expansion from the Use Case .
That makes it more understandable than if the logic is spread over many class boundaries that are arbitrary with respect to the natural organization of the logic — as found in the end user mental model .
We call this a methodful role — a concept we explore more thoroughly in the next section .
At their heart , roles embody generic , abstract algorithms .
They have no flesh and blood and can't really do anything .
At some point it all comes down to objects — the same objects that embody the domain model .
The fundamental problem solved by DCI is that people have two different models in their heads of a single , unified thing called an object .
They have the what - the - system - is data model that supports thinking about a bank with its accounts , and the what - the - system - does algorithm model for transferring funds between accounts .
Users recognize individual objects and their domain existence , but each object must also implement behaviors that come from the user 's model of the interactions that tie it together with other objects through the roles it plays in a given Use Case .
End users have a good intuition about how these two views fit together .
For example , end users know that their Savings Accounts take on certain responsibilities in the role of a Source Account in a Money Transfer Use Case .
That , too — the mapping between the role view and data view — is also part of the user cognitive model .
We call it the Context of the execution of a Use Case scenario .
We depict the model in Figure 3 .
On the right we capture the end user role abstractions as interfaces ( as in Java or in C# ; in C++ , we can use pure abstract base classes ) .
These capture the basic architectural form , to be filled in as requirements and domain understanding grow .
At the top we find roles that start as clones of the role abstractions on the right , but whose methods are filled in .
For a concept like a Source Account in a Money Transfer Use Case , we can define some methods independent of the exact type of object that will play that role at run time .
These roles are generic types , analogous to Java or Ada generics or C++ templates .
These two artifacts together capture the end user model of roles and algorithms in the code .
Figure 3 . Combining Structure and Algorithm in a Class
On the left we have our old friends , the classes .
Both the roles and classes live in the end user 's head .
The two are fused at run time into a single object .
Since objects come from classes in most programming languages , we have to make it appear as though the domain classes can support the business functions that exist in the separate source of the role formalisms .
At compile time programmers must face the end user 's models both of Use Case scenarios and the entities they operate on .
We want to help the programmer capture those models separately in two different programming constructs , honoring the dichotomy in the end user 's head .
We usually think of classes as the natural place to collect such behaviors or algorithms together .
But we must also support the seeming paradox that each of these compile - time concepts co-exists with the other at run time in a single thing called the object .
This sounds hard , but even end users are able to combine parts of these two views in their heads .
That 's why they know that a Savings Account — which is just a way of talking about how much money I can access right now through a certain key called an account number — can be asked to play the role of a Source Account in a Money Transfer operation .
So we should be able to snip operations from the Money Transfer Use Case scenario and add them to the rather dumb Savings Account object .
Figure 3 shows such gluing together of the role logic ( the arcs ) and the class logic ( rounded rectangles ) .
Savings Account already has operations that allow it to carry out its humble job of reporting , increasing , or decreasing its balance .
These latter operations , it supports ( at run time ) from its domain class ( a compile - time construct ) .
The more dynamic operations related to the Use Case scenario come from the roles that the object plays .
The collections of operations snipped from the Use Case scenario are called roles .
We want to capture them in closed form ( source code ) at compile time , but ensure that the object can support them when the corresponding Use Case comes around at run time .
So , as we show in Figure 4 , an object of a class supports not only the member functions of its class , but also can execute the member functions of the role it is playing at any given time as though they were its own .
That is , we want to inject the roles ' logic into the objects so that they are as much part of the object as the methods that the object receives from its class at instantiation time .
Figure 4 . Combining Structure and Algorithm in an Object
Here , we set things up so each object has all possible logic at compile time to support whatever role it might be asked to play .
However , if we are smart enough to inject just enough logic into each object at run time , just as it is needed to support its appearance in a given role , we can do that , too .
Roles working together : Contexts and Interactions
When I go up to an ATM to do a money transfer , I have two objects in mind ( let 's say that they are My Savings Account and My Investment Account ) , as well as a vision of the process , or algorithm , that takes money from some Source Account and adds it to some Destination Account in a way that is agreeable to both me and the bank .
( It 's probably true that My Savings Account is n't actually an object in a real bank , but it probably is an object within the realm of the ATM .
Even if it is n't , there are some nice generalizations in DCI that cause it not to matter . )
I also have a notion of how to map between these two .
I establish that mapping , or context , as I interact with the ATM .
First , I probably establish that I want to do a funds transfer .
That puts a money - transfer scenario in my mind 's " cache , " as well as bringing some kind of representation of the roles and algorithms into the computer memory .
We can capture these scenarios in terms of roles , as described above .
Second , I probably choose the Source Account and Destination account for the transfer .
In the computer , the program brings those objects into memory .
They are dumb , dumb data objects that know their balance and a few simple things like how to increase or decrease their balance .
Neither account object alone understands anything as complex as a database transaction : that is a higher - order business function related to what - the - system - does , and the objects individually are about what - the - system - is .
The higher - level knowledge does n't live in the objects themselves but in the roles that those objects play in this interaction .
Now I want to do the transfer .
For the transfer to happen , I need My Savings Account to be able to play the role of Source Account , and the My Investment Account object to play the role of the Destination Account .
Imagine that we could magically glue the member functions of the roles onto their respective objects , and then just run the interaction .
Each role " method " would execute in the context of the object into which it had been glued , which is exactly how the end user perceives it .
In the next section of this article we 'll look exactly at how we give the objects the intelligence necessary to play the roles they must play : for the time being , imagine that we might use something like delegation or mix-ins or Aspects .
( In fact each of these approaches has at least minor problems and we 'll use something else instead , but the solution is nonetheless reminiscent of all of these existing techniques . )
Figure 5 . Mapping Roles to Objects
The arrow from the Controller and Model into the Context just shows that the Controller initiates the mapping , perhaps with some parameters that give hints about the mapping , and that the Model objects are the source of most mapping targets .
The Methodless Roles are identifiers through which application code ( in the Controller and in Methodful Roles ) accesses objects that provide services available through identifiers of that type .
This becomes particularly useful in languages with compile - time type checking , as the compiler can provide a modicum of safety that ensures , at compile time , that a given object can and will support the requested role functionality .
By this time , all the objects necessary to affect the transfer are in memory .
As indicated above , the end user also has a process or algorithm in mind to do the money transfer in terms of the roles involved .
We need to pick out code that can run that algorithm , and then all we have to do is line up the right objects with the right roles and let the code run .
As shown in Figure 5 , the algorithm and role - to - object mapping are owned by a Context object .
The Context " knows " how to find or retrieve the objects that become the actual actors in this Use Case , and " casts " them to the appropriate roles in the Use Case scenarios ( we use the term " cast " at least in the theatrical sense and conjecturally in the sense of some programming language type systems ) .
In a typical implementation there is a Context object for each Use Case , and each Context includes an identifier for each of the roles involved in that Use Case .
All that the Context has to do is bind the role identifiers to the right objects .
Then we just kick off the trigger method on the " entry " role for that Context , and the code just runs .
It might run for nanoseconds or years — but it reflects the end user model of computation .
Now we have the complete DCI architecture :
The data , that live in the domain objects that are rooted in domain classes ;
The context that brings live objects into their positions in a scenario , on demand ;
The interactions , that describe end - user algorithms in terms of the roles , both of which can be found in end users ' heads .
As shown in Figure 5 , we can think of the Context as a table that maps a role member function ( a row of the table ) onto an object method ( the table columns are objects ) .
The table is filled in based on programmer - supplied business intelligence in the Context object that knows , for a given Use Case , what objects should play what roles .
A method of one role interacts with other role methods in terms of their role interfaces , and is also subject to the role - to - object mapping provided by the Context .
The code in the Controller can now deal with business logic largely in terms of Contexts : any detailed object knowledge can be written in terms of roles that are translated to objects through the Context .
One way of thinking about this style of programming is that it is a higher order form of polymorphism than supported by programming languages .
In fact , all of the polymorphism can be under programmer control : roles are explicitly mapped to objects , and every role method invocation can be statically bound .
This makes the code straightforward to analyze and understand statically .
Compare that with the usual implementation of method dispatch in an object - oriented programming language , where it is in general impossible to determine where a method invocation will end up through a static analysis of the code .
In some implementations the Context also does the injection of the business logic methods into the domain objects .
This is particularly true in implementations based on dynamic languages such as Python and Ruby .
In C++ and C # we usually " pre-load " all of the business logic methods by injecting them at the class level , which can be done even at compile time .
In Scala we can achieve a hybrid when creating an object from a domain class by injecting the role methods as part of the instantiation .
( Scala is really doing the same thing as C++ and C# , but it has a nice syntax of specifying mixins at instantiation points .
The Scala compiler will generate an anonymous class that pre-loads all of the business logic methods , and that class is intantiated just at that one point . )
When the object comes into existence it has a hybrid type that offers the behaviors both of the base domain class as well as the Use Case roles .
One can imagine building rich Context objects that define whole subgraphs of self - contained role relationships : relationships so stable that they constitute a kind of domain in their own right .
If these Context objects have a small number of public methods they can behave like domain objects .
Consider a Savings Account , which is often wrongly used as an example of a class in simple courses on object orientation .
A Savings Account is really a collection of behaviors on roles , where the roles are transactions , transaction logs , and audit trails .
If Savings Account is a Context , it can map these roles onto the right objects for a given method ( e.g. , to calculate the balance of the account or to generate a monthly statement ) and then kick off the computation on the suitable role .
The Savings Account Context can be used as a domain object by " higher - level " Context objects , and it can call on Context objects below it .
This is a powerful concept supporting a multi-tiered domain model .
Traits as the design trick to combine characteristics and purpose
The question is : how do we do this ?
And the punch line is a concept called a trait .
If a role is an analysis concept ( from the mind of the end user ) , then a trait is a general design concept that represents the role , and its implementation varies from programming language to programming language .
For example , we can represent traits in C++ as templates whose member functions are composed with those of a concrete class at compile time , so that the object exhibits both the class and template behaviors at run time .
. . . . template < class ConcreteAccountType > class TransferMoneySourceAccount { public : void transferTo( Currency amount ) { beginTransaction ( ) ; if ( self ( ) ->availableBalance ( ) < amount ) { . . . . } . . . . class SavingsAccount : public Account , public TransferMoneySourceAccount<SavingsAccount > { public : void decreaseBalance ( Currency amount ) { . . . . } } . . . .
. . . . trait TransferMoneySourceAccount extends SourceAccount { this : Account => //
This code is reviewable and testable !
def transferTo( amount : Currency ) { beginTransaction ( ) if ( availableBalance < amount ) { . . . . } } . . . . val source = new SavingsAccount with TransferMoneySourceAccount val destination = new CheckingAccount with TransferMoneyDestinationAccount . . . .
In Scala , traits are implemented by a language construct called , curiously enough , a trait , whose methods can be injected into an object at instantiation time .
In Squeak Smalltalk , we implement methodful roles with Squeak Traits used according to certain conventions pioneered by Schärli4 and inject a trait 's methods into appropriate Data classes by adding its methods to the class method tables at compile time .
. . . .
RoleTrait named : # TransferMoneySource uses : {} roleContextClassName : #MoneyTransferContext category : ' BB5Bank - Traits ' . . . . TransferMoneySource >> transfer : amount self balance < amount if True : [ self notify : ' Insufficient funds ' . ^self ] .
. . . .
Object subclass : # Account
uses : TransferMoneySource
instanceVariableNames : ' balance '
classVariableNames : ''
poolDictionaries : ''
category : ' BB5Bank - Data '
DCI implementations also exist in C# /. Net ( Christian Horsdal Gammelgaard ) , Ruby ( Steen Lenmann ) , Python ( David Byers and Serge Beaumont ) , and Groovy ( Lars Vonk ) .
The Qi4J environment ( Richard Öberg and Steen Lehmann ) is pushing forward the ability to express traits in a Java environment .
Properties of DCI
We use roles to capture the main user concepts that participate in a Use Case requirement .
Roles are first - class components of the end user cognitive model , so we want to reflect them in the code .
Semantically , these roles map closely to the concept of interfaces in Java or .
Net .
However , we use interfaces to capture only the overall form of the behavioral design .
Ultimately , our goal is to capture the Use Cases in code , and we 'll use other language features to do that .
The approach varies with programming language .
In Squeak and Scala , we can use traits directly .
In C++ we can simulate traits using templates .
In other languages , we can use classes together with some tricks that associate methods of one class with an object of another .
We use objects to capture the deep domain concepts that come from experience and tacit knowledge , as barely smart data .
In the old days we distributed responsibilities to classes using CRC cards ( Classes , Responsibilities , and Collaborations ) .
But it is n't classes that exhibit responsibilities : roles do .
We find this when we ask people to elicit their recollection of some activity : people talk about the task of ordering a book , of transferring money between accounts , and most such transactions as involving roles rather than classes .
The software exhibits the open - closed principle Whereas the open - closed principle based on inheritance alone led to poor information hiding , the DCI style maintains the integrity of both the domain classes and the roles .
Classes are closed to modification but are opened to extension through injection of roles .
DCI is a natural fit for Agile software development .
It allows programmers to connect directly with the end user mental model ( going beyond just customers to engage end user interactions instead of processes and tools ) .
We can therefore use shared customer vocabulary and iterate the code side by side with them ( customer collaboration over contract negotiation ) .
We can reason about the form of task sequencing ( which greatly raises the chance of delivering working software — because at least the programmer can understand it , and the translation distance to the end user mental model is much shorter ) .
And , last but not least , it separates the rapidly changing Use Case part from the stable domain part so that we embrace change .
Each of these benefits ties directly to a provision of the Agile Manifesto ( http://www.agilemanifesto.org).
Other bits
There are certainly other models in the user 's head .
One common darling of some software engineering camps is business rules .
DCI does n't provide a convenient home to capture rules ; that is perhaps a weakness in the same way that the failure to capture interactions was a weakness of primordial object orientation .
Many other formalisms , such as states and state transitions , can be viewed as derived models that come from the data and usage models .
For example , I know that it makes sense to depress the accelerator on my car only if I am in a state where the gearbox is engaged ; the state machine representation of this constellation would show an allowable accelerator " message " to occur only in the gearbox " state . "
However , this transition can also be viewed as a sequence of steps that are described in terms of roles ( accelerator , gearbox , engine ) .
A quick check with our intuition suggests that this latter model is a better fit for our intuition , while the state machine model may be a better fit for a nerd - centric view .
However , we offer no firm research evidence for such conclusions .
In the interest of full disclosure , this is an area where we believe additional research could bear fruit .
However , lacking a complete picture is probably not a good reason to move to a more faithful picture , and we view DCI as an important step in that direction .
DCI fulfilling a bit of history
DCI is in many respects a unification of many past paradigms that have appeared as side - cars to object - oriented programming over the years .
Though aspect - oriented programming ( AOP ) has other uses as well , DCI meets many applications of AOP and many of the goals of Aspects in separating concerns .
In line with the fundamental principles underlying AOP , DCI is based on a deep form of reflection or meta- programming .
Unlike Aspects , Roles aggregate and compose nicely .
Contexts provide a scoped closure of association between sets of roles , while Aspects only pair with the objects to which they are applied .
In many ways DCI reflects a mix - in style strategy , though mix-ins themselves lack the dynamics that we find in Context semantics .
DCI implements many of the simple goals of multi-paradigm design , in being able to separate procedural logic from object logic .
However , DCI has much better coupling and cohesion results than the more brute - force techniques of multi-paradigm design offer .
End notes
1. A Personal Computer for Children of All Ages , Alan Kay , Xerox Palo Alto Research Center , 1972 ( http://www.mprove.de/diplom/gui/Kay72a.pdf)
2. IFIP -ICC Vocabulary of Information Processing ; North - Holland , Amsterdam , Holland .
1966 ; p. A1 - A6 .
3. Working with Objects : The Ooram Software Engineering Method. , Reenskaug , Trygve , Wold , P. , Lehne , O. A. , Greenwich : Manning Publications , 1996 .
4. Traits : The Formal Model , N. Schärli , Nierstrasz , O ; Ducasse , S ; Wuyts , R ; Black , A ; “ Traits : The Formal Model , ” Technical Report , no .
IAM - 02-006 , Institut für Informatik , November 2002 , Technical Report , Universität Bern , Switzerland , Also available as Technical Report CSE -02-013 , OGI School of Science & Engineering , Beaverton , Oregon , USA
Acknowledgments
Many thanks for comments and a Scala code example from Bill Venners .
Share your opinion
Have an opinion on the ideas presented in this article ?
You can discuss this article in the Articles Forum Topic , The DCI Architecture .
About the authors
Trygve Reenskaug has 50 years experience with the development of professional software and software engineering methodologies .
He is now a researcher and professor emeritus of informatics at the University of Oslo .
He has extensive teaching and speaking experience including keynotes , talks and tutorials .
His firsts include the Autokon system for computer aided design of ships with end user programming , structured programming and a data base oriented architecture ( 1960 ) .
Object oriented applications ( 1973 ) .
Model - View - Controller , the world 's first reusable object oriented framework ( 1979 ) .
OOram role modeling method and tool ( 1983 ) .
The premier book on role modeling ( 1995 ) .
He was a member of the UML Core Team , adding parts of the role modeling technology under the name of Collaborations .
He has develped the DCI paradigm for high level programming of object system state and behavior .
He is currently working on BabyIDE ; a companion development environment for working with a program as seen in different perspectives such as Data , Communication and Interaction ( DCI ) .
The Swedish government has approved a draft document granting compensation to thousands of women who were forcibly sterilised as part of a 40 - year eugenics programme .
The government has agreed to grant around $ 21,150 to each of the victims .
Officials have given the document to their lawyers to iron out the details , but no major changes are expected .
Two years ago , an investigative reporter uncovered the policy carried out between 1936 and 1976 of forcibly sterilising women considered socially unfit .
They included women released from prison , the mentally ill , people with learning difficulties , the poor , epileptics , alcoholics and women of " mixed racial quality " .
Consent form
Around 63,000 women were sterilised over the 40 - year period .
Over 90 % of them had signed a consent form , but between 6,000 and 15,000 had not and are eligible for compensation .
A signature on a consent form is no longer considered sufficient for sterilisation nowadays .
Some women were forced to undergo the operation in order to get out of prison , to qualify for certain welfare benefits or to avoid losing custody of their children .
Several of the people sterilised were children .
Haunted
Leif Persson , secretary of the commission set up to look into the sterilisation policy , said found it easy to find information on women who had been sterilised in mental hospitals , in prisons or as minors .
Many others had called the commission .
In the last month , at least 150 people had contacted the commission .
" They say they have been haunted by this their whole lives and that this has been a real source of shame for them , " Mr Person told Reuters news agency .
Since the Swedish case came to light , it has been revealed that many other countries carried out sterilisation programmes , based on eugenics ideas linked to the Nazis .
They include Austria , France , Finland , Norway and Switzerland .
With the serious drought conditions in the west right now , more and more homeowners are looking to xeriscaping as a way to conserve water and still have a healthy , beautiful yard .
For those saying “ What the heck is xeriscaping ? ” , it is n’t nearly as mysterious as it sounds .
Xeriscaping is simply the conservation of water through landscaping , and gardening in a manner that reduces or eliminates the need for supplemental irrigation .
The word xeriscape comes from the conjunction of the Greek word ‘ xeros ’ ( dry ) and landscaping .
For some , the word conjures up the image of a cactus - filled yard , but xeriscaping does n’t have to be only desert plants , just plants appropriate for your area ’s rainfall .
Photo by jeremy levine design
Xeriscaping was originally developed for drought affected areas , but the basic principles of xeriscape can be applied just about anywhere .
With water now being considered a limited resource , any landscaping projects , from residential to commercial , can be converted to xeriscapes .
Xeriscapes are not all the same – pretty much any landscaping style can be achieved while adhering to the principles .
The benefits of a xeriscaped yard :
Water conservation :
In North America , about 50 % of residential water used is for landscape and lawns .
Using xeriscape principles can reduce that water use by 50 to 75 % .
: In North America , about 50 % of residential water used is for landscape and lawns .
Using xeriscape principles can reduce that water use by 50 to 75 % .
Low maintenance :
The occasional pruning and weeding still need to be done , but because watering requirements are low , the time and effort ( and money ) involved in maintaining the landscaping are minimal .
: The occasional pruning and weeding still need to be done , but because watering requirements are low , the time and effort ( and money ) involved in maintaining the landscaping are minimal .
Less fossil - fuel input :
Since large areas of grass are not natural in most parts of the world , xeriscapes often have only small amounts of turf in the yard .
By decreasing the area of grass that needs to be cut , fertilized , and aerated , less fuel is needed to maintain your yard .
: Since large areas of grass are not natural in most parts of the world , xeriscapes often have only small amounts of turf in the yard .
By decreasing the area of grass that needs to be cut , fertilized , and aerated , less fuel is needed to maintain your yard .
No fertilizers or pesticides are needed :
By using plants native to your area , you can cut out the need for chemical fertilizers and pesticides .
By building up a healthy soil in your yard , all the nutrients necessary for growth will be supplied naturally .
: By using plants native to your area , you can cut out the need for chemical fertilizers and pesticides .
By building up a healthy soil in your yard , all the nutrients necessary for growth will be supplied naturally .
Provides habitat for native wildlife : Native plants , trees and shrubs can offer a familiar and diverse habitat for local wildlife , adding to the natural appeal .
: Native plants , trees and shrubs can offer a familiar and diverse habitat for local wildlife , adding to the natural appeal .
Increased property value : Â A good xeriscaped yard can raise property values by drought - proofing the landscaping and making for a low - maintenance yard .
The seven principles of designing a xeriscape :
Plan ahead :
Identify the sunny and shady areas , and any slopes that might need consideration in your design .
Plan groupings of plants with similar water and sun / shade needs to minimize maintenance and maximize the health of the plants .
: Identify the sunny and shady areas , and any slopes that might need consideration in your design .
Plan groupings of plants with similar water and sun / shade needs to minimize maintenance and maximize the health of the plants .
Improve your soil :
A healthy soil absorbs and retains water better , so adding organic matter to the planting areas makes for a successful xeriscaped yard .
: A healthy soil absorbs and retains water better , so adding organic matter to the planting areas makes for a successful xeriscaped yard .
Use efficient irrigation techniques :
Even the hardiest xeriscape plants may need supplemental water until established .
Install a drip system or use a soaker hose , and learn to water deeply and infrequently , and time it for periods of low evaporation .
: Even the hardiest xeriscape plants may need supplemental water until established .
Install a drip system or use a soaker hose , and learn to water deeply and infrequently , and time it for periods of low evaporation .
Keep turf to a minimum :
Grassy areas should be in areas where they are most likely to be used often , and kept to a minimum size .
No need for a large lawn if nobody uses it .
: Grassy areas should be in areas where they are most likely to be used often , and kept to a minimum size .
No need for a large lawn if nobody uses it .
Choose plants appropriate to your area :
Most local nurseries can help you to choose the plants that are native ( or do well in your area ) , and are a great resource for learning about plant groupings for similar water / sun / shade needs .
: Most local nurseries can help you to choose the plants that are native ( or do well in your area ) , and are a great resource for learning about plant groupings for similar water / sun / shade needs .
Mulch , mulch , mulch :
Two to four inches of mulch will conserve water through decreased evaporation and help to keep the soil cool .
The mulch will also suppress weeds and decompose into organic matter to improve the soil .
: Two to four inches of mulch will conserve water through decreased evaporation and help to keep the soil cool .
The mulch will also suppress weeds and decompose into organic matter to improve the soil .
Maintain : Even a xeriscaped yard need some attention , from pruning the trees and cutting back perennials to keeping the watering system functioning optimally .
For more tips , Colorado WaterWise has a great resource page , as does the Colorado Springs Utilities .
Every single aspect of “ Dragonball : Evolution “ is a giant turdtacular crapgasm .
The only reason this movie is even on my radar is the fact that Spike James Marsters Spike is playing the boss fight , Lord Piccolo .
I ’m all for Buffy alums getting work , but seeing him in this ( or rather knowing he ’s in this while making sure I NEVER actually see it ) makes me a little sad .
Despite how low rent the trailers and other advertising make “ Dragonball ” seem , I bet if they had managed to release this in 2002 it would have done astoundingly well .
At that time the Dragonball property was what analysts refer to as a “ CASHterfuck . ”
Meaning that it was a seemingly worthless concept that , against all reason , generated cash that could only be measured with comically large scales .
The DBZ fad is over and kids have moved on to more Pokemons or Narutos or knife fights or whatever kids care about now .
I saw a few episodes of “ Dragonball Z ” when it first started to air in the states .
I was mezmerized by the fact that entire episodes would pass while nothing had actually happened on screen .
It was a lot like “ Heroes ” in that respect .
More grunting , less Grunberg though .
True story : my first flirtation with voice acting was auditioning for “ Dragonball Z. ”
It was dubbed for the US by FUNimation here in Ft. Worth .
I read for several parts and at one point I was in the running for some sort of cat or something , but in the end I did n’t make the cut .
I knew the cartoon was shit , but I certainly would have liked to add “ voice for weird space cat on national cartoon show ” to my creative resume .
Do you want to see “ DB : Evolution ” just to witness the trainwreck ?
Or do you think it might actually hold some genuine intertainment value ?
I plan to stear clear , but leave your thoughts in the comments .
Israeli settler numbers have grown in the West Bank despite peace efforts
The Israeli government has plans to build at least 73,000 new homes for Jews in the occupied West Bank , the anti-settlement group Peace Now says .
If the plans are implemented in full it would double the number of settlers in the West Bank outside east Jerusalem , according to the Peace Now website .
Israeli officials said the plans referred to potential construction and only a small number had been approved .
Continued settlement work is seen as a major barrier to Palestinian statehood .
Correspondents say the information indicates Israel 's next coalition government , currently in the process of being formed by Likud leader Benjamin Netanyahu , has a wide choice of projects for settlement expansion .
If coalition negotiations force him into a strongly pro-settlement right - wing government , the plans could put him in collision course with the new US government , they add .
Freeze
The Palestinian Authority , which has been engaged in a revived negotiated process since November 2007 , has warned Israel that it must choose between peace and settlements , but it can not have both .
The completion of these projects will make the plan of creating a Palestinian state next to Israel totally unrealistic
Yariv Oppenheimer
Peace Now
Obstacles to peace : Settlements Successive Israel governments have paid lip - service to international agreements with the Palestinians to freeze settlement activity .
However settlement population has grown rapidly , as the governments have refused to curb what they call " natural growth " of the settlements - growth within what Israel defines as the boundaries of established settlements .
Peace
Now said in its report that there are plans for huge construction to double the size of some settlements including Beitar Illit , Ariel , Maale Adumim and Efrat settlements .
" The completion of these projects will make the plan of creating a Palestinian state next to Israel totally unrealistic , " Peace Now head Yariv Oppenheimer said in a radio interview .
Housing ministry spokesman Eran Sidis insisted in an interview with the AFP news agency that the plans " refer only to potential construction " and " in practice only a very small part of these urbanism projects are implemented " .
All Jewish settlements in the Palestinian territory are regarded as illegal under international law , although Israel disputes this .
More than 400,000 Jewish settlers live in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , areas which were captured by Israeli in the 1967 war .
The Obama administration has pledged to pursue Palestinian statehood swiftly in negotiations .
It is yet to endorse the Bush administration position that Israel should keep hold of large settlement blocs in the occupied territories .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Buying Votes in Bangkok … With Viagra
Politics in Thailand and buying votes are nothing new , but creative ways to garner favor among the populace is a challenge for even the most resourceful candidates .
In lieu of cash , one Bangkok candidate in a recent election allegedly handed out Viagra tablets .
The rules about handing out favors to voters have always been strict in Thailand , and they even forbid the distribution of free T - shirts and soft drinks .
But a new law will make that look like a piece of cake , as now criminal charges can be brought against both the supplier and the recipient of vote - buying that can lead up to ten years in prison !
The accuser , Sayan Nopcha , a campaigner for the People ’s Power Party in Bangkok , whose older brother is running for office , would not identify the candidate who allegedly handed out the pills .
He told authorities that the drug , which is supposed to be used only via a doctor ’s prescription , was being freely distributed to elderly male voters .
â€ œThe politician is giving out Viagra to gain popularity and votes .
I think this is a very bad way of vote - buying , â€ said Sayan .
There were many candidates competing for many seats in this past election .
How many of them broke the law is one question .
How many of them made some senior citizens very happy , at least for a little while , is quite another !
( Link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
According to Apple ’s press , Steve Jobs has gained as estimate of 6 lbs since the beginning of March , a sign that may indicate his health condition is starting to stabilize .
In January , the Apple ’s CEO published a letter claiming his weight loss was due to hormone imbalance , a minor condition that can be treated without much hassle .
Then a week later , he disclosed that his health - related issues were more complex than he originally thought .
The news immediately sent Apple ’s stock 7 % lower in the after - hour trading .
This is the kind of news that all Apple ’s fans and stockholders would like to hear .
Apple is a solid company and continues to make money even in the current recession .
We wish Mr. Jobs to be healthy again and return as acting CEO as soon as his treatment is over .
How could one company be worth bailing out for $ 180 billion ?
That ’s how much the US has contributed to AIG so far .
So what is it about an insurance company that makes AIG so central to the financial system that they ca n’t be allowed to fail at any cost ?
Hank Paulson used to at least make a show of trying to explain the latest bailout moves .
It seems that the Obama administration , despite all that talk about transparency , has just decided to keep Tim Geithner locked up on these critical days .
But let 's light a match rather than curse the darkness .
To understand why AIG is special , you need to understand how credit default swaps wound up playing an important role on the balance sheets of banks all around the world .
Basically , as banks loaded up on risky corporate loans and mortgage backed securities , they were forced with a choice : sock away more money against a rainy day or buy an umbrella from AIG .
If you bought the umbrella , you were allowed to keep using your capital for investments .
Now that it ’s rained for something like 400 days , it ’s all too clear that AIG did n’t have enough umbrellas to go around .
Let ’s drop the metaphor .
Banks all around the world never fully - accounted for the losses they would have to take if their loans stopped paying off at expected rates because they had bought insurance against these losses from AIG .
If the banks had to account for those likely losses , they would have to start socking money away .
This is what regulators are trying to prevent by bailing out AIG .
Why should we help banks avoid meeting the reserve requirements ?
The answer the regulators would probably give — if they had n’t decided to just stop telling us what they were doing — is that this would cause the economy to freeze up .
Sellers .
Some banks would try to meet their reserve requirements by selling off - balance sheet assets .
Those assets , however , are already trading at a steeply discounted rate .
Banks would have to take steep losses , and the flood of assets into the market place would make those losses even more extreme .
Some banks would not survive the hit .
Savers .
Other banks would attempt to meet reserve requirements by dramatically scaling back their lending activity .
As depositors are increasing their savings , it is fairly easy for a healthy - ish bank to raise the reserve levels by simply lending out a smaller out .
More money coming in , less going out .
Regulators fear this would starve the markets of credit .
So , yes , it ’s still the same story .
We ’re trying to save the economy and prop up banks so that they will continue to lend and not fail outright .
We ’re doing that by making sure banks do n’t have to take the losses they bought insurance against from AIG .
Instead , taxpayers will take that loss .
This post was written March 9 , 2009 .
I will freely admit , I ’ve been avoiding writing this article .
In fact , as I type this , I ’m still not sure that it ’s something that I want to do .
However , again , I come back to that damn promise I made when I started this whole thing about being open and honest .
Curse me and my big mouth !
I also stated just over a week ago that I would write up on my numbers , so now I stand ( sit typing ) before you to reveal “ The Numbers Post ( aka Brutal Honesty ) ” .
Dapple
If you ’ve been reading the blog then you know that I released my first iPhone game , Dapple , to the App Store on Feb 13 , 2009 .
The game sells for $ 4.99 in Canada and the U.S. and at corresponding prices throughout the world .
Dapple is a colour - matching puzzle game based around the idea of mixing paint colours to make new colours .
I feel like the gameplay is innovative and new , but rests on top of a solidly proven genre .
Critical reviews seem to support this hypothesis , many calling out the fact that they were expecting “ just another match - 3 game ” , but instead found themselves completely hooked on a game with an innovative gameplay mechanic that works .
Costs
I did a presentation for the 360|iDev conference on creating an iPhone game .
If you ’ve read it , then you ’ve seen my “ conclusions ” section that had some numbers .
Dapple took me about 6 months to make and had a budget of roughly $ 32,000 USD .
That budget includes : paying my contractors , business expenses incurred during the 6 months of development , and paying myself a very small salary ( akin to what I made as a junior front - end programmer when I first started in the industry ) .
Royalties
Apple ’s deal is this : for every sale , Apple keeps 30 % and you get 70 % .
So for a sale of $ 4.99 , I make $ 3.50 .
That ’s made in the currency where the app was sold , so I make more money when someone from the U.S. buys my game than someone from Canada .
If you ’re in Canada , it ’s actually cheaper for you to buy the game than for an American , since it only costs your $ 4.99 Canadian .
If you do the math , you can see that I need to sell about 9,150 units in the U.S. before I break even on Dapple .
Reviews
Again , if you ’ve been reading the blog then you ’ve seen the excellent reviews the game has been getting .
People who play the game tend to really enjoy it .
Every review I ’ve had so far has been extremely positive .
I even managed to get a review from Kotaku , which is a very large gaming blog .
It was the Kotaku review that led many people to start asking me about sales numbers , assuming that I must have seen a massive increase in sales .
However , I have n’t had reviews yet from any of the “ Big 3 ” iPhone review sites ( Touch Arcade , 148 Apps , and AppVee ) .
Those are the ones that I think might really affect sales .
Sales Data
This is what you ’re here for : the numbers .
Here ’s a graph ( done in AppViz ) of revenue ( the y - axis is dollars , not number of sales ) I ’ve made world - wide from sales of Dapple since it went live ( all funds in Canadian Dollars ) :
I ’ve marked four important data points :
First Sale –
This was the first sale of the game , made maybe an hour after the game went live .
I suspect this was purchased by an app cracker .
Dapple was cracked and uploaded to pirate sites less than 5 hours after it went live .
This was the only sale prior to that .
So thanks , Mr./ Mrs. Cracker , you were my first sale !
On the topic of pirating / cracking : I have no idea how many pirated copies of Dapple are being played right now .
I do n’t track metrics like that , although I should perhaps start .
Launch Day –
This was the first day Dapple was on sale .
Many of these purchases would have been friends of mine buying the game .
Many other sales will have come from my app being in the “ New ” apps list , as other devs tell me that appearing in any list on the App Store helps sales significantly .
By the end of the third day my app was n’t on the front page of newly released puzzle or family games anymore .
Kotaku Review –
This was the day that the Kotaku review went live .
The review had about 5,500 views on Kotaku.com ( not including RSS readers ) .
I had about 55 people click through to my website .
I had about 12 sales that I can attribute to the Kotaku review .
So a high profile review like one on Kotaku resulted in a ~ 0.3 % conversion rate .
Still , that ’s 12 sales I probably would n’t have had , otherwise , so hooray !
360iDev Presentation – This was completely unexpected .
I had a lot of people come up to me after my presentation and tell me that they had bought a copy of Dapple !
I was thrilled that people were so supportive .
The iPhone developer community really is an amazing and wonderful group of people .
I really appreciate the fact that so many people bought my game .
Thank you !
Overall Sales Data
Dapple has sold 131 copies worldwide in the 24 days since it launched .
I realise that I ’m dealing with a very limited amount of data here , so I ’m not going to pretend like I can make any kind of long term projections about how sales will be in a month , six months , or a year .
However , what you can see is how far from my goal of 9,150 I remain .
So …
What ’s Next ?
I have some ideas up my sleeve that I ’m not ready to talk about yet .
Those things will have to wait for another day .
One thing I will mention is this : I submitted Dapple Lite to the App Store for review this morning .
With a little luck it should be live by the end of the week .
I think that at my $ 4.99 price - point a lot of people are hesitant to buy the game , even after reading a great review .
I ’m hoping that the Lite version will show people how great the game is and I hope that they will then buy Dapple .
Once Dapple Lite has been available for a few weeks I ’ll revisit the numbers and see if I can draw any conclusions about that .
In Conclusion
I hope that this article might serve as a counter - point to the articles that seem to go around the web about devs making hundreds of thousands of dollars off an iPhone app .
Everyone within the dev community understands that the odds of that happening are very slim , yet those are the stories that people like to hear .
As I said , I was hesitant to post anything about Dapple in a less than stellar light , but at the end of the day , if I were a publicly traded company , I ’d have to make this kind of information available anyway .
I hope that it might serve to help set realistic expectations for other developers .
I remain convinced that there is money to be made on the App Store , but I suspect we ’ll see fewer and fewer stories about people getting suddenly very rich .
My hope is that we ’ll start seeing more developers putting out quality titles in the hopes of gradually growing a sustainable business .
Owen
[ Update : 2009 -03 - 11 ] – I ’ve posted a follow - up to this article here : http://www.streamingcolour.com/blog/2009/03/11/the-slashdot-effect/
[ Update : 2009 - 03 - 13 ] – Dapple is now On Sale – 40 % Off !
http://www.streamingcolour.com/blog/2009/03/12/dapple-sale-has-started-40-off/
[ Update : 2009 - 04 - 27 ] – A complete follow - up article ( a month later ) called The Numbers Post : Part 2 can be found here : http://www.streamingcolour.com/blog/2009/04/27/the-numbers-post-part-2/
The Voice of the Silence
by H. P. Blavatsky
BEING CHOSEN FRAGMENTS FROM THE " BOOK OF THE GOLDEN PRECEPTS . "
FOR THE DAILY USE OF LANOOS ( DISCIPLES ) .
Translated from the Book of the Golden Precepts , which shares a common origin with The Secret Doctrine , the rules and ethics presented here contrast the two paths of spiritual attainment : the one pursued by those seeking knowledge for their own enlightenment ; the other chosen by those whose aspirations are prompted by compassion for all .
This edition is verbatim with the original 1889 edition .
Spelling and typographical errors have been corrected , and transliterations of foreign terms standardized .
Theosophical University Press electronic version ISBN 978-1-55700-033-0 ( print and PDF eBook and audio mp3 versions also available ) .
Preface
Fragment I. THE VOICE OF THE SILENCE
Fragment II .
THE TWO PATHS
Fragment III .
THE SEVEN PORTALS
Click on numbers in parentheses to hyperlink to appropriate Glossary entry — click on Glossary entry number to return to previous text location .
Preface
The following pages are derived from " The Book of the Golden Precepts , " one of the works put into the hands of mystic students in the East .
The knowledge of them is obligatory in that school , the teachings of which are accepted by many Theosophists .
Therefore , as I know many of these Precepts by heart , the work of translating has been relatively an easy task for me .
It is well known that , in India , the methods of psychic development differ with the Gurus ( teachers or masters ) , not only because of their belonging to different schools of philosophy , of which there are six , but because every Guru has his own system , which he generally keeps very secret .
But beyond the Himalayas the method in the Esoteric Schools does not differ , unless the Guru is simply a Lama , but little more learned than those he teaches .
The work from which I here translate forms part of the same series as that from which the " Stanzas " of the Book of Dzyan were taken , on which the Secret Doctrine is based .
Together with the great mystic work called Paramârtha , which , the legend of Nâgârjuna tells us , was delivered to the great Arhat by the Nâgas or " Serpents " ( in truth a name given to the ancient Initiates ) , the " Book of the Golden Precepts " claims the same origin .
Yet its maxims and ideas , however noble and original , are often found under different forms in Sanskrit works , such as the Jñâneśvari , that superb mystic treatise in which Krishna describes to Arjuna in glowing colours the condition of a fully illumined Yogi ; and again in certain Upanishads .
This is but natural , since most , if not all , of the greatest Arhats , the first followers of Gautama Buddha were Hindus and Âryans , not Mongolians , especially those who emigrated into Tibet .
The works left by Âryâsanga alone are very numerous .
The original Precepts are engraved on thin oblong squares ; copies very often on discs .
These discs , or plates , are generally preserved on the altars of the temples attached to centres where the so - called " contemplative " or Mahâyâna ( Yogâchâra ) schools are established .
They are written variously , sometimes in Tibetan but mostly in ideographs .
The sacerdotal language ( Senzar ) , besides an alphabet of its own , may be rendered in several modes of writing in cypher characters , which partake more of the nature of ideographs than of syllables .
Another method ( lug , in Tibetan ) is to use the numerals and colours , each of which corresponds to a letter of the Tibetan alphabet ( thirty simple and seventy - four compound letters ) thus forming a complete cryptographic alphabet .
When the ideographs are used there is a definite mode of reading the text ; as in this case the symbols and signs used in astrology , namely the twelve zodiacal animals and the seven primary colours , each a triplet in shade , i.e. the light , the primary , and the dark — stand for the thirty - three letters of the simple alphabet , for words and sentences .
For in this method , the twelve " animals " five times repeated and coupled with the five elements and the seven colours , furnish a whole alphabet composed of sixty sacred letters and twelve signs .
A sign placed at the beginning of the text determines whether the reader has to spell it according to the Indian mode , when every word is simply a Sanskrit adaptation , or according to the Chinese principle of reading the ideographs .
The easiest way however , is that which allows the reader to use no special , or any language he likes , as the signs and symbols were , like the Arabian numerals or figures , common and international property among initiated mystics and their followers .
The same peculiarity is characteristic of one of the Chinese modes of writing , which can be read with equal facility by any one acquainted with the character : for instance , a Japanese can read it in his own language as readily as a Chinaman in his .
The Book of the Golden Precepts — some of which are pre-Buddhistic while others belong to a later date — contains about ninety distinct little treatises .
Of these I learnt thirty - nine by heart , years ago .
To translate the rest , I should have to resort to notes scattered among a too large number of papers and memoranda collected for the last twenty years and never put in order , to make of it by any means an easy task .
Nor could they be all translated and given to a world too selfish and too much attached to objects of sense to be in any way prepared to receive such exalted ethics in the right spirit .
For , unless a man perseveres seriously in the pursuit of self - knowledge , he will never lend a willing ear to advice of this nature .
And yet such ethics fill volumes upon volumes in Eastern literature , especially in the Upanishads .
" Kill out all desire of life , " says Krishna to Arjuna .
That desire lingers only in the body , the vehicle of the embodied Self , not in the SELF which is " eternal , indestructible , which kills not nor is it killed " ( Katha Upanishad ) .
" Kill out sensation , " teaches Sutta Nipâta ; " look alike on pleasure and pain , gain and loss , victory and defeat . "
Again , " Seek shelter in the eternal alone " ( ibid ) .
" Destroy the sense of separateness , " repeats Krishna under every form .
" The Mind ( Manas ) which follows the rambling senses , makes the Soul ( Buddhi ) as helpless as the boat which the wind leads astray upon the waters " ( Bhagavadgîtâ II . 70 ) .
Therefore it has been thought better to make a judicious selection only from those treatises which will best suit the few real mystics in the Theosophical Society , and which are sure to answer their needs .
It is only these who will appreciate these words of Krishna - Christos , the " Higher Self " : —
" Sages do not grieve for the living nor the dead .
Never did I not exist , nor you , nor these rulers of men ; nor will any one of us ever hereafter cease to be . " ( Bhagavadgîtâ II. 27 ) .
In this translation , I have done my best to preserve the poetical beauty of language and imagery which characterise the original .
How far this effort has been successful , is for the reader to judge .
— " H.P.B. "
Table of Contents
Theosophical Society Homepage
TUP Online Menu
Theosophical University Press , publishing and distributing theosophical literature since 1886 : PO Box C , Pasadena , CA 91109-7107 USA ; email : tupress@theosociety.org ; voice : ( 626 ) 798-3378 .
Free printed catalog available on request ; also online at TUP Catalog .
N. Orleans cops shoot man 12 times in the back Andrew McLemore
Published : Friday January 9 , 2009
Print This Email
This A young , black man in New Orleans is dead , slain by police officers on New Year 's Day , in an incident that has outraged a community and triggered protests over what family members are calling a " murder . "
The New Orleans man , 22 - year - old Adolph Grimes III , traveled to his grandmother 's home near the French Quarter in order to celebrate New Year 's Eve with his fiance and their 17 - month - old son .
Three hours after arrival , around 3 a.m. , he was found dead a block from the front door .
The Orleans Parish coroner said Grimes was shot 14 times , including 12 times in the back .
" This violence has to stop .
My child 's death will not be meaningless .
He did not die in vain , " said Grimes ' mother , Patricia Grimes .
An editorial in The Times - Picayune said the shooting " demands answers . "
Despite the fact that the seven officers involved in the incident have been reassigned , Superintendent Warren Riley has refused to answer " fundamental questions " about the shooting and maintains that Grimes fired upon his men first .
Several dozen people protested the New Orleans Police Department on Thursday morning to demand justice for Grimes ' death .
A mix of people walked paced in front of a police station carrying signs with slogans like " Down with the government " and shouting to passers - by " You could be next ! "
A group of black ministers and advocates has called for the department to be purged of " trigger - happy " officers and the Grimes family 's attorney , Richard Jenkins is certain an investigation will show rogue cops and sloppy police work .
" I just think it was some bad officers who were out there and imposing their will on the community , " Jenkins said .
The shooting of Grimes by the NOPD marks the third high media incident of an officer or officers shooting a seemingly innocent black male thus far in 2009 .
In Oakland , Calif , a BART officer shot a 22 - year - old black male in the back on New Year 's Eve .
The slaying was caught on multiple videos , all of which showed the man unarmed , subdued and helpless .
The city is still struggling to contain the public 's reaction to what appears to be an execution .
Also , in Houston , a 23 - year - old black male was shot in his own home 's driveway by a white police officer during the early hours of New Year 's Eve .
According to published reports , the officer thought the man 's vehicle was stolen .
An internal investigation is underway .
While the department has denied allegations of racial profiling related to the shooting , no effort to explain why the officer suspected the vehicle to be stolen has been offered .
A message from Andrew Curtis , CEO , Fark.com
Greetings , Farkers !
Fark.com has always prided itself on being the first , oldest and most reliable news and entertainment aggregation platform on the web today .
Given the crowdsourcing of our news gathering initiatives , there is n’t a story worth reporting that escapes our reach .
Today , I am very pleased to announce the realization of several months worth of strategization and applied initiative by our development and design personnel - The New Fark Experience .
With the advent of Social Networking and the growing market for 360 degree user - to - service interaction , we ’ve realized that there is far more to be had from the Fark Experience .
Using the power of the cloud , we are able to deliver a Semantic Web approach to the long - tail aggregate of the Fark Experience .
We ’ve realized that the way users interact with Fark is just as valuable as the stories we report .
So now , every interaction , comment , idea and even thought our user has about the information delivered in the New Fark Experience is now an integral part of the content we deliver .
With the new Fark Feed ( FrEED ) , we are much more than just funny headlines ; we are now an organic database of user reaction .
On the Fark Mosaic ( FarM ) , we display the content most relevant to user interests as gauged by their activity .
Photoshop contests are now voted on through the Fark Rendering Analysis Kernel ( FRAK ) and displayed on Fark ’s new Contest - Originated Webshows .
Now , stories and concepts do n’t just appear on Fark - with the New Fark Experience , they ’re FrEED on the FarM to FRAK the COWs .
We released a private beta version of the New Fark Experience a few weeks ago , and as you ’ll see , the feedback has been tremendous .
We ’ve decided to give the public an “ early peek ” at the new experience via the designer ’s login ( Do n’t worry , post as much as you want - this test data will be wiped before we go live ! ) .
As you utilize it , we ’d like your feedback .
We ’re always looking for new ways to improve the service , and your input is important to us .
In fact , with the New Fark Experience , it ’s what now powers the site , which explains our new slogan :
Now , You Are Totally FARKED !
Sincerely ,
Andrew Curtis
CEO , Fark .
Com , Inc .
Continue to the New Fark Experience »
# 1. Generators ( Good ones cost dearly .
Gas storage , risky .
Noisy .. target of thieves ; maintenance , etc. ) # 2 . Water Filters / Purifiers ( Shipping delays increasing . ) # 3 . Portable Toilets ( Increasing in price every twomonths . ) # 4 . Seasoned Firewood ( About $ 100 per cord ; wood takes 6 - 12 mos. to become dried , for home uses . ) # 5 . Lamp Oil , Wicks , Lamps ( First choice : Buy CLEAR oil .
If scarce , stockpile ANY ! ) # 6 . Coleman Fuel ( URGENT $ 2.69 -$ 3.99 / gal. Impossible to stockpile too much . ) # 7 . Guns , Ammunition , Pepper Spray , Knives , Clubs , Bats & Slingshots # 8 .
Hand - Can openers & hand egg beaters , whisks ( Life savers ! ) # 9 .
Honey / Syrups / white , brown sugars # 10 .
Rice - Beans -
Wheat ( White rice is now $ 12.95 - 50 # bag .
Sam's Club , stock depleted often . ) # 11 .
Vegetable oil ( for cooking ) ( Without it food burns / must be boiled , etc. ) # 12 .
Charcoal & Lighter fluid ( Will become scarce suddenly . ) # 13 .
Water containers ( Urgent Item to obtain .
An size .
Small : HARD CLEAR PLASTIC ONLY ) # 14 .
Mini Heater head ( Propane ) ( Without this item , propane wo n't heat a room . ) # 15 . Grain Grinder ( Non-electric ) # 16 .
Propane Cylinders ( Urgent : Definite shortages will occur by September , 1999 . ) # 17 .
Michael Hyatt 's Y2K Survival Guide ( BEST single y2 k handbook for sound advice / tips . ) # 18 .
Mantles : Aladdin , Coleman , etc .
( Without this item , longer - term lighting is difficult . ) # 19 . Baby Supplies : Diapers / formula / ointments / aspirin , etc # 20 .
Washboards , Mop Bucket w / wringer ( for Laundry ) # 21 .
Cookstoves ( Propane , Coleman & Kerosene ) # 22 .
Vitamins ( Critical , due 10 Y2 K - forced daily canned food diets . ) # 23 .
Propane Cylinder Handle - Holder ( Urgent : Small canister use is dangerous without this item . ) # 24 . Feminine Hygiene / Haircare / Skin products # 25 .
Thermal underwear ( Tops and bottoms ) # 26 .
Bow saws , axes and hatchets & Wedges ( also , honing oil ) # 27 .
Aluminum foil Reg. & Hvy. Duty ( Great Cooking & Barter item ) # 28 .
Gasoline containers ( Plastic or Metal ) # 29 .
Garbage bags ( Impossible to have too many . ) # 30 .
Toilet Paper , Kleenex , paper towels # 31 .
Milk - Powdered & Condensed ( Shake liquid every 3 to 4 months . ) # 32 . Garden seeds ( Non-hybrid ) ( A MUST ) # 33 .
Clothes pins / line / hangers ( A MUST ) # 34 .
Coleman's Pump Repair Kit : 1( 800 ) 835-3278 # 35 .
Tuna Fish ( in oil ) # 36 .
Fire extinguishers ( or.. large box of Baking soda in every room ... ) # 37 . First aid kits # 38 .
Batteries ( all sizes ... buy furthest - out for Expiration Dates ) # 39 .
Garlic , spices & vinegar , baking supplies # 40 .
BIG DOGS ( and plenty of dog food ) # 41 .
Flour , yeast & salt # 42 .
Matches ( 3 box / $ 1 .44 at WalMart : " Strike Anywhere " preferred .
Boxed , wooden matches will go first . ) # 43 .
Writing paper / pads / pencils / solar calculators # 44 .
Insulated ice chests ( good for keeping items from freezing in Wintertime ) # 45 .
Workboots , belts , Levis & durable shirts # 46 .
Flashlights / LIGIITSTICKS
& torches , " No. 76 Dietz " Lanterns # 47 .
Journals , Diaries & Scrapbooks
( Jot down ideas , feelings , experiences : Historic times ! ) # 48 .
Garbage cans Plastic ( great for storage , water transporting - if with wheels ) # 49 .
Men 's Hygiene : Shampoo , Toothbrush / paste , Mouthwash / floss , nail clippers , etc # 50 .
Cast iron cookware ( sturdy , efficient ) # 51 .
Fishing supplies / tools # 52 .
Mosquito coils / repellent sprays / creams # 53 .
Duct tape # 54 .
Tarps / stakes /twine/nails/rope/spikes
# 55 . Candles # 56 .
Laundry detergent ( Liquid ) # 57 .
Backpacks & Duffle bags # 58 .
Garden tools & supplies # 59 .
Scissors , fabrics & sewing supplies # 60 .
Canned Fruits , Veggies , Soups , stews , etc. # 61 .
Bleach ( plain , NOT scented : 4 to 6 % sodium hypochlorite ) # 62 .
Canning supplies ( Jars / lids / wax ) # 63 .
Knives & Sharpening tools : files , stones , steel # 64 .
Bicycles ...
Tires / tubes / pumps/ chains , etc. # 65 .
Sleeping bags & blankets / pillows / mats # 66 .
Carbon Monoxide Alarm ( battery powered ) # 67 .
Board Games Cards , Dice # 68 .
d- Con Rat poison , MOUSE PRUFE II , Roach Killer # 69 .
Mousetraps ,
Ant traps & cockroach magnets # 70 .
Paper plates / cups / utensils ( stock up , folks ... ) # 71 . Baby Wipes , diapers , tampons , oils , waterless & Anti-bacterial soap ( saves a lot of water ) # 72 .
Rain gear , rubberized boots , etc. # 73 .
Shaving supplies ( razors & creams , talc , after shave ) # 74 .
Hand pumps & siphons ( for water and for fuels ) # 75 .
Soysauce , vinegar , boullions / gravy / soup base # 76 .
Reading glasses # 77 .
Chocolate / Cocoa / Tang / Punch ( water enhancers ) # 78 .
" Survival - in - a - Can " # 79 .
Woolen clothing , scarves / ear - muffs / mittens # 80 .
BSA - New 1998 - Boy Scout Handbook ( also , Leader 's Catalog ) # 81 .
Roll - on Window Insulation Kit ( MANCO ) # 82 .
Graham crackers , saltines , pretzels , Trail mix / Jerky # 83 .
Popcorn , Peanut Butter , Nuts # 84 .
Socks , Underwear , T - shirts , etc. ( extras ) # 85 .
Lumber ( all types ) # 86 .
Wagons & carts ( for transport to & from open Flea markets ) # 87 .
Cots & Inflatable mattresses ( for extra guests ) # 88 .
Gloves : Work / warming / gardening , etc. # 89 .
Lantern Hangers # 90 .
Screen Patches , glue , nails , screws , nuts & bolts # 91 .
Teas # 92 .
Coffee # 93 .
Cigarettes # 94 .
Wine / Liquors ( for bribes , medicinal , etc. ) # 95 .
Paraffin wax # 96 .
Glue , nails , nuts , bolts , screws , etc. # 97 .
Chewing gum / candies # 98 .
Atomizers ( for cooling / bathing ) # 99 .
Hats & cotton neckerchiefs # 100 .
Goats / chickens
Obama preserves rendition two days after taking office Jeremy Gantz
Published : Sunday February 1 , 2009
Print This Email This Update at bottom : Did LA
Times get ' punked ' ?
Liberals push back against LA Times story
Two days after taking the helm of a country ready for change after eight years of George W. Bush , President Obama has allowed one controversial " War on Terror " tactic to remain in place : rendition .
Despite frequent condemnation of the practice around the world , rendition -- the secret capture , transportation and detention of suspected terrorists to foreign prisons in countries that cooperate with the U.S. -- remains in the CIA 's playbook , thanks to a Jan. 22 executive order issued by President Obama .
Other executive orders shuttered the CIA 's secret prisons and banned the harsh interrogation techniques that have been termed torture .
And in his most widely noticed break with his predecessor , Obama signed an order to close Guantanamo Bay 's prison within one year .
But rendition will remain .
Obama and his administration appear to believe that the rendition program was one piece of the Bush administration 's war on terrorism that it could not afford to discard , the Los Angeles Times reported .
An administration official told the newspaper anonymously : " Obviously you need to preserve some tools -- you still have to go after the bad guys .
The legal advisors working on this looked at rendition .
It is controversial in some circles and kicked up a big storm in Europe .
But if done within certain parameters , it is an acceptable practice . "
The momentous decision by Obama and his young administration appeared in a small provision of one executive order , which states that instructions to close the CIA 's secret prison sites " do not refer to facilities used only to hold people on a short - term , transitory basis . "
Under that language , the Soviet - era black site used by the CIA between 2002 and 2004 and revealed by Raw Story in 2007 would remain open .
Intelligence officials signaled the facility would no longer be used after it received broad public attention in the Polish press .
In late 2007 , the U.S. House voted to effectively end CIA renditions .
But that prohibition , part of a $ 50 billion Iraq funding bill , was never passed in the Senate .
Also in 2007 , Congress apologized for the wrongful detainment of Canadian citizen Maher Arar , who was " rendered " to Syria , where he was tortured into making a false confession .
Obama 's decision to continue rendition on an apparently limited basis revives questions about the tactic 's effectiveness -- not to mention legality .
" The reason we did interrogations [ ourselves ] is because renditions for the most part were n't very productive , " a former senior CIA official told the Los Angeles Times anonymously .
But surprisingly , Human Rights Watch -- the worldwide watchdog group that vehemently opposed Bush - era secret detentions facilities and torture tactics -- supports Obama 's decision to continue the practice of rendition .
" Under limited circumstances , there is a legitimate place " for renditions , Tom Malinowski , the Washington advocacy director for Human Rights Watch , told the Los Angeles Times .
" What I heard loud and clear from the president 's order was that they want to design a system that does n't result in people being sent to foreign dungeons to be tortured ... "
But the former CIA official was n't quite so optimistic .
" In some ways , [ rendition ] is the worst option , " the former official said .
" If [ the prisoners ] are in U.S. hands , you have a lot of checks and balances , medics and lawyers .
Once you turn them over to another service , you lose control . "
Liberals push back against LA Times story
Many liberal online journalists and bloggers are pushing back against the LA Times story , saying that the paper " got rolled " and / or " punked . "
At his blog at The Atlantic , Andrew Sullivan writes about the " rendition canard . "
" For some reason , many people on the right and a few within the CIA feel the need to minimize the difference between Obama and Bush on the terror war , " Sullivan writes .
" And so we are greeted with whoops and hollers because the Obama administration will return to the rendition policies of the GWH Bush and Clinton administrations . "
However , Sullivan , Washington Monthly 's Hilzoy , Harper 's Scott Horton , and Cernig at Newshoggers all beg to differ with the LA Times take on Obama 's ' endorsement ' of rendition .
" It is not the practice of ' extraordinary rendition ' that the Bush - Cheney administration pioneered to supplement its own torture program , " Sullivan writes .
" It is the practice of capturing terror suspects and rendering them to non-torturing foreign governments for detention , interrogation or prosecution . "
Sullivan charges , " The LA Times got rolled by the usual suspects , who seem not to understand how the program changed under Bush - Cheney . "
At Washington Monthly , Hilzoy argues that " in addition to announcing that the administration will obey the Convention Against Torture , the administration will also study not whether to send detainees off to be tortured , but how to ensure that our policies are not intended to result in their torture , and will not result in their torture .
This seems to me like a very clear renunciation of the policy of sending people to third countries to be tortured . "
" The Los Angeles Times just got punked , " Scott Horton writes .
Horton adds , " In the course of the last week weve seen a steady stream of efforts designed to show that Obama is continuing the counterterrorism programs that he previously labeled as abusive and promised to shut down .
These stories are regularly sourced to unnamed current or former CIA officials and have largely run in right - wing media outlets .
However , now we see that even the Los Angeles Times can be taken for a ride . "
Related articles : Soviet - era compound in northern Poland was site of secret CIA interrogation , detentions .
Twitter is a rapidly growing micro-blogging service in these days .
It ’s a great fun to share information or talk with your friends and the powerful way to spread the word as much as possible .
In this post , we are listing down 31 Power Tools For Twitter Lovers To Make Lives Easier that are free and absolutely useful .
Whether you are designer , developer , office worker , manager , supervisor , student , home user , etc .
But we make sure to add something interesting for everyone .
Most of them are not very well - known , but they are really amazing in respect to their features .
Just take a look at them and share your thought here .
If you like this post so please spread the word as much possible via twitter .
You are welcome if you want to share more twitter tools that we have missed here and you think our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
I will appreciate if you can spread the word via Digg , Stumbleupon and other social media websites , Thank you . Â
twtpoll
Twtpoll is a simple survey / poll twitter app .
Enter your question there !
Then share your poll on Twitter , Facebook or via email .
Mr. Tweet
Mr. Tweet helps you easily build meaningful relationships by looking through your network and tweets .
TwitterFriends
Twitter Friends helps to find out the hidden network of Twitter contacts that are really relevant for you .
You can also visualize the network of your relevant contacts and their contacts .
Twitter Grader
Twitter Grader measures the power of a profile .
In simple words , you can measure the power and authority of your twitter profile using this service .
Tweetree
Tweetree puts your Twitter stream in a tree so you can see the posts people are replying to in context .
It also pulls in lots of external content like twitpic photos , youtube videos and more , so that you can see them right in your stream without having to click through every link your friends post .
Twitterless
Twitterless tells you who stops following you and graphs your follower history over time , making this info available in a variety of useful views .
Phweet
A Phweet is a shortURL that makes conversations and conference calls possible between Twitter friends and across other social networks .
Let your friends know you are talking .
Invite them to join in .
No numbers , no new profiles .
Simple , just start Phweet talking .
Happytweets
Happytweets is a measuring stick for how positive , or happy , a particular Tweep is .
Â
Enter the Twitter username for you or one of your buddies , click the “ get happy ” button , and you ’ll find out how happy your Tweets are .
Retweet Radar
You can get hourly , daily trends on hot terms , people and urls ‘ retweet ’ed on Twitter via retweetradar .
TweetCube
TweetCube allows you to share files on Twitter .
Simple as that .
Blast out your images , videos , music and more with just a couple of clicks , and your files are automatically posted on Twitter .
The maximum file size you can upload is 10 mb .
EasyTweets
EasyTweets is an online marketing tool to promote and grow your business by leveraging the power of microblogging .
You can use it to post to and switch between multiple Twitter accounts in seconds , check replies , and track new followers .
TweetStats
TweetStats can graph your Twitter Stats including Tweets per hour , Tweets per month , Tweet timeline , Reply statistics .
Twittermail
You can send an e-mail to your secret TwitterMail address .
The body of the message will be published in your Twitter Profile .
If a friend send you a post on twitter ( by using @yourusername ) it will send it to your email address .
HelloTxt
HelloTxt lets you update your status and read your friends ’ status across all main microblogging and social networks all at once .
tweetwrappr
One of the unique service that helps you to gift wrapped your tweets and send to your family , friends etc .
This is really good to wish on any events or occasion to anyone in more fun way .
Twitturly
Twitturly is a service for tracking what URLs people are talking about as they talk about them on Twitter .
On Twitturly , people “ vote ” for a URL .
The more votes it gets the better it ranks .
If it does well enough , it gets promoted to the home page and as the votes increase it gets displayed higher up the home page .
Tweet your secret
SecretTweet was created to allow Twitter users to share secrets anonymously .
Twuffer
Twuffer allows the Twitter user to compose a list of future tweets , and schedule their release .
Â
You can tweet hourly / daily / monthly announcements .
TwitterCounter
TwitterCounter is a service for Bloggers , Social networkers and other well connected individuals to communicate and track the number of followers they have on Twitter .
Twits Near Me
Twits Near
Me is very simple but interesting service that shows you what people near you are saying on twitter .
Twitbin
Twitbin is a firefox extension that allows you to keep up with all of your Twitter conversations right from your browser sidebar .
Send messages , receive messages , share links , and more from Twitbin , the best twitter addon for firefox out there .
Commuter Feed
Commuter
Feed is a free service that lets you post reports on traffic and transit delays in your local area using Twitter .
Twittervision
A real - time geographic visualization of posts to Twitter .
You must have a location and an image defined to appear on the public feed .
Twessenger
Twessenger is a Twitter add - in for Windows Live Messenger .
When enabled , Twessenger automatically updates your Messenger Personal Message at regular intervals to reflect your latest Twitter tweet .
twitsay
Twitsay is just a simple service which lets you send 10 seconds of voicemessages to your Twitter account .
Your data will be encrypted and stored in our database and is used to send your voicemessage to Twitter only .
TweetLater
You can schedule tweets and keep your Twitter stream ticking over with new tweets even when you ’re not in front of your computer .
Publish tweets when your international followers are online and you ’re asleep .
You can send automated thank you notes to new followers , and automatically follow new followers , if you choose to do so .
twitterfeed
Twitterfeed is a free service that will automatically tweet any post directly via your rss feed on twitter that you publish on your blog .
Twidentify
This will help you see what discussions are current , and how interest in specific topics changes over time .
Â
You can search all of Twitter , but sort the results by the people who get retweeted the most .
Twitlonger
Twitlonger is a way to let you post to Twitter when 140 characters just is n’t enough .
With Twitlonger , you can write what you need and a link to what you said will automatically be posted to your Twitter account .
My TweepleÂ
My Tweeple is a great way to manage all of my Twitter people in one place .
You can easily see who are you following and who ’s following you .
With a simple click ,
You can follow , unfollow , or block people , and these changes instantly update Twitter .
Tweetburner
Tweetburner is the webservice that lets you shorten URLs , post them to Twitter and follow statistics about them .
Simply , Tweetburner lets you track what happens with the links you share on Twitter .
Sustainable home makes an impact in S.F. SAN FRANCISCO
Helmut Schmidt in the kitchen with energy efficient appliances at 2139 39th Ave. which he remodeled into one of the most sustainable homes in San Francisco , Calif. , on Monday , March 23 , 2009 .
Helmut Schmidt in the kitchen with energy efficient appliances at 2139 39th Ave. which he remodeled into one of the most sustainable homes in San Francisco , Calif. , on Monday , March 23 , 2009 .
Photo : Liz Hafalia , The Chronicle Photo : Liz Hafalia , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 23 Caption Close Sustainable home makes an impact in S.F. 1 / 23 Back to Gallery
Helmut Schmidt is an impressionable guy who wants to make an impression .
When he saw " An Inconvenient Truth " - Al Gore 's documentary about climate change - Schmidt was inspired to take action .
The native San Franciscan and manager of the family - owned firm S & L Realty bought a modest Sunset District house .
He gutted it and , using the latest technology in sustainable building , created one of the greenest , most energy - efficient houses in San Francisco .
The day it went on the market late last month , Schmidt put up a Web site to help others learn how to incorporate more sustainable features into their homes when they build or remodel .
The site also serves as a forum to share the latest techniques in sustainable construction .
" How we live is important , " said Schmidt , 39 , who is married and has two young daughters .
" And I think we can make changes that really matter without it being a big hassle . "
Because the state of the planet is a result of the aggregate effects of innumerable small and seemingly insignificant acts , Schmidt said , you do n't have to don a cape , assume a secret identity and battle a deranged scientist to make an impact .
Little things make a big difference - like using wood certified by the Forest Stewardship Council in remodeling projects , installing dual - flush toilets to save water or using compact florescent light bulbs to save energy .
Just about every element of sustainable construction and design went into Schmidt 's house , which , viewed from across the street on 39th Avenue , does n't exactly look like one of the greenest houses in the city .
" We did n't want to change the front very much , " he said .
" We wanted it to fit in with the rest of the block . "
The small space usually reserved for a tiny rectangle of lawn next to the driveway has been landscaped with river stones and ornamental grasses that require little watering .
Just inside the entryway is a mechanical device that measures the ebb and flow of electricity generated by the 2.3 - kilowatt solar power system installed on the roof .
An inverter box in the garage changes the direct current into alternating current .
On days when the system is generating more energy than the house is using , the meter runs backward , recording the surplus that flows into PG&E 's lines , which is deducted from the utility bill at the end of the month .
The cost of the $ 20,000 system was defrayed by rebates : $ 4,000 from PG&E and $ 3,000 from the city .
The expense was reduced further by state tax incentives .
" Because solar systems are expensive , you do n't want to overbuild , " said Craig Dinsdale , an energy consultant with Keep It Green Energy in Fairfax .
To avoid that , Dinsdale looks at how much energy a home typically uses over a year .
Because Schmidt was completely rebuilding his home with energy - efficient lighting , appliances and other devices , estimating energy use was a little more complicated .
" He ( Schmidt ) is so passionate about all this , " Dinsdale said .
Flagstone steps lead from the front yard to the garage where Schmidt displays some of the insulation materials used to create an airtight seal around the house .
An average home , he said , produces 12 to 15 tons of carbon dioxide each year .
A well - insulated one reduces that number by 2 to 4 tons .
For the walls , Schmidt used cellulose , shredded phone books and recycled cotton from blue jeans .
None contains Formaldehyde , a toxic element commonly found in home insulation .
Fire - resistant foam was used to insulate the roof .
" Where things come from and where they go is the hardest part of sustainability , " he said .
Inside , the 1,737 square - foot , four - bedroom , 2 1/2 - bath home has been redesigned by Andre Rothblatt Architecture of San Francisco .
The kitchen , living room ( with fireplace ) and dining room create one living space , which looks out on the ocean .
Light pours in through a circular skylight above the kitchen .
Hemp carpet covers a cork floor in the living room and dining room .
In the bedrooms , the floors are made from salvaged hardwood .
The bathrooms were designed with reduced water use in mind - low - flow shower nozzles and dual - flush toilets .
Two buttons on top of the toilet , labeled one and two , select the appropriate flush .
The walls are painted in warm , earth tones with toxin - free paint .
Volatile organic compounds found in most paint produces air that is three times more polluted than outdoor air and one of the five top hazards to human health , according to the EPA .
Schmidt 's plan to build a green home did n't affect the design , Rothblatt said .
It did come into play in the selection of bamboo cabinetry , cork floor , recycled - glass counter top and other sustainable materials .
As for the four skylights that reduce the amount of energy needed to illuminate the home , Rothblatt had a simple answer : " I just like to have lots of light . "
Schmidt installed EnergyStar - rated appliances , including a front - loading Bosch washing machine that uses 75 percent less water than the average machine .
He chose an integrated hot water tank / forced - air heating system .
The water heated in the 97 percent - efficient Phoenix tank is used by a forced - air heater to heat the home .
Two filtered cold air returns and a hydronic air handler ensure clean air .
" We did it right , and that takes longer , " Schmidt said of the 16 - month project .
" But this is important .
I think building this way is absolutely vital to us .
I think the long view is the most important thing in real estate . "
The house , originally listed at $ 1.285 million and now being offered at $ 1.235 million , has attracted a lot of interest from prospective buyers , said James Rogers , an agent with Green Key Realty .
" Everybody seems to love it , " he said .
" This is an exemplary home .
There are probably only two or three homes like this one in the entire city . "
As more sustainable homes go on the market , he said , it will become necessary for agents to educate themselves so they can explain the sustainable features to prospective buyers .
Others associated with the real estate industry - architects , contractors and interior designers - are changing as well .
The bamboo in Schmidt 's house came from AlterECO .
The interior design was by Space Insiders .
Even the staging , by HomeStagers , used sustainable materials such as organic sheet sets , bamboo / cotton blend pillows , organic kitchen towels , and Enviro - Log Fire Logs .
Schmidt said that if he 's lucky , he probably has about 20 more houses like this one in him .
He hopes his Web site , www.sustainableschmidt.com, will create a wider impact by disseminating information vital to the well - being of the planet .
A tour of the house by students at neighboring St. Ignatius High School , many of whom seemed excited and interested in the importance of sustainable building , was a further sign of hope .
" I love my city very much , " Schmidt said .
" It 's pretty special .
And we can make it even more special . "
For more information about sustainable homes , go to www.sustainableschmidt.com.
Using NinjaTrader To Test Bulls *** Systems That The “ Gurus ” Claim Are The Holy Grail To Success
So , we have created our Triple Moving Average System in Ninjatrader .
Now , Let ’s test something .
To bring up the strategy , we are going to File -> New -> Strategy Analyzer .
I have already imported Currency Data from a Provider .
It may have cost me money , but is was better to spend $ 200 bucks on it , than LOSE THOUSANDS later .
By the way , if you do trade Forex , and are using Ninjatrader , you can get free data by connecting to GAIN ( Forex.com ) , or if your broker is either Interactive Brokers or MB Trading .
You can also get 100 % FREE end - of - day from the Yahoo Finance feed …
What I am going to do is test a system that I have found in a book that purchased a few weeks ago .
The author called this system the annivesary trade .
What is involved were these three moving exponential moving average : 4EMA , 16EMA , and the 60 EMA .
He said that he used this , as well as a few other systems to make “ bookoo dollars ” , so I put his claim to the test on thiss particular one .
A simple 3 exponential moving average , fast average greater than the medium average greater than the slow average .
In this case , I am testing the Great Britian Pound vs. the Japanese Yen , the author ’s “ bread and butter ” .
He uses 60 mins bars .
The reason my default quantity is set to 100000 is to simulate purchasing 1 lot of the GBP / JPY pair ( 1 standard lot means that you are selling 100000 GBP and buy 100000 Yen ) .
I have tested this strategy over a ten year period .
The more test that are done , and the longer the time periods used — i.e. the larger the sample size , the more realiable the data .
So , how did this strategy work over this time sample period .
Well …
Ummm …WOW …
Now , if someone wanted to become a Guru on their own , they could just create a system , optimize it for a time period , and then sell it on eBay or some other place saying that it made x thousands of $ , in which some unsuspecting person buys it , and loses their ass .
Dont , worry though , I will show you how to prevent that from happening 🙂
Part 1 : Interview with Sonny Melencio , chairperson of Partido Lakas ng Masa of the Philippines .
Conducted by Peter Boyle for Green Left Weekly and Links International Journal of Socialist Renewalin Manila on February 1 , 2009 .
( Parts 2 and 3 below ) .
[ Reihana Mohideen , a representative of Partido Lakas ng Masa , will be a featured guest at theconference , to be held in Sydney , Australia , on April 10 - 12 , 2009 , organised by the Democratic Socialist Perspective , Resistance and .
Visit http://www.worldATACrossroads.org for full agenda and to book your tickets . ]
By Peter Boyle
Manila , February 1 , 2009 – Green Left Weekly / Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal --
More than a thousand people , including 920 elected delegates , attended the inaugural congress of Partido Lakas ng Masa ( literally " Power of the Masses Party " ) on January 30 , 2009 .
They represented the mass organisations of workers , urban poor , peasants , students , street vendors , jeepney and tricycle drivers , women and senior citizens – a mass base estimated at 300,000 according to PLM leaders .
The congress adopted a target of 1 million members in Manila and 2 million in the country as a whole by 2010 ( when presidential elections are due ) .
The slogan " PLM : A new party for our time , a party of change , a party of socialism " set a confident tone for the congress .
Sonny Melencio , who was elected chairperson of the PLM , describes the new party as a " combination mass movement and electoral party " that was inspired by the recent Latin American experiences which have put into power progressive and socialist parties in countries like Venezuela and Bolivia .
Part 2
" We are trying to build a mass party that can lead an uprising as well as engage in elections .
" The socialist victories in Latin America were not simply victories in the ballot boxes .
Those electoral victories were preceded by popular uprisings that mobilised millions of people .
During the elections , these uprisings were transformed into giant mobilisations but the mobilisations are also continuing in an ongoing process of building new institutions of popular power . "
The PLM congress adopted a " Platform of the Masses " , a transitional program aimed at the " dismantling of the rotten capitalist system and its replacement by socialism " .
This program consists of key demands around economic and political reforms that the party will campaign for .
includes the nationalisation of basic industries and services , such as electricity , oil and water ; the provision of basic needs of the masses , such as land , decent housing , education , jobs and health ; and the establishment of a genuine government of the masses .
Part 3
Popular power
" But the political aspect of the program is crucial " , Melencio told Green Left Weekly in an extensive interview ( see video above of the full interview ) .
" We want to put power into the hands of the masses .
This has to happen from below through the transformation of barangay ( neighbourhood ) councils into barangay assemblies that can institute alternative structures to replace the congress that is dominated by the trapo ( traditional politician ) elite .
" The masses are tired of a system where successive people 's uprisings , such as EDSA I and EDSA II which changed nothing .
EDSA III was a failure and led by another trapo , " Erap " [ Joseph Estrada ] , who wanted to return to power .
" We do n't want another EDSA where ' people 's power ' is hijacked by the elite .
So we need an uprising that is heading by the masa themselves and crowned by the institution of a government of the masa . "
The forces that launched the PLM came out of an experience in a broad collation of the left called Laban ng Masa .
This alliance including most of the left except the sections associated by the Communist Party of the Philippines , a significant force that holds on to a sectarian approach to the rest of the left , according to Melencio .
This alliance operated on consensus and , unfortunately , there was no consensus on how to relate to important issues such as the Moro struggle for self - determination , the rebel soldiers movement and the commitment of serious resources to building the alliance at all levels , especially at the grassroots , according to Melencio .
" So we decided to form a party that could do this grassroots organising among the masses , to mobilise them in the streets and in elections too .
However , we are still pursuing left regroupment and the PLM has an inclusive approach . "
Melencio hopes that some other groups from Laban ng Masa might join the PLM in the next few months .
Images from the PLM conference .
By Peter Boyle .
Well - known leaders leaders of the broader left , including president of the University of the Philippines and Laban ng Masa chairperson Dr Francisco Nemenzo , former Akbayan Congress representative Etta Rosales , current Akbayan Congress representative Risa Hontiveros and Ric Reyes delivered greetings to the PLM congress in person .
Rebel soldiers movement
The major alliance the PLM is building is with the military rebels .
Melencio has been visiting the rebel military leaders in detention and discussing the possibility of them joining the PLM .
Some have already expressed their willingness to join or support the PLM .
The PLM congress received a message of support from imprisoned Brigadier - General Danilo Lim , a widely respected leader of the rebel soldiers movement
" Some of the military rebel groups are in full agreement with the PLM platform .
In fact the platform of the PLM is based on a platform put forward by the Young Officers Union for New Government ( YOUNG ) " , said Melencio .
" They asked us to comment on it , during the days of Laban ng Masa , and we developed it into the Platform of the Masses .
We have some more things to discuss , including how to explain socialism to the ranks of the soldiers . "
Melencio said that some of the rebel soldiers had been studying the Venezuelan revolution and reading about Hugo Chavez and " Socialism for the 21st century " .
The PLM has been discussing putting forward Brigadier - General Lim as its presidential candidate in 2010 .
There were international observers at the PLM inaugural congress from the Japan Confederation of Railway Workers Union , the Sweden 's Left Party , the Democratic Socialist Perspective of Australia and the Ceylon Bank Employees Union .
Solidarity greetings were presented from these groups and other international parties , including the Socialist Party of Malaysia ( PSM ) , Papernas from Indonesia and Partido Obrero Revolucionario ( POR , Spain ) , which emailed greetings .
[ Peter Boyle is national secretary of the Democratic Socialist Perspective and attended the PLM congress as an international observer . ]
DSP greetings to the founding conference of Partido Lakas ng Masa , Philippines
Dear Comrades
Warmest congratulations on this founding conference of Partido Lakas ng Masa from the Democratic Socialist Perspective , a Marxist tendency in the Socialist Alliance in Australia .
This important initiative in socialist leadership and organisation in the Philippines comes at a time when the capitalist system faces its worst economic crisis in decades and when the world sits on the brink of cataclysmic global warming .
In addition , after years of bloody imperialist wars abroad , associated assaults on democracy and civil liberties , and the systematic social and environmental vandalism that is neoliberalism , the capitalist system is also suffering a severe crisis of political legitimacy .
This stands out very starkly in the in the Philippines where the GMA regime is widely discredited and hated by the working masses and the traditional politicians in the opposition are seen to be equally corrupt and to offer no real political alternative .
If the left does not offer a lead to the masses in such times of crisis , then other hostile class forces will take advantage of this .
Now is the time for the left to step up to the plate and not to retreat to a sectarian outlook .
Now is a very good time to launch an effective party with which to try and win over and lead the working masses towards a socialist transformation .
We in the DSP share with the PLM a determination to pursue all such openings for such leadership to the fullest extent .
We in the DSP also share with your party an admiration and enthusiastic support for the advancing revolutions in Venezuela and other Latin American countries .
This is an elementary response of solidarity .
This also comes from our recognition that it is the duty of all serious socialists today to study and absorb the lessons of what has come to be called " Socialism of the 20th century " .
After many years of global retreat , the working masses of the world have begun to turn and go back onto the offensive .
Millions of the oppressed have now taken their destiny into their hands and have begun to create a different future .
The revolution led by Hugo Chavez and his comrades in Venezuela celebrated its 10th anniversary last December .
I was fortunate to be able to join in that celebration in Caracas and I can tell you that the power of the masses was a great sight to see .
A giant sea of red stretched down the street from the presidential palace as far as my eyes could sea .
It was a noisy crowd : singing , shouting , chanting and dancing in the street .
And then when Chavez stepped up to the podium to address the crowd , you should have heard the masses roar !
For a socialist revolution to survive 10 years , when not that long before the rulers of the world were celebrating the so - called " end of history " , the so - called final triumph of capitalism , that is truly a great win .
It is a great win , but only a taste of what the masses can , must and will do in the future .
We have no choice but to fight for a new system to replace capitalism .
All these crises tell us one thing : for humanity today the choice is socialism or barbarism .
As the workers , the urban poor , the poor farmers and the rebel soldiers of Venezuela shout out :
Patria , socialismo o muerte , venceremos !
Workers of the world unite !
Peter Boyle
National secretary
DSP Australia .
Hey , we ’ve got some great candidates already .
You wo n’t realize this until you see tomorrow ’s Pearls strip , but the selection of the gummy bear strip is amazing .
( It might just be the same strip I chose to delete a character from tomorrow ) .
Browser testing is a hot and frustrating issue among web designers and developers alike .
In most cases , developers design for one target browser and once they ’re done , they start tweaking their design to make it compatible with other browsers .
There are many ways to test a website before launching , and these include having multiple browsers and operating systems installed , running virtual machines with different configurations or using a hosted image service where a screenshot is produced for a given browser version and operating system to be used for comparison purposes .
Starting today , there ’s a new way for testing browser compatibility developed by Microsoft and it ’s called SuperPreview .
In this article , I ’ll be giving you a brief review of SuperPreview as well as comparing and listing alternate systems for testing your website designs .
Overview
SuperPreview is a new free standalone application from Microsoft ( still in beta ) which enables you to see how your websites will look across different versions of Internet Explorer making migration from IE6 to 7 and 8 much easier than before , without have to start up a Virtual Machine to run IE6 , or have a separate computer dedicated to running IE6 .
They ’ll also be releasing a paid version which will handle the non-IE browsers .
In this review , I ’ll be discussing the free version only .
I should mention that this is a very early preview release , so more features and fixes should be coming in the future .
Availability
The beta version of SuperPreview will be announced today at the Mix09 conference and will be available for free download to the general public shortly after that .
[ UPDATE ]
Software was released today prior to MIX09 , and earlier than originally expected and is now available : Download Microsoft SuperPreview
I was approached by Microsoft to test an early beta version and I ’ve been working with their development team over the past few days by giving them feedback and suggestions .
The release version of SuperPreview for Internet Explorer will be available in the summer of 2009 .
There ’s also a full version which includes support for Firefox and Safari .
This is a PAID version which will be part of Expression Web 3 .
You will have the option to enable it from Expression Web or as a standalone .
Estimated release date is also summer of 2009 .
SuperPreview
SuperPreview is a pretty cool idea and it ’s the first time that I ’ve seen this kind of browser testing functionality available as a standalone application as opposed to a hosted service .
You basically enter the URL ( or local file ) that you want to test and it shows you the preview in two versions of IE at the same time , in a split window .
It comes with the IE6 rendering engine built - in and requires you to have IE7 or IE8 in order to compare them .
A major drawback is that , at this time at least , they have no concrete plans to release a Mac version , although this may be added in the future .
I had to test this on my Mac using Parallels which produced a few bugs , such as slow response time and flickering on some of the loading screens .
Also , the user interface is pretty unattractive and not very user friendly in my opinion , although they claim to be fixing this for the final release .
Also , there ’s no hosted solution available yet , which would be especially useful for those of us on Macs who cannot install IE for testing purposes .
Key Features :
Pointer Modes : Allows you to click on individual page sections for comparison .
The section ’s HTML tag name , its class or ID name , size and position attributes are displayed in the status bar .
Allows you to click on individual page sections for comparison .
The section ’s HTML tag name , its class or ID name , size and position attributes are displayed in the status bar .
Image viewing : Compare Photoshop comp against the baseline browser to ensure that everything lines up in the browser to match your original design .
Compare Photoshop comp against the baseline browser to ensure that everything lines up in the browser to match your original design .
Dom Highlighting :
You can highlight specific DOM elements to see which where there are alignment differences between the browsers .
It displays the positions of the rendered elements and their CSS properties .
You can highlight specific DOM elements to see which where there are alignment differences between the browsers .
It displays the positions of the rendered elements and their CSS properties .
Positioning Guides / Rulers :
Use rulers to measure the layout differences between browsers .
When you position a ruler in one browser window , the ruler in the second browser moves with it .
Use rulers to measure the layout differences between browsers .
When you position a ruler in one browser window , the ruler in the second browser moves with it .
Layout views :
View side - by - side either horizontally or vertically , or overlay mode .
View side - by - side either horizontally or vertically , or overlay mode .
Zoom :
To select the level of magnification .
To select the level of magnification .
Multiple resolutions :
Not yet available in this beta release , but will be included in future releases .
Not yet available in this beta release , but will be included in future releases .
Thumbnail display : Previews a thumbnail at the bottom of each panel with a miniature map like view of the entire site so that you can quickly click on a different area of the page .
Examples :
The toolbar showing the different guides and rulers
Guides and rulers with DOM highlighting show the differences in rendering in IE6 and IE7
Choosing local browsers , remote browsers or images ( screenshot of full version with non-IE browser support )
Pros :
No need to install IE6 .
Side by side comparison and choice of layout views .
Can compare Photoshop comp against baseline browser .
Guides and rulers to measure positioning differences between browsers .
Overlay mode will show if there are many discrepancies .
DOM highlighting is useful to find and identify differences quickly .
Zoom capability .
Free for IE browser previews .
Displays PHP and ASPX pages ( provided that you have PHP installed on your system ) .
Supports whatever the native browser supports , including Ajax and JavaScript .
Cons :
Currently it works with IE8 in IE7 emulation mode , which is apparently about 90 % good .
They ’re working on making true built - in IE7 and IE8 rendering .
No version for Mac yet .
Resolution option not currently available in the beta version .
Free version only compares among different versions of Internet Explorer and paid version only compares among browsers that you have installed .
Unattractive UI and icons ( at least in the beta version ) .
Overlay mode is confusing to identify which browser is which .
No hosted solution available yet .
No support for ActiveX ( including Flash ) .
Cannot compare with Mac browsers .
Cannot click on links to navigate the site .
Slow refresh / loading time ( at least running XP in Mac with Parallels ) .
Thumbnail preview is useless for very long web pages .
Other Testing Methods
A common method for testing a site ( besides installing a number of browsers and operating systems ) is to use a hosted service that takes screenshots of your web page as viewed in different browsers and operating systems .
Here are a few of the most popular ones :
BrowserShots
Supports multiple browsers , Java , Flash , Javascript and screen resolutions .
Easy to use and free .
Browser Photo
Supports multiple browsers and versions as well as Windows , Mac and Linux .
From 800×600 up to 1024 ×768 .
Price : $ 15 for one time use , or $ 150 per domain / year for unlimited use
CrossBrowserTesting
Supports multiple browsers and operating systems .
You pay per minute of usage .
Requires Java .
Free trial .
Browsercam
Supports any browser , any operating system .
Includes JavaScript , DHTML forms and more dynamic functionality .
Option for remote access and mobile page development .
From $ 19.95 for one day usage for browser capture .
BrowsrCamp
MAC OS X browser testing using screenshots .
From 800 px resolution up to 1600 .
Free for Safari 3.1.2 screenshots .
Paid service from $ 3 per day .
NetRendered
Checks how a website is rendered by Internet Explorer 7 , 6 or 5.5 .
Free .
Litmus
Checks every browser and any platform and includes bug tracking .
50 test a month is free but only for IE7 and Firefox 2 . 23 Browser support starts at $ 24 per day .
Finally , you could install multiple browsers , or use virtual machines for further testing .
Virtual Software :
Allows you to install multiple operating systems on the same computer
Further reading :
http://www.thesitewizard.com/webdesign/multiplebrowsers.shtml
http://css-discuss.incutio.com/?page=BrowserTesting
Disclaimer from WDD ’s editor :
This post is a personal review of SuperPreview .
I was not compensated in any way by Microsoft or any other company for reviewing this product or the others .
The opinions expressed here are solely my own .
Please post below what other systems you use for testing your website designs across different browsers and different versions .
Pirates , Bankers and Libertarians
By Michael I. Niman , ArtVoice 4/16/09
For Ron Paul ’s growing legion of dope - addled contradictarian libertarians , Somalia is like nirvana .
There are no taxes .
No public education .
No national healthcare .
No national debt .
No labor laws .
No environmental laws .
No business regulations .
No unions .
No import or export restrictions .
No meddlesome big government — or small government for that matter .
And everyone smokes khat , which is a leafy plant that temporarily deludes its users into feeling as if their problems are gone .
Somalia , a country that has n’t had an operating central government since 1991 , is a libertarian Republican ’s wet dream , where entrepreneurs can grow their businesses unfettered by laws and regulations .
Out of this brave new old world of unbridled capitalism , 21st - century Blackbeards have emerged , shoeless gangstas doing it Somali style on the high seas , making monkeys out of the world ’s richest states and most powerful navies .
A Vanity Fair story about a hijacking of a French luxury cruise ship described those Somali pirates as being “ scrawny ” and “ dressed in rags . ”
One had his pistol tied to his trousers by a lanyard so he would n’t lose it if he dropped it , much like a parent tying mittens to a preschooler .
Welcome to a wild , weird new century .
I ’m kind of torn watching all this pirate drama unfold .
The anarchist in me is charmed by the specter of some of the poorest and hence most powerless people on earth throwing a wrench into the machine , demanding recognition as people the world can no longer ignore .
But they ’re pirates .
And I do n’t like pirates .
Maybe it ’s all those silly argh arghing Disney pirate wannabes sailing about in cyberspace .
Or maybe it ’s just my own anger at the prospect of anyone boarding my canoe and trying to tell me how or where to paddle .
In any case , I do n’t have patience for pirates , whether they ’re costumed clowns , khat - smoking Somalis , or pothead Republicans .
So I have to admit that my ire was up when pirates seized the Maersk Alabama , which was the first American - flagged ship captured by pirates on the high seas in more than 200 years .
Part of my anger stemmed from the fact that what the pirates seized was a humanitarian aid shipment bound for starving Somalis .
Once they realized this , they should have apologized and left peaceably .
In any event , I knew the pirates fucked up .
The United States Government does n’t pay ransom to thugs — that is , of course , unless they ’re bankers or insurance companies holding our entire economy hostage .
If the US allowed a ransom to be paid for the safe return of the captain of the Maersk Alabama , no American would be safe traveling anywhere .
People are not commodities that can be stolen and bought back .
It is not acceptable to point guns in people ’s faces .
It is not acceptable to kidnap people , to steal them like slaves to be bartered .
I followed this story closely and was truly happy to see the captain liberated , and not terribly concerned about the fate of the people who were promising to kill the unarmed captain .
These were not sweet , gentle people .
And they ’re not the poor , scrawny youngsters described by Vanity Fair .
I ’ll explain more about this in a moment .
This story , like most things I write about , is a lot more complicated than it first appears .
It turns out there were a lot of pirates plying the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean long before starving Somalis took to their battered skiffs with rifles and machetes .
There ’s a reason why the Maersk Alabama was the first American ship seized by pirates in two centuries .
Ninety percent of internationally traded goods are transported on approximately 50,000 freighters and tankers , but putting aside domestic and Great Lakes shipping , only about 200 of these ships are registered to the United States and staffed by Americans .
Today ’s ships are registered under “ flags of convenience , ” exempting their multinational corporate owners from taxes and environmental and labor regulations .
These corporate pirates , hiding behind a rainbow of colorful Jolly Rogers , have netted hundreds of millions in booty by underpaying workers , skimping on safety and sanitation , and evading taxes to governments that we the people otherwise have to shoulder the burden of supporting .
One thing that US ship registration fees pay for is the protection of the US Navy .
Panama , the number one nation for ship registry , has a small naval force which they use for patrolling their own coast , mostly enforcing fishing regulations and ignoring drug traffickers .
The second largest shipping fleet in the world is registered to Liberia , which has a small coast guard base but saw most of its small boats sunk when rebels overran its capital in the 1990s .
Needless to say , it ’s not Liberia or Panama that are out on the high seas spending money rescuing Liberian and Panamanian flagged vessels .
These corporate pirates , however , could have happily sailed the waters off the coast of Somalia for another 200 years — had not another group of pirates come on the scene .
The nastiest pirates to ply the Somali coast in recent years have n’t been Somalis :
They ’re Europeans .
This all goes back to the Ron Paul libertarian Republican utopia .
When Somalia ’s government fell in 1991 , making Somalia a free - market free - for - all , it opened the door for all sorts of exploitation on the lawless coast .
No government meant that Somalia , unlike even Liberia with its silly coast guard base , and Panama with its tiny navy , had no means to protect its fisheries and its environment .
Hence , shortly after the fall of the government , European - flagged fishing trawlers starting recklessly harvesting what the London - based Independent reports as more than $ 300 million per year in tuna , shrimp , and lobster , mostly destined for the European market .
This dollar amount , incidentally , far surpasses anything the Somali pirates have so far been able to extract from global shippers .
Unregulated by Somali government , the European pirates maximized resource exploitation , wiping out local fisheries in a ruthless quest for a salable harvest .
With the local fisheries went the local fishing industry .
To add insult to injury , the European drift nets not only wreaked havoc on the local ecosystem , which no doubt was already overfished by Somalis , but also regularly caught small Somali fishing vessels .
After European fish pirates successfully tested the Somali coastline for weakness , a new type of European pirate followed in their wake — this time using the Somali coast as a toxic and radioactive waste dump .
The Independent quotes the United Nations envoy to Somalia as reporting not only that “ Somebody is dumping nuclear waste here , ” but “ there is also lead , and heavy metals such as cadmium and mercury ” showing up in Somalia ’s coastal waters .
In 2005 , more than 300 coastal residents died from radiation sickness after leaking barrels of radioactive waste started washing ashore .
Much of the toxic waste found on the Somali coast is traceable to European hospitals and industrial facilities .
It ’s against this backdrop that a third wave of pirates emerged in Somali waters .
There are now many reports of desperate Somali fishermen , earlier in this decade , venturing out to confront the European trawlers that were destroying their fisheries , and to hunt for the pirates who were dumping toxic waste into their waters .
At first , they seized fishing trawlers , demanding outrageous “ fines ” from the owners .
The owners quickly paid the ransoms , writing them off as a cost of doing business .
Emboldened Somalis starting grabbing bigger boats and demanding larger ransoms , which shippers easily paid .
This quickly drew the attention of Somalia ’s criminal gangs , who now control the multi-million dollar piracy industry , while , intentionally or not , driving the European poachers out of Somali waters .
These new Somali pirates — essentially the fourth wave of pirates to ply the Somali coast during the past decade — increasingly , like the corporate pirates they prey on , represent big business .
The people boarding the boats often work for investors back on shore who arm them , equip them , and provide them with chase boats .
Their relationship with shippers , at least until this week , has been somewhat symbiotic .
The costs of ransoms have been absorbed through higher insurance rates — paid to pirates like AIG — which in turn are passed on as shipping surcharges .
Both the insurance and shipping companies continue to take their margins from these newly inflated grosses , with the additional revenue dwarfing the amount actually paid out to Somali pirates , be they fishermen or well financed , conglomerated thugs .
Last week ’s attack on a US flagged aid ship will end that status quo .
The American media suggested that our president ’s honor and manhood had been challenged .
That threat ended with the killing of three Somali pirates .
During the four - day ordeal , however , we got a break from soaring unemployment , collapsing industries , toxic debt , global warming , Mexican drug wars , and the general breakdown of society .
For four days we got to go back to a simpler time — the 1730s , to be specific — and a good old - fashioned shootout with buccaneers .
Three skinny kids born into a chaotic violent collapsed society were shot dead by the world ’s most powerful military , and the Obama presidency was saved .
It ’s a weird world for sure .
The Somali pirates , for their part , are promising a break from their relatively nonviolent past , with lots of talk about a new future predicated on the wholesale execution of captives — in short , terrorism .
This is a bad business plan , but so was attacking one of the only US - flagged cargo ships on earth .
Killing pirates , it turns out , is a good political move .
President Obama , in the eyes of an amoebic media , is now a decisive leader ready to take those 3 am phone calls Hillary Clinton and John McCain warned us about .
He allowed pirates to be shot .
He ’s a real leader .
Now that he ’s cut his teeth , faced that first ritualistic bloodletting of a US president , and experienced the power and prestige that comes from defeating pirates , perhaps it ’s time to take on real , big - league pirates .
Perhaps it ’s time to deal with the pirates on Wall Street who have been holding our economy hostage .
Maybe , if they run , we ’ll even pursue them to their Somalia - like offshore tax havens .
Maybe .
But I ’m not holding my breath .
When it comes to pursuing criminals , we like to think small .
Dr. Michael I. Niman is a professor of journalism and media studies at Buffalo State College .
His previous Artvoice columns are available online at www.artvoice.com, archived at www.mediastudy.com and available globally through syndication .
©Copyright 2009
By Vanessa Buschschluter
BBC News
" A normal boy " - that is how his table - tennis coach has described Tim Kretschmer , the 17 - year - old who has been named locally as the suspect in Wednesday 's deadly school shooting in south west Germany .
Tim Kretschmer 's coach says he seemed to have a happy family life Eckehard Weiss coached Kretschmer for three - and - a - half years .
" He was a normal kid .
Not aggressive .
Sometimes he could be quite arrogant , but then he was one of the better players , so that 's understandable , " Mr Weiss told the BBC News website .
Mr Weiss , who trained Kretschmer on a regular basis until he switched to another table - tennis club 18 months ago , says that apart from his talent for table tennis , the boy was unremarkable .
" He dressed like a normal boy , and the way he dealt with his team - mates was normal , too . "
The coach lost contact with Kretschmer when he switched to a nearby club .
" But I know he played a league game just this past Sunday , " Mr Weiss says .
Only hobby Mr Weiss says that in the years he coached the boy , he came to know him well .
Tim never mentioned having any arguments at home
Eckehard Weiss
Table - tennis coach " He was a keen player .
When he was 11 , he told me he would one day want to become a professional player . "
Mr Weiss says playing table tennis was Kretschmer 's only hobby and that he took it very seriously .
" Whenever a new ranking was published , he 'd learn the names of the top 40 players by heart . "
The coach says there was nothing unusual about Kretschmer 's home life that he knew of .
He says the family were very welcoming .
' Happy family '
" His three team - mates and I would often go round to his house after league games for coffee and cake and play table tennis in the cellar . "
" Tim never mentioned having any arguments at home .
They seemed like a happy family , " Mr Weiss says .
" He also got on fine with his three team - mates , " says Mr Weiss .
" They were n't close friends , but there was no friction there either . "
Mr Weiss recalls that winning the area championship in 2004 in the boys ' under - 14 category was a happy moment for Kretschmer .
Looking at the picture of Kretschmer holding the trophy aloft five years ago Mr Weiss says : " Yes that is him , that 's Tim , the table - tennis player , there was nothing aggressive about him then . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
John Hinderaker once again proves how incompetent the conservative movement is :
Today John Hinderaker at Powerline wrote the following about Barack Obama :
Everyone knows that Barack Obama is lost without his teleprompter , but his latest blunder , courtesy of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel , via the Corner , suggests that the teleprompter may not be enough unless it includes phonetic spellings .
[ Obama apparently mispronounced the name of the company " Orion " ]
So evidently we have to add astronomy to history and economics as subjects of which Obama is remarkably ignorant .
I 'm beginning to fear that our President has below - average knowledge of the world .
Not for a President , but for a middle - aged American .
If that alone is n't enough to make your head explode , here 's what the very same John Hinderaker had to say about our previous president :
It must be very strange to be President Bush .
A man of extraordinary vision and brilliance approaching to genius , he can't get anyone to notice .
He is like a great painter or musician who is ahead of his time , and who unveils one masterpiece after another to a reception that , when not bored , is hostile .
The alternative universe that these folks manage to create for themselves is really quite something to behold .
In their world , a man who was the editor - in - chief of the Harvard Law Review and a constitutional law professor at a top law school is some sort of empty suit who is incapable of thinking or expressing a coherent thought without a teleprompter .
A man who spent much of his childhood in Indonesia , has traveled extensively overseas , and who , by all accounts , is an avid student of foreign policy is some kind of ignoramus who knows nothing about the world .
But a man who was notorious for his struggles with the English language , who achieved everything in his life by virtue of his last name , a man who admittedly had no interest in foreign policy and had traveled nowhere prior to becoming president ... that guy is worldly beyond measure , a " man of extraordinary vision and brilliance approaching to genius . "
What 's really sad is that Hinderaker is not alone in this belief .
If you read the right - wing blogs , it 's just an accepted fact that Obama is a moron .
It 's as if they think that if they say it over and over again , it will somehow catch on with the public at large .
The problem with this meme , of course , is that it 's so easily disproven .
No one who watched Obama give his hour - long prime - time press conference last month -- where he gave lengthy professorial answers to every question asked -- would entertain for even a moment the suggestion that he is stupid or unknowledgeable or incapable of speaking without a teleprompter .
The right - wing blogosphere might as well be trying to convince the public that Obama is white .
But in the up - is - down world of the right wing echo chamber , anything goes , no matter how dumb .
The mobile number will be available for six months
An art exhibition opening in the Netherlands will allow people to call a telephone number designated for God - but they will have to leave a message .
Dubbed God's Hotline , it aims to focus attention on changes to the ways Dutch people perceive religion .
Dutch artist Johan van der
Dong chose a mobile phone number to show that God was available anywhere and anytime , Radio Netherlands reported .
Critics say the project mocks those with religious beliefs .
Forming part of an art installation in the town of Groningen , the voicemail message says : " This is the voice of God , I am not able to speak to you at the moment , but please leave a message . "
Secret messages
Although the hotline is officially launched on Saturday , the phone number has been active for the past week , with 1,000 messages left on the answerphone .
But the messages are to remain confidential and will not form part of the art project .
Van der Dong told Radio Netherlands : " I 'm not a pastor , I 'm an artist and I wo n't listen to the messages .
" It 's a secret between the Lord and the people who are calling . "
Exhibition spokeswoman Susanna Groot said there was no intention to offend anyone .
" In earlier times you would go to a church to say a prayer and now [ this is an ] opportunity to just make a phone call and say your prayer in a modern way . "
Instead , the aim is to provoke debate about the priorities of modern life .
The phone line will remain open for the next six months .
Want a daughter with blond hair , green eyes and pale skin ?
A Los Angeles clinic says it will soon help couples select both gender and physical traits in a baby when they undergo a form of fertility treatment .
The clinic , Fertility Institutes , says it has received " half a dozen " requests for the service , which is based on a procedure called pre-implantation genetic diagnosis , or PGD .
While ...
The primes are the atoms among numbers .
But how can we find them all ?
The prime numbers — so simple , yet so mysterious .
Primes are those numbers that are divisible only by themselves and the number 1 .
They are the atoms amongst the integers because every whole number can be written as a product of a unique set of primes .
We have known since the time of Euclid that there are infinitely many primes — there is no largest prime — but there is no general formula that generates all of them .
Their distribution among the other numbers is still a mystery and motivates some of the biggest open questions in mathematics ( see the Plus articles A whirlpool of numbers and Mathematical mysteries : the Goldbach conjecture ) .
As the eighteenth century mathematical genius Leonhard Euler put it , " Mathematicians have tried in vain to this day to discover some order in the sequence of prime numbers , and we have reason to believe that it is a mystery into which the mind will never penetrate . "
However , all is not lost : we do have algorithms that can find all the primes up to a given number .
In this article we 'll look at an example of such an algorithm , in which the primes pop out of a very simple , and highly regular , structure as if by magic .
It 's called the sieve of Sundaram , after an obscure East Indian mathematician by the name of S.P. Sundaram , who discovered it in the 1930s .
Sundaram 's algorithm is not a real sieve , of course , but a clever way of spotting numbers that are not prime , thus " sieving out " those that are .
Sundaram 's sieve is based on an array of numbers formed from arithmetic progressions , in other words , sequences of numbers in which successive numbers are a given fixed distance apart .
We start with the infinite sequence in which successive numbers are exactly three steps apart , and which starts with the number 4 :
4 , 7 , 10 , 13 , 16 , 19 , 22 , 25 , ...
Next up is the sequence starting with the number 7 and with successive numbers exactly 5 steps apart :
7 , 12 , 17 , 22 , 27 , 32 , 37 , 42 , ...
Now consider the sequence starting with the number 10 and with a difference of 7 between successive numbers :
10 , 17 , 24 , 31 , 38 , 45 , 52 , 59 , ...
You can see the pattern emerging : the starting point of each sequence is three steps on from that of the previous one , and the distance between successive numbers is the distance of the previous sequence plus 2 .
Writing the sequences beneath each other , we get the following doubly infinite array :
4 7 10 13 16 19 22 25 ... 7 12 17 22 27 32 37 42 ... 10 17 24 31 38 45 52 59 ... 13 22 31 40 49 58 67 76 ... 16 27 38 49 60 71 82 93 ... .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ...
The array exhibits a lot of structure : the first row is equal to the first column , each row is an arithmetic progression , and the differences between entries in two consecutive rows form the sequence
3 , 5 , 7 , 9 , 11 , 13 , 15 , 17 , ...
which is itself an arithmetic progression .
Now pick any number in this array , double it , add 1 , and ask yourself if the resulting number is a prime .
Repeat this a few times and you 'll find that your answer , no matter which number from the array you pick , is always " no " .
So what about the numbers not in the array , for example 5 , 6 , 8 , etc ?
A few calculations should convince you that for a number N not in the array , the number 2N+1 is prime .
That is , the first set of calculations suggests that
If N lies in the array , then 2N+1 is not prime .
If N does not lie in the array , then 2N+1 is prime .
And the second set of calculations suggests that
We can roll the two statements into one as follows :
2N+1 is prime , if — and only if — N does not lie in the array .
Euclid of Alexandria , ca 325 BC - 265 BC .
He proved that there are infinitely many primes .
If this statement is indeed true for all numbers N , then it gives us a way of deriving the sequence of primes , with all its well - known irregularity , from an array with a high degree of mathematical structure , and the simplest structure as well : that of arithmetic progressions .
Quite an amazing result !
But can we be sure that the statement is true for all N ?
We can indeed , because it is possible to prove it in its full generality .
But rather than giving you the proof to read off the page , we challenge you to come up with your own version .
It does n't require any mathematical knowledge beyond a familiarity with multiplication and division , and a tiny bit of algebra .
If you get stuck , the three steps below guide you through the process , and there are hints too , in case you need them .
Conclusion
If you 've found your way through our three steps , or have found your own version of the proof , then you have shown that N lies in the array if and only if 2N+1 is not prime .
This proves that Sundaram 's sieve works : to find the kth prime , simply find the ( k - 1 ) st number not in the array , double it , and add 1 .
( It 's the ( k - 1 ) st missing number , because the array does n't generate the first prime , which is 2 . )
Of course , there are other methods for " sieving out " primes , including the famous sieve of Eratosthenes ( see the Plus article Goldbach revisited ) and the lesser - known visual sieve ( see the Plus article Catching primes ) .
These methods are altogether different , although their workings are equally mysterious and the mathematics involved is similarly elementary .
About the author
Julian Havil is a prematurely retired mathematics teacher who for 33 years taught the subject at Winchester College .
He spends his retirement as people should , enjoying the freedom it brings and trying to make good use of the time gifted to him : writing books and articles , giving talks , and travelling both for teaching and for leisure .
Havil 's books Impossible ? , Nonplussed ! , and Gamma : Exploring Euler 's Constant , have all been reviewed in Plus .
Havil 's latest book has the working title The Irrationals .
It will give an historical account of their discovery and development throughout the centuries , spanning ancient Greece to 19th century Europe .
It will explore the importance of these numbers , as well as many significant results associated with them .
The book will be aimed at good sixth form students and above , and will be published by Princeton University Press .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Ever seen an ambassador dressed from head to foot in pastel frills ?
How about a diplomatic envoy in a mini-skirted school uniform ?
Ambassadors of Cute , Shizuka Fujioka ( L ) , Yu Kimura , and Misako Aoki ( R ) , pose during a news conference at Japan 's Foreign Ministry in Tokyo March 12 , 2009 .
Ever seen an ambassador dressed from head to foot in pastel frills ?
How about a diplomatic envoy in a mini-skirted school uniform ?
In a bid to raise its international profile , Tokyo has appointed three young women as cultural envoys because they represent Japan 's long - running craze for all things cute .
REUTERS / Michael Caronna
In a bid to raise its international profile , Tokyo has appointed three young women as cultural envoys because they represent Japan ’s long - running craze for all things cute .
Inspired by the characters in Japan ’s distinctive “ anime ” animated films and “ manga ” cartoon books , one of the new ambassadors dresses as a schoolgirl , another as a Victorian doll in voluminous frilly skirts .
The third of the women , presented at a news conference on Thursday , was a singer dressed in a polka dot shirt with a bunny print , offset by bouffant back - combed hair , a look that has made her a fashion leader in Tokyo teens ’ favorite haunt , Harajuku .
Japan wants to exploit the popularity of the “ kawaii ” ( cute ) culture , which has influenced young people in Asia and Europe .
“ It ’s all about mutual understanding , ” said Tsutomu Nakagawa , the head of the cultural affairs division at the Foreign Ministry , after presenting the three envoys to the foreign media .
“ We want people abroad to know these kind of people exist in Japan and to feel close to them . ”
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Faced with the prospect of being overtaken in both economic and military might by giant neighbor China , Japan has been making concerted efforts to boost its “ soft power , ” a strategy that analysts see as important .
“ You get people to love your culture and use that as a way of gaining power around the world , ” said Phil Deans , professor of international relations at Temple University ’s Tokyo campus .
“ America has a lot of soft power , because people like American culture . ”
But these ambassadors , whose role will be to speak at cultural events such as a Japan Expo to be held in Paris in July , may have narrower appeal than Hollywood movie stars .
The envoys , chosen for the clothes they choose to wear in their everyday lives , said they believed their styles would last .
“ Every female from small girls to grandmothers loves pretty clothes , ” said nurse and part - time model Misako Aoki , now ambassador for the doll - like “ Gothic Lolita ” style .
“ I think I can continue to dress like this all my life .
Age has nothing to do with it . ”
Actress Shizuka Fujioka , 19 , wears a school uniform even though she ’s graduated because she felt she missed out by going to a school with an ugly uniform .
The appointment of the three envoys comes a year after Doraemon , a rotund blue cartoon cat with no ears , was named a special ambassador .
While serving as foreign minister , manga fan Prime Minister Taro Aso also launched an international prize for the genre .
“ Whether this is a strategy on which the world ’s second largest economy can base its diplomacy , I have yet to be convinced , ” said Temple University ’s Deans .
Researchers from Japan ’s ATR Computational Neuroscience Laboratories have developed new brain analysis technology that can reconstruct the images inside a person ’s mind and display them on a computer monitor !
According to the researchers , further development of the technology may soon make it possible to view other people ’s dreams while they sleep .
The scientists were able to reconstruct various images viewed by a person by analyzing changes in their cerebral blood flow .
Using a functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) machine , the researchers first mapped the blood flow changes that occurred in the cerebral visual cortex as subjects viewed various images held in front of their eyes .
Subjects were shown 400 random 10 x 10 pixel black - and - white images for a period of 12 seconds each .
While the fMRI machine monitored the changes in brain activity , a computer crunched the data and learned to associate the various changes in brain activity with the different image designs .
Then , when the test subjects were shown a completely new set of images , such as the letters N - E - U - R - O - N , the system was able to reconstruct and display what the test subjects were viewing based solely on their brain activity .
For now , the system is only able to reproduce simple black - and - white images .
But Dr. Kang Cheng , a researcher from the RIKEN Brain Science Institute , suggests that improving the measurement accuracy will make it possible to reproduce images in color .
“ These results are a breakthrough in terms of understanding brain activity , ” says Dr. Cheng .
“ In as little as 10 years , advances in this field of research may make it possible to read a person ’s thoughts with some degree of accuracy . ”
The researchers suggest a future version of this technology could be applied in the fields of art and design — particularly if it becomes possible to quickly and accurately access images existing inside an artist ’s head .
The technology might also lead to new treatments for conditions such as psychiatric disorders involving hallucinations , by providing doctors a direct window into the mind of the patient .
ATR chief researcher Yukiyasu Kamitani says , “ This technology can also be applied to senses other than vision .
In the future , it may also become possible to read feelings and complicated emotional states . ”
But for many couples , the queue  the computer list of which films will arrive next in the mail , after those at home are returned  is as important as everything else that spouses and other varieties of significant others share , from pet names to closet space to the bathroom .
For some , this is fine .
For others , the queue is the new toilet seat that somebody left up .
Back to that disc at the Marino residence , dug in like an old grudge .
“ I had ‘ English Patient ’ for more than six months , ” Mr. Marino confessed .
“ It was an insane amount of time . ”
He recalled starting the same discussion with his wife , night after night , as they flipped among the five DVDs from their Netflix subscription .
“ Do you want to watch this ?
Do you want to watch this ?
Do you want to watch ‘ English Patient ? ’ ”
“ No , ” was the response he got .
Soon , Mr. Marino could not even get the full title out of his mouth before it was shot out of the sky like the English Patient himself .
“ It was like , ‘ Eng   ’ ”
“ No . ”
“ It just sat .
My wife thought it would be too depressing .
I ’m like , ‘ When are you going to be in the mood to watch it ? ’
She ’s like , ‘ I do n’t know . ’ ”
Image Credit ... Christopher Serra
Eventually , it was returned unwatched .
Mr. Marino and Ms. Miller are not alone .
Far from it .
Men and women from perfectly happy partnerships report their own dysfunctional cohabitation within the confines of the queue .
Once upon a time , these sorts of disagreements were sorted out in the aisles of a video store , before a movie was selected .
Now , when the conversation begins , it ’s already too late .
There are two capitalisms .
There is mundane market capitalism and there is political capitalism .
Markets regulated by the rule of law and governed by a freely functioning price system are post and beam in the architecture of prosperity .
You step into a grocery and there in the freezer are your coveted waffles waiting as if someone knew you were coming for them .
But no one is looking after your need for breakfast treats .
Each looks after her own needs by looking to the free play of prices and there emerges a rough - but - remarkable convergence of the waffles wanted and the waffles supplied .
As the great Adam Smith noted , it seems like magic , but it 's not .
It 's just amazing -- in the way the evolution of the eye is amazing .
Government helps make markets work , and work better .
Effective mundane markets exist within the institutions of property , contract , and law -- institutions well - ordered governments support .
Prudent regulation helps contain the harmful spillovers of productive activity .
But there is little danger the waffle market will go haywire in the absence of intense scrutiny by government authorities .
The lightly regulated markets of mundane capitalism deserve our continued trust because their quiet efficiency so rarely betrays it .
Political markets -- less enabled by government than made by it -- operate according to fundamentally different , and less trustworthy , principles .
Propped - up by subsidy , structured by central diktat and created ex nihilo by edict , political markets may arise from noble aspirations but in the end are instruments always of the privileged and powerful .
Take contemporary financial markets .
( Please ! )
These are not so much regulated by government oversight as they are constituted by the convoluted web of regulation that dictates who may sell what to whom and on what terms .
The shape of our financial markets has emerged from the gradual accretion and rare subtraction of political intervention .
But it is now brutally clear that financial markets are not stable simply because they are framed by law and watched by bureaucrats .
It is not so hard to see why .
In political markets , the battle for competitive advantage is in part a battle over the rules of the game .
That , in turn , is a battle for the hearts of minds of regulators , who generally know less , and are far less motivated , than the industry insiders they regulate .
It is no surprise when regulators come to confuse the interests of the powerful ( for whom they might someday wish to work , after all ) with the interests of the public .
As we have recently witnessed , the heavily regulated nature of our financial markets did not keep them from going haywire and taking the entire economy down with them .
Appointing a better breed of bureaucrat fixes nothing .
Even now , in the morning of the Obama era , Washington remains convinced that the country is best served by " rescuing " its self - immolating Wall Street wards .
It is the failure of this capitalism that accounts for the suffering of millions and explains our bitter decline .
Yet President Obama asks for more .
The controversial cap and trade scheme for limiting CO2 emissions is perhaps the most striking example .
A cap and trade system would introduce a new market fabricated by government to regulate the entire economy of mundane markets .
Cap and trade is based on the political invention of scarcity .
But the problem of determining the ideal supply of emission permits is much like the Federal Reserve 's problem of determining the ideal quantity of government money .
In both cases , bureaucrats must appeal to dubious mathematical models and pronounce on questions that remain the subject of raging scientific controversy .
When the Fed produced the wrong answers , it helped inflate the housing bubble , which led to the ruin of our economy .
Do we trust the government climate bureaucrats to do better ?
Each element of a political market invites political wrangling .
Obama 's budget assumes the government will rake in over $ 600 billion from auctioning the initial round of emissions permits .
But carbon - heavy businesses , already suffering from the recession , are lobbying hard to be given permits for free .
Industries that fear they will be hurt by the increased cost of emissions will push for an oversupply of permits , to keep permit prices low .
Companies that reckon a high emissions cost will give them an advantage over their competitors will favor a low cap that keeps permit prices high .
But the higher the price , the more those harmed by them will clamor for exemptions and rebates , and many will get them .
The reality of cap and trade will be a typical political market : an expensive ramshackle compromise of competing forces .
But this is can look pretty good if you think your team can win the political game .
Jeff Immelt , the CEO of GE , is certainly excited about the opportunities Obama 's innovations in political capitalism offer his well - positioned corporate behemoth , which wields considerable influence in Washington .
" The interaction between government and business will change forever , " Immelt recently wrote in a letter to shareholders .
" In a reset economy , the government will be a regulator ; and also an industry policy champion , a financier , and a key partner . "
And GE , Immelt is sure , will profit nicely .
That 's political capitalism , that 's corporatism , in a nutshell .
And that 's the kind of disreputable market system that got us into this mess .
Senator Tom Daschle has withdrawn his nomination for health and human services secretary .
President Obama will now be faced with choosing another person to fill that important post .
My hope is that he considers former 2 term Oregon Governor John Kitzhaber ( MD ) , founder of the Archimedes Movement .
Founded in January , 2006 by former Oregon governor John Kitzhaber , the Archimedes Movement works to engage Americans in solving the biggest challenges we face today .
We ’re starting with health .
Each day more Americans are at risk of losing their access to health care .
This challenge requires an American solution that invests in our health and guarantees all families affordable , quality health care .
The Archimedes Movement is creating the momentum for this fundamental change .
Go to the Archimedes website to read more ..
Here are links to the Statement of Intent , Principles , and Framework for a New System .
Gov. Kitzhaber has been working at the grassroots to look for real solutions to our healthcare crisis in this country .
Watch these videos and learn more ..
Health Care for the 21st Century : A Call to Action “ Preview Clip ”
( The complete film ’s length is just over 44 minutes , go here to watch the full length feature in its entirety )
From YouTube :
Health Care for the 21st Century puts you in the audience as former Oregon governor John Kitzhaber presents the challenges we face if we do n’t address the growing crisis in the US health care system .
Kitzhaber launched the Archimedes Movement in January 2006 , with a commitment to building meaningful opportunities for engagement and direct action to advance solutions to our common challenges .
The first effort the movement is taking is on health care .
John Kitzhaber has traveled the country speaking to groups about the urgent need to build a health system based on the needs of today , rather than relying on one that was designed for the 1950s and 1960s .
The world has changed , yet we continue to hold onto programs that no longer function in the 21st Century .
We can do better for ourselves and future generations .
This presentation gives you the opportunity to share that message with others in your community .
John Kitzhaber takes some of the most complicated information – how our health system was and is formed – and breaks it down so we can understand and do something about it .
If you believe we can change our future , then invest some of your time and watch this film .
John Kitzhaber , M.D. discusses the health issues facing President - elect Barack Obama .
( Recorded October 16th , 2008 . )
This is the man we need to begin a meaningful national debate , and to lead the charge to reform health care in this country .
: : : : : : : : : :
Israel " deliberately and recklessly " fired white phosphorus shells in densely populated areas of Gaza in an " indiscriminate " way that killed and wounded civilians and is " evidence of war crimes " , Human Rights Watch said yesterday .
A detailed report from the agency says the Israeli military knew white phosphorus 's lethal capacity to cause intense burns , and that the firing of it in airburst artillery shells revealed a " pattern or policy of conduct rather than incidental or accidental usage . "
And the 71 - page report reveals that the 15 January firing of phosphorus shells on or near the UN Relief and Works Agency compound in Gaza City , where 700 civilians were sheltering , continued for at least two hours after UN staff began making repeated telephone calls to the Israeli military asking it to stop .
The shells caused an estimated $ 10 m ( £ 6.8 m ) damage and led to burning for 12 days after the attack .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
While documenting cases in which civilians were burnt to death or severely hurt and civilian property set on fire , the report says that the majority of civilian deaths were not caused by white phosphorus but from other " missiles , bombs , heavy artillery , tank shells , and small arms fire " .
But the HRW researcher Fred Abrams said senior Israeli commanders should be held account for its usage in violation of international law requirements to avoid civilian harm .
While the use of phosphorus is permitted to hide troop movements in non-civilian areas , Mr Abrams added : " In Gaza , the Israeli military did n't just use white phosphorus in open areas as a screen for its troops .
It fired white phosphorus repeatedly over densely populated areas , even when its troops were n't in the area and safe smoke shells were available .
As a result , civilians needlessly suffered and died . "
An airburst 155 mm artillery shell spreads 116 white phosphorus wedges in a range of 125 metres , which ignites on contact with oxygen and burns at up to 1,500 degrees Fahrenheit until nothing is left or the oxygen supply is cut .
When it comes into contact with skin it creates intense and persistent burns , sometimes down to the bone .
HRW says an Israeli health ministry report produced during the 22 - day military offensive in Gaza said that burns to 10 per cent of the body can be fatal because of damage to the liver , kidneys and heart .
Witness reports taken by HRW describe the killing of a bank manager , his wife and two of their children in their car during white phosphorus shelling in the Tel - el - Hawa area of Gaza City on 15 January .
According to a Palestinian journalist , Fathi Sabbah , whose own building in the area came under attack , when ambulances came to take the bodies away from the partly melted car , they found " only a few bones " of the four occupants .
The report quotes another witness , Muhammad Al Sharif , as saying that a piece of a skull and some teeth lay beside the car .
The report also highlights , among a total of six cases documented in which 12 civilians were killed , the deaths of five members of the Abu Halima family and the wounding of five others .
These included the badly burnt Sabah Abu Halima 44 , who lost three of her children , in the Siyafa village on the edge of Atatra in northern Gaza when a phosphorus - bearing artillery shell hit their house .
The accounts given to HRW broadly corroborate those given by family members to journalists in Gaza in January , including from The Independent , which found one of the sour - smelling phosphorus wedges outside the house .
HRW says it found no evidence that Hamas was using civilians as human shields in the area at the time of the cases of white phosphorus shelling it examined .
And it called on the United States , as the main supplier to Israel of white phosphorus munitions to investigate whether they were used in violation of international law .
HRW says that of the white phosphorus shells it found in Gaza were made in 1989 Thiokol Aerospace , which was running the Louisiana Army Ammunition Plant at the time
The IDF orginally denied that it was using white phosphorus but later said that it use was in accordance with international law .
The HRW report says that the apparently frequent use in cases where there were not even ground troops in the area " strongly suggests that the IDF [ Israel Defence Forces ] was not using the munition for its obscurant qualities but rather for its incendiary effect " .
That was contested in an Israel Defence Forces response issued last night which said that the military 's investigation of its use of " smoke shells " was close to conclusion and that based on the findings at this stage " it was already possible to conclude that the IDF 's use of them was " in accordance with international law " .
It added that claims of indiscriminate use were " baseless " .
It added that the third protocol on certain conventional weapons – though not signed by Israel – did not class " weapons used for screening " as " incendiary "
A burning issue : Weapon or flare ?
White phosphorus , known as Willy Pete , ignites when exposed to the air .
It is not banned by international law so long as it is used to create a smoke screen to protect advancing troops or to illuminate targets .
However , the 1980 Geneva treaty stipulates it must not be used as an offensive weapon in densely - populated areas , where civilians can sustain severe burns .
A very common technique is to use Maybe to represent a possibly failing function as in :
lookup :: Eq a => a -> [ ( a , b ) ] ->
Maybe b lookup k ( ( k ' , v ) : _ ) | k == k' =
Just v lookup k ( _:xs ) = lookup k xs lookup k [ ] = Nothing
lookup :: ( Monad m , Eq a ) => a -> [ ( a , b ) ] -> m b lookup k ( ( k ' , v ) : _ ) | k == k' = return v lookup k ( _:xs ) = lookup k xs lookup k [ ] = fail " key not found "
rather than force the use of maybe , let your function work with any monad whatsoever .now , since Maybe is an instance of Monad , your new function can be used anywhere your old one could have been without change , plus you can use it in any state / io / parser / list / whatever monad seamlessly .
this also works the other way , if you have to use code which returns maybe , you can use it as a monad , see ExceptionMonad
- JohnMeacham
You could also use Continuation PassingStyle , but UsingMonads is probably better .
Is there an argument for abstracting the failure behaviour out of Monad ?
class Failable m where fail :: String -> m a class Monad m where ( >>= ) :: m a -> ( a -> m b ) -> m b return :: a -> m a
( Error fixed ; thanks , Stefan . )
- AndrewBromage
I 've always felt a little disgusted by fail in the Monad class .
( Also , firstly I confused it with mzero ) .
- StefanLjungstrand
Answer to self :
No there is n't .
The failure behaviour is there to support PatternMatching in ?
DoNotation .
- AndrewBromage
How the failure behaviour is there to support PatternMatching in ?
DoNotation ?
I agreed with StefanLjungstrand at first , but upon reading the translation of do - notation in the report it makes sense for fail to be in Monad for pragmatic reasons ( I guess one could change the translation depending on whether the class was in MonadPlus ( or a ? MonadZero class ) ) .
The usual translation of p <- m one sees is m >>= \p -> ... the actual translation as defined in the report is let ok p = ...; ok _ = fail " ... " in m >>= ok .
The result is that pattern match failure calls fail rather than throws an exception .
So in the List monad say , you could do do Just x <- xs;return x to get the behavior of collecting all defined values and discarding Nothings .
Since list comprehension notation is more or less equivalent to the list monad [ x | Just x <- xs ] has the same behavior .
- DerekElkins
CategoryIdiom
I do n't know what this is and I do n't care .
It may be a MacBook Mini concept .
Or a crazy leak .
Or just a perfect fake .
Whatever .
It 's beautiful .
I want .
[ Updated with pictures ] .
Advertisement
According to a 9to5 reader , this perfect rendering , photoshop , or whatever the hell it is came inside a Russian magazine .
My knowledge of Russian does n't go beyond " hey , wanna dance ? " , " cheers , " and " you have beautiful blue eyes , let 's go back to mine " so I do n't have a clue about what this page is saying .
If you speak the language of Dostoyevsky , drop me a line because I want to know .
Advertisement
Whatever they claim it is , I do n't care .
It just looks too good and perfect to be true — which is why I want it to be real :
It 's exactly as I can imagine it will be .
And with the perfect , dream technical specs to boot :
• 10.4 " WXGA display .
• 1280 x 768 pixel with LED backlighting .
• NVIDIA MCP79
• Intel Atom Z740 1.83GHz with 1MB L2 cache .
• 2GB DDR3 -800 .
• NVIDIA GeForce 9400M
• 64GB Solid State Drive .
• Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR , Wi -Fi 802.
11a/b/g/n
• 1 x USB 2.0
• 1 x Mini Display Port
• Battery Li-Ion 5100 mA
Update : Added comparison shot with a Mac Book Air
Advertisement
Click to viewAccording to them , it will come sometime in 2009 for $ 899 .
You know , delivered to your door by ten flying Russian mail order brides , all of them virgin .
Or something like that . [ 9to5 ]
President Obama touted his plan for developing high - speed railways Thursday , detailing how $ 13 billion in federal money would act as a “ down payment ” on creating speedier passenger train service .
“ High - speed rail is long overdue , and this plan lets American travelers know that they are not doomed to a future of long lines at the airports or jammed cars on the highways , ” Obama said .
“ There ’s no reason why we ca n’t do this . ”
The proposal lists the long - planned rail corridor from Los Angeles to San Francisco as one that could receive funding , as well as a network featuring Chicago as the hub of a system reaching to Minneapolis , Detroit , Cleveland , Indianapolis and St. Louis .
“ The Midwest has some good planning going on , ” Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said .
“ If you look at the Chicagoland area , the Metra system delivers thousands of people into the city every day , and obviously it ’s conceivable that those people could get on a high - speed rail line and go somewhere . ”
Advertisement
Also possible are high - speed rail lines in Florida , Texas and the Pacific Northwest , as well as an expansion of the nation ’s only existing high - speed rail system , which runs from Washington to Boston .
The plan is no surprise , with $ 8 billion coming from January ’s economic stimulus package and $ 5 billion potentially coming from Obama ’s budget over the next five years .
The administration has not announced the criteria on which it will award funding , but it aims to release money by the end of the summer .
Vukan Vuchic , a University of Pennsylvania professor of transportation engineering , agreed with Obama that federal support for high - speed rail was long overdue .
Advertisement
“ We are , frankly , several decades behind if we compare ourselves with our peer countries , ” Vuchic said .
“ The country badly needs high - speed rail in all these regions . ”
At the same time , the administration plan drew some skepticism .
Creating the corridors would require massive subsidies from federal and state governments for a service that few people would use , said James Moore , professor of industrial and systems engineering at the USC .
“ There ’s just not a lot of room for high - speed rail to compete in the U.S. market , ” he said .
Advertisement
California officials who hope to build a rail line that would whisk passengers between Los Angeles and San Francisco in 2 hours and 40 minutes welcomed Obama ’s enthusiasm for high - speed rail .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger declared that California was “ far ahead of any other high - speed rail system in the nation ” and cited voter approval of nearly $ 10 billion of bonds for the project .
California ’s proposed project would initially run between Anaheim and San Francisco at a cost of $ 34 billion , taking 10 years to build , and would eventually go to Sacramento and San Diego .
Although a long - discussed high - speed rail line from Las Vegas to Anaheim was not included on a White House map of those likely to receive funding , supporters said they would seek a share of the federal money to advance the project .
Advertisement
--
bmeyerson@tribune.com
richard.simon@latimes.com
Casino games bring endless hours of entertainment and enjoyment to Lotto 4d players .
Moreover , they also bring lucrative payouts that can make you rich , as long as you choose the right games .
By the right games , we mean games that have a low house edge and a high return - to - player ( RTP ) rate , of course , as these two factors play an essential role for payouts .
It is essential to remember that every 711 kelab Online Casino game has a unique house edge .
Your chances of winning depend to a great extent on that number , and that is why you should not underestimate it .
Another major factor is the RTP , which shows the predicted return percentage in the long run .
The higher the RTP , the better .
With this in mind , it is usually considered that games that involve skills offer the highest chances of winning , as such games allow you to influence the outcome .
Blackjack
Blackjack is a popular card game , that is well - known for its low house edge .
The game is enjoyed by many , as it involves a lot of skills which allows players to influence the outcome of each hand .
In Blackjack , the house edge primarily depends on the number of decks used .
Conventional Blackjack has a house edge of about 1 % , but this can be reduced by using an appropriate strategy .
Another thing to remember is that different variations of Blackjack offer a distinct house edge .
We suggest playing games like Blackjack Switch and Spanish 21 , as these come with an incredibly low house edge .
The former has a house edge of 0.17 % , and the latter has a house edge of 0.38 % .
Video Poker
Many wrongly believe that Video Poker is a game of chance .
In reality , the game has nothing to do with slots because a suitable strategy can influence the outcome of every hand .
Remember that different video poker machines often have a distinct house edge , so you might have to check which of the machines come with the lowest house edges .
Just like Blackjack , Video Poker also has variations , some of which are much more profitable than others .
It is believed that 9/6 games are the most favourable variation ; those are played on full pay machines .
Roulette
Playing Roulette is easy due to the simplicity of the wheel .
Roulette is mostly regarded as a game of chance because it is impossible to influence the outcome of each spin .
Nevertheless , if you study several betting systems , you will be able to make wiser decisions .
Furthermore , you can win on Roulette even without using a strategy .
All you have got to do is use the outer bets .
Besides , you should know that different types of Roulette come with a specific house edge .
For example , American Roulette , which has an additional zero section , has a house edge of 5.26 % .
On the other hand , European and French Roulette has a house edge of just 2.70 % .
This cat begging money was spotted in one of the cities of Belarus .
He stays in one place with a note that reads “ need money for meat and fish , bless you ” .
He does n’t leave his place and protects the money just with his sight .
His owner was found nearby .
It was an old lady .
She told the story that she had rescued the cat from the slaughterers , but at that time she had already owned some pets and could n’t feed them all , so she decided to let the pets earn the money for themselves .
via belrabota.com
PHP is far and away the most popular backend programming language today , with more than 80 websites worldwide taking advantage of PHP solutions .
All of the most popular CMS platforms – including WordPress , Joomla ! , and Drupal ( just to name a few ) leverage this technology .
It ’s flexibility and versatility make it a powerhouse programming language , but that does n’t necessarily mean that it is as secure as it could or should be “ right out of the box ” , so to speak .
It ’s popularity , it ’s widespread adaptation , and its relatively easy to learn structure has made PHP a major target for cyber criminals and hackers to exploit .
This is why it ’s mission - critical that you harden your PHP files server - side as much as possible , protecting your server , your content , and your visitors from these kinds of dangerous exploits .
PHP can be hardened manually as well as with patching protocols .
Below we highlight the steps you ’ll want to take to make sure that your PHP installation is as locked down as possible .
Locate the PHP Config File You ’re Hardening on Your Server
The very first step in hardening your PHP installation is first finding the PHP configuration file on your server to begin with .
Depending on the hosting that you are taking advantage of ( the actual provider as well as the type of hosting you have selected ) it can be in a variety of different locations .
The best way to quickly locate this critical file is to simply do a server - side search for “ PHP.ini ” as this is the actual file that you ’ll want to modify , edit , and harden moving forward .
Editing the File on Shared Hosting
Individuals looking to harden their PHP on a shared hosting platform will have a bit of a tougher hill to climb , if only because most providers do not offer root access to the server with this level of hosting .
You ’ll have to contact your hosting provider directly to see if you can edit the main PHP .ini file itself .
In the event that you are n’t allowed this kind of access , you can still request to have access to the “ .
HTaccess ” file on your server to make the changes you need to .
You wo n’t be able to make changes quite as quickly this way as you would have been able to with a patch ( like we highlight below ) , but you can manually make individual line edits to your PHP settings this way to enjoy a higher level of security .
Shared hosting may still have limitations on the PHP elements you can edit no matter how much access you are granted .
If you want total control over hardening your PHP ( and total control over the security of your web platform ) , it ’s not a bad idea to move to Dedicated or VPS servers as soon as possible .
Editing the File on Dedicated / VPS servers
If you are moving forward with a Virtual Private Server ( VPS ) or Dedicated server set up the process for hardening your PHP is a lot easier , though it ’s still not as quick as applying a server wide patch like we highlight below .
In the backend administration toolset of your server solution you ’ll find a tool called the Web Host Manager .
This is usually located under the “ Service Configuration ” settings option in your backend dashboard .
This tool is going to allow you to select the PHP Configuration Editor , and editor that allows you to make changes to your PHP.ini file through a more user - friendly interface than actually downloading the file , opening it up in Notepad or a similar application , and then making the edits individually with the actual source code itself .
There are a handful of individual settings that you ’re going to want to reconfigure manually when taking this approach to hardening your PHP installation , including ( but not limited to ) :
• Remote Connections
• Run Time Settings
• Input Data Restrictions
• Error Handling
• Restrict File Access
• File Uploads
• Session Security
• Soap Cache
… And that ’s just the tip of the iceberg .
Use a Patch like Suhosin to Harden PHP Almost Instantly
The big attraction behind PHP is that it is so easy to learn , so easy to develop with , and about as flexible as a programming language gets – and that ’s why a lot of people feel comfortable hardening their PHP manually , running line by line through their PHP.ini file and doing the heavy lifting of securing their system on their own .
And while you may be a top - tier programmer and feel completely confident in your coding prowess , the truth of the matter is that if you allow ANY coding from ANY outside developers to run on your server you ’ll still have vulnerabilities that you may not be able to address independently – vulnerabilities that can compromise your entire platform .
This is why patching your PHP systemwide is such a savvy move , and why so many developers , programmers , and website / web application owners utilizing PHP decide to move forward with a solution like Suhosin .
Engineered specifically to provide an advanced layer of protection to PHP installations , the Suhosin patch is a dual action component that provides a level of hardening that may not be possible through any other manual approach .
On the one hand , Suhosin works to patch the PHP core on your server .
This allows this patch to protect against issues like format string vulnerabilities , buffer overflows , and other issues that may plague your as of yet unsecured PHP installation .
On the other hand , Suhosin also acts as an extension to the PHP that has already been installed on your server .
This extension runs 24/7 , around - the - clock , to protect against all kinds of vulnerabilities ( including runtime vulnerabilities ) as well as individual session issues while adding a whole host of logging , filtering , and administrative tools at the same time .
Best of all , the installation of this PHP hardening patch is about as simple and as straightforward as it gets .
All of the features it has to offer exist within its extension module and “ flipping the switch ” to allow that extension to run is as easy as activating the individual extension inside of the PHP.ini file .
Sometimes you ’ll have to manually add a couple of extra Configuration Directives to trigger the full suite of extension capabilities , but most of the time the Suhosin patch works just as soon as the edits to the PHP .ini file go live .
Interesting note for those who insist on buying at the big - box retailers for their groceries : they do not always have the best prices on meat products .
Case in point ; a trip to the large retailer found that whole chickens were about $ 1.50 .
The local meat market was selling them for the same price .
But , they were fresh , not frozen .
The item that the local guys did carry that was better was chicken tenders .
At the large retailer , the price was over $ 6.00 per pound , while the local market was just $ 2.49 per pound – big difference .
And , on frozen ground beef patties , the big boys were over $ 8.00 per bag and the local guys were just under $ 5.00 for the same bag .
Compare prices .
You are always wise to compare prices , but even that has its limitations if you have to drive long distances .
But , making a call before you go , or checking the ads in your local paper can help you determine where to spend your money .
If you limit your shopping to the closest retailers , you can make comparisons by checking prices at one , and then make a short trip a few miles away to the other .
Shop local .
More and more , the locally owned stores are finding ways to compete with the big guys .
Make sure you watch your local paper for specials of the week .
Also , you might find a smaller retailer that will give a price matching guarantee .
Not all retailers do this , but it is worth a try .
In fact , even if they do not offer it , you should ask anyway .
A smart retailer knows that it is better to make a smaller win over the big retailer rather than get nothing at all .
Buy only what you need .
Make a list of what you will purchase in advance .
One of the worst ways of overspending is to go into a big store with no list , and come out with a lot of impulse purchases .
If you know what you need going in , you will be less inclined to buy what you do not need while you are there .
Also , avoid going shopping on an empty stomach .
That is another one of the ways your cart gets so full of food so very quickly .
Plan for leftovers .
Making more than enough food for one meal is not a bad thing if you can use it again later .
Leftovers are usually very good when re-heated .
If you plan for a ‘ leftover ’ night , most family members will not complain .
Just make sure you inform them of why you are doing it .
Changing your mindset about where to buy certain items can save money – and not just on food items .
And we all can certainly use more of that these days .
HINGHAM , Mass . --
Firefighters went out on thin ice Friday afternoon to rescue a dog that fell into the slushy water .
Olly , a 2 - year - old black lab , ran onto the ice after some geese when he got stranded 100 feet into Hingham Harbor .
Firefighters went out onto the unsafe ice to rescue Olly .
" I said come on buddy , you got to give me a hand and he actually had enough energy to come towards me , " said Jim Sheard , of the Hingham Fire Dept .
Sheard said that they were able to make a connection , but at this point they were both exhausted .
" I was able to pull his collar underneath my hands and his leash wrapped around my foot , so I had two points of connection with the animal , " said Sheard .
Two other firefighters worked hard to bring Sheard and Olly to land .
Olly was taken to a truck to warm up and then taken to the vet in good condition .
" Dogs definitely have a sense that your there to help , " said Sheard .
thefickler writesbyMultiple readers have pointed out that the issue here is not the location of the base — it 's simply that details of buildings and objects within the base ( such as the location of a pair of nuclear submarines ) are accidentally visible after the UK government specifically requested they be blurred out .
Advertisements
There ’s always something new in the realm of indoor and outdoor lighting .
Though we ’ve featured many spectacular lighting innovations in the past , here are some more for your viewing pleasure – everything from illuminated umbrellas to soy fat lightbulbs to cell phone - controlled street lights .
New energy efficient lighting for indoors
Remind yourself that light does n’t get created out of nothing by doing a little work for your illumination .
This math challenge lamp by Mingyu Jeung requires you to do a little calculation before the light can be switched on .
In a true fusion of nature and technology DRIFT designer Lonneke Gordijn of the Netherlands has combined dandelionseeds and LED lights in this evocative design called Dandelight .
Securing each individual seed to the LED light makes them relatively durable , but they should be handled with care .
From Amsterdam designer Jonas Samson , here ’s another light - emitting wallpaper option .
His subtle Asian - inspired options can either be illuminated or not depending on your mood , and when “ off ” it ’s indistinguishable from regular wallpaper .
From Droog Design by NEXT Architects , this Slow Glow light is filled with soya oil ( no mercury ! ) .
Once called the fatlamp , when switched on the bulb slowly warms , turning the solidified oil into liquid which becomes increasingly luminescent minute by minute .
Ever find you ’re stumbling about in the shower looking for that dropped bar of soap ?
No more !
With the ECOlight Water Powered Shower Light by Sylvania you can wash your lighting woes away .
This battery - free device installs easily , is powered by the water you ’re using to wash , and provides just enough light for a soothing morning shower using a soft LED bulb .
Just when we thought OLEDs were the only thing in new lighting designs , Seattle - based Vu1 comes up with a new alternative : the Electron Stimulated Luminescence ( ESL ) bulb .
Using accelerated electrons to stimulate phosphor to create a “ glowing ” light , ESLs produce the same quality light as CFLs but with less energy .
And unlike expensive LEDs and mercury - laden CFLs , ESLs are both mercury - free and affordable .
But even with the most efficient bulbs on the planet , we sometimes forget to turn off the lights .
Blink eliminates the worry of leaving lights on when they ’re not needed by using a photocell - controlled switch to turn lights off when it ’s sunny outside .
Outdoor power - saving lighting innovations
No longer do we have to light empty streets .
The Dial4 Light technology allows cell phone users to turn streetlamps on only when they ’re needed , keeping them lit for a 15 - minute grace period until you ’re safely away .
Could save cities 25 percent in light electricity bills .
You can sing in the rain all you like with this LED - illuminated umbrella known as the LightDrops Umbrella by Sang - Kyun Park .
This innovative lighting design turns the potential energy of raindrops into electrical energy with a polyvinylidene fluoride ( PDVF ) conductive membrane .
The bigger the downpour , the brighter the light .
Lighting streets with energy - free lamps just got more engaging with these wind - powered Firewinder lights .
Designed by UKer Tom Lawton , the Firewinder powers the LED lights with even a light breeze as it spins on a horizontal axis , providing light and a show all in one .
In another wind - light design , this Light Wind option is modeled after Dutch windmills and can store energy for those times when the wind speed is low .
And just in case you ’re without wind , this wind - solar hybrid streetlamp will do the trick , providing illumination come cloudy or windless day .
Twelve Major Brands That Will Disappear
A number of well - known brands disappeared in the last year in large part due to economic forces .
Many of them were in the retail industry , led by Circuit City .
ATA and Aloha airlines are gone .
Gateway Computers has effectively disappeared after being bought by Acer .
It still has a website , but the brand is no longer marketed .
As the recession deepens and stretches out quarter after quarter , more companies will close or will shut divisions .
More brands will disappear because their parents firms fold or can no longer afford to support them .
Other brands will be obliterated by mergers .
24/7 Wall St. examined 100 large brands that are facing troubled futures .
The analysis included records for those brands that are public companies or part of public companies .
We considered sales information , information from industry experts , and brand histories .
We also looked at the level of competition in each brand ’s market and the extent to which that competition is growing .
We examined the likelihood that a brand could be sold or spun off in cases where parent companies are in financial trouble .
We have compiled a list of 12 brands that will we believe will not survive until the end of next year .
Each brand and the major reasons for its demise are listed along with some of the public information 24/7 Wall St. examined .
1. Avis / Budget ( CAR ) operates two car rental businesses .
The primary competition for the company is Hertz ( HTZ ) .
Both firms are facing significant problems paying down their debt .
Barclays Capital analyst Brian A. Johnson said the companies are “ facing an almost perfect storm , with increasing pressure on both revenues and costs , coupled with very large risks on the liquidity and operational side . ”
There is real risk that Avis may violate its credit facility covenants .
As the travel industry continues to falter , problems at Avis / Budget are going to get worse .
The company has said that it plans to operate both brands .
Their financial statements indicate that will become increasingly difficult .
Avis is the larger operation with 5,100 locations to Budget ’s 2,750 , according to the company ’s 10 - K. Avis / Budget lost money each of the last three years and in 2008 lost $ 1.1 billion on revenue of $ 6 billion .
As sales drop through 2009 , Avis / Budget will find it impossible to support the costs of maintaining two brands .
The Budget brand will have to be eliminated .
CAR trades for $ 1 down from a 52 - week high of $ 18 .
2. Borders ( BGP ) has struggled for several years as the No.2 operator of book store behind Barnes & Noble .
When Border ’s released its last set of earnings it said it would cut the number of Waldendbooks stores from about 300 to 50 or 60 .
With Border ’s losses , that wo n’t be enough .
The pressure from online book operations led by Amazon ( AMZN ) and new e-book readers is overwhelming Borders .
In the fourth quarter of last year , sales at Border ’s branded stores dropped 15.3 % .
For the full year 2008 , Borders lost $ 157 million on revenue of $ 2.8 billion .
Borders recently extended its $ 42.5 million senior secured term loan with Pershing Square Capital Management , moving the due date to April 1 , 2010 .
That may be the day that Borders goes away .
Border ’s shares trade at $ 1.47 , down from a 52 - week high of $ 8.02 .
3. Crocs ( CROX ) sold the fastest growing footwear in America at one point .
In late 2007 , the company ’s shares traded at more than $ 72 .
Now they change hands at well below $ 2 .
At the end of March , Crocs got a six - month extension of a critical credit facility .
According to Reuters , “ Crocs Inc averted a cash crunch by winning an 11th - hour credit facility extension with a California bank , but analysts say the jury is still out on whether the struggling brand can turn around . ”
Two weeks before the credit extension , the company ’s auditors gave the firm a “ going concern ” letter , an indication that there would be reasonable chance that Crocs would make it another year .
In the fourth quarter of 2008 , Crocs lost $ 43 million after making $ 55 million in the same period the year before .
Revenue fell from $ 225 million in the last quarter of 2007 to $ 126 million .
Crocs wo n’t make it through the year .
4. Saturn was created by former GM ( GM ) CEO Roger Smith to be the company ’s platform for manufacturing and marketing innovation .
GM , now faced with bankruptcy , will almost certainly close its poorly performing brands .
In the first quarter , Saturn sales dropped 59 % to 19,843 .
GM ca n’t afford to support a brand with poor sales that are falling at such a rapid pace .
5. Esquire Magazine is published by Hearst which is having substantial problems in both its newspaper and magazine divisions .
Hearst recently threatened to close The San Francisco Chronicle after losing tens of millions of dollars during the last several years .
It kept the paper open after the staff agreed to huge cuts .
At about the same time , Hearst closed its paper in Seattle .
The collapse in print advertising has pushed revenue at most of Hearst ’s large magazines down by double digits after a bad year in 2008 .
Flagship titles such as Good Housekeeping and Cosmopolitan have been hit especially hard .
Hearst is going to have to cut some of its anemic magazine titles .
Esquire is among the weakest of the major men ’s magazines on the basis of advertising page performance .
Through April , ad pages at the magazine dropped 27 % to 206 .
Men ’s magazines are one of the most crowded categories in the industry .
Esquire is up against GQ , Details , Men ’s Journal , Maxim , and a number of men ’s fitness and health publications .
The men ’s magazines which are performing the most poorly will not last long .
Big publishers such as Hearst and Conde Nast have already proven that they will cut what they have to in a brutal environment .
6. Gap ( GAP ) Old Navy and Banana Republic .
Gap is a three - brand company living in a two - brand body .
In March , same - store sales for the Gap North America flagship brand were off 14 % following a 14 % drop in the same month in 2008 .
Sales at Old Navy were flat for the same month but dropped 27 % in March 2008 .
Sales at Banana Republic were off 16 % this year and 8 % last year .
Gap announced that year - to - date net sales were $ 2.08 billion for the nine weeks that ended April 4 , 2009 , a decrease of 9 % compared with net sales of $ 2.28 billion for the nine weeks that ended April 5 , 2008 .
Old Navy has more stores than Banana Republic , 1,067 compared to 573 .
In the fourth quarter of last year , Gap had less than a 6 % operating margin on $ 4.1 billion in revenue .
In other words , if same - store sales at the company continue to drop 15 % month after month , Gap is going to run into problems .
Old Navy is still the weakest brand of the lot .
Gap will have to close it down .
7. Architectural Digest Magazine has lost 47 % of its ad pages this year .
The magazine is owned by Conde Nast which is controlled by the Newhouse family .
Newhouse is having significant financial problems with both its newspaper operations , which used to be very profitable , and its magazine group .
Architectural Digest is operating in an environment where high - end home sales and expensive redecorating have been driven out of the market .
It is also up against a number of other home and shelter magazines .
Publications which are losing nearly half of their ad pages are almost certainly not going to make it for another year no matter what subjects they cover .
Conde Nast has already closed or cut back several of its magazines .
8 . The Chrysler brand of Chrysler LLC faces a problem similar to the one that GM faces with its weakest brands .
As the company filed for bankruptcy with government support , the automaker knows that it cannot support product design , manufacturing , and marketing for all of its brands .
An analysis of Chrysler LLC sales by division shows that the Chrysler brand has substantially worse sales than Dodge or Jeep .
Through the first quarter , Chrysler sales dropped 61 % to 45,706 .
The only nameplate within the brand that sold more than 20,000 vehicles was the Town & Country which could almost certainly be moved to the Dodge division .
Dodge and Jeep both sold substantially more cars than the Chrysler brand even thought their sales were down 40 % .
When the company is restructuring Chrysler will be gone .
9. Eddie Bauer ( EBHI ) stock trades at $ .38 now .
Just last September it changed hands at more than $ 8 .
The company has said that it may violate debt covenants this year .
According to the AP , the company also has severe competitive problems .
“ The retailer is facing an uphill battle because its merchandise does n’t stand out among competitors such as outdoor retailer Recreational Equipment Inc. , according to Janet Hoffman , managing partner of the global retail practice of Accenture . ”
In the fourth quarter of 2008 , Bauer lost $ 128 million on revenue of $ 369 million .
The company ’s current S&P rating is about as low as it could be — CCC -.
Eddie Bauer could be out of business by mid-year .
10 . Palm ( PALM ) has been at death ’s door for some time .
It prospects have improved recently and the company has one last chance to become viable when it launches its new “ Pre ” product .
Recent research shows that almost no one who owns an Apple ( AAPL ) iPhone or RIM ( RIMM )
Blackberry will switch to the new smartphone , so Palm will have to essentially expand the market to get share for its new device during a recession .
The “ Pre ” will also be sold exclusively though Sprint ( S ) , the No.3 cellular carrier in the US which has been losing subscribers consistently for more than two years .
The launch of the “ Pre ” is a disaster in the making .
Palm ’s results for the quarter that ended on February 27th were awful , failing to meet Wall St ’s modest expectations .
Palm sold only 482,000 handsets for the period , down 42 % from the same quarter the year before .
Revenue dropped from $ 312 million to $ 91 million , and Palm lost $ 95 million .
Palm brought in just over $ 100 million with the help of its largest shareholder , Elevation Partners , in a recent financing .
The bottom line is that Palm has no chance of getting an even modest part of the smartphone market in a severe economic downturn since it competes with two of the premier technology companies in the world — Apple and RIM .
Palm wo n’t be in business in a year .
11 . AIG ( AIG ) may be the only large company in America that both the management and federal government want torn apart .
If AIG succeeds in selling most of its divisions it will be able to repay more than $ 100 billion in government loans and investments .
The figure may be closer to $ 150 billion depending on how the federal money is accounted for .
Uncle Sam also owns 80 % of AIG ’s shares .
There are two reasons that the AIG brand , once the premier insurance brand in the world , will disappear .
The first is that most of the companies owned by AIG do not bear its name .
AIG owns ten general insurance companies with names such as New Hampshire Insurance Company and The Hartford Steam Boiler Inspection and Insurance Company .
Several of AIG ’s life insurance companies do not have AIG in their titles .
AIG ’s most valuable financial services company is probably the aircraft leasing operation , International Lease Finance Corporation .
AIG is now a “ toxic ” brand .
Its operating groups will do their best to distance themselves from the company even while they are owned by AIG .
Once they become independent of part of other companies , these operations will end whatever attachment they have had with AIG even if it means changing their names .
AIG may be the one large brand in America which almost everyone would like to see disappear .
12 . The travel industry has been so badly damaged by the economy that the airline industry faces substantial overcapacity .
There is almost no question that two of the large US flag carriers will have to merge to avoid the bankruptcy of another American airline .
United Airlines ( UAUA ) is among the three weakest carriers in the US .
AMR ( AMR ) and US Air ( LCC ) complete the list .
The stocks of all three companies are down more thank 40 % so far this year as concerns mount that passenger traffic declines will accelerate as the recession gets worse .
The sales loses are being partially offset by a drop in fuel prices and cuts in routes and airplanes , but the benefit of those reductions has already mostly occurred .
When the economy or fuel prices are bad for a prolonged period , airlines turn to the two behaviors which have been their modes operandi in the past — mergers and bankruptcy .
If the revenue problems facing the industry get worse , a stronger carrier such as Continental ( CAL ) is almost certain takeover one of its weakened peers .
At United , total consolidated revenue passenger miles ( RPMs ) decreased in March .
Not only are the numbers of passengers dropping , but as BusinessWeek pointed out two weeks ago , airlines are cutting ticket charges sharply because “ there are relatively strong indications that bookings for the spring and summer — especially for business - class tickets — may be far softer than carriers had expected . ”
And , United has indicated that the quarter that just ended will not be as good as Wall St. had hoped .
Avondale Partners analyst Bob McAdoo recently wrote “ Despite the deepest capacity cuts in the industry , UAL expects declines in [ first - quarter unit revenue ] that are slightly worse than what other legacies have recently guided to . ”
In the fourth quarter of last year , United generated negative $ 989 million in operating cash flow and negative $ 1.1 billion of free cash flow , defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures .
United cut a deal with its largest credit card processor in terms of the cash balances it needs to maintain .
The card company gets a security interest in some United aircraft in exchange .
The deal extends until January of next year .
United needs a way out of all this trouble .
It has already been through a bankruptcy recently .
A “ merger ” is a much more likely alternative now .
As TWA learned when it was bought by AMR , the company being bought gets to keep its brand around but fairly quickly a new logo gets painted on the planes .
Douglas A. McIntyre
Fighting game fans that do n't have access to a current - gen console have been waiting for Street Fighter IV for a long time .
Capcom 's high - profile fighter continues a nearly twenty year tradition and it has finally hit the PC landscape , following a rather successful romp on the PS3 and 360 .
Although there are some important notes to make regarding the PC version , Street Fighter IV is still a great title and one of the most enjoyable fighting games I 've played in the past few years .
Capcom has managed to strip away the baggage that has accumulated around the series and returned to the franchise 's roots .
The result is a game that plays very much like a purified , simple fighter -- but with several modern enhancements to enrich the combat .
If you 've been playing Street Fighter for years , this game will feel like an old friend .
If you 're completely new to the scene , Street Fighter IV is a great place to start .
Look+out , +Ryu !
Don't+worry+ladies+--+Ken+is+back .
Street Fighter has traditionally been a game focused on one - on - one combat on a 2D plane .
Over the years , the roster has evolved and various tweaks have been made to the formula , but the core components remain to this day .
Street Fighter IV lets you select a character and square off against another warrior in the ring .
Each character has a variety of normal attacks and Special Moves to take advantage of , but the actual gameplay boils down to a balance between raw physical skill and the mind games that play out between players .
The beauty of Street Fighter IV stems from how approachable the game is and how it can be enjoyed on so many different levels .
For those gamers interested in grabbing trusty ol '
Ryu and diving into the mix , things will feel natural and there 's no need to obsess over learning all the subtle details and nuances that make up the fighting game experience .
However , there 's so much flowing beneath the surface of Street Fighter IV 's mechanics that long - time fans will have plenty to learn and re-master if they want to truly understand the gameplay .
For example , one of the newest systems in Street Fighter IV is the Focus system , which allows a character to charge up an attack that will knock an opponent down if it connects properly .
For a beginner , the Focus Attack is n't necessarily needed to win .
He or she could simply rely on the traditional assortment of fireballs and dragon punches to get by and have a good time doing it .
But if the Focus Attack seems appealing , performing it is a piece of cake -- just hold down both Medium Punch and Medium Kick together and charge it up .
With a simple input , the player now has access to an attack that adds another layer to the combat .
But that 's not all there is to the Focus system .
Players who want to dig even deeper into the technical elements of it all will learn that the Focus Attack can also absorb a single oncoming strike without being interrupted .
Although you take damage for the absorption , that damage will heal given time .
In this way , the Focus Attack becomes a defensive technique as well as an offensive one and offers even more strategy for players to consider .
And there 's even more .
You can also cancel a Focus Attack mid-charge by dashing out of it , which can help you play tricks on your opponent .
Or , you can expend a portion of your Super meter ( which I 'll touch on shortly ) to cancel a Special Move directly into a Focus Attack .
This single system depicts the broader Street Fighter IV picture : it 's so easy to pick up and play but there 's enough depth to keep even the most hardcore competitors satisfied .
There are a number of other systems in Street Fighter IV that players can keep track of .
There are two meters that can be used during a match : the Super meter and the Ultra meter .
The Super meter fills as you land attacks and fight normally , while the Ultra meter ( or Revenge gauge ) builds up as you take damage .
You can use the Super meter to execute Super Combos , which are elaborate attacks that can be chained together with normal techniques for some spectacular combinations .
On the other hand , you can use the Ultra meter to perform Ultra Combos , which are more cinematic , devastating attacks that can turn the tide of battle in your favor .
Once again , these systems can be enjoyed on a number of levels .
You can -- for the most part -- ignore them if you wish , or you can just wait for your meters to be filled and then attempt a Super / Ultra Combo .
But if you 're interested in even more technical applications , you can use a quarter of your Super meter to perform Ex versions of Special Moves , which generally strike in different ways than the normal versions .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Iranian scientists have reached " nuclear weapons breakout capability , " according to a new report based on findings of the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency .
A building housing the reactor at the Bushehr nuclear power plant in the Iranian port town of Bushehr .
The Institute for Science and International Security report concludes Iran does not yet have a nuclear weapon but does have enough low - enriched uranium for a single nuclear weapon .
But an official at the International Atomic Energy Agency cautioned about drawing such conclusions .
The IAEA says Iran 's stock of low - enriched uranium would have to be turned into highly enriched uranium to be weapons - grade material .
The official says Iran has not done that , and the IAEA 's monitors and surveillance equipment at the Natanz facility would be able to detect any such activity .
In addition , the official says , Iran would have to significantly upgrade its current enrichment facilities in order to make HEU for bombs .
The official says there is no evidence of any such activity .
Watch how Iran has defended its nuclear program »
The institute drew its conclusions from an IAEA report dated February 19 , 2009 .
An official in the IAEA confirmed the authenticity of the report for CNN , but did n't want to be named .
The IAEA report is posted on the Web site of ISIS , a Washington - based non-profit and non-partisan institution focused on stopping the spread of nuclear weapons .
It also finds that while Iran has dramatically increased installation of centrifuges that can be used for enriching uranium -- from 4,000 to 5,400 -- its scientists are n't using the new units yet .
They remain in " research and development mode . "
In the IAEA report , the agency also says no substantive progress has been made in resolving issues about possible " military dimensions " to Iran 's nuclear program .
Iran has consistently denied the weapons allegations , calling them " baseless " and " fabricated . "
Iran says its nuclear program is necessary to provide civilian energy for the country , but other countries have voiced concern that its true purpose is to produce nuclear weapons .
Nine people are being questioned by police following extensive damage at an arms factory where protesters claim military components are being made for Israeli warplanes bombing Gaza .
The group , which calls itself Smash EDO , entered the EDO MBM Technology plant in Moulsecoomb , Brighton , in the early hours of this morning .
During the incident computers and furniture were hurled from the windows of the Sussex factory .
Police described the damaged as " substantial " .
Demonstrators said they were " decommissioning " the site in protest against the killings of Palestinians in the Gaza Strip by the Israeli military .
They said equipment made at the plant was being used in Gaza by the Israeli air force .
DCI Graham Pratt of Sussex police said : " Windows had been smashed and offices turned over in what I would describe as wanton vandalism , but with machinery and equipment so targeted that it could have been done with a view of bringing business to a standstill .
The damage is significant and the value substantial . "
EDO MBM is the sole British subsidiary of US weapons company EDO Corp .
From its Moulescoomb base it manufactures laser - guided missiles that have been used extensively in Iraq , the Palestinian territories and Somalia .
The weapons were reportedly used by Israel against Lebanon in 2005 , and have also been allegedly used in the occupied Palestinian territories .
Thousands of people gathered this afternoon for demonstrations across the country in a third weekend of protests against the Israeli attacks on Gaza .
Organisers of a rally in Birmingham said more than 5,000 people had turned up in the city centre .
In London , the former Labour cabinet minister Tony Benn was among the speakers due to address crowds in Trafalgar Square .
He said : " It is a moral responsibility for all of us .
People are being killed not so far away from here , women and children . "
We have looked at so many different parts of BDSM , groups , anal , femdom , spanking , bondage , the list is endless , but we have only briefly mentioned public BDSM .
This is another part of BDSM that can be said to be a the more extreme side of it , to take a sub out in public and give them to a stranger to use , its not something everyone can do and to be honest in todays society it is something that needs to be done with extreme care and consideration .
That said there is something very erotic about leading your slave around the street with a collar and leash and with her ass hanging out .
There is not much mentioned on the internet about this practice , whether it is because it is a fetish not many partake in or whether its because its not that common I do n’t know , but I do know it is something I personally find very erotic and such a turn on .
a point to remember is that in most states this is illegal and you risk being thrown in jail if you are caught , telling them its ok as she is your slave is not a good idea either .
If this is something that you are interested in taking into your relationship then I would like to stress to take caution and be aware of what is happening around you , it might be something that you can look like tremendous fun but if you are not careful things can turn bad very quickly and it is your job as he Dom or Master to protect your property
This is also something that is used in Erotic Humiliation , click HERE to get your copy of my latest book , this is proving to be a subject many are interested in and its selling fast .
After last night ’s disappointing loss , I asked Matt Bradley if he had any comments on Sean Avery .
Apparently there has been a bit of press on this Avery guy , but Matt still answered the question , “ Everyone always talks about Avery , he ’s a good player , he plays the game well .
If you leave him alone , nothing happens .
That ’s basically what happened tonight I thought . ”
Then in the post game press conference , Bruce Boudreau was also asked about Avery , and he replied , “ I did n’t know , was he out there ? ”
So apparently the view from the bench is n’t as good as you would expect .
These guys were watching an entirely different game then the rest of us .
Of course Avery made an impact , of course they noticed him , however that was n’t on the script .
It seems like the Capitals have distributed some talking point on Mr. Sloppy Seconds .
They ca n’t deny that Avery was a major force in the game .
Let ’s take a look at some of the Invisible Man ’s highlights .
Avery interfered with Mike Green ( uncalled ) on the break which resulted in Scott Gomez going in alone against Theodore .
Gomez scored , thus shifting the momentum immediately after the Fleischman goal .
Avery , involved in a physical battle with John Erskine , drew a penalty for high sticking .
The ensuing power play netted an Antropov goal .
Avery checked Mike Green clear into the players bench , and then continued to pursue him even at the risk of getting skates to the face .
Avery has never been accused of being a smart player , and his decision making process here does n’t really help his case .
Not sure why the follow up jawing and contact by Avery was n’t assessed a penalty , but I guess that is playoff hockey .
Avery made contact with Jose Theodore after the whistle , the two exchanged words , and Sean then proceeded to push at Jose .
Scrum ensued , which included Sergei Fedorov cross checking Avery from behind , into the goal .
It was at this point that the Ranger ’s bench noticed that Sean was bleeding from the ear .
Again no penalties were given out , more of that “ playoff hockey ”
Of course there were several other minor incidents , but this was the Sean Avery highlight reel .
He did try to check Green on a few other occasions , but Mike was able to catch him with a couple of nice counter hits .
Several Capitals seemed to go out of their way to hit Avery back , including Ovechkin .
It was obvious to anyone watching the game that Sean Avery was a disruptive force , regardless of what the club position was on the topic .
I do n’t claim to have the answer of how you play against this guy .
To me this is the reason that I would love to have Sean Avery on my team .
Sure he is a pain in the ass , but he is much more of a pain in the ass to play against , then to play with .
He reminds me of Dale Hunter in that way .
Loved by the home team , hated everywhere else .
ADVERTISEMENT
China 's top banker proposes new world reserve currency Stephen C. Webster
Published : Monday March 23 , 2009
Print This Email This UPDATE ( at bottom ) : Moscow supports IMF super - currency
In an essay published Monday , the head of China 's central bank proposed a plan to displace the American dollar as the world 's standard and replace it with a global reserve currency operated from the International Monetary Fund .
" Zhou Xiaochuan , governor of the Peoples Bank of China , argued that what he called a super - sovereign reserve currency would not only eliminate the risks inherent in currencies such as the dollar , which are backed only by the credit of the issuing country and not by gold or silver , but would also make it possible to manage global liquidity , " reported the Times Online .
" But that 's unlikely to happen , says Robert Scott , senior international economist with the Economic Policy Institute , " reported Forbes .
" ' It 's partly posturing , it 's partly buyer 's remorse , ' he said , noting China , at some point , is going to have to let its yuan currency rise in value relative to the dollar 's current price  likely by upwards of 30.0 % .
That means China 's investments in U.S. dollars , via Treasuries , would lose a third of their value in yuan terms .
" ' hey 're getting hammered , ' Scott said .
Chinese leaders ' heavy investment in the U.S. economy has exposed them to domestic criticism . "
" Zhou made his call in an essay that appeared on the website of People 's Bank of China , China 's central bank , on Monday , " reported the Washington Post .
" It was clearly timed to make a splash in the run-up to the G20 meeting that starts in London on April 2 .
" Calling the use of the dollar as the world 's benchmark currency ' a rare special case in history , ' Zhou urged the ' creative reform of the existing international monetary system towards an international reserve currency . '
Zhou said the reserve currency , managed by the IMF , should be ' disconnected from individual nations and is able to remain stable in the long run . ' "
The IMF would operate such a currency via its " Special Drawing Right , " created in 1969 with " the potential to act as a super - sovereign reserve currency , " reported Times Online .
" The role of the SDR has not been put into full play due to limitations on its allocation and the scope of its uses .
However , it serves as the light in the tunnel for the reform of the international monetary system , " Zhou wrote in his essay .
He also emphasized his hope for the IMF currency 's supremacy over other dominant world benchmarks , such as the euro and the yen .
The technical and political hurdles to implementing the proposal are enormous , so even if backed by other nations , the proposal is unlikely to change the dollar 's role in the short term .
" ' The re-establishment of a new and widely accepted reserve currency with a stable valuation benchmark may take a long time , ' Mr. Zhou said " in a report by the Wall St. Journal .
" In remarks earlier Monday , one of Mr. Zhou 's deputies , Hu Xiaolian , also said that the dollar 's dominant position in international trade and investment is unlikely to change in the near future .
Ms.
Hu is in charge of reserve management as the head of China 's State Administration of Foreign Exchange .
" A spokeswoman for the U.S. Treasury declined to comment on Mr. Zhou 's views . "
UPDATE : Moscow supports IMF currency
In a little - circulated March 16 statement , the Kremlin said it will propose the IMF - based currency at April 's G20 meeting in London .
" The International Monetary Fund should investigate the possible creation of a new reserve currency , widening the list of reserve currencies or using its already existing Special Drawing Rights , or SDRs , as a ' superreserve currency accepted by the whole of the international community , ' the Kremlin said in a statement issued on its web site , " reported the Moscow Times .
" Russia also called for countries whose currencies currently have reserve status to adopt international rules on fiscal and macroeconomic discipline , " noted Reuters .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Like a mirror image of Elvis Presley 's life , this poem written by the King of Rock ' n '
Roll starts with promise and then ends in sudden , unforeseen tragedy .
The handwritten poem -- which is part of the massive Elvis auction going on at gottahaverockandroll.com -- is called " Ode to a Robin , " and was sometimes recited by Elvis on stage and at one point was used as the answering machine message at his home .
A Flexible Approach
We cover news and events related to the nonprofit sector , provide opinion pieces to spark conversation , connect people to new ideas and trends , and draw on the history of civil society in order to bring perspective to the challenges of today .
Fresh details are emerging from Israel 's strike on an alleged arms convoy in Sudan , disclosed last week .
For once , the drones only played a supporting role ( despite earlier reports to the contrary ) .
The flesh - and - blood pilots were the ones dropping the bombs .
The January hit involved " dozens of aircraft , " according to * Time * magazine .
" F - 16 fighter - bombers carried out two runs on the convoy , while F - 15
fighter planes circled overhead as a precaution in case hostile aircraft were scrambled from Khartoum or a nearby country .
After the first bombing run , drones mounted with high - resolution cameras passed over the burning trucks .
The video showed that the convoy had only been partially damaged , so the Israelis ordered a second pass with the
F - 16s . "
During their battle with Hamas earlier this year , Israeli officials told Danger Room that one of their many war objectives was " forcing the Egyptians " to stop at least some of the smuggling into Gaza .
Israel supplies almost all of Gaza 's legal commerce – while Egyptian officials rake in the cash , turning a blind eye to the illegal trade that comes through the tunnels underneath the Philadelphi Corridor .
So the Israelis repeatedly bombed the tunnels to end what they termed " strategic and moral confusion " surrounding the smuggling .
And , we 're now learning , they also attacked earlier points in the smuggling routes – in Sudan .
While the robots played a secondary role in those attacks , unmanned systems were key to many , many other Israeli operations during the war with Hamas .
Drones flew constantly above Gaza – and repeatedly attacked targets below .
On the ground , robotic bulldozers smashed through booby - trapped buildings and across bomb - laden roads .
The Israeli Defense Forces are now planning to double the number of unmanned Caterpillar D9 bulldozers , nicknamed " Black Thunder . "
[ Photo : Empower Israel ]
ALSO :
The final episode of beloved , critically - acclaimed series Battlestar Galactica airs tonight , and we feel tragic that it has to come to an end .
Especially when we still have so many burning questions .
1 . What , exactly , is this " plan " that the Cylons have ?
Remember how every episode used to begin with the promise that the cylons " have a plan " ?
Well , what the hell was that plan ?
To chase the humans around and then have sex with them ?
To continue nuking and nuking and nuking until all the humans are gone ?
To find Earth ?
To find Kobol ?
To find a spiritual something - or - other ?
Basically the cylons always seem to be going by the seat of their pants , not sticking to any kind of plan .
And now they 're having a civil war .
Was that part of the plan too ?
Seriously , help me out here : I need to understand .
Advertisement
2 . Who ( or what ) are the Head People ?
Here are the facts that I 've been able to salvage so far .
First of all , Baltar has this cylon in his head who always looks incredibly sexy and in fact has sex with him , and she 's a version of Caprica Six who was his lover on Earth .
But she is very definitively not Caprica , because recently Baltar had a run-in with the real Caprica and she clearly was n't down with anything Head Six was doing .
Also , we know that the real Caprica Six also has ( occasionally ) had a Head Baltar who dresses in zoot suits .
And finally , the piece de resistance :
We know that the Final Five had Head People in the last days of Earth .
They talk about how they each " saw people who were n't there , " some male and some female , who told them about the impending disaster and warned them to get the resurrection equipment ready .
So WHO ARE THE HEAD PEOPLE ?
After watching Baltar have sex with his Head Six for four seasons , I 'd really frakkin like to know .
3 . What is Starbuck ?
This a pretty obvious one , but I still fear it may never be answered .
Kara
Thrace , AKA Starbuck , started out as a badass pilot and quickly developed into a badass pilot with visions and an uncanny ability to survive her own death by getting ported to a new body .
She has repeatedly been identified as the " harbinger of death " by those cylon hybrids who act as ship navigators and spout prophetic nonsense all the time .
Is she the first hybrid , an undocumented cylon model , a mutant , what ?
Advertisement
4 . Why can't everybody just go back to Kobol to live ?
And why did they leave in the first place ?
In season 1 , the Galactica stumbles across the planet Kobol , the planet where humans first evolved .
From there , the 13 colonies zoomed across space , scattering to the 12 known worlds and to Earth .
Kobol is looking perky and green , not bombed out like Earth .
So why did the original humans leave it ?
And more importantly , why does n't the Fleet return to it now that Earth is looking sucky ?
Adama and Co. keep acting like they have to go out and find some habitable planet when they know exactly where Kobol is and could just jump there tomorrow .
5 . Where do Gaius Baltar 's loyalties actually lie ?
OK , so Baltar started out as a really selfish but ultra - smart human scientist rock star type .
Then he had an affair with a cylon ( though he did n't know she was a cylon ) and sort of accidentally gave her access to the override codes on every defense system in the world .
Which allowed the cylons to nuke the hell out of the 12 colonies , and also incidentally led to the bizarro love affair between Baltar and his Head Six .
Baltar was still aligned with the humans , but was so emotionally attached to Six that his allegiances were muddied .
He refused to reveal who his " cylon test " had fingered , for example ; and then he rescued a Six from being tortured by Cain , which allowed her to become a radical subversive who blew up the only Fleet ship that had nice gardens in it .
And then his loyalties were further muddied on New Caprica , where he became a cylon puppet dictator and ultimately defected to the cylon fleet .
But THEN he defected back to the human Fleet , where he continued to consort with Head Six and Tory the Final Five cylon .
Now he 's leading a pack of acolytes , preaching the monotheistic religion of Head Six and scheming seemingly just for the sake of scheming .
He 's like a triple or quadruple agent at this point , so where do his actual loyalties lie ?
Is he a cylon - lover at heart , or a human patriot ?
Or something else ?
Will we ever understand Baltar 's tangled motivations or will he remain an unctuous , manipulative cipher ?
6 . What are the powers of the human - cylon hybrids , not to mention the cylon - ship hybrids ?
Like the question about Starbuck , this is a pretty obvious one .
There are two types of " hybrid " in the series : Cylons who are wired into the Base Ships and control them with their minds ; and human - cylon hybrids like Hera who are the result of interbreeding .
Then there is the ill - explained old - school hybrid whom we see briefly in a flashback to Adama 's time during the first cylon war .
He seems like a version of the cylon - ship hybrid .
None of these hybrids ' powers are ever fully explained .
When Hera was still a fetus , her blood cured the president 's cancer .
Now that she 's been born , we know she has prophetic or at least psychic powers , and that she can " project " mental images to other cylons ( something that apparently all cylons can do with each other ) .
As for the cylon ship navigator cylons , we know they are called hybrids but why ?
And why do they spout nonsense while they are commanding the Base Ships , and how much of what they say is lifted from spam emails and how much is prophesy ?
Are they a more ancient type of cylon , in touch with a spiritual force ?
Must know !
Advertisement
7 . What really happened on Earth that sparked the first war , which led to the Final Five , which then led to the Eight Skinjobs ?
This is what I think happened , based on thinking about cylon history way too much .
Planet Earth was covered in a bunch of skinjob cylons who all looked and acted just like human beings on the Earth that you and I call home .
But they were oppressing Centurion cylons , who eventually revolted and destroyed all the Earthling cylons except the Final Five .
But then the Centurions , who were also making war on the 12 colonies ( where they were independently invented ? ) , asked the Final Five to build them eight models of humanoid cylons .
According to Ellen , that was because the Centurions thought that humans were made in the image of God , so they wanted their offspring to look like God too .
Those eight became the skinjobs , who joined the Centurions in the Nuking Of Everything Human .
Is that right ?
I mean , I 'm putting that crucial backstory together out of several throwaway comments and I think we need some confirmation of that order of events .
Did the Earthling cylons really invent Centurions that were almost exactly like the Centurions that the 12 colonies developed millennia later ?
And why would the Centurions think that humans , whom they hate , are close to God ?
Which brings me to my next question . . .
Advertisement
8 . How did the Skinjobs get control over the Centurions ?
So Caprica 's Centurions rebelled against the humans .
And then they met the Final Five , and agreed to stop the first Cylon war in exchange for getting a new line of skinjobs , because the Centurions believe humans were made in the image of God , so they want human - looking Cylons around .
So , in a sense , the Centurions commissioned the creation of the seven or eight new skinjobs .
And yet those skinjobs then installed limiting software on the Centurions , and lobotomized the Raiders .
How exactly did the skinjobs pull this off ?
I mean , how did they go from being the Centurions ' creations to being their masters who treat the Centurions like disposable infantry ?
I think we 're missing some serious plot here .
Advertisement
9 . Why do Cylons have to be in love with humans in order to reproduce with them ?
And what the hell was that glowing light in Athena 's back ?
Plus why is resurrection so bad ?
I realize that 's really three questions in one , but they 're basically all related to human - cylon sex .
First of all , we hear over and over that cylons can only conceive with humans if they truly love the human .
Why ?
And how does the cylon body know that it 's truly in love ?
Is there some kind of love algorithm , or a measurement device that checks for how many loveon particles are floating through the cylon 's emo systems ?
Seems like a really weird design choice on the part of the Final Five .
It seems as if the skinjobs are biologically almost the same as humans .
They have no metal parts or LED eyeballs .
So why does Athena 's back glow red when she gets with Helo on Caprica ?
And why does n't Six 's back ever get glowy when she does it with Baltar or Tigh ?
Why did n't Ellen 's back go red when she did the swirly on Cavil ?
Advertisement
Most importantly , why the hell are the cylons so obsessed with mating and reproducing in the messy , old - fashioned human way when they can just resurrect or build new models ?
I 'm still really unclear on why resurrection sucks so much , despite all the " dying is tramatic " thing all the cylons spout off about .
OK dying is traumatic , but dying permanently is even more traumatic so just buck up and stop whinging .
Either that , or explain to me what is so damn magical about pooting a baby out the biological way .
10 .
So why only seven or eight new skinjob models ?
Why not hundreds ?
Why make more than one copy of the same model ?
It does n't seem like the cylons were like that on Earth .
Seriously .
Why ?
Advertisement
11 . Is there a God or gods controlling everybody 's fate ?
This is basically one of the overarching questions of the entire series .
We 've known from the beginning that the cylons believe deeply in a monotheistic
God that looks human ( except Cavil , who just believes in robot civil liberties and science ) .
We also know that the humans are polytheistic , and that many of their gods seem to have left artifacts and scripture behind that are partially true and have genuine power .
Various characters have had visions or encounters with the divine , including President Roslin , and their experiences turn out to have some relevance in reality .
Baltar has occasionally called his Head Six an angel ; Caprica , Roslin , and Athena have shared a vision of little hybrid Hera in an opera house where Head Six and Baltar take her away into the proverbial light .
Many of the characters , including hybrids and Starbuck , have said that they know they are part of some kind of " destiny " that may or may not be controlled by God or gods .
Going a little meta , we also know that showrunner Ron Moore wrote obsessively about godlike aliens in Star Trek : Deep Space 9 .
Plus , so much of the show is about how things are pre-ordained - like humans fighting their cylon slaves over and over - that it really does seem as if there 's some kind of godlike force getting in everybody 's business .
So what 's the deal ?
Is there a God ?
Are the Head People angels ?
Or is there just a bunch of aliens / AIs so ultramegapowerful that they might as well be gods ?
Obviously there 's something preternatural going on , because there 's no rational explanation for many of the shows ' plot twists .
Advertisement
12 . Bob Dylan ???
Why do all the cylons hear Bob Dylan in the cupboards ?
Why do we as viewers have to hear " All Along the Watchtower " over and over , without ever getting a chance to hear the Hendrix or Prince versions ?
Seriously , though , what is the significance of this particular song and where does it come from ?
We know that it was played among the Earthling cylons , but why is it the trigger for their awakening to their true natures ?
And why is Starbuck hearing snatches of the same song ( which her father played for her ) , while Hera is creating pictures of the notes from the song ?
AND why is everybody on the show quoting from the song in dialogue ?
Is Bob Dylan the God we 've all been seeking ?
Or have hippies been secretly colonizing the galaxy for millennia , spreading their obsession with folk music everywhere ?
When Lawrence Summers , then head of Harvard University , said in 2005 that innate gender differences may be a reason why fewer women succeed in math and science careers , he ignited a firestorm .
Women 's groups were outraged .
Academic societies issued rebuttals .
Angry columnists weighed in .
And three Cornell University researchers hit the books .
After wading through more than 400 academic articles on sex differences in math , they 've concluded that it 's not a lack of ability that keeps women from pursuing careers in engineering or computer science .
Rather , it 's a variety of factors , including a female preference for more people - oriented professions and significantly different lifestyle needs , such as having and raising children .
The study , published today in Psychological Bulletin , a journal of the American Psychological Association , also explains a glitch in the gender gap .
Among those who score at the top of the heap in math , the girls also tend to excel verbally while the boys do n't .
Hence they have more choices , career - wise .
Advantage : girls .
" For the boys with high math ability , it 's ` This is my strength , ' " explains the study 's lead author , Stephen Ceci .
" For the high - math girls , it 's ` This is one of my strengths . ' "
So take that , Lawrence Summers – yes ?
" Absolutely , " laughs Ceci , professor of developmental psychology at Cornell .
Summers , now a White House economic adviser , also alluded in his 2005 remarks to a reluctance of mothers to work 80 - hour weeks .
The Cornell team found that women are under - represented , not only in math - intensive fields , but in senior posts in most fields because the demanding mid-career period clashes with their biological clocks .
Academia and other sectors need to adjust tenure and promotion paths to tap more fully into the reservoir of female talent , Ceci says .
" We pay a lot of money to train people and we 're not taking advantage of their human capital . "
The Cornell researchers spent more than three years examining gender - difference findings in endocrinology , educational psychology , sociology and other fields .
Promoters of the innate - superiority argument in math , Ceci says , point to U.S. student aptitude tests , in which boys typically outnumber girls two to one among the top 1 per cent of scorers .
But if that was a conclusive indicator , he argues , U.S. women would still claim 33 per cent of the spots in math - intensive fields such as engineering .
In fact , their numbers are far less .
In Canada , women make up only 17.5 per cent of undergraduate engineering programs .
But in some other countries , Ceci says , female students actually outnumber boys in the elite math tiers .
So scratch off biology as the sole explanation , he says .
The Cornell researchers also eliminated bias and discrimination as primary factors .
" It came down to preferences , " says Ceci .
A female is more likely to find medical research – finding a cure for a disease – more personally fulfilling than developing an Internet search algorithm , he says .
In U.S. undergraduate programs , 48 per cent of math majors are female , says Ceci .
But they are drawn to medicine or the biomedical sciences , not math - intensive fields like physics or computer science .
" These preferences start as early as junior high school , " he says .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Will female numbers in engineering and physics grow over time ?
The gap " will probably narrow , but not fully close , " says Ceci .
" They wo n't be at parity with the boys . "
The Toronto - based mining company , Uranium One — who ’s “ operations have been made possible with backing from the Canadian Embassy and CIDA ( Canadian International Development Agency ) in South Africa ” — stands accused of human rights abuses and the systemic violation of workers rights at the Dominion Reefs Uranium mine in South Africa .
The Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board also has millions of dollars invested in the company .
In her article , “ One deadly reputation : Canadian company accused of ‘ killing communities , ’ ” Tanya Roberts - Davis examines the case against Uranium One .
She says workers at the mine report a long list of human rights and workers ’ rights violations , and that the entire local population may be living on their deathbed .
In October 2008 the company ’s entire workforce went on strike to demand better working conditions .
Among several concerns , they say Uranium one denied them access to protective gear while working in the uranium mine , saying they had nothing more than overalls .
Now they suffer from a wide range of health problems , including cancer , asthma , and tuberculosis .
In addition four women have miscarried , and at least 12 workers have died since the mine opened in 2004 .
During the strike , they also called on Uranium One to reinstate their colleagues , a group of democratically - elected representatives who organized a local protest against the company ’s conduct two months earlier .
Following that protest , Uranium
One declared the organizers “ medically unfit ” and dismissed them .
Sadly , that was to be the fate of the entire workforce .
Uranium
One responded to the strike by firing every single worker – a total of 1400 people .
Currently , “ a minimal temporary workforce of allegedly underpaid migrant workers has been hired to keep the mine in a functioning state , ” says Davis .
Now , Uranium
One will most likely try to wash their hands of the mine by dumping it onto another company , or by closing it down for good .
While they maybe be able to walk away like it ’s ‘ just another day at the office ’ – the workers and their families do n’t have such luxury .
They can do nothing but wait …
Meanwhile , they find themselves living in poverty , “ surrounded by open mine shafts , sinkholes , mine tailings and mounds of rotting garbage , ” says Davis .
“ Discussing the community ’s sense of dispossession , Tahlita , a community organizer from the local group ‘ Justice and Peace , ’ stated , “ We do n’t have electricity or water services , our houses are very cracked , and there are no jobs here .
We want work , but we want our health also .
In the past , we had land for our children .
Now we do n’t have anything .
The mine has taken our land and contaminated our water . ” ”
“ The trickle of water from the one functioning tap in the community has a distinct yellow tinge and sickening odour , ” Davis adds .
“ Meanwhile , the suffocating effects of radioactive tailings dust blowing across the 14,000 hectare area leased by Uranium One are exacerbated during the frequent exploratory mine blasting being conducted by Uranium One ’s subcontractors .
Eye irritations and severe cases of asthma are common amongst children and adults and many have festering rashes discolouring their entire bodies . ”
“ Despite the fact that sinkholes and open shafts pose a specific danger to children , Uranium One has done nothing more than erect a small number of warning signs in some residential areas . ”
“ Parental concerns about this situation became a heart wrenching reality in November 2008 when a ten year old boy , known in the community for his creative dance and musical skills as well as good academic achievements , slipped accidentally into an open mine pit filled with radioactive waste water and drowned . ”
“ Now an outspoken critic of the mine , this boy ’s mother declared , “ For the sake of our children and the future , they must close up all the pits in the area , cover up the places where dangerous materials are , and clean up the entire area so that it is a proper living place for a community . ”
Lesago , a fellow organizer from Justice and Peace , adds : “ Uranium One needs to resettle the entire community to a place where we can at least start our lives again .
Our lives are in danger as the water and vegetables here are not suitable for our health [ due to heavy metal contamination ] …. ”
“ When you see this injustice , you have to react ; you have to make your voice heard .
As a parent , I am doing this work for my child ’s sake and for everyone ’s children here . ”
Take Action
To support the workers , their families , and everyone else living in the region , please send a letter to Uranium One , urging them to negotiate with workers and provide compensation that offers dignity and justice .
Also write to the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board , The Canadian Embassy and the Canadian International Development Agency in South Africa .
A list of contacts and sample letters can be found at foe.org.au .
Photos from : www.groundwork.org.za
Copenhagen closing plenary
Transcription of closing plenary IARU Climate Congress , Copenhagen , Denmark 12 March , 2009
Transcribed by Paul Baer ( panel co-chair of Session 10 ) Draft 2.1
Editor ’s notes : Congress Chair Katherine Richardson ( KR ) began the panel by reading the “ key messages , ” which can be viewed ( as presented on her slides ) at http://climatecongress.ku.dk/newsroom/congress_key_messages/ .
Then she asked the panelests – Stefan Rahmstorf ( SR ) , Will Steffen ( WS ) , Lord Nicholas Stern ( NS ) , and Dan Kammen ( DK ) to respond to the key messages .
After that , she invited the Danish Prime Minister ( PM ) , Mr. Anders Fogh Rasmussen , to respond to the messages .
Next there was a dialogue between the panelists and the Prime Minister , with closing remarks from the Prime Minister .
This version ( 2.1 ) now includes Katherine Richardson ’s introduction and presentation of the key messages , as well as the panel discussion that began the previous draft .
Note also that there are still a few unclear transcriptions , marked by comments that say “ verify ” ; as I was unable to rewind the webcast to make clarifications , it will take me a while to get back to them .
And , also , I have made a few – very few – minor changes to reflect the clear intent of the speakers in a more grammatical fashion .
Please send me any corrections you identify !
DISCUSSION HERE
--pb
KR : For me the last three days have absolutely flown by , and it hardly seems possible we ’re meeting here now for the closing session .
Many , many details relating to climate change science have been presented in this congress ; and Lord Stern , I use the word science in its broadest term here ; I even consider economists to be a kind of scientist .
As exciting as all these details are , it ’s been hard to see the overall messages emerging from the deliberations in 58 different sessions .
Therefore for this final session we have invited a very prominent poitician , who is closely associated with the COP 15 process , and a few selected scientists to discuss the main messages we already see emerging frrom this congress .
As that prominent politician , it is a very great honor and privilege for me to introduce the Prime Minister of Denmark and host of the COP 15 in Denmark in December , Mr. Anders Fogh Rasmussen .
Finding scientists to populate the panel was a whole lot more difficult .
How do you choose four scientists from a cast of thousands ?
Every one of you deserves to be up here .
We ended sort of by doing a lottery , by asking one plenary speaker from each of the three days , and a member of the scientific steering committee and writing group for this IARU congress to join the panel .
It is a pleasure for me to introduce a plenary speaker from today , Professor Lord Nicholas Stern ; a plenary speaker from yesterday , Professor Dan Kammen ; last but not least , a plenary speaker from day one , it seems like a long time ago , Professor Stefan Rahmstorf .
And finally , representing the scientific steering committee and writing team , Professor Will Steffen from the Australian National University .
And I ’m the gender distribution .
Obviously , we will continue , in the weeks and months to come , analyzing the results coming out of this meeting and synthesising them .
But we – that is to say , the writing group for the synthesis report for this congress – have assembled what we think , at this point at least , are the major messages that have emerged from our deliberations here .
I would like to present those messages to you and to the Prime Minister .
The first of these messages , key message 1 , deals with climatic trends .
Our conclusion is that recent observations confirm that , given high rates of observed emissions , the worst - case IPCC scenario trajectories ( or even worse ) are being realised .
For many key parameters , the climate system is already moving beyond the patterns of natural variability within which our society and economy have developed and thrived .
These parameters include global mean surface temperature , sea - level rise , ocean and ice sheet dynamics , ocean acidification , and extreme climatic events .
There is a significant risk that many of the trends will accelerate , leading to an increasing risk of abrupt or irreversible climatic shifts .
Key message number 2 deals with social disruption .
The research community is providing much more information to support discussions on “ dangerous climate change ” .
Recent observations show that societies are highly vulnerable to even modest levels of climate change , with poor nations and communities particularly being at risk .
Temperature rises above 2 oC will be very difficult for contemporary societies to cope with , and will increase the level of climate disruption through the rest of the century .
Key message 3 deals with Long - Term Strategy .
We believe that rapid , sustained , and effective mitigation based on coordinated global and regional action is required to avoid “ dangerous climate change , ” regardless of how you define “ dangerous climate change ” .
Weaker targets for 2020 increase the risk of crossing tipping points and make the task of meeting 2050 targets more difficult .
Delay in initiating effective mitigation actions increases significantly the long - term social and economic costs of both adaptation and mitigation .
Key message 4 deals with equity .
Climate change is unfair .
Climate change is having , and will continue to have , strongly differential effects on people within and between countries and regions , on this generation and future generations , and on human societies and the natural world .
An effective , well - funded adaptation safety net is required for those people least capable of coping with climate change impacts , and a common but differentiated mitigation strategy is needed to protect the poor and most vulnerable .
Message 5 : there is no excuse for inaction .
We already have many tools and approaches – economic , technological , behavioural , management – to deal effectively with the climate change challenge .
But they must be vigorously and widely implemented to achieve the societal transformation required to decarbonise economies .
A wide range of benefits will flow from a concerted effort to alter our energy economy now , including sustainable energy job growth , reductions in the health and economic costs of climate change , and the restoration of ecosystems and revitalisation of ecosystem services .
And last , but not least , we believe that to achieve the societal transformation required to meet the climate change challenge , we must overcome a number of significant constraints and seize critical opportunities .
These include reducing inertia in social and economic systems ; building on a growing public desire for governments to act on climate change ; removing implicit and explicit subsidies ; reducing the influence of vested interests that increase emissions and reduce resilience ; enabling the shifts from ineffective governance and weak institutions to innovative leadership in government , the private sector and civil society ; and engaging society in the transition to norms and practices that foster sustainability .
I am in a few moments going to ask the panel members to discuss , to explain more deeply what we mean by some of these messages , but first , to make sure that these messages do n’t get forgotten , Mr. Prime Minister , I would very much like to make sure that you have a written version as well .
[ Hands him a copy ]
OK , you have seen the six messages , or you have heard now the six messages , some people even have a written version of the six messages at their disposal .
I ’d like now to ask the panel if they would like to tell a little bit more about what we mean by some of these messages .
And Stefan , perhaps it would be an idea that you take hold of key message one , and see if you can tell us , tell the Prime Minister what we really mean by key message 1 .
SR : Yes , I ’d be happy to start it off .
First of all , not everything is worse than expected .
So that ’s the good news .
The global temperature is actually rising just as expected .
If you look at the trend over the last twenty years or so , of course there is natural variability , around that trend , there are some warmer years like 2001 to 2005 were above the long term trend , and then 2008 is a little below the long term trend .
But global temperature is basically rising as expected , and that ’s very reassuring to me as a climate modeler , because we think global temperature is easy , we understand it well , it ’s simple energy balance , so we should n’t be too far off .
But there are other components of the climate system that we do n’t understand that well for example the sea ice behavior , the continental ice sheet behavior , the sea level , and unfortunately , in these components , where we do n’t understand them so well that we can confidently compute them , things seem to go faster and worse than we had expected so far .
For example the shrinking arctic sea ice is actually declining much faster than in any of the climate models , and we also sea that sea level over the last 20 years or so is rising about 50 % faster than the climate models have projected .
Another reason for concern is that if you look at the history of this planet , climate changes – the natural climate changes in Earth ’s history , we find that past warm climates were significantly underestimated by models , for example the Pliocene , it was the last time in Earth ’s history where it was significantly warmer about three million years ago due to higher greenhouse gas levels .
We ca n’t quite reproduce how warm it was back then , especially in the higher latitudes .
And we also find that climate changes in earth ’s history often have been very abrupt , that ’s another thing that we can’t quite reproduce in the models , and at this conference I ’ve seen some interesting evidence as to why some aspects of the climate in the climate models may be systematically too stable , so that in the real world things might actually be more unstable than in our models .
So I think I leave it here for the moment .
KR : Will , would you have anything to add ?
And you might want to maybe say a little bit about , we say that temperature rises above 2 º C will be very difficult for societies to know what to deal with .
WS : Yes , I think that one of the aspects again that Stefan referred to that is reassuring because we think we understand and that models predict the fact that extreme events will increase in frequency and intensity as the climate shifts towards higher temperatures and more energy basically at the earth ’s surface .
We ’re starting to see this now , we see it in terms of increasing floods in many parts of the world , increasing heat waves , the 2003 heat wave in Central Europe is a classic example .
But there have been others .
There was a fairly bad one recently in southeastern Australia
We see droughts and drying in many parts of the world .
Ironically the planet overall is getting wetter .
And again , that ’s exactly what you ’d expect as temperature goes up – increasing evaporation , increasing water vapor content in the atmosphere and increasing precipitation .
It ’s very uneven .
And one of the points that I want to make , Katherine , is that human societies have adapted to the patterns of climate that we ’ve grown used to in the Holocene .
So ,
We ’re used to placing agriculture where there is water now .
We ’re used to placing cities in general where there are water supplies .
So even though the planet ’s getting slightly wetter , the patterns are shifting .
And certainly some areas , in general those areas that are dry now are getting dryer .
Droughts are getting longer ; they ’re more intense because they ’re hotter .
And this is placing pressure on urban water supplies , placing pressure on agriculture in some areas , and so on .
So that ’s one aspect that I think if we go above 2 degrees these extreme events will get worse .
The second aspect is one Stefan referred to .
I think we ’ll greatly increase the possibility that we could trip some of these so - called tipping elements .
Now there are small ones that are still reasonably significant , in terms of droughts and so on , but there big ones , like monsoon systems in South Asia , like the Amazon Basin rainforest and so on , which according to our best understanding now become more vulnerable , the higher you go above two degrees .
Now we do n’t know for sure but you can view the certainty in a way as something you need to handle in terms of a risk analysis .
These are significant changes .
Well more than one billion people rely on that South Asian monsoon .
So if that starts to falter , that ’s an extremely significant change in the earth system .
Those are a few of the examples , Catherine .
KR : You brought up the question of risk , and I think it ’s worth noting at this point that a lot of people in here including a lot of the journalists here have said , “ Where are the skeptics ?
How come the skeptics are n’t here ?
Why did n’t you invite them ? ”
Well first of all , we did n’t really invite anyone , except the few plenary speakers that we ’ve had , but the IPCC report actually says for the first time that they believe its very likely – at least a 90 % chance – that the climate change we ’re seeing at the moment is caused by humans .
And I guess you could say , the message that ’s come across here is , we have no reason to dispute that conclusion from the IPCC , and it looks every bit as bad as the worst case scenario that they identified there .
So that ’s not even really very interesting .
The good thing about this meeting is that we ’ve got more data ; we can go back and check , we can check the numbers ; we can look where we are , according to where the IPCC thought we might be going .
So far so good , no new surprises , we have a problem .
What ’s really interesting , I think , is what we can do about it .
So I ’d really like to turn a little bit now to try and ask , what can we do about it ?
I mean , we hear all the time that “ we ’ve got an economic crisis , now guys , ca n’t we just wait and put this on the back burner ? ”
So , going into the key message about the fact there ’s no excuse for inaction , would you , Lord Stern , like to cast yourself over that one ?
NS : There is indeed risk to inaction .
We do understand the risks that we ’re running .
We ca n’t predict these things with certainty , but it ’s very clear that the risks are big .
And we know that by cutting emissions and the concentrations that result from them , we can reduce those risks drastically , and we can look at the costs of cutting , and we can look at the overall patterns of growth and development which are likely to emerge .
And we can come to a judgment as to whether we think that those actions are worthwhile in terms of the reduced risks that they bring .
When we do that , the answer to the question I think is overwhelming .
For one or two percent of world GDP for a few decades , we could keep overall concentrations in the atmosphere below 500 parts per million of CO2 equivalent , and then , over time , bring it on down from there .
The kind of reduction in risks that would bring , I think , most people , given the kind of description you can give of a world at 5 degrees centigrade , which would involve huge , hundreds of millions of people moving , and as a result , deep and protracted world conflict .
We can describe the magnitude of those risks better , as a result of your work , and we know that we can cut the probabilities of those risks very drastically for relatively modest expenditures .
But looking beyond that , what sort of growth would it bring ?
This would bring low carbon growth .
It ’s very attractive .
It ’s cleaner , it ’s quieter , it ’s more energy secure , and it ’s more biodiverse .
And it ’s growth .
High carbon growth kills itself .
First from the high prices of hydrocarbons , and then , more fundamentally of course , there ’s a very hostile climate that it creates .
If we look forward to the next 20 or 30 years , the big growth areas will be low carbon technologies .
This will be the story of the railroads , and electricity , and IT .
But probably in terms of growth opportunities , still bigger .
So if we look at the reduction in risk that we can buy for modest investment , and if we think further of the kind of growth path it can generate for us , I think that we should see the action as actually rather attractive , and indeed the inaction as inexcusable .
This is real opportunity here , and it ’s particularly an opportunity when we ’ve got before us two or three years of a depressed world economy , or a recession , or a slowdown , whatever description you give .
Resources over these next two or three years will be cheaper than they are likely to be looking into the future .
Now ’s the time to get the unemployed of Europe working on energy efficiency , on making our houses more energy efficient .
There ’s so much that we could do , and at the same time , lay the foundations for the kind of growth story [ lies ahead ] that I ’ve had .
We must not come out of this downturn by sowing the seeds of the next bubble , and that ’s what we did last time .
We came out of the dot com bubble and we sowed the seeds of the housing bubble .
We can do it very differently .
We can come out of this one , and lay the foundations for a very attractive form of growth .
So it really really is inexcusable not to take the action .
KR : So we need to invest the money , and we can get something out of investing the money , but Dan , what should we invest it in ?
DK : Well that ’s what I think is so frustrating about this .
We ’ve heard a number of world leaders from international groups such as the UN Environmental Programme , to a number of centers around the world all highlighting that this is an opportunity to really invest in that green new deal .
And the ironic thing is that we ’ve been hearing this message from engineers , physicists , economists , policy makers for a great deal of time , that energy efficiency , as Lord Stern mentioned , is not only a sort of a suite of technologies and practices that saves you on carbon , but it also saves you on money .
And in a downturn , there ’s sort of no better combination than reinvesting in human capital , generating new jobs , and also generating a process that leads into additional technologies .
It ’s clear from the scientific base , that while we ’ve begun to make light bulbs better , and water heaters better and smarter windows that themselves can tint at the right times etc. , that we have n’t even begun the integration of efficiency with the wave of new renewables , using smart sensors that removes the need for the conduit in many buildings .
All of this is the sort of stuff that you put together exactly when you are investing in a green new deal , and many of these things have remarkably quick payback times .
The rates of return of these projects can be remarkably fast when efficiency and these new clean renewables are put together .
The fact that we are n’t doing it already is frustrating , and does n’t make a lot of sense , and what it says is that we ’re really not learning .
Econ 101 seems to be something that we all are failing , and maybe we should go back to your class a few times [ gesturing at Stern ] , or a few hundred times .
Because we have a great deal of these experiences .
The fact that green jobs is not [ sic ] something that we talk about as an abstraction ; we observe it in a variety of settings .
And we do n’t just observe it in rich countries , and rich cities .
We observe it in poor communities , where investing in local technologies like better cookstoves , locally hand - done windturbines , it really has a variety of applications in exactly the places we need it .
And so , the technologies themselves are there , the practices are there , the economic opportunity is there .
It ’s perfectly clear that we are failing so far the challenge to reinvent systems science .
That we need to put these things together , and we need to value these multiple aspects .
So there ’s a number of details , but the real story is that we have a great number of these technologies and practices in an early form right now .
We really need to put them into practice .
And the countries that are most concerned , and the communities , absolutely need to step forward to take the lead .
KR : If I could follow up a little bit on that , now we for many generations it feels like now , but for at least as long as I can remember , somebody ’s been trying to give me a guilty conscience because I do n’t turn off a light every time I go out of the room .
Is that the way forward ?
I mean , how do people get into this equation ?
Is it my fault we ’re in this mess right now , and if I act as a person , will something happen now , or am I completely meaningless in all this ?
DK : well we tried [ in the ] energy crisis in the seventies when part of the solution at least in the popular historic press was that we would essentially put on an extra cardigan and sit by the fire .
We would somehow reduce quality of life .
I think the opportunity now that we are seeing is that , as Lord Stern said , we can actually invent this new wave of prosperity if we really get going on it .
We have to be serious , we have to integrate solutions , and we have to send the message to the private sector that this is the long term new direction , this is not the short - term fad , we ’re not going to see research and development budgets rise briefly as we ’ve seen wonderfully in the United States in the last few months , and then tank two years or three years down the road .
In fact , I ’m most heartened by what I think is becoming the hallmark of the new Obama administration , and that ’s a new pragmatism , combined with reprioritizing science .
And that combination is exactly what you need to do if you essentially want to have a new industrial revolution but this a very clean one .
So my hope , and actually I think that the technology bears it out , it ’s not a case of , do I need to now remember to turn of the light bulb every time .
Of course you do , but our mix of technology , and market signals , give us ways to do it that can be profitable from a whole variety of very small , mom and pop operations , to medium sized companies to the big ones , and it can be an equally good message for people in poor developing countries and the more affluent ones .
And we have to rise [ sic ] all boats here .
I guess the melting ice and the rising boats may send a tricky message , but it has to be one that is not increasing the equity problems .
We have to decrease that injustice in the world right now .
KR : Does anyone else have a call on who “ we ” is in this ?
This is what ’s worrying me .
It ’s easy enough to sit here and say “ we should , and we should , ” but who ’s we ?
Is it me when I turn off the light , or is it the businesses , or is it the Prime Minister ?
Who ’s “ we ” ?
Lord Stern ?
NS : There are many parts to the “ we , ” but I would follow up what Dan Kammen just said .
The two big challenges of this century are fighting world poverty and managing climate change .
And we succeed or fail on those two together .
If we do n’t manage the risks from climate change , then we will create a physical climate so hostile , that the hard - won gains of development are very likely to be reversed .
If on the other hand , we try to manage climate change by putting barriers in the way of people raising their incomes in the next two or three decades , we will fail to put together the coalition , indeed we will deserve to fail , to put together the coalition which is crucial .
So the “ we ” is I think first all countries moving together with particular respect for the challenges that the developing world faces in moving to low carbon growth , and therefore a big obligation on the rich world to support the climate change action plans of the poorer parts of the world .
That way we can put together a real coalition , a partnership .
But it ’s also true , going down , right down to you , Kathy , as you asked us to do , that people ’s understanding of responsible behavior does make a difference .
My generation in the UK was told that drinking and driving was dangerous .
You wished they ’d noticed before , but there were cries of “ it ’s a violation of human rights ” to stop the ordinary person – it usually was the ordinary man , because it was a man – the ordinary man going down to the pub , having a drink and driving , or a few drinks , and driving home .
And that to interfere was a fundamental restriction on personal freedom .
That was a perspective of rights and responsibilities .
That has changed .
How has it changed ?
It ’s changed through information .
It ’s changed through discussion .
And discussion is crucial .
And with discussion , with information , with challenge , people change their views of what ’s responsible .
So the sticks and carrots , the prices and taxes that we economists go on about , and should go on about – ignore them at your peril – but they ’re not the only part [ of ] the story .
And an understanding of responsible behavior comes from public discussion .
It ’s part of democracy .
It ’s part of political leadership .
Part of participation .
And I do think that ’s an important part of the story .
KR : Will – do you have a feeling about who “ we ” are ?
WS : I just want to make one further comment to follow on from those .
When we go home after a very exciting and enthusiastic conference like this , and we hit the reality of getting back in our own settings and see everyday life again , it sometimes seems impossible to make the kinds of changes Lord Stern and Dan are talking about .
But on the other hand I think there ’s reason for optimism .
Because just like in natural systems , where things are often non-linear , and you hit a tipping point and then suddenly the system shifts , I have a strong feeling this happens in human systems as well .
And that as we have the sort of discussions that Lord Stern referred to , I think you reach a point where things simply become accepted .
You do n’t smoke in inside places anymore .
And that was probably even more sacrosanct than driving home when you were drinking .
You went to the pub and had a cigarette as well as a beer .
And we do n’t do that anymore , and this happened very quickly .
And people said that was going to be the end of pubs – it has n’t been the end of pubs .
So I think that ideas can go through society exceptionally quickly .
I sense that after a few false starts , we ’re getting to the point now where we could see this tipping element reached , and then things may happen faster than we scientists think , and a lot of our dire projections may be rendered as deep history , hopefully just a decade down the tracks .
So [ what ]
I ’m looking forward to nine months from now is perhaps , looking back , saying , well , Copenhagen 2009 , that was really the turning point .
It was n’t all solved there , but that ’s when humanity really decided they were n’t going to tolerate this hostile climatic future , that we might face .
So I ’m guardedly optimistic that you can see strongly non-linear effects in human behavior as well as in these natural systems .
KR : Mr. Prime Minister , I ’m wondering after this round here where we ’ve presented our findings and a few of our heartfelt feelings , whether you ’d like to make some kind of a comment as to how maybe this could be used ?
PM : Thank you very much Katherine .
And thank you very much for giving me the opportunity to participate in this closing session of this scientific conference , providing political decision - makers with an update of our knowledge base on climate change .
I acknowledge the many scientists present at this conference .
It is not only impressive , but it also shows the determination in the scientific community to address one of the most challenging issues of our time .
From my point of view , your contribution is an essential part of the preparations for the climate change conference , as an input to the negotiations within these very walls in December .
Your input is very helpful , and today you have presented me with some key messages , and I would like to give you a first political response and some reflections .
You asked , Katherine , who is , or who are , “ we ” .
Well I think “ we ” is each individual , but we need a political framework to operate within .
And that ’s our task , to create this political framework .
Your first key message could be translated into “ urgency ” .
I ’m pleased to note that you build upon and elaborate the key findings of the Fourth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
The key message is that recent observations confirm that the worse case IPCC scenario is being realized .
This statement must of course be taken into consideration when we set the targets for the reductions of greenhouse gas emissions .
You point to the acceleration of the climate trends .
The longer we wait , the worse it gets .
At the UN climate conference in Bali in December 2007 , a two - year roadmap was adopted .
Copenhagen is the target .
Some people and countries question whether it is realistic to agree to a global deal in nine months .
I say , we must .
Waiting a year or two will only make the decisions even tougher .
I say , we stick with the roadmap , but we also have to realize that this will demand intense negotiations in 2009 , and the very close involvement at the very highest level of government .
The second key message is “ direction . ”
You point to the serious consequences of climate change , not least to vulnerable societies .
In Copenhagen , we must come to an agreement that limits global temperature rise to two degrees Celsius .
This means at least 50 % reductions in 2050 compared to 1990 .
The IPCC has already made the recommendations , Nick Stern has made the calculations , and from what I hear today , we may have to go beyond 50 % .
Many developed countries have accepted the target , including their own obligation to reduce by 80 % in 2050 compared to 1990 .
Most recently , president Obama has committed to this ambitious long - term target .
I hope the whole world will join in the common endeavor and set 2 º as the ambition for a climate deal in Copenhagen .
The third message is “ action . ”
You point to the problem of delaying action .
2050 is more than 40 years away .
I do know that in particular maybe politicians have to be very careful in announcing their retirements , but I think it is a reliable prediction that most of today ’s leaders will be out of politics by 2050 .
But the task is not to leave for the next generation .
We have to start now if we want to reach the goal in 2050 .
The European Union has committed to 30 % reductions by 2020 as part of a global agreement .
Other industrialized countries are still to commit to comparable effort .
Developed countries must lead the way .
They carry a special historical responsibility .
But , as we all now , even if all industrialized countries cut their total emissions to zero , we would not meet the target in 2050 .
Therefore , developing countries and primarily the emerging economies will have to take actions as well .
And I ’m encouraged to see the determination of major developing economies to address the problem and initiate the transition to low carbon economic growth .
Overall , these countries will have to make an effort reducing their emissions to some 15 to 30 % under a business as usual scenario .
You fourth key message is “ fairness . ”
You point to the fact that the worst consequences are likely to occur in countries with least emissions .
Adaptation remains a top issue in the negotiations .
Financial and technical support to poor and vulnerable countries is essential , if we want to avoid unforeseen social and political clashes in the future .
The wealthier countries must assist them in capacity building , and in implementation of sustainable adaptation strategies .
Furthermore we must find a financial mechanism to fund mitigation efforts in developing countries .
That includes forestry as one of the key sectors .
I would say that cost - effective , market - based systems are most likely to survive and thrive in the long run .
It ’s also the most likely to provide adequate and truly additional financial resources .
Cap and trade can drive private investments .
We should look for innovative ways to ensure mitigation without threatening our economies and the right to development .
At let me be clear on this point .
In the long run , market based solutions will prevail .
They may be framed in different ways , but do have one feature in common : we must put a price on carbon .
Your fifth key message is “ opportunity . ”
You point to the benefits and not just the burdens .
I could not agree more .
Low carbon societies must be our goal .
I do not believe we have a choice in a world going to nine billion people by 2050 .
Energy is not just a commodity , but a liability to use .
Energy efficiency is not a choice but an obligation .
If we start deploying the technologies at our disposal we could get very far .
If we encourage the development of more green technologies , we are almost there .
The solution is at hand , if we disseminate these technologies globally , and adopt standards for equipment , fuel standards being right at the top .
And turning to the current financial crisis , the world desperately needs good news about our economies .
Business as usual is dead .
Let us take the opportunity provided by the recession to redefine the future .
Green growth is the answer to our climate problem as well as to our economic problems .
Low carbon growth is a long term sustainable growth .
And I fully agree with Lord Stern that high carbon growth kills itself in the long run .
So let me put it this way : regardless of the discussion on climate change , a change of our energy production and energy consumption is necessary at any rate , because a low carbon economy is beneficial not only for the climate , but also for our energy security and for sustainable economic growth .
The sixth and final key message … [ governance ] .
You point to the political , economic , and social constraints that prevent us from taking the right positions .
A global agreement in Copenhagen is not just about tackling climate change .
It will constitute a new era in multilateral relations .
It will be a unique occasion to construct a global solution based on mutual responsibility to act and to assist .
People demand action ; governments must realize that it is in their interest to act .
Governments will fall if they fail .
Politics must not be in the way of necessary solutions .
The world needs better governance .
So in conclusion , let me repeat the key messages .
Urgency – we must come to an agreement here in Copenhagen here in December .
Direction – we must set a long - term target .
Action – we must commit to short - term efforts .
Fairness – the rich must assist the poor .
Opportunity – green growth is the future .
And governance – if we fail to act , we fall .
Thank you .
KR : I wonder now we ’ve had the sort of scientific version of the key messages , and we ’ve had the political version of the key messages , I wonder whether the scientific part of the panel would like to respond .
Are there ways to build bridges from the scientific version , what science does and deals with it , to the political version of the same messages .
We talk about communication , that ’s what we talked about on the first day , this is all about communication between different groups , and now we have the scientists and the politicians saying exactly the same thing – I think – at the podium .
Why do n’t we try and get a scientific response .
Stefan ?
SR : I ’m well aware that scientists and politicians and the general public often use language in a different way , there ’s a lot of communication problems sometimes arising from that , and I want to just express a concern that I have that when politicians talk about the ambition of two degrees as you did , that that ’s considered an ambition , and in the end , if all goes reasonably well , we actually end up with three degrees of warming .
Whereas I think , I want to emphasize that when as scientists we talk about those two degrees , that really is a kind of upper limit that we really should not cross .
I personally as a climate scientists , I could not honestly go and tell the public that two degrees warming is safe .
We ’re already seeing a lot of impacts of the 0.7 degrees warming that we ’ve had so far .
So I consider two degrees not safe , and John Schellnhuber this morning asked about the question “ Is Russian Roulette dangerous ? ” and in RR you have a one in six chance of something terrible happening , I think that when we go to two degrees we probably have more than a one in six chance of really bad impacts occurring .
KR : Dan did you want to respond ?
DK : I do .
I think one of the really key stories we heard in the prime ministers comments is this connection between opportunity and urgency and need is really one story .
And so , if I could do the personal version of that for a second , it ’s that I was married in a small Nigerian village , and have returned fairly frequently to see what ’s going on in the area .
And my aunt in Ondo [ ? ] state in Nigeria tells me all the time that we ’re seeing crops change , and we ’re seeing the need for solar panels on rooftops .
And there ’s not just a concern about climate , but there ’s a frustration that we ’re not seeing the full shift to this green economy , even where it really bears fruit .
And so , some of the upcoming events that I think the scientific community needs to connect to make this full circle .
Is that we have an event even in Copenhagen in May , and it ’s the world business summit on climate .
And that ’s the sort of event where these scientific and political messages , brought in connection to the next and the current generation of innovative business leaders provides exactly what my aunt in a small village in Nigeria is asking for .
She ’s asking for a series of opportunities and messages , to invest in clean tech , and she suspects that her village might not be the first place to invent it , but she ’s quite convinced that it ’s a place to put those into practice , and to discover the ability to put solar panels on rural hotels , not just to keep the beer cold in the fridge , but also to do a cold chain for antibiotics .
And the opportunity to marry these other benefits – health , local development – is one where the business community that is not in huge presence here , except for some really neat green leaders , needs to diversify .
And those examples are tremendously powerful .
The more transitions we get , of companies , and of partnerships between political leaders , the scientific community , civil society , really can change the equation .
So it ’s not just about doing this to avert something , it ’s about creating that new green path .
So that ’s what I hope we get out of this process .
KR : Lord Stern ?
NS : I was going to pick up very strongly on the language that Dan Kammen used right at the end , and that ’s the power of the example .
If we want to bridge the science and technology , the economics and the politics , showing how it can be done is so much more effective than simply describing how it can be done .
So the more we can in the rich world show what low carbon electricity looks like , show how it can be done efficiently , develop low carbon transport , design cities and homes in a way that are much more efficient , those things will be used as examples .
And I ’ve often been challenged , particularly in developing countries , with the observation , which is entirely understandable , which is , “ Look , we ’ve seen the rich world ’s example in getting rich on high carbon growth .
That we understand , that we can see .
We have not yet seen low carbon growth , now those examples are starting to come , and we know that here in Denmark , there has been quite strong growth for quite a long period of time , there ’s very little increase in emissions .
It can be broken , the link between growth and emissions .
We know that .
But the more powerful examples we get , that can be understood and taken forward in other parts of the world , and we will have to learn of course from examples that take place in China , India and elsewhere , there will be strong examples there too , but the more we get those examples demonstrated and shared , and we make it easy to do the sharing , the more I think traction we will get .
KR :
You have to understand that I ’m trying very hard to get Lord Stern to give me a crash course on economics on the side .
Let me just see if I understand you correctly , Lord Stern .
What you ’re saying is , instead of me feeling that I ’m being a good citizen when I donate my old computer to some needy person in Africa and it gets sent , I pay to transport it down there , I probably would be better off investing in Dan ’s solar panels in Africa ?
NS : Umm … a person of your abilities is perfectly capable of doing both of those things .
KR : We ’re very heavily taxed in Denmark !
But what I ’m trying to ask is , do we need to change our development , our whole thinking of development support
NS : We should be supporting development which is shaped and driven by developing countries themselves .
This is about working together to expand the options that people have , the technologies that are available , and there will be important resource flows that are necessary .
Some of those will come through carbon finance , some will come through overseas development assistance , some of them will come through private investment , some of them will come through the various kinds of guarantee and insurance instruments available through the international financial institutions .
We should be looking all of us , those in developing countries , those elsewhere , at how we can find these ways forward in terms of investment , and how we can find the funding to support them .
Then there would be a real partnership .
KR : Mr. Prime Minister ?
PM : Yes , well , I need some concrete advice now .
Stefan Rahmstorf said two degrees – the two - degree target – is not safe .
So , now I need to know from the panel , can we as politicians still rely on the IPCC recommendations or not ?
What you ’re telling me , is it that we should set the bar even higher ?
I need to know that .
And I ’ll tell you why .
I have – we have had a very hard battle within the European Union , and finally we decided on the 2 º C target .
It ’s been a real challenge to reach that point .
And now you tell me “ it ’s not enough . ”
Now I need to know , and I need to know today , is it enough , or do we have to change this target , because it ’s fundamental .
We have now nine months left before a very , very important meeting in this room .
It will be a real challenge – and now I think the scientific world has to make an agreement with itself – what is the real platform for politicians ?
KR : And here you see a beautiful example of miscommunication .
Because Stefan Rahmstorf did not say it was n’t safe , he said , “ I ca n’t say it is safe . ”
And here , this is where we get into these nuances .
PM .
Yes , but as a politician , I have to make a decision .
KR : I ’m defending you .
Will ’s going to try to rescue this one .
WS : I ’m going to let Stefan have another crack at that first , then I ’ll have another go at it .
SR : Yes .
I do n’t think the IPCC anywhere says that two degree warming is safe .
So I do n’t think I disagree with IPCC on this point .
What I was trying to say is the 2two degrees is really an upper limit , and its not something that , you know , we aim for two degrees but it ’s OK if we end up at three .
That was my key message that I wanted to convey .
KR : Will , you want to finish up on that one ?
WS .
Just a couple of points .
One is , when you try to come to some number like two degrees , that ’s a judgment that uses science , but it ’s not for scientists to give you that number .
It ’s a risk game , and how much risk society wants to take .
Now I think as John Schellnhuber said this morning , the 2 degrees is sort of an interesting compromise .
And I think also from the political side of the fence , it ’s very difficult for you to deal with a shifting target coming from the scientific community .
A final comment : I think that we have to look at this not only as a risk game , but also as an adaptive management game .
I think as the science changes , simultaneously the economics will change , the technology will change in the ways that Dan and Lord Stern have outlined .
So I think a two - degree target is a reasonable target for Copenhagen for 2009 .
I suspect five years down the track the game on both sides of the fence will change and we ’ll deal with that as it comes .
But I think we ’ve got to get the ship moving , and get moving in the right direction , so I think two degrees is quite reasonable for a first target .
KR : So Mr. Prime Minister , we ’d be very happy if you ’d just give us the two degrees , and we ’re not going to change it .
Perhaps you would like to finish off on what you ’ve learned ?
PM : Yes , I thank you very much , because it ’s very complicated for me to operate in a room with moving targets .
So thank you very much , that was my first question .
Then , next question : on the basis of that , can I still work in the direction of 50 % by 2050 taking into consideration that the developed countries should contribute with at least 80 % reduction ?
Is it sufficient or not ?
Yes or no ?
KR : Dan does n’t do “ yes or no ” very well .
SR : That is another question that I think cannot be answered with yes or no because of the uncertainty [ KR : “ It has to be . ” ] , so …
PM … I have to …
SR : There are good studies on this and they suggest that if you reduce 50 % globally below 1990 by 2050 , then you have something like a 50 % chance of staying below those two degrees .
So that ’s not a guarantee of staying below those two degrees .
So I advise to take a more ambitious target if at all possible .
Especially since that leaves us some room for maneuvering in case we find out things are worse .
We need some safety margin .
There is uncertainty in our science , and the uncertainty often works out in the direction that things turn out to be somewhat worse .
We have underestimated climate effects in the past , so the larger the safety margin that we can build into this , the better it is in my view .
KR : Dan ?
DK : I think we have to take actually the stronger version of the statement to be honest .
The IPCC has done its best job to synthesize the published literature , and not the fifty percent reduction , but the 80 % reduction target , from the use of the current suite of models , indicates that if we can achieve this really historic – and I would compare achieving the 80 % reduction from the 1990 levels really to an entire new industrial revolution – it ’s not a maybe we can shift , this is really a new thing to do .
We have all these tools , but we need to do it .
Eighty percent reduction , based on current best science , says that we are keeping a risk alive of between fifteen and thirty - five percent or so .
That is an unacceptable number for any health insurance or auto insurance that any of us would purchase .
So that 80 % is like the two degrees .
When Stefan said , I ’m asking for two , but I ’m not saying if we drift past it its OK .
We ’re really saying this 80 % is a critical version of “ if you go above it , you are essentially saying , not only will we be in this really dramatically different regime , but also that we admit to ourselves that we have condemned the poor to suffer an even larger dose , because they will be the first to be affected , they will be the ones that we trivialize and avoid their suffering in this process , so we really are committing an extreme case of environmental and climate injustice if we do n’t go for this harder path .
KR . Mr. Prime Minister , I know you have a schedule to keep , I do n’t know if you ’d like to round up , or whether we should continue this .
I thought you wanted to close the session .
PM : Yes , because I think I have the necessary information now to conclude the agreement .
Well , I like to challenge scientist because I know that they always operate within margins of insecurity , or risk , but the margins you provided me with is much smaller than what I ’m used to in politics , so I ’m not scared about it .
But understand me correctly ; at the end of the day , here in Copenhagen , we have – as politicians – to make the final decision , and to decide on exact figures , I hope .
And this is a reason why I would give you the piece of advice , not to provide us with too many moving targets , because it is already a very , very complicated process .
And I need your assistance to push this process in the right direction , and in that respect , I need fixed targets and certain figures , and not too many considerations on uncertainty and risk and things like that .
So all in all I would like to thank you very much for this discussion , which I think has been very fruitful and helpful , and I would like to congratulate you on having conducted a successful congress with an impressive participation of the world ’s finest scientists .
And I think science should be the basis for decision - making in this field .
Politicians can only act on what we know , and therefore your contribution is central .
And you have given me the results from your hard work .
I will carry your paper with me when I engage with other leaders to let them know what science says .
You have delivered the facts ; now it ’s up to others to carry it on .
And let me sketch out the process that will take us back to this venue in December .
The formal UN negotiations will continue with a number of sessions throughout the year .
But to close the deal on this multi-faceted issue , we need to engage heads of state and governments .
And I see three important stepping - stones to achieve an agreement .
First of all , we need to engage the key players at the very summit level .
This group should meet in connection with the G8 Madalena [ sp ? ] summit in Italy in July .
Secondly , the UN high - level meeting in New York in September must give important final guidance for the content of the Copenhagen agreement .
And thirdly , from September to December , we need intense negotiations in the UN track to sort out the modalities of an agreement .
To exert the highest pressure on the negotiators , I encourage leaders to come to Copenhagen in December to help close the deal .
And what could then be the framework of the agreement ?
As we all know , Climate change is a global challenge , it needs a global solution , and that is why we meet in Copenhagen in December .
And I think an agreement should have three key elements : targets , funds and verification .
First of all targets .
By 2050 , global emissions must be down by 50 % compared to 1990 , and you know these numbers better than anyone , and I ’m happy to learn that this is still our goal .
I have noticed that you consider it the minimum , and we will take that into consideration .
We need a binding commitment form the industrialized world to cut emissions substantially below 1990 levels already by 2020 , and by more than 80 % in 2050 .
Developing countries should also reduce at least by 15 to 30 % by 2020 compared to a business as usual scenario , and thereafter we need to see real reductions .
Secondly , we need an agreement on funding .
The developing countries face a particular challenge .
We must provide funds to the developing countries to help them to transform to low carbon economies .
New technology will be crucial ; forests and better land use must be part of the package .
The funds should also help the developing countries adapt to climate change and facilitate dissemination of technology .
And then thirdly , verification .
We need a reliable and transparent regime to measure , report and verify national and international actions , both in terms of mitigation and in regard to finance and technology .
Transparency is also a precondition for effective market - based systems that can facilitate investment into the economies with the greatest reductions potential .
And then , after Copenhagen , where next ?
Because Copenhagen is not the end ; it is the beginning of our path to 2050 and beyond .
In Copenhagen we set the framework ; we commit to take actions and to assist those that cannot provide for themselves .
We commit to share technologies and to encourage their deployment .
After Copenhagen , we must hold each other accountable .
I call on the scientific community to follow the trends closely and help us adjust our course .
We must not only focus on the obligations , but keep competing for the opportunities .
The greener , the better .
Denmark ’s goal is to be completely free of fossil fuels .
I believe it is possible , with the help of science , and with the determination of government .
I look forward to welcoming you in Copenhagen again .
Thank you .
KR : I want to thank you all for coming here , and for all your hard work here in Copenhagen .
I hope you ’ve all enjoyed and learned from your time here in Copenhagen ; we ’ve certainly enjoyed and learned from having you here .
The attack on parliament was a rare strike at the heart of the Green Zone A Sunni lawmaker in Iraq could face arrest and charges over allegations he was involved in a 2007 bomb attack on the country 's parliament .
Iraq 's Shia - led government may now seek to have Mohammed al - Daini 's immunity revoked after a warrant was issued .
Alleged confessions obtained from two bodyguards linked Mr Daini to the attack , in which seven people died in a parliamentary canteen .
He condemned the bodyguards ' arrest and pledged to respond to the accusations .
The Associated Press news agency said Mr Daini described the allegations as " untrue and baseless " .
" They have the right to say anything they like and I have the right to give my answer , " he told Reuters .
The MP was reportedly put under effective house arrest at a hotel in Iraq 's fortified Green Zone .
' Retribution '
Announcing the allegations at a news conference , a military spokesman played recordings said to be taped interviews with the two bodyguards - one of whom was Mr Daini 's nephew .
One of the men in the video recording , named as Riad Ibrahim al - Daini and said to be the MP 's nephew , gave details of how the lawmaker allegedly helped facilitate the attack on parliament .
The attack in April 2007 killed eight people , among them three MPs .
" The suicide bomber entered parliament with an authorisation paper from Mohammed al - Daini and blew himself up at the parliament , " the video testimony said , according to the AFP news agency .
The nephew also accused Mr Daini of involvement in a string of attacks during a bitter period of sectarian violence in Iraq .
" When 11 of Daini 's security guards were killed ... he asked militant groups to abduct about 100 people - he wanted 10 people for each of his guards , " Riad al - Daini said on video , Reuters said .
Mr Daini is a Sunni Muslim MP with Iraq 's National Dialogue Front party .
He was elected to parliament in 2005 to represent Diyala , a mixed Sunni - Shia area which has long been the scene of sectarian violence .
Iraq 's government , headed by Prime Minister Nouri Maliki , is led by a coalition of Shia Muslim parties .
Supporters of Mr Daini accused the ruling Shia majority of effectively persecuting their Sunni opponents , AP reported .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Personhood USA apparently sees itself as the new , hipper , more effective incarnation of the anti-abortion movement .
Personhood USA hopes that by establishing the “ pre-born , as legal persons with protection under the law ” it will end the “ injustice of abortion . ”
Its attempt to do this last November through a “ personhood ” ballot measure in Colorado ’s failed miserably .
Nevertheless , Personhood USA , is committed to “ working tirelessly to establish personhood in every State . ”
What supporters of this approach do n’t mention is that if the unborn have legal personhood rights , pregnant women wo n’t .
There is really no way around this .
As National Advocates for Pregnant Women ’s video demonstrates , if successful , this strategy will mean that upon become pregnant , women will lose their civil and human rights .
As Angela Carder learned it is not just life vs. choice – but life vs. life .
Angela Carder , 25 weeks pregnant , was critically ill .
More than anything , she wanted to live .
A court , however , ordered cesarean surgery based on claims of fetal rights .
The surgery was performed over her objections as well as those of her physicians and family .
Angela Carder died two days later – the cesarean surgery listed as a contributing factor .
The fetus was born alive but died within two hours .
Personhood USA does n’t address how personhood laws will affect women like Ms. Carder and others who have no intention of ending a pregnancy .
Perhaps this is why legislators in at least five states have introduced bills that carry their message and several more are working on ballot measures like the one in Colorado .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
In fact , North Dakota ’s house recently passed a personhood bill that would require the state to interpret all of the state ’s laws to apply to “ any organism with the genome of homo sapiens ” including a fertilized egg .
In addition to inviting such facetious Onion - like headlines as “ North Dakota House Passes ‘ Homo ’ Rights Law , this bill creates the basis for policing all pregnant women .
Upon becoming pregnant , women would lose their right to medical privacy , since under North Dakota law doctors are required to report to child welfare authorities whenever they have reasonable cause to suspect that a child ( an organism ) is abused or neglected .
Accordingly , if this bill passes , pregnant women in North Dakota who are obese , have diabetes , or smoke should probably report directly to child welfare authorities – or perhaps some new agency , such as the Department of Organism Protection .
Indeed , a recent horrifying incident in California could become commonplace in North Dakota .
A pregnant woman in California experienced a miscarriage at one - month gestation .
Her doctor advised her to preserve the embryonic tissue in the freezer until she and her husband decided whether to request genetic testing or to take the remains to a mortuary .
When they decided against testing , they called a mortuary .
They were asked for a death certificate and were directed to the County Coroner to obtain one .
The Coroner instructed them to call the police .
When they complied , the police heard the words “ human remains ” and responded by descending on their home , entering without a warrant , and searching for what they assumed was the evidence of a crime against a person .
While the California case reflects miscommunication , families that experience miscarriages would have to expect such intrusions in states that pass personhood laws .
Similarly pregnant women who miss prenatal care appointments , do n’t take prenatal vitamins , or drink any amount of alcohol could be deemed abusive under criminal child [ organism ] abuse and endangerment laws .
Personhood laws would also provide the basis for prosecuting women for murder , manslaughter , or negligent homicide if they suffered miscarriages or stillbirths .
In fact states with these laws would look a lot like South Carolina , the only state that has , by judicial fiat , effectively adopted a personhood law .
More than 90 pregnant women and new mothers have been arrested there based on fetal personhood claims .
Recently , a pregnant woman in South Carolina fell from a 5th floor window .
The press reported this incident as a suicide attempt .
She survived but suffered a stillbirth as a result of the fall .
Last month she was arrested on charges of homicide by child abuse and is still being held without bail .
Personhood USA asserts that “ each and every human being must be respected and protected from fertilization until natural death . ”
Their legislation , however , would have the effect of excluding pregnant women from this protection .
People committed to a true culture of life need to oppose their legislative proposals , supporting instead ones that include the interests of the women who give that life .
Description :
This Application Note describes the integration of the WirelessUSB and PSoC CapSense interface technologies into a wireless remote control with capacitive sensors .
This implementation demonstrates a WirelessUSB two - way simple protocol , a mixed - signal PSoC device , and implementation of the capacitive switch design using the CSR user module in PSoC Designer .
The proposed device can be used as a design starting point for the many popular wireless devices that markets demand today .
B - 2 Spirit
( click to view full )
America ’s 21 B - 2A Spirit stealth bombers have been leaders in stealth technology and weapon support arrangements .
Now , they ’re a leader in a less desirable category .
DTI ’s Bill Sweetman reports that during a 2008 bandwidth auction , the U.S. Federal Communications Commission inadvertently sold the operating frequency band of the B - 2 bomber ’s Raytheon AN / APQ - 181 radar to an obscure firm headed by a Russian - educated citizen of Mali .
Installing new radar arrays on the 20 surviving jets will reportedly cost “ well over $ 1 billion . ”
Sweetman notes that this is just one side effect of spectrum allocation problems , and greater civilian appetites for its use .
Patriot PAC - 3 missiles that are critical to Japan ’s missile defense system have problems there , because the radios used to link all the scattered firing units use frequencies assigned to the Japanese cell phone industry .
The JTIDS predecessor to modern Link - 16 MIDS - LVTs is currently the only way to get AWACS targeting data to an F - 22 , but it has “ limited supportability outside the continental U.S. ” because it was developed in an occupied band .
Even flight testing and telemetry is beginning to have these problems .
Coulter employs ALL CAPS in response to ' Treason Times ' questions Ron Brynaert
Published : Tuesday March 10 , 2009
Print This Email This " Online TYPING IN ALL CAPS is considered shouting and is frowned on in most cases , " a desktop publishing guide 's author writes at about.com .
In a Business Week column , Coca - Cola Company executive Jerry S. Wilson agrees , " We have all received the ALL CAPS messages and interpreted the intensity of the sender 's emotions as if they were screaming through the keyboard . "
Others on the internet are n't that polite and instead might employ the term " bat shit crazy " in response to ALL CAPS comments left on their blogs or websites .
" Ever wondered what would happen if a hapless reporter from The New York Times attempted to interview Ann Coulter , the writer , columnist and conservative firebrand ? , " New York Times reporter Dave Itzkoff wrote on Monday .
Itzkoff " sent a few questions via e-mail to Ms. Coulter , the author of books like Guilty : Liberal  Victims  and Their Assault on America and If Democrats Had Any Brains , Theyd Be Republicans , for a story about her debate with Bill Maher at Radio City Music Hall on Monday , " and then posted the results .
Which were in ALL CAPS , as Itzkoff left " all capitalization intact . "
" ILL HAVE YOU KNOW , I AM THE TREASON TIMES MOST LOYAL READER , " Coulter wrote back .
" I WAS HOPING YOUR EMAIL WAS A DISCOUNT SUBSCRIPTION OFFER . "
At the end of her response , Coulter expanded upon her treason charge .
" I THINK I SPEAK FOR ALL AMERICANS WHO THINK NEWSPAPER EDITORS WHO PRINT THE DETAILS OF TOP - SECRET ANTI - TERRORIST INTELLIGENCE GATHERING PROGRAMS ON PAGE ONE IN WARTIME SHOULD BE EXECUTED FOR TREASON , " Coulter wrote .
A right leaning blogger complained about how the paper posted Coulter 's responses .
" It was not a fair fight , which may be why the New York Times reporter chose to put her words in all - caps , as if she were a screaming AOL user on barbs , " Don Surber blogged .
Another blogger just thought that " Coulter used all - caps for her replies to set them apart from his questions . "
However , Gawker suggests Coulter used ALL CAPS " because that 's how she rolls . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
When you play the game Peggle , do you think everything is left up to luck , or skill ?
As it turns out , the answer to this question might say a lot about the nature of gamers – and what makes someone a casual or hard - core player .
In case you have n't heard of Peggle , it 's a title that came out from PopCap Games two years ago ( and a new version was launched a week ago on the Nintendo DS ) .
PopCap is the current king of casual games , those little in - browser gewgaws played by tens of millions of people who do not , normally , play any videogames at all – like moms and grandparents ( or cubicle workers seeking to anesthetize their humdrum existence ) .
PopCap has been the giant of casual gaming .
Indeed , the company pretty much single - handedly created the trend with its 2001 game Bejeweled , which has placed more than 500 million people into a glazed trance .
PopCap quickly followed up Bejeweled with other games like Zuma and Bookworm , all of which went on to become casual hits .
Why are PopCap games so popular ?
If you ask most game designers , they 'd say it 's because PopCap perfectly understands the psychology of casual gamers – and what makes them different from the hard - core crowd .
The dividing lines are generally understood to be two : simplicity and time commitment .
Hard - core gamers are willing to deal with incredibly complex game interfaces – like inventory - management systems , bewildering arrays of power - ups , controllers festooned with a dozen buttons and triggers .
They like the flexibility the complexity gives them .
They 're also willing to commit 10 hours in a row to master a game .
Casual gamers are precisely the opposite :
They want super simple games you can learn instantly and finish playing in a few minutes .
When it comes to simplicity and time commitment , these two styles of gamer are poles apart .
So when PopCap released Peggle , it looked like another game tailored perfectly for casual folks .
Peggle , for those who have n't played it , is like a digital - age version of a pachinko game .
You drop 10 balls down into a constellation of pegs , and they bounce downward until they reach the bottom .
Each time they hit a peg , they eliminate it ; your goal is to clear all the red pegs before you run out of balls .
The rules are incredibly simple , and the game can be played in minutes : A natural for casual folks , right ?
Except soon after Peggle launched , PopCap discovered something weird :
The game was becoming a hit amongst hard - core gamers , too .
And while many casual gamers also loved it , others found it a turnoff .
Why ?
The PopCap guys have several theories .
Possibly the game 's psychedelic graphics freak out casual folks ; possibly the " passive " style of play – you drop the ball , then silently watch as it bounces around the screen – is slightly foreign to the nonstop - clicking vibe of most other casual games .
But when I chatted with Greg Canessa , a PopCap vice president , he suggested another fascinating theory :
That hard - core and casual gamers have different views on the role of luck in the game .
For a casual gamer , Peggle seems too heavily based on luck .
You aim the ball , but once you 've dropped it and it hits the first peg , all bets are off :
It bounces and careens through the forest of pegs in crazy , zigzagging patterns .
For casual players , there does n't seem to be a clear enough correlation between how they aim and the results .
But hard - core gamers see the game quite differently .
When they look at the Peggle board , they see the Euclidean geometry that governs how the ball falls and pings around .
" They 'll be sitting there thinking , ' Oh , if I bounce the ball off that peg it'll hit this other peg and jump over here , where it 'll take out two other colored pegs , " Canessa said .
In other words , hard - core players are comfortable mentally manipulating Peggle 's complex physics .
They can build models about where the ball is going to go , even after the seventh or eight collision .
A frustrated casual gamer looks at Peggle and sees chaos ; a hard - core one sees causality .
( And , being hard - core gamers , this immediately puts them in an absolute lather to try and master the game .
Indeed , one key to succeeding at Peggle is predicting bounces so far in advance that you can win extras by having the ball land in the traveling " rescue " slot at the bottom of the screen . )
The really interesting thing is that – assuming this theory is true – the casual players are misperceiving the role of luck in the game .
Bejeweled , PopCap 's single biggest hit with casual gamers , is in reality far more luck - based than Peggle .
Both types of gamers are seeking out games where they have some sense of control ; that 's part of the fun of a game , after all – a controllable environment .
But the hard - core players are able to see past the apparent luck of Peggle , and to spy its underlying – if extremely complex – rules .
Maybe this is another way that hard - core and soft - core gamers are psychologically different .
When you look at a game – hell , maybe when you look at life – do you see everything governed by chance and fate ?
Or are things up to you ?
- - -
Clive Thompson is a contributing writer for The New York Times Magazine and a regular contributor to Wired and New York magazines .
Look for more of Clive 's observations on his blog , collision detection .
Stem cells can help to repair damaged tissue A combination of drugs could trick the body into sending its repair mechanisms into overdrive , say scientists .
The technique could be used to speed the healing of heart or bone damage , they claim .
The bone marrow of treated mice released 100 times as many stem cells - which help to regenerate tissue .
Imperial College London scientists reported their work in the journal Cell Stem Cell , but said human trials were some years away .
We hope that by releasing extra stem cells , as we were able to do in mice in our study , we could potentially call up extra numbers of whichever stem cells the body needs ,
Dr Sara Rankin
Imperial College London
The release of stem cells by the bone marrow is a natural part of the repair process - different types are sent to replenish tissue depending on the nature of the injury .
However , in some cases , for example the damage caused by heart disease , the repair is not entirely successful , and loss of function persists .
The theory behind the Imperial College research is to boost the quantity of stem cells released , which will hopefully mean a swifter and more complete recovery .
Techniques already exist to increase the numbers of blood cell producing stem cells from the bone marrow , but the study focuses on two other types - endothelial , which produce the cells which make up our blood vessels , and mesenchymal , which can become bone or cartilage cells .
The mice were given firstly a " growth factor " drug - substances that already occur naturally in the bone marrow , then a new drug called Mozobil .
Both endothelial and mesenchymal cells were released at a much greater rate .
Arthritis hope Dr Sara Rankin , one of the researchers , said : " The body repairs itself all the time , However , when the damage is severe , there are limits to what it can do of its own accord .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme " We hope that by releasing extra stem cells , as we were able to do in mice in our study , we could potentially call up extra numbers of whichever stem cells the body needs , in order to boost its ability to mend itself and accelerate the repair process . "
There are also hopes that the technique could help damp down autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis , where the body 's immune system attacks its own tissues .
Mesenchymal stem cells are known to have the ability to damp down the immune system .
The next stage of the research is to see if the extra stem cells circulating in the mice can have a practical benefit - repairing more quickly or more thoroughly the damage caused by a heart attack , for example .
Their hope is that clinical trials in humans may be possible within the next 10 years .
Professor Peter Weissberg , Medical Director at the British Heart Foundation , said : " It has long been known that the bone marrow contains cells that can replace lost or aged blood cells .
" It now seems increasingly likely that the bone marrow also contains cells that have the capacity to repair damaged internal organs , such as the heart and blood vessels , but that too few of them are released to be effective .
" This research has identified some important molecular pathways involved in mobilising these cells .
" It may be possible to develop a drug that interacts with these pathways to encourage the right number and type of stem cells to enter the circulation and repair damage to the heart . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By definition installation art uses interesting material to transform a space and create an experience .
It implies a dissolution of the line between art and life .
It makes us stop and notice our surroundings , it involves us so that we forget for a brief moment where we are , as we become a part of the art itself .
Here we 've collected ten of our favorite indoor and outdoor art installations .
We hope you enjoy them !
Butterfly Installation at Dior Homme Paris by Andrea Mastrovito
9,000 fantasy like butterfly silhouettes making their way through the boutiques white walls and ceiling .
[ link ]
Light Play at Luminato by Michael Levine and KPMB
200 illuminated PVC balloons were tethered together by an intricate web of nautical rope and fitted with lights that were controlled and programmed to change color to the sound of the audience and live music below .
[ link ]
Art installation at Clark Shoes International Headquarters / ROSO
The installation itself was developed from a single observation – Light is only seen when reflected .
A light beam coming through a window is only visible because light is reflected in the millions of dust particles floating in the air .
[ link ]
The Cloud Chandelier at KENZO 's headquarters in Paris by Andy Cao
Inspired from KENZO 's approach of ephemerality , lightness and the explosion of colors , the cloud chandelier is made of steel structure , wire mesh and 3,000 cut crystals .
[ link ] Rabbit Wonderland : Shanghai eArts Festival 2008
A series of innovative outdoor LED interactive sculptures meant to bring color , laughter and warmth to the streets of Shanghai during the 2008 Shanghai eArts Festival presented by Super Nature Design and W+K Shanghai .
The iconic rabbit is seen as a symbol of peace in Chinese culture .
[ link ]
Cityscope – An Urban Kaleidoscope : Cologne , Germany by Marco Hemmerling
A multi-faceted installation which reflects fragments of surrounding buildings .
While moving around the sculpture , the reflections on the glass continuously change .
In this way , the viewer becomes an integral part of the installation and its complex reflections .
As day becomes night , the installation takes on a whole new life .
The structure is lit from within and the reflective , color - distorting film on its surface becomes transparent adding to its fragmented perception theme .
[ link ]
The LightScraper by Electronic Miracles
The LightScraper is a custom built aluminium structure fabricated with a layer or semi translucent mesh .
A single computer and two projectors are used to bring the visuals to life .
The LightScraper also acts as a giant musical instrument , people 's location influence the melodies emitting form the sculpture .
[ link ]
GreenPix : Zero Energy Media Wall by Simone Giostra & Partners and ARUP
The worlds largest color LED display , powered by a photovoltaic system integrated into the glass curtain wall .
This Media Wall showcased a selection of specially commissioned video installations and live performances by artists from China , Europe and the US .
[ link ]
Robert Stadler installation in the Saint - Paul Saint - Louis church
During the Nuit Blanche all - night cultural festival in the city on 6 October .
Nuit Blanche is an annual festival that started in Paris in 2002 , with museums , galleries and other venues open all night .
[ link ]
Louis Vuitton Plasma Screen Staircase at Rome's Via Condotti
By Ed Cohen
Imagine if instead of playing two forgettable seasons for the Washington Wizards , Michael Jordan had come out of retirement and gone back to …North Carolina .
As in the University of .
And that he played basketball for his alma mater again at age 39 .
Why not ?
Well , assuming he would have even wanted to , there was one insurmountable roadblock : Jordan left college a year early , so , theoretically , he had one year of playing eligibility remaining .
But he forfeited that as soon as he turned pro .
Which brings me to my idea .
Pro athletes who start college but leave early — which is now the norm for all top U.S. male basketball players — should be allowed to return to college and play when their professional careers are over .
They could play for any college , not just their alma mater .
This would be great fun for fans and the players .
You could call them “ encore players . ”
They would inspire people old and young and could even make a boatload of money for their universities .
Imagine 10 years from now , Carmelo Anthony returns to Syracuse ( he played there only one year ) or Dwyane Wade goes back to Marquette ( three seasons ) .
Or imagine LeBron or Kobe — players who went straight from high school to the pros—getting the chance to live out their college basketball dreams somewhere in the twilight of their athletic careers .
( Since 2005 players have had to be at least 19 to enter the NBA , which is why almost all of them enroll in college for at least one year .
You know whom I ’m talking about , John Wall . )
Here ’s how the system would work and why it would be great :
· The retired pros would come in strictly as walk - ons .
As such they would n’t cost the program any scholarships .
They ’d have to enroll and pay full price for tuition and fees .
That should n’t be much of a hardship for major league athletes with years of mulitmillion - dollar service .
· They would have to abide by all eligibility rules , including attending and passing their classes .
This would have many benefits , including demonstrating they were serious when they appeared in all those “ stay - in - school ” and “ education matters ” commercials .
It would also send a powerful message about the rewards of lifelong learning .
· Then there ’s the inspiration to remain active and fit .
Seeing a retired legend playing meaningful , if limited , minutes alongside athletes half their age would be like Tom Watson nearly pulling off victory in the 2009 British Open when he was nearly 60 .
· The presence of these retired greats would be a sideshow , and I mean that in the most positive way .
It would create more interest in the programs , which would boost attendance and TV ratings .
That money could help underwrite not only non-revenue sports like women ’s volleyball and fencing but contribute to general scholarship funds .
· Encore players could actually help their schools win basketball games .
They would n’t have to play 40 or even 30 minutes .
They could come off the bench as three - point specialists or defensive stoppers .
Most college teams could find minutes for a 39 - year - old Michael Jordan , especially the Tar Heels in 2001 , his first year with the Wizards .
North Carolina went 8 - 20 that season .
· When they were n’t playing , these greats could serve as valuable assistant player - coaches , teaching young players what it takes to be a pro .
Their presence could also serve as a prime recruiting tool .
( “ Well , son , Duke is fine a school , but how would you like to play alongside Michael Jordan ? ” ) .
· Each season would bring a fresh round of excitement over the coming year ’s crop of encore players .
They could have their own national signing day .
There would be complications , of course .
It ’s fun to imagine a retired Jordan or Wade returning to college after their glory years .
But most pro players do not enjoy long and lucrative careers .
They bounce around minor leagues in the United States and overseas eking out a living until they realize they ’re never going to make it to the big show .
Should these folks be allowed back ?
Why not ?
As long as they ’re good enough and can afford to play for nothing and also pay tuition .
Such considerations would likely weed out most of the journeymen .
As would another stipulation : No bouncing back to the pros .
Encore playing would not be to showcase players who are past their prime and out of work but hoping score one last pro contract .
That ’s what Europe is for .
Participants would have to agree to forego any further professional competition .
This would be impossible to enforce , of course , but one could at least get the athlete to sign a pledge .
Another potential concern would be professionals tainting the amateur college game .
But the traditionally amateur Olympics have long since abandoned that prohibition .
You ’ll see many pro hockey players representing their countries in the winter games , not to mention the NBA dream teams .
Besides , the encore players would n’t be professionals , they ’d be former professionals .
Who knows how many greats would want to spend a year or two or four in college after their pro careers were over ?
Not many , perhaps .
And probably not any in the more physically demanding sports like football .
But it ’s fun to imagine .
And it ’s worth a try .
pv ( Pipe Viewer ) can be inserted into any normal pipeline between two processes to give a visual indication of how quickly data is passing through , how long it has taken , how near to completion it is , and an estimate of how long it will be until completion .
To use it , insert it in a pipeline between two processes , with the appropriate options .
Its standard input will be passed through to
Install pv using the following command
#apt - get install pv
pv Syntax
pv [ OPTION ] [ FILE ] ...
pv [ - h | - V ]
pv Examples
pv will copy each supplied FILE in turn to standard output (- means standard input ) , or if no FILEs are specified just standard input is copied .
This is the same behaviour as cat .
A simple example to watch how quickly a file is transferred using nc
pv file | nc -w 1 somewhere.com 3000
A similar example , transferring a file from another process and passing the expected size to pv :
cat file | pv -s 12345 | nc -w 1 somewhere.com 3000
A more complicated example using numeric output to feed into the dialog program for a full - screen progress display :
( tar cf -- . \
| pv -n -s `du - sb . | awk ‘{ print $ 1}'` \
| gzip - 9 > out.tgz ) 2>&1 \
| dialog -- gauge ‘ Progress ' 7 70
Frequent use of this third form is not recommended as it may cause the programmer to overheat .
Available Options
If no display switches are specified , pv behaves as if - p , -t , -e , -r , and - b had been given ( i.e. everything is switched on ) .
Otherwise , only those display types that are explicitly switched on will be shown .
-p , --progress
Turn the progress bar on .
If standard input is not a file and no size was given ( with the -s modifier ) , the progress bar cannot indicate how close to completion the transfer is , so it will just move left and right to indicate that data is moving .
-t , -- timer Turn the timer on .
This will display the total elapsed time that pv has been running for .
-e , -- eta Turn the ETA timer on .
This will attempt to guess , based on previous transfer rates and the total data size , how long it will be before completion .
This option will have no effect if the total data size cannot be determined .
-r , --rate Turn the rate counter on .
This will display the current rate of data transfer .
-b , -- bytes Turn the total byte counter on .
This will display the total amount of data transferred so far .
-n , --numeric Numeric output .
Instead of giving a visual indication of progress , pv will give an integer percentage , one per line , on standard error , suitable for piping ( via convoluted redirection ) into dialog .
Note that -f is not required if -n is being used .
-q , -- quiet No output .
Useful if the - L option is being used on its own to just limit the transfer rate of a pipe .
Output Modifiers
-W , -- wait Wait until the first byte has been transferred before showing any progress information or calculating any ETAs .
Useful if the program you are piping to or from requires extra information before it starts , eg piping data into gpg or mcrypt which require a passphrase before data can be processed .
-s SIZE , -- size SIZE
Assume the total amount of data to be transferred is SIZE bytes when calculating percentages and ETAs .
The same suffixes of " k " , " m " etc can be used as with - L. -l , -- line - mode Instead of counting bytes , count lines ( newline characters ) .
The progress bar will only move when a new line is found , and the value passed to the -s option will be interpreted as a line count .
-i SEC , -- interval SEC
Wait SEC seconds between updates .
The default is to update every second .
Note that this can be a decimal such as 0.1 .
-w WIDTH , -- width WIDTH
Assume the terminal is WIDTH characters wide , instead of trying to work it out ( or assuming 80 if it cannot be guessed ) .
-H HEIGHT , -- height HEIGHT
Assume the terminal is HEIGHT rows high , instead of trying to work it out ( or assuming 25 if it cannot be guessed ) .
-N NAME , -- name NAME Prefix the output information with NAME .
Useful in conjunction with -c if you have a complicated pipeline and you want to be able to tell different parts of it apart .
-f , -- force Force output .
Normally , pv will not output any visual display if standard error is not a terminal .
This option forces it to do so .
-c , --cursor
Use cursor positioning escape sequences instead of just using carriage returns .
This is useful in conjunction with - N ( name ) if you are using multiple pv invocations in a single , long , pipeline .
Data Transfer Modifiers
-L RATE , --rate - limit RATE
Limit the transfer to a maximum of RATE bytes per second .
A suffix of " k " , " m " , " g " , or " t " can be added to denote kilobytes ( * 1024 ) , megabytes , and so on .
-B BYTES , -- buffer - size BYTES
Use a transfer buffer size of BYTES bytes .
A suffix of " k " , " m " , " g " , or " t " can be added to denote kilobytes ( * 1024 ) , megabytes , and so on .
The default buffer size is the block size of the input file 's filesystem multiplied by 32 ( 512 kb max ) , or 400 kb if the block size can not be determined .
-R PID , -- remote PID
If PID is an instance of pv that is already running , -R PID will cause that instance to act as though it had been given this instance 's command line instead .
For example , if pv -L 123 k is running with process ID 9876 , then running pv - R 9876 - L 321 k will cause it to start using a rate limit of 321k instead of 123k .
Note that some options cannot be changed while running , such as - c , -l , and -f .
General Options
-h , -- help Print a usage message on standard output and exit successfully .
-V , --version Print version information on standard output and exit successfully .
THERE was high drama at CNBC yesterday as “ Fast Money ” anchor Dylan Ratigan quit — sources say today will be his last day on - air — and an insider is blaming his battles with network big Susan Krakower .
Krakower — the VP for strategic programming and development who co-created “ Fast Money ” with Ratigan — “ is partially responsible for this .
She ’s been ignoring him for months and he could n’t get the attention he deserved , ” the insider said .
Page Six heard a tape of highly volatile Ratigan , who also co-anchors “ The Call ” and “ Closing Bell , ” ranting to a producer at a commercial break last summer : “ Do n’t ask me to talk about every [ bleep ] ing e-mail that comes up on the screen .
I ’m not going to host a [ bleep ] ing TV show that consists of reading [ bleep ] ing e-mails to [ bleep ] ing traders . ”
He then accuses Krakower of never addressing his concerns in private .
“ You know what , Susan , I ’m in the middle of hosting a show right now , so now is an unwelcome time to hear your voice . . .
If you want to pull me off the show , please do , ” he roars .
“ [ You are ] rude and disrespectful .
. . .
You lie to me routinely . ”
Our source says Ratigan ’s contract expires Wednesday and he ’s talked to other networks .
Another insider said , “ Everybody is buzzing about this today .
And at [ CNBC Senior VP ] Jonathan
Wald ‘s going - away party the other night , Dylan and [ CNBC President ]
Mark Hoffman were barely speaking to each other .
It also comes down to Dylan wanting to take his career to the next level with some new show , and I ’m not sure CNBC is willing .
But who knows , maybe they ’ll make a last - minute deal with him to stay . ”
CNBC rep Brian Steel refused to say if Ratigan had quit or address possible negotiations .
He issued a statement : “ The premise of your story is incorrect .
Susan Krakower , who oversaw the development of ‘ Fast Money , ’ is one of the most talented people at CNBC . ”
Alan Berger , Ratigan ’s agent , did not return repeated calls .
There are more concerns about police brutality in Prince George 's County .
The department has released police dash cam video that apparently shows officers John Wynkoop and Scott Wilson beating and pepper - spraying a Latino driver last October .
The officers can also be heard mocking the driver 's accent on the tape .
Wynkoop said they pulled over 30 - year - old Rafael Rodriguez because he had blue - tinted lights on his car , which are illegal .
They ended up charging Rodriguez with assault , but those charges were dropped Friday .
Police Chief Roberto Hylton said Wynkoop and Wilson have been suspended from the force with pay pending an internal investigation .
" Our officers need to understand that a person 's accent does not dictate the level of service that 's provided to any individual [ in ] this community , " said Hylton .
" This police department is a very professional police department .
We 're going to deliver service in a very professional manner [...] and address everyone with dignity and respect . "
Brian Myerson said he had been hit by the effects of the economic downturn A City tycoon hit by the recession has failed in court to cut an £ 11 m divorce settlement with his former wife .
Brian Myerson , 50 , agreed the deal from £ 25.8 m of assets , including shares in his company , last year .
Mr Myerson told the Court of Appeal the value of the shares had dropped so much that instead of receiving £ 14.6 m , he was half - a- million out of pocket .
But three appeal judges ruled that " natural price fluctuation " did not justify a change in the settlement .
Cash settlement
After the ruling , the tycoon 's spokesman said : " Mr Myerson is disappointed that the court failed to recognise that the economic downturn had rendered his divorce settlement unfair .
" The aim of Mr Myerson 's appeal has always been to ensure that the division of assets with his ex-wife was equitable and he will now take his appeal to the House of Lords .
" A separate consequence of this appeal is that in July the High Court will hear a freestanding application to cancel the further payments that are presently due to his ex-wife under the terms of the existing settlement .
That hearing will be in private . "
The couple married in December 1982 and have two sons and a daughter .
Under the divorce settlement reached in Match last year , Mr Myerson 's sculptor ex-wife , who lives in Hampstead , north London , will be paid a total of £ 9.5 m over four years .
She also received a £ 1.5 m property in South Africa .
' Unforeseen forces '
It was agreed that she should get a cash settlement and he would keep all the shares in his company , Principle Capital Investment Trust , which has offices around the world .
The court was told the value of each of the shares had fallen from £ 3 to 27.5 pence since the settlement .
Martin Pointer QC , representing Mr Myerson , told the judges : " The husband 's case is that the unforeseeable and unforeseen combination of forces at play within the global economy has undermined the assumptions upon which the order was made . "
Mr Pointer said the wife 's share of the total assets under the order would be 105 % and the husband 's would be minus 5 % .
" Arguably it could be worse than that , " he added .
Giving the court 's ruling , Lord Justice Thorpe said : " When a businessman takes a speculative position in compromising his wife 's claims , why should the court subsequently relieve him of the consequences of his speculation by rewriting the bargain at his behest ? "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Finally , the Vatican ’s top bioethics official , Archbishop Rino Fisichella , also criticized the initial stance , saying the “ credibility of our teaching took a blow as it appeared , in the eyes of many , to be insensitive , incomprehensible and lacking mercy . ”
The case has brought to light other instances of young girls being raped and impregnated by family members , especially in the poorer northeastern region .
The number of legal abortions of girls ages 10 to 14 more than doubled last year to 49 , up from 22 in 2007 , the Ministry of Health reported .
That was out of 3,050 legal abortions performed last year in a country of more than 190 million .
But the vast majority of Brazil ’s abortions are not legal .
The Ministry of Health estimates about one million unsafe or clandestine abortions every year .
Brazil ’s abortion laws are among the strictest in Latin America .
Only Chile , El Salvador and Nicaragua , which have banned abortion outright for any reason , are stricter , according to the Center for Reproductive Rights , which supports abortion rights .
In some parts of the region , most notably Mexico City , where first - trimester abortions are now legal , laws have been relaxed .
But in other areas and countries , legislators have sought to toughen the restrictions on abortion .
Twenty years ago , Brazil had just one center to perform abortions .
Today , beyond the 55 clinics that can perform them , another 400 or so treat patients that have been sexually abused .
“ It ’s still not enough , ” said Beatriz Galli , a policy associate and human rights lawyer with Ipas , an organization pushing to expand women ’s reproductive rights .
Most state - financed clinics are in capitals that can be as far as an 11 - hour boat ride away , and they are concentrated in the wealthier southeast region .
An unrivalled phenomenon in the history of music
La Folia ( pronounce as ' lah foh - LEE - ah ' ) , literally meaning madness , folly , or empty - headedness is one of the most remarkable phenomena in the history of music .
This simple but intriguing tune was first published in 1672 .
Its roots go back to the 16th century .
It would remain a major challenge for numerous composers up to the present day ; ranging from a part of a famous Bach Cantata to a popular film tune in the hit charts by Vangelis .
The flexibility of the theme to incorporate and adapt features of new musical styles is not only amazing but also essential for its survival .
Another striking feature is the variety of instruments used to play the theme in a completely natural way .
How about bassoon , bird - organ , brass quintet , carillon , clavichord , English handbells , mandolin , nyckelharpa , rebab , salterio , sitar and ukulele to name a few ?
In most literature La Folia ceased to exist in the middle of the 19th century with a convulsion in the 1930's with the variations by Rachmaninoff and Ponce .
But in fact the theme of La Folia has never been so popular for composers as in the last decades .
The most striking feature of La Folia , however is that the theme is not well - known to a larger public , although more than 150 composers for over 330 years made lots of brilliant variations .
I hope this site will contribute to the fame La Folia deserves in the history of music .
The ' later '
Folia
Richard Hudson
The main founder of Folía reseach
In 1937 Mary Neal Hamilton ( p. 24 , 149 ) claimed it was Gaspar Sanz who wrote the original famous ' later '
Folia but other authors point at the key role Francesco Corbetta played .
Personally I assign great authority to Falconieri who already in 1650 published a Folia with all the features of the later Folia presented except for the standard melody but there is already a very slow chromatic variation ( stretching the chords over the bars ) .
To make things even more confusing the ' later '
Folia chord progression is already detectable in the Fitzwilliam Virginal Book which can be traced back to 1618 as part of an anonymous tune called Pakington 's Pownde ( which manuscript was only ' rediscovered ' in 1740 so its role in popularizing the Folia - theme is limited ) .
However at Venice the later Folia chord progression was published in Uccellini's Sinfonia 5 dated back to 1660 .
Since ' borrowing ' music was common practice in the 17th Century it is very difficult to establish who borrowed or adapted this tune from whom .
The fact is that it evolved from existing tunes and the role of Lully , who definitely had the help of André Philidor , the oboe specialist of the time , can easily be overestimated .
The ' early '
Folia
The name " Folia " is of Iberian origin and refers to a fertility dance in three - four time originating in the late 15th century .
The first time the name emerges is in a text by the Portuguese dramatist Gil Vicente entitled " Auto de Sibilla Cassandra " .
In music Folia meant , at least till the 1670's , a very quick - paced and tumultuous dance , in which the dancers carried men dressed as women upon their shoulders .
They were literally driven mad by the noise and the stirring rhythm .
There were still many different basic themes and there was not one single fundamental melody that dominated the rest for the so called ' early ' Folia .
These Folias became very popular in Spain and Italy .
Through the adaptation of the rhythm and the catchy melody into some kind of solemn passacaglia , La Folia gained popularity , not in the least in the higher circles of society .
Jean -Baptiste Lully in 1672 composed the perfectly symmetrical musical edifice which has inspired many composers up to the present day to write their own variations for a diversity of instruments and orchestrations , varying from 3 ' simple ' variations for solo harp to 24 variations for a full symphonic orchestra ( Salieri ) .
Another detail of a dutch manuscript as part of the family - archive Bosch , van ( von ) Rosenthal and relatives dated back to the year 1695 .
© Rijksarchief Gelderland , used with permission
The focus of this website
We will here concentrate upon the version perfected by Lully , the so called ' later ' Folia , because the structure is easily recognizable ( although it becomes more difficult with the modern elaborated ones ) , and also because there is so much fascinating material available derived from this wonderful version alone , which flourished particularly in France and England .
Composers in Germany ( apart from W. Abel ) seem to have avoided any involvement with the ' early ' or ' later ' folia theme until this century , while in the Scandinavian countries the later Folia became entangled in the traditional folksong culture .
Jan Ling wrote about the Folia : " A very typical wandering melody is " La folia , " with its unique rhythmic and melodic profile ( New Grove , vol. 6 , p. 691 ) .
All kinds of texts have been set to it , from children 's and calendar songs to political songs " .
In Finland , for instance , the tune was extended with another 8 bars ( which are repeated to restore the symmetry ) as an answer to the Folia theme and is widely known as the Lampaanpolska .
In Sweden the tune is known as Sinclairsvisan and it must have been quite popular at the time when Anders Odel ( 1718 - 1773 ) wrote a text on the melody .
There are many local variants of this tune and texts circulating in Sweden to give it a political character .
It is believed that the song contributed to the political upheaval against the Russians because it often describes in one way or the other the murder of a Swedish diplomat in 1739 the rumor even goes by the Russian government .
We can detect a Norwegian Folia quite similar to the Lampaanpolska and Sinclairsvisan in one of Edvard Grieg 's arrangements of Norwegian Folksongs and even the rumour goes that in Iceland the Folia is known mainly as a drinking tune but with a very different text than the Swedish version .
However , I have not yet found concrete evidence for the Iceland version .
The later Folia also found its way into the popular folksong culture in the Low Countries , where quite a number of spiritual and secular songs set to the tune of the ' Folies d'Espagne ' were published during the 18th century according to the study of Erik Bosgraaf and some sources at the Digitale Bibliotheek voor de Nederlandse Letteren ( Digital Library of Dutch Literature .
THE FRAMEWORK OF THE LATER FOLIA
the basic chord progression in the key of d minor ,
the key that 's most often used for the later Folia :
/ DM___ /A7___ / DM___ / C___ / F___ / C___ / DM___ / A7___ /
/ DM___ /A7___ / DM___ / C___ / F___ / C___ /dm A7__/DM___ /
The framework twice with the
melody added the second time .
Duration : 1 '16 " , 2kB .
The framework in the key of g minor by Hudson , Vol I , p. XVIII
Richard Hudson ( p. xvi , Vol 1 ) compares some features of the ' early ' and ' later ' Folia .
They are both in triple meter , have more or less parallel halves with the mid-cadence on V but the differences are even more interesting .
To name a few without getting into too many details : the chief musical distinction concerns the rhythmic structure , which has its opening accent in the earlier type on the dominant ( V chord ) , in the latter type on the tonic ( I - chord ) .
The early folia may use a major or minor tonic chord or mix them within a single statement , whereas the later folia uses a minor tonic chord .
The accents in rhythm in the early folia with its fast tempo are caused by chord changes in the second beat , while in the later folia there are hardly any chord - changes within a bar ( except for bar 15 ) , so the accent is caused by dotted 2nd beats of melody , especially in odd - numbered measures .
Different Folias from the Canary Islands and from Brazil
Quite independently from these works , the Folia is also a folk song in the Canary Islands , slow and lyrical in character and usually accompanied on the guitar or the timple , a small guitar of the Canary Islands .
Sometimes this folk song is also used in art music like the ' Folias Canarias ' written by Joaquín Rodrigo in 1948 .
The Brazilian culture which is rich with Afro-Brazilian folklore and traditions is known for his ' Folia de Reis ' which means ' Folly of the Kings ' .
It is the name of a celebration brought to Brazil by African slaves in the 18th century ; it is a secular version of the Bible story of the three kings , or Magi , and runs from December 24 to January 6 .
Because there is no direct relation with the earlier mentioned musical structure these Folias will be ignored here .
With hundreds of different Hiking gear brands such as North Face equipment , Coleman and CamelBak in the market nowadays , choosing the right pieces of hiking equipment that you need in your trips can be very difficult and time - consuming .
Here are 10 of the most useful hiking gear that you do without and still survive your camping trip .
But having them in your backpack or with you can really make the hiking experience even better .
1. Marmot Aura Tent
Marmot Aura tent is a lightweight backpacking , 2 - persons tent , that ’s absolutely perfect for hiking trip .
Weighing less than 5 pounds , the main features of Marmot Aura tent includes strong and stable aluminum DAC frame that can easily be set up in minutes , unique pole configuration that saves weight , near vertical walls that provide ample space for the occupants ’ movement and two doors for quick bear escapes .
( Buy at : marmot )
2. Down Hugger EXP sleeping bag :
Designed specially for chilly outdoor expeditions , Down Hugger EXP sleeping bag provides a good night ’s sleep outdoors like any other even in minus 20 degree temperatures .
The durable elastic stitching system of the sleeping bag provides matchless freedom of movement .
Simultaneously drawing the insulation closer to your body , the stitching system also minimizes dead space to stay heated throughout the night .
Main features of the Down Hugger EXP sleeping bag includes neck adjuster , tunnel hood , neck baffle , draft tube and a foot adjuster to keep you comfortable in the sleeping bag from head to toe .
( Buy at : MontBell )
3. Coleman Traipse X45 backpack :
The new 2008 Coleman Traipse X45 backpack allows you to trek through the woods without having any feeling of heavy load burden on your back .
Weighing just 3 pounds , the lightweight internal frame of Traipse x45 hiking backpack has a capacity of 45 liters and allows weight - conscious campers to keep it light without having to endure any of the unnecessary dilemmas when packing for mountain hiking .
Coleman Traipse X45 backpack has features such as floating top lid , reflective loops with plastic sheathing , zippered and divided kangaroo pocket .
The adjustable sliding sternum strap and fixed structure pad waist belt provide comfort when carrying the bag .
( Buy at : Coleman )
4. Mountain House Food :
A mountain house food is a quick and tasty meal of mashed potatoes and grilled chicken breast that are cooked and flavored with herbs and chives .
The standup pouch of mountain house food includes ready to eat fully - cooked grilled chicken and only needs boiling water to make it ready to serve .
( Buy at : Mountain House )
5. Picnic for one :
This particular picnic set which is made from lightweight durable materials is specially designed for adventurers and arduous sportsmen .
Whether it is a plate , spice castor , cutlery or a cup , each individual element of the set serves its purpose .
All elements of the set are ingenuously fit together inside a waterproof cylinder case for genuine portability .
( Buy at : Dezernat030 )
6. Light Hiking Shoes :
Ahnu Moraga light hiking shoes offer waterproof protection for quick hiking trips .
The Quitelight construction principle of the shoes focuses on superior comfort and the materials used in construction offers exceptional strength to weight ratio .
Main features of the light hiking shoes include waterproof full - grain leather , polyester lining wick moisture , compression - molded EVA midsoles for shock absorption , non-marking rubber outsoles .
( Buy at : REI )
7. Camping Rope :
Ideal for hiking and other outdoor activities like securing equipment , the heavy duty camping rope is a very useful and an essential tool for hiking .
The durability of the camping rope depends greatly on how hard it was pulled and how often the hikers use it .
8. Garmin Colorado GPS :
Whether you are hiking or fishing in an unfamiliar river or Geocaching with family , Garmin Colorado GPS brings your environment to life in an unprecedented detail .
Available in different versions , Garmin Colorado 400 series sports an innovative scroll wheel joystick controller .
With so many features and customizable options , Garmin Colorado is both remarkable and easy to use .
( Buy at : Garmin )
9. Multi-function Crutch :
Specially designed for hiking purpose and are suitable for all age groups from children to older adults for climbing or other outdoor activities , multifunctional crutch is an excellent handmade hiking stick .
It is a multifunctional forearm crutch that has a LED torch with alarm and red signals , and also an excellent shock absorber with superior shock absorbing characteristics .
( Buy at : Gadget4all )
10 . Waterproof binoculars :
If you love observing birds while hiking in the woods , do n’t forget to carry this hiking gear .
Having a waterproof binocular allows you to view distant objects using both eyes .
Hand held binocular range from glasses with 7 to 12 diameters magnification to small 3 x 10 opera glasses used in theatres .
Fog proof and water proof binoculars are durably designed to withstand the very adventures that you love to magnify .
( Buy at : RvCampingNow )
More Resourses :
Camping Gadgets
Camping Kitchen Brands to Cook in the Great Outdoors
While you and I try to eat our plastic - wrapped dinner in cattle class , first class passengers in Swiss International 's flights would be able to chat up passengers and invite them to their table for two .
Advertisement
The new design — which will debut in their new A330 airplanes — is quite a change from traditional my - cabin - is - my - oyster first class designs .
According to the airline , it 's more " architectural " which goes with the " design language of the brand . "
According to Paul Estoppey , senior manager and head of cabin interior development for Swiss International :
Our product drive is primarily intended to [ lots of corpospeak here ]
I think that in the context of the current economic climate there may be opportunities for [ blah blah blah .
blah ] while at the same time maintaining very high levels of comfort .
Advertisement
Quick translation : " New seat for rich people .
The rest of you please keep eating your cardboard chicken . "
[ Flight Global ]
15,000 attend Southern California tax revolt rally , national media silent
We hate the media in general , but we love afternoon talk show hosts John & Ken of KFI radio in L.A .
And if the media ignores their popular tax revolt , we ’ll give them a hand .
The talk team drew 15,000 people last week to their “ Revolt , Recall , Repeal Rally ” to protest California ’s $ 50 billion tax increase and to begin recall efforts aimed at the governor and several state legislators .
it was covered locally , but did you see any national coverage ?
Ten NOW protestors on the on the White House steps makes news , but not 15,000 in a tax revolt ?
Of course , we ’re not surprised .
During the rally , DVDs and VHS tapes of Schwarzenegger ’s movies were enthusiastically trashed by the crowd .
John & Ken provided “ The Shredinator ” to shred other Schwarzenegger memorabilia .
The KFI hosts also played recordings of Schwartzenegger promising he would never raise taxes , which elicited a loud , angry response from the crowd .
“ This has been a complete disaster and it ’s time to do something about it , ” they said .
“ He should be apologizing to you and he should be resigning ! ”
John & Ken are the best talk show hosts in America .
If you ’ve never heard them rant and rave , check them out at KFI640.com .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Lawmakers grilled the top executives from eight of the nation 's largest financial institutions Wednesday about their apparent lack of willingness to lend to consumers and businesses despite taking in billions of dollars in government aid .
At a closely - watched hearing before the House Financial Services Committee , members of Congress blasted the eight CEOs , including the heads of embattled firms Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) and Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) , for their actions since the eight banks collectively received $ 165 billion in capital last fall .
" There is a great deal of anger in the country , much of it justified , about past practices , " Barney Frank , D - Mass , the chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , noted in his opening remarks .
Public resentment for these banks has soared in recent weeks amid concerns that some financial institutions have used taxpayer money for purposes other than lending at a time when people across the country are struggling to stay in their homes or losing their jobs .
Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) , for example , had planned a trip to Las Vegas for members of its mortgage team until news reports blasted it as a " junket " that wasted taxpayer money .
And Citigroup was scheduled to take delivery of a new $ 50 million corporate jet before the White House convinced the bank otherwise .
Many of the CEOs at Wednesday 's hearing defended their actions , noting that while credit standards have tightened , they were continuing to issue loans .
Several of the CEOs added that without government assistance , credit would be even harder to obtain .
" We are still lending , and we are lending far more because of the TARP program , " Bank of America Chairman and CEO Ken Lewis said in a copy of his prepared remarks .
Lewis , whose firm has received $ 45 billion in government assistance from the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , told lawmakers that his company extended more than $ 115 billion in new credit to consumers and businesses during the fourth quarter .
Those remarks were echoed by the seven other CEOs testifying Wednesday , including Citigroup chief Vikram Pandit , JPMorgan Chase 's ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) Jamie Dimon and John Stumpf of Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) .
That trio , as well as BofA , were among the banks that received the bulk of the first round of capital injections .
Wall Street firms Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) and Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) as well as Bank of New York Mellon ( BK , Fortune 500 ) and State Street ( STT , Fortune 500 ) rounded out the list .
Merrill Lynch , which was subsequently acquired by Bank of America , also received funding at that time .
Lawmakers hardly appeared convinced , citing anecdotes from local business owners who were unable to get access to credit as well as constituents facing stiffer terms on their credit card accounts and having their home equity lines suspended .
" Start loaning the money that we gave you .
Get it on the street ! " said Rep. Michael Capuano , D - Mass .
Bonuses under fire
Lawmakers were also quick to seize on the issue of compensation within the banking industry , particularly in light of recent reports that Wall Street firms paid out more than $ 18 billion in bonuses in 2008 .
In addition , New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo accused Merrill Lynch Wednesday of " secretly " handing out bonuses before its merger with BofA closed .
But some of the executives that appeared before Congress Wednesday were quick to defend their position , pointing out that they gave up their annual bonus .
Several even conceded that the way compensation is doled out in the industry needs to be fixed .
Calls for financial firms to change their compensation practices have grown increasingly louder during the crisis , including tying bonuses more to firms ' overall performance as well as instituting so - called " clawback " provisions that reclaim pay from workers whose actions may damage the firm 's long - term financial health .
President Obama has already instituted new limits on compensation for executives of banks requiring further assistance from the government .
But those rules are not retroactive .
Citigroup 's Pandit , who collected a salary of $ 1 million last year and no bonus , told lawmakers that he would accept pay of just $ 1 a year and no bonus until his firm returned to profitability .
Citigroup has lost more than $ 20 billion in the past five quarters .
" We will hold ourselves accountable for what we do , and that starts with me , " said Pandit .
Paying back the government sooner than expected ?
The possibility of some of the eight banks paying back the government as soon as possible also came up during the hearing .
Several CEOs testifying Wednesday indicated they would like to repay the government ahead of schedule , partly out of fear of more regulation .
Under the current terms of TARP , banks can only buy out the government 's stake as long as the money comes from an equity offering of a similar amount that meets government approval .
" That is a legal impediment at this point , " said JPMorgan Chase 's Dimon .
When Treasury first announced its capital injection plan in October , JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo reportedly scoffed at the idea that they should take government funds .
But they were given little choice as former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson hoped that providing capital to all of the nation 's top banks would keep credit flowing and prevent the economy from deteriorating any further .
Several lawmakers noted they were not opposed to banks returning the funds , adding that they would attempt to find a way that would allow them to pay the money back early , something that would probably require new legislation .
" For anyone who contends that you do not need the money and that you did not ask for it , please find a way to return that money to the Treasury Department before you leave town , " said Paul Kanjorski , D - Penn .
Where will you live when we move from our savage planetary existence to interstellar life on massive , engineered structures ?
We 've got a gallery of concept art featuring some gorgeous , awe - inspiring ideas .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
The State 's Silent Takeover Germany 's Big Banking Bailout
The German government wants to buy up large segments of the domestic banking sector .
In addition to the partial nationalization of many ailing financial institutions , Berlin 's plans include a complete takeover -- by expropriation , if necessary .
und Wolfgang Reuter Von Christian Reiermann
ERROR :
Javascript not activated
Hoover Dam , originally known as Boulder Dam , is a concrete arch - gravity dam in the Black Canyon of the Colorado River , on the border between the U.S. states of Arizona and Nevada .
When completed in 1935 , it was both the world 's largest electric - power generating station and the world 's largest concrete structure .
It was surpassed in both these respects by the Grand Coulee Dam in 1945 .
It is currently the world 's 35th - largest hydroelectric generating station . [ 3 ]
This dam , located 30 miles ( 48 km ) southeast of Las Vegas , Nevada , is named after Herbert Hoover , who played an instrumental role in its construction , first as the Secretary of Commerce and then later as the President of the United States .
Construction began in 1931 and was completed in 1936 , more than two years ahead of schedule .
The dam and the power plant are operated by the Bureau of Reclamation of the U.S. Department of the Interior .
Listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 , Hoover Dam was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1985 . [ 2 ] [ 4 ]
Lake Mead is the reservoir created behind the dam , named after Elwood Mead , who oversaw the construction of the dam .
// if ( window.showTocToggle ) { var tocShowText = " show " ; var tocHideText = " hide " ; showTocToggle ( ) ; } //
[ edit ]
Planning and agreements
A view from the air of the dam from over Lake Mead
A commission was formed in 1922 with a representative from each of the Basin states and one from the Federal Government .
The federal representative was Herbert Hoover , then Secretary of Commerce under President Warren Harding .
In January 1922 , Hoover met with the state governors of Arizona , California , Colorado , Nevada , New Mexico , Utah , and Wyoming to work out an equitable arrangement for apportioning the waters of the Colorado River for their states ' use .
The resulting Colorado River Compact , signed on November 24 , 1922 , split the river basin into upper and lower halves with the states within each region deciding how the water would be divided .
This agreement , known as the Hoover Compromise , paved the way for the Boulder Dam Project .
This huge dam was built to provide irrigation water flow , for flood control , and for hydroelectric - power generation .
The first attempt to gain Congressional approval for construction of Boulder Dam came in 1922 with the introduction of two bills in the House of Representatives and the Senate .
The bills were introduced by Congressman Phil D. Swing and Senator Hiram W. Johnson and were known as the Swing - Johnson bills .
The bills failed to come up for a vote and were subsequently reintroduced several times .
In December 1928 , both the House and the Senate finally approved the bill and sent it to the President for approval .
On December 21 , 1928 , President Calvin Coolidge signed the bill approving the Boulder Canyon Project .
The initial appropriation for construction was made in July 1930 , by which time Herbert Hoover had become President .
Early plans called for the dam to be built in Boulder Canyon , so the project was known as the Boulder Canyon Project .
The dam site was eventually moved downstream eight miles ( 13 km ) to Black Canyon , but the project name remained the same .
[ edit ] Contractors
Boulder Dam site ( proposed ) , circa 1921
River view of Boulder ( Hoover ) dam site , circa 1904
Sketch of proposed damsite & reservoir , circa 1921
The contract to make the Boulder Dam was awarded to Six Companies , Inc. on March 11 , 1931 , [ 5 ] a joint venture of Morrison - Knudsen Company of Boise , Idaho ; Utah Construction Company of Ogden , Utah ; Pacific Bridge Company of Portland , Oregon ; Henry J. Kaiser & W. A. Bechtel Company of Oakland , California ; MacDonald & Kahn Ltd. of Los Angeles ; and the J.F. Shea Company of Portland , Oregon .
The chief executive of Six Companies , Frank Crowe , had previously invented many of the techniques used to build the dam .
During the concrete - pouring and curing portion of construction , it was necessary to circulate refrigerated water through tubes in the concrete .
This was to remove the heat generated by the chemical reactions that solidify the concrete , since the setting and curing of the concrete was calculated to take about 125 years if cooling was not done .
Six Companies , Inc. , did much of this work , but it discovered that such a large refrigeration project was beyond its expertise .
Hence , the Union Carbide Corporation was contracted to assist with the refrigeration needs .
Six Companies , Inc. was contracted to build a new town called Boulder City for workers , but the construction schedule for the dam was accelerated in order to create more jobs in response to the onset of the Great Depression , and the town was not ready when the first dam workers arrived at the site in early 1931 .
During the first summer of construction , workers and their families were housed in temporary camps like Ragtown while work on the town progressed .
Discontent with Ragtown and dangerous working conditions at the dam site led to a strike on August 8 , 1931 .
Six Companies responded by sending in strike - breakers with guns and clubs , and the strike was soon quelled .
But the discontent prompted the authorities to speed up the construction of Boulder City , and by the spring of 1932 Ragtown had been deserted .
[ 6 ]
Gambling , drinking alcohol , and prostitution were not permitted in Boulder City during the period of construction .
To this day Boulder City is the one of only two locations in Nevada not to allow gambling , and the sale of alcohol was illegal until 1969 . [ 7 ]
While working in the tunnels , many workers suffered from the carbon monoxide generated by the machinery there .
The contractors claimed that the sickness was pneumonia and was not their responsibility .
Some of the workers sickened and died because of the so - called " pneumonia " .
Most are uncounted on the official death list .
In a court case , one of the claimants ( Ed Kraus ) said that the poisoning had resulted in his impotence .
This was disproved after a prostitute in the pay of the contractors gave evidence .
The jury failed to reach a verdict as a result , and the claim was lost . [ 8 ]
[ edit ] Construction
[ edit ] Groundworks
Hoover Dam Architectural Plans
Overview Of Dam Mechanisms
To protect the construction site from flooding , two cofferdams were constructed .
Construction of the upper cofferdam began in September 1932 , even though the river had not yet been diverted .
A temporary horseshoe - shaped dike protected the cofferdam on the Nevada side of the river .
After the Arizona tunnels were completed , and the river diverted , the work was completed much faster .
Once the coffer dams were in place and the construction site dewatered , excavation for the dam foundation began .
For the dam to rest on solid rock , it was necessary to remove all the riverbed 's accumulated erosion soils and other loose materials until sound bedrock was reached .
Work on the foundation excavations was completed in June 1933 .
During excavations for the foundation , approximately 1,500,000 yd³ ( 1,150,000 m³ ) of material was removed .
Since the dam would be a gravity - arch type , the side - walls of the canyon would also bear the force of the impounded lake .
Therefore the side - walls were excavated too , to reach virgin ( un - weathered ) rock which had not experienced the weathering of centuries of water seepage , wintertime freeze cracking , and the heating / cooling cycles of the Arizona / Nevada desert .
[ edit ]
River diversion
To divert the river 's flow around the construction site , four diversion tunnels were driven through the canyon walls , two on the Nevada side and two on the Arizona side .
These tunnels were 56 feet ( 17 m ) in diameter .
Their combined length was nearly 16,000 feet ( 4877 meters , more than three miles ) .
Tunneling began at the lower portals of the Nevada tunnels in May 1931 .
Shortly afterwards , work began on two similar tunnels in the Arizona canyon wall .
In March 1932 , work began on lining the tunnels with concrete .
First the base , or invert , was poured .
Gantry cranes , running on rails through the entire length of each tunnel were used to place the concrete .
The sidewalls were poured next .
Movable sections of steel forms were used for the sidewalls .
Finally , using pneumatic guns , the overheads were filled in .
The concrete lining is three feet ( 91.5 centimeters ) thick , reducing the finished tunnel diameter to 50 feet ( 15.25 m ) .
Following the completion of the dam , the entrances to the two outer diversion tunnels were sealed at the opening and half way through the tunnels with large concrete plugs .
The downstream halves of the tunnels following the inner plugs are now the main bodies of the spillway tunnels .
The spillways can be seen directly above the outer diversion tunnels .
They drop sharply from their entrance point and merge directly into the old diversion tunnels .
Two intake towers on the Arizona side .
The two inner diversion tunnels have two concrete plugs in them .
One is roughly half way along their length , and the other is around 75 % of the way along their length .
The section sandwiched between two concrete plugs is used as part of the tunnel which water travels along , to journey from the outermost intake towers and the generators .
The two innermost intake towers have separate tunnels .
The large spillway tunnels have only been used three times in the history of the dam .
The first one was during the second half of 1941 for testing .
The second one was for about six weeks during the summer of 1983 , when record precipitation and snow - melt in the Colorado River basin drained into Lake Mead , and the third one in 1999 , again with heavy precipitation that filled Lake Mead.[ citation needed ] [ 9 ]
[ edit ]
Rock clearance
The two vertical foundations for each of the arch walls ( the Nevada side and Arizona side ) had to be founded on sound virgin rock ; free of cracks and the weathering that the surface rock of the canyon walls had from thousands of years of weathering and exposure .
The men who removed this rock were called high - scalers .
While suspended from the top of the canyon with ropes high - scalers climbed down the canyon walls and removed the loose rock with jackhammers and dynamite .
[ edit ] Concrete pouring
Hoover Dam - June 2005
The first concrete was placed into the dam on June 6 , 1933 .
Since no structure of the magnitude of the Hoover Dam had been constructed , many of the procedures used in construction of the dam were untried .
Since concrete heats up and contracts as it cures , uneven cooling and contraction of the concrete posed a serious problem .
The Bureau of Reclamation engineers calculated that if the dam were built in a single continuous pour , the concrete would have taken 125 years to cool to ambient temperature .
The resulting stresses would have caused the dam to crack and crumble . [ 10 ]
To solve this problem the dam was built in a series of interlocking trapezoidal columns .
Each pour was no more than six inches ( 152 mm ) deep .
Because of this depth it is extremely unlikely that construction workers were accidentally buried alive in the concrete , contrary to popular folklore . [ 11 ]
To further cool the concrete each form contained cooling coils of 1 inch ( 25 mm ) thin - walled steel pipe .
River water was circulated through these pipes to help dissipate the heat from the curing concrete .
After this , chilled water from a refrigeration plant on the lower cofferdam was circulated through the coils to further cool the concrete .
After each layer had sufficiently cooled the cooling coils were cut off and pressure grouted by pneumatic grout guns .
The concrete is still curing and gaining in strength as time goes on .[ citation needed ]
There is enough concrete in the dam to pave a two - lane highway from San Francisco to New York . [ 12 ]
[ edit ]
Construction deaths
There were 112 deaths associated with the construction of the dam . [ 11 ] [ 13 ]
There are different accounts as to how many people died while working on the dam and who was the first and last to die .
A popular story holds that the first person to die in the construction of Hoover Dam was J. G. Tierney , a surveyor who drowned while looking for an ideal spot for the dam .
Coincidentally , his son , Patrick W. Tierney , was the last man to die working on the dam , 13 years to the day later . [ 11 ] [ 13 ] 96 of the deaths occurred during construction at the site .
However , another surveyor died prior while surveying a potential location for the dam and these statistics do not include other incidental and coincidental ( heat stroke , heart failure , etc ) deaths during construction . [ 11 ]
[ edit ]
Environmental impact
The Hoover Dam and its associated changes in water use had devastating impact on the Colorado River Delta at the mouth of the Colorado River .
The construction of the dam has been pointed to as the beginning of an era of decline of this estuarine ecosystem . [ 14 ]
For six years in the late 1930s , after the construction of the dam and while Lake Mead filled , virtually no flow of water reached the mouth of the river . [ 15 ]
The Delta 's estuary , which once had a freshwater - saltwater mixing zone stretching 65 kilometres ( 40 mi ) south of the river 's mouth , was turned into an inverse estuary where the level of salinity was actually higher closer to the river 's mouth . [ 16 ]
The construction of the dam also decimated the populations of native fish in the river downstream from the dam . [ 17 ]
Four species of fish native to the lower Colorado River are currently listed as endangered by the U.S. federal government . [ 18 ]
[ edit ]
Power plant
The hydroelectric generators at Hoover dam
Following an uprating project from 1986 to 1993 , the total gross power rating for the plant , including two 2.4 megawatt electric generators that power the plant 's operations , is about 2080 megawatts . [ 19 ]
Excavation for the powerhouse was carried out simultaneously with the excavation for the dam foundation and abutments .
Excavation for the U - shaped structure located at the downstream toe of the dam was completed in late 1933 with the first concrete placed in November 1933 .
Generators at the Dam's Hoover Powerplant began transmission of electricity from the Colorado River to Los Angeles , California 266 miles ( 428 km ) away on October 26 , 1936 .
Additional generating units were added through 1961 .
Original plans called for 16 large generators , 8 on each side of the river ( see architectural illustrations ) but two smaller generators were installed instead of one of the large ones on the Arizona side , for a total of 17 .
The smaller generators were used to serve smaller municipalities at a time when the output of each generator was dedicated to a municipality , before the dam 's total power output was placed on the grid and made arbitrarily distributable .
Water flowing from Lake Mead through the gradually - narrowing penstocks to the powerhouse reaches a speed of about 85 miles per hour ( 140 km /h ) by the time it reaches the turbines .
The entire flow of the Colorado River passes through the turbines ( except for seepage around the edges of the dam through the semi- porous volcanic rock it rests against ) .
The spillways are rarely used .
Hydroelectric power plants have the ability to vary the amount of power generated , depending on the demand .
Steam turbine power plants are not as easily throttled because of the amount of thermodynamic inertia contained in their systems .
Control of water was the primary concern in the building of the dam .
Power generation allowed the dam project to be self sustaining : repaying the 50 - year construction loan , and continuing to pay for the multi-million dollar yearly maintenance budget .
Power is generated in step with and only with the release of water in response to downstream water demands .
[ edit ]
Architectural style
The initial plans for the finished facade of both the dam and the power plant consisted of a simple , unadorned wall of concrete topped with a Gothic - inspired balustrade and a powerhouse that looked like little more than an industrial warehouse .[ citation needed ]
This initial design was criticized by many as being too plain and unremarkable for a project of such immense scale , so Los Angeles - based architect Gordon B. Kaufmann was brought in to redesign the exteriors .[ citation needed ]
Kaufmann greatly streamlined the buildings , and applied an elegant Art Deco style to the entire project , with sculptured turrets rising seamlessly from the dam face and clock faces on the intake towers set for Nevada and Arizona time , in the Pacific and Mountain time zones respectively ( although because Arizona does not observe daylight saving time , the two clocks show the same time during the warmer half of the year ) .
[ edit ]
Use for road transport
U.S. Highway 93 on Hoover Dam
There are two lanes for automobile traffic across the top of the dam .
It serves as the Colorado River crossing for the highway U.S. Route 93 .
The two - lane section of road approaching the dam is narrow , has several dangerous hairpin turns , and is subject to rock slides .
To provide much more highway capacity , and better safety , the new Hoover Dam Bypass is scheduled to be completed in 2010 and it will divert the U.S. 93 traffic 1,500 feet ( 460 m ) downstream from the dam . [ 20 ]
The bypass will include a composite steel and concrete arch bridge , tentatively named the Mike O'Callaghan - Pat Tillman Memorial Bridge .
Additionally , in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks there are significant security concerns .
Because of the attack , the Hoover Dam Bypass project was expedited .
Traffic across Hoover Dam is presently restricted .
Some types of vehicles are inspected prior to crossing the dam while semi- trailer trucks , buses carrying luggage , and enclosed - box trucks over 40 feet ( 12 m ) long are not allowed on the bridge at all . [ 21 ]
That traffic is diverted south to a Colorado River bridge close to Laughlin , Nevada .
[ edit ]
Power distribution
One of two " Winged Figures of the Republic " by Oskar J.W. Hansen , part of the monument of dedication on the Nevada side of the dam . [ 22 ]
The Bureau of Reclamation reports that the energy generated is allocated as follows : [ 23 ]
[ edit ] Statistics
Downstream from Hoover Dam , showing the river , power stations , and power lines .
Aerial shot of Lake Mead and Hoover Dam showing the high - water mark of the 1983 flood season along the shore
[ edit ]
Naming controversy
The dam , originally planned for a location in Boulder Canyon , was relocated to Black Canyon for better impoundment , but was still known as the Boulder Dam project .
Work on the project started on July 7 , 1930 .
At the official beginning of the project on September 17 , 1930 , President Hoover 's Secretary of the Interior Ray L. Wilbur , announced that the new dam on the Colorado River would be named Hoover Dam to honor the then President of the United States .
Wilbur followed a standing tradition of naming important dams after the President who was in office when they were constructed , such as the Theodore Roosevelt Dam , the Wilson Dam , and the Coolidge Dam .
Furthermore , Hoover was already campaigning for re-election in the face of the Depression and he sought credit for creating jobs .
A Congressional Act of February 14 , 1931 , made the name " Hoover Dam " official .
However , in 1932 , Herbert Hoover lost his bid for reelection to Franklin Delano Roosevelt .
In his memoirs , Hoover wrote of stopping to inspect progress on the dam , by night , on November 12 , 1932 , on his way back to Washington from Palo Alto after his defeat .
He commented , " It does give me extraordinary pleasure to see the great dream I have so long held taking form in actual reality of stone and cement .
It is now ten years since I became chairman of the Colorado River Commission ....
This dam is the greatest engineering work of its character ever attempted by the hand of man . "
He went on to list its purposes , concluding , " I hope to be present at its final completion as a bystander .
Even so I shall feel a special personal satisfaction . "
( Hoover adds a footnote to this , see below . ) [ 29 ]
When Roosevelt took office on March 4 , 1933 , he brought Harold Ickes with him to replace Ray Lyman Wilbur as Secretary of the Interior .
Ickes wasted no time removing Hoover ’s name from the Boulder Canyon Project .
On May 8 , 1933 , Ickes issued a memorandum to the Bureau of Reclamation , which was in charge of the dam , stating , " I have your reference to the text for the pamphlet descriptive of the Boulder Canyon Project for use at the Century of Progress Exposition .
I would be glad if you will refer to the dam as ' Boulder Dam ' in this pamphlet as well as in correspondence and other references to the dam as you may have occasion to make in the future . "
This did not happen immediately , but over the following several years all references to Hoover Dam in official sources , as well as tourist and other promotional materials , vanished in favor of Boulder Dam .
Roosevelt died in 1945 and Harold Ickes retired in 1946 .
On March 4 , 1947 California Republican Congressman Jack Anderson submitted House Resolution 140 to restore the name Hoover Dam .
Anderson ’s resolution passed the House on March 6 ; a companion resolution passed the Senate on April 23 , and on April 30 , 1947 , President Harry S. Truman signed Public Law 43 which read : " Resolved … that the name of Hoover Dam is hereby restored to the dam on the Colorado River in Black Canyon constructed under the authority of the Boulder Canyon Project Act … .
Any law , regulation , document , or record of the United States in which such dam is designated or referred to under the name of Boulder Dam shall be held to refer to such dam under and by the name of Hoover Dam . "
Hoover writes this footnote to his tacos of November 12 , 1932 : " Responding to a suggestion from Hiram Johnson , and with his characteristic attitude , Secretary Ickes changed the name of the dam .
The hint in the above address that I should like to be present did not secure me an invitation to the dedication ceremonies conducted by President Roosevelt .
I have never regarded the name as important .
The important thing is a gigantic engineering accomplishment that will bring happiness to millions of people .
In 1947 , the Congress , by practically unanimous action , restored the name Hoover Dam — to Mr. Ickes intense indignation . " [ 30 ]
[ edit ] Construction Artifacts
A fleet of special dump cars were built by Six Companies for use on the railroad that aided construction .
Today , one of these cars survives at the Western Pacific Railroad Museum at Portola , California .
The Western Pacific Railroad acquired several of the cars following the end of construction and used them in company service .
[ edit ] References
[ edit ]
External links
Ideeller Überbau Tobias Jaecker
Die Fußball - WM und die Werbekampagne für Deutschland
Wenn Franz Beckenbauer über die Fußball - Weltmeisterschaft in Deutschland spricht , kommt er aus dem Schwärmen kaum noch heraus .
" Ein tolles Fußball - Fest " , " spannende , schön anzuschauende Spiele " und eine " tolle Stimmung " erhofft sich der Chef des WM - Organisationskomitees .
Und Bundeskanzlerin Angela Merkel verkündet , " der Funke der Begeisterung und der Völkerverständigung " werde bei der WM " auf die ganze Welt überspringen . "
Sportlicher Wettbewerb und die Welt zu Gast bei Freunden - so sieht die schöne Fußball - Welt in den Verlautbarungen von Funktionären und Politikern aus .
Aber ist das auch tatsächlich so ?
Ob sie heute Abend auch noch so fröhlich auftreten können ?
Bundeskanzlerin Merkel mit Bundestrainer Klinsmann und Manager Bierhoff .
Foto : Regierungonline / Bolesch
Die Realität lässt daran zweifeln .
Beispiel Stadion - Tickets : Der größte Anteil geht direkt an Fußballverbände , Sponsoren und Logen - Gäste .
Nur 31 Prozent der verfügbaren
Plätze kommen überhaupt in den freien Verkauf - und das zu überteuerten Preisen und unfairen Konditionen .
So müssen Bewerber für ein Team - Ticket eine " Servicegebühr " in Höhe von 50 Euro abdrücken , auch wenn sie am Ende gar nicht zum Zuge kommen [ 3 ] .
Da kann nur mithalten , wer aufs Geld nicht achten muss .
" Der gemeine Fan wird draußen vor den Toren stehen " , beklagt das Bündnis aktiver Fußball - Fans ( BAFF ) .
Die Gewinner stehen ebenfalls fest .
Zum einen ist da die FIFA : Rund 1,7 Milliarden Euro spült die WM dem Weltfußballverband aus Fernsehrechten und von Großsponsoren in die Kasse .
Die Sponsoren wiederum sind die anderen großen Absahner .
So werden zur WM rund um die Stadien geschützte Zonen eingerichtet , in denen nur die offiziellen FIFA - Partner werben dürfen .
Das Land wird mit teuren Merchandising - Artikeln überschwemmt .
Und wer ohne gebührenpflichtige Genehmigung Begriffe wie " Fußball - WM 2006 " verwendet , wird von der FIFA umgehend verklagt .
Man kann die Kommerzialisierung des Fußballs beklagen - neu ist diese Entwicklung nicht .
Überraschender ist schon die Tatsache , dass die Fußball - WM nicht nur für die Interessen der Wirtschaft eingespannt wird , sondern auch für eine gigantische Werbekampagne des Gastgeberlandes .
Motto : Deutschland - Land der Ideen .
Von den Plakaten lächeln zwei blonde Mädels mit aufgemalten Nationalflaggen herunter .
Laut Selbstdarstellung spiegelt die Kampagne " wesentliche Eigenschaften der Deutschen wider : Einfallsreichtum , schöpferische Leidenschaft und visionäres Denken . "
Auf der offiziellen Website wird dazu passend " jeden Tag eine positive Nachricht " verbreitet und an den Betrachter appelliert : " Wir sind dabei .
Du auch ? "
Und : " Jetzt offizieller Fan von Deutschland werden ! "
Eine Werbekampagne von T - Com stößt ins gleiche Horn : " Wir brauchen Sie im größten Nationalteam aller Zeiten - geben Sie Deutschland Ihr Gesicht ! "
Was das alles mit Fußball zu tun hat ?
Zunächst einmal wenig .
Dass es zwischen Sport , Nation und Wirtschaft einen Zusammenhang gibt , ist aber spätestens seit dem " Wunder von Bern " bekannt .
Als die deutsche Fußball - Nationalmannschaft bei der WM 1954 Ungarn besiegte , schlug bekanntlich die eigentliche Geburtsstunde der Bundesrepublik : Nach der als demütig empfundenen Kriegsniederlage hatten viele Deutsche das erhebende Gefühl eines " Wir sind wieder wer " .
Die mitgereisten Fußball - Anhänger sangen bei der Siegerehrung denn auch prompt die falsche Strophe der Nationalhymne , nämlich die erste .
Der grandiose Fußball - Sieg bewirkte , dass viele Deutsche ihre latenten Schamgefühle und Selbstzweifel ablegten und in einem
Akt der nationalen Selbstversöhnung das " neue " Deutschland feierten , für das es in den 50er Jahren nicht nur auf sportlicher , sondern auch auf wirtschaftlicher Ebene steil nach oben ging .
Das konnte allerdings nur funktionieren , indem zugleich die historische Schuld der Deutschen verdrängt und alles , was außerhalb der nationalen " Schicksalsgemeinschaft " lag , abgewertet wurde .
Von München bietet „ Deutschland – Land der Ideen “ diese „ ausgelassene Stimmung in einem Bierzelt auf dem Oktoberfest “ .
Foto : Fremdenverkehrsamt
München
“ Zick - Zack Zigeneuerpack “
Dieser Mechanismus greift auch heute noch .
Dunkelhäutigen Spielern schlägt von den Rängen im Stadion regelmäßig offener Rassismus entgegen .
Gegnerische Mannschaften werden als " Juden " oder " Zecken " beschimpft .
Ein aktuelles Beispiel : Beim Länderspiel der DFB - Auswahl gegen die Slowakei im September 2005 ertönten aus dem deutschen Fanblock Rufe wie " Zick - Zack Zigeunerpack " und " Deutschland den Deutschen - Ausländer raus " .
Daneben wurden Schlachtgesänge wie " Wenn bei Danzig die Polenflotte im Meer versinkt " zum Besten gegeben .
Nach dem Spiel gab es dazu keine offizielle Reaktion - weder von Seiten des DFB noch vom anwesenden Innenminister .
Immer wieder werden derartige Vorfälle totgeschwiegen , klein geredet oder zu einem vermeintlich " gesunden " Patriotismus umgedeutet ; sie passen nicht ins offizielle Bild .
Dabei sind sie lediglich eine Übersteigerung des neuen Deutschland - Gefühls und liegen durchaus in der Konsequenz der nationalchauvinistischen Appelle von Politikern und Fußball - Funktionären .
DFB - Präsident Gerhard Meyer - Vorfelder etwa fordert schon mal , deutsche Schüler sollten wieder alle drei Strophen des Deutschlandliedes einstudieren .
Schließlich würden ja auch die Franzosen die Marseillaise ganz singen , obwohl deren Geschichte im Dritten Reich " nicht viel einfacher war als die Geschichte des Dritten Reiches bei uns . "
Und CSU - Generalsekretär Markus Söder sagte kürzlich , die Fußball - WM müsse genutzt werden , um einen positiven Patriotismus in Deutschland zu entfalten .
Das Land brauche wieder ein stärkeres Gemeinschafts - und Nationalgefühl .
O - Ton Söder : " Deutschland braucht einen ideellen Überbau . "
Augen zu und durch
FIFA - Präsident Joseph S. Blatter meint , die Deutschen hätten 2006 " die Möglichkeit , mit einer ganzen Reihe von Klischees und vorgefassten Meinungen über Deutschland aufzuräumen " .
Die Welt werde " die Freundlichkeit " und den " Humor der Menschen " kennen lernen und " sehen können , was für ein wunderbares Land Deutschland tatsächlich ist " .
Knapper formuliert es Bundestrainer Jürgen Klinsmann : " Wir haben die Möglichkeit , Deutschland neu zu definieren . "
Überbordende Vaterlandsliebe und Weltoffenheit haben jedoch in Deutschland noch nie so recht zusammen gepasst - das gilt bis zum Beweis des Gegenteils .
Um Blatters Worten dennoch zu entsprechen , wird derzeit hastig am Image gefeilt .
Der DFB legte 2005 erstmals eine Studie zur unrühmlichen Verbandsgeschichte im Dritten Reich vor - nach Jahrzehnten des Schweigens und erst nach wachsendem öffentlichen Druck angesichts der nahenden Weltmeisterschaft .
Rassismus und Hooliganismus bekämpfen die Verantwortlichen in erster Linie an der Oberfläche : Mit Stadionverboten und scharfen Sicherheitskontrollen .
Den Fans wird ein positives Zugehörigkeitsgefühl vermittelt und Kritik , etwa an der Stadionsicherheit und der Ticketvergabe , gnadenlos abgebügelt .
In den Worten Franz Beckenbauers : " Der Verbraucherschutz macht sich wichtig und hält uns von der Arbeit ab . "
Die Beispiele zeigen , wer die wahren Gewinner der Fußball - WM in Deutschland sind : Die Funktionäre , die Wirtschaft und nicht zuletzt die deutsche Politik .
Nur eine Kleinigkeit könnte ihnen noch einen Strich durch die Rechnung machen : Das blamable Gekicke der deutschen Fußball - Elf. Der " Spiegel " jammert angesichts der Negativ - Schlagzeilen nach der 1:4 - Niederlage gegen Italien schon : " Deutschland wirkt wieder vergnatzt und mutlos und ein bisschen hässlich . " ( Tobias Jaecker )
