At around 4.35 last Monday morning , my Beirut mobile phone rang in my Tehran hotel room .
" Mr Fisk , I am a computer science student in Lebanon .
I have just heard that students are being massacred in their dorms at Tehran University .
Do you know about this ? "
The Fisk notebook is lifted wearily from the bedside table .
" And can you tell me why , " he continued , " the BBC and other media are not reporting that the Iranian authorities have closed down SMS calls and local mobile phones and have shut down the internet in Tehran ?
I am learning what is happening only from Twitters and Facebook . "
When I arrived at the university , the students were shrieking abuse through the iron gates of the campus .
" Massacre , massacre , " they cried .
Gunfire in the dorms .
Correct .
Blood on the floor .
Correct .
Seven dead ?
Ten dead , one student told me through the fence .
We do n't know .
The cops arrived minutes later amid a shower of stones .
Filtering truth out of Tehran these days is as frustrating as it is dangerous .
A day earlier , an Iranian woman muttered to me in an office lift that the first fatality of the street violence was a young student .
Was she sure , I asked ?
" Yes , " she said .
" I have seen the photograph of his body .
It is terrible . "
I never saw her again .
Nor the photograph .
Nor had anyone seen the body .
It was a fantasy .
Earnest reporters check this out – in fact , I have been spending at least a third of my working days in Tehran this past week not reporting what might prove to be true but disproving what is clearly untrue .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Take the call I had five hours before the early - hour phone call , from a radio station in California .
Could I describe the street fighting I was witnessing at that moment ?
Now , it happened that I was standing on the roof of the al - Jazeera office in north Tehran , speaking in a late - night live interview with the Qatar television station .
I could indeed describe the scene to California .
What I could see were teenagers on motorcycles , whooping with delight as they set light to the contents of a litter bin on the corner of the highway .
Two policemen ran up to them with night - sticks and they raced away on their bikes with shouts of derision .
Then the Tehran fire brigade turned up to put out – as one of the firemen later told me with infinite exhaustion – their 79th litter - bin fire of the night .
I knew how he felt .
A report that Basiji militia had taken over one of Mir-Hossein Mousavi 's main election campaign office was a classic .
Yes , there were uniformed men in the building – belonging to Mousavi 's own hired security company .
Now for the very latest on the fantasy circuit .
The cruel " Iranian " cops are n't Iranian at all .
They are members of Lebanon 's Hizbollah militia .
I 've had this one from two reporters , three phone callers ( one from Lebanon ) and a British politician .
I 've tried to talk to the cops .
They cannot understand Arabic .
They do n't even look like Arabs , let alone Lebanese .
The reality is that many of these street thugs have been brought in from Baluch areas and Zobal province , close to the Afghan border .
Even more are Iranian Azeris .
Their accents sound as strange to Tehranis as would a Belfast accent to a Cornishman hearing it for the first time .
Fantasy and reality make uneasy bedfellows , but once they are combined and spread with high - speed inaccuracy around the world , they are also lethal .
Sham elections , the takeover of party offices , a massacre on a university campus , an imminent coup d'état , the possible overthrow of the whole 30 - year old Islamic Republic , the isolation of an entire country as its communications are systematically shut down .
I am reminded of Eisenhower 's comment to Foster Dulles when he sent him to London to close down Anthony Eden 's crazed war in Suez .
The secretary of state 's job , Eisenhower instructed Dulles , was to say " Whoah , boy ! "
Good advice for those who believe in the Twitterers .
But the no -smoke - without - fire brigade has a point .
Look at the extraordinary , million - strong march against the regime by Mousavi 's supporters on Monday .
Even the Iranian press was forced to report it , albeit on inside pages .
Yes , the authorities have indeed closed down the local SMS service .
Yes , they have slowed down – but not closed – the internet .
My Beirut roaming phone now rarely reaches London , although incoming calls arrive – unfortunately for me – round the clock .
The Iranian government is obviously trying to interfere with the communications of Mousavi supporters to prevent them from organising further marches .
Outrageous in any normal country , perhaps .
But this is not a normal country .
It is a state as obsessed with the dangers of counter - revolution as the West is obsessed with Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
The Supreme Leader 's speech yesterday was proof of that .
But then we had the famous instruction to journalists in Tehran from the Ministry of Islamic Guidance that they could no longer report opposition street demonstrations .
I heard nothing of this .
Indeed , the first clue came when I refused to be interviewed by CNN ( because their coverage of the Middle East is so biased ) and the woman calling me asked : " Why ?
Are you worried about your safety ? "
Fisk continued to spend 12 hours a day on the streets .
I discovered there was a ban only when I read about it in The Independent .
Maybe the Guidance lads and lassies could n't get through on my mobile .
But then , who had cut the phone lines ?
We have , in fact , reported all the censorship – of local newspapers as well as communications .
The footage of a brutal police force assaulting the political opposition on the streets of the capital has shocked the world .
Rightly so , although no one has made comparison with police forces who batter demonstrators on the streets of Western Europe , who beat women with night - sticks , who have kicked over an innocent middle - aged man who immediately suffered a fatal heart attack , who have shot down an innocent passenger on the London Tube ...
There are special codes of morality to be applied to Middle East countries which definitely must not apply to us .
So let 's take a look at those Iranian elections .
A fraud , we believe .
And I have the darkest doubts about those election figures which gave Mousavi a paltry 33.75 per cent of the vote .
Indeed , I and a few Iranian friends calculated that if the government 's polling - night statistics were correct , the Iranian election committee would have had to have counted five million votes in just two hours .
But our coverage of this poll has been deeply flawed .
Most visiting Western journalists stay in hotels in the wealthy , north Tehran suburbs , where tens of thousands of Mousavi supporters live , where it 's easy to find educated translators who love Mousavi , where interviewees speak fluent English and readily denounce the spiritual and cultural and social stagnation of Iran 's – let us speak frankly – semi-dictatorship .
But few news organisations have the facilities or the time or the money to travel around this 659,278 square - mile country – seven times the size of Britain – and interview even the tiniest fraction of its 71 million people .
When I visited the slums of south Tehran on Friday , for example , I found that the number of Ahmadinejad supporters grew as Mousavi 's support dribbled away .
And I wondered whether , across the huge cities and vast deserts of Iran , a similar phenomenon might be discovered .
A Channel 4 television crew , to its great credit , went down to Isfahan and the villages around that beautiful city and came back with a suspicion – unprovable , of course , anecdotal , but real – that Ahmadinejad just might have won the election .
This is also my suspicion : that Ahmadinejad might have scraped in , but not with the huge majority he was awarded .
For with their usual , clumsy , autocratic behaviour , the clerics behind the Islamic Republic may have decreed that only a greater majority for the winner could decisively annihilate the reputation of its secular opponents .
Perhaps Ahmadinejad got 51 per cent or 52 per cent and this was preposterously increased to 63 per cent .
Perhaps Mousavi picked up 44 per cent or 45 per cent .
I do n't know .
The Iranians will never know , even though the Supreme Leader told us yesterday that the incredible 63 per cent was credible .
That is Iran 's tragedy .
Yes , Ahmadinejad remains for me an outrageous president , one of those cracked political leaders – like Colonel Ghaddafi or Lebanon 's General Michel Aoun – which this region sadly throws up , to the curses of its friends and to the delight of its enemies in the West .
And the Islamic Republic itself – while it has understandable historical roots in the savagery of the Shah 's regime which preceded it , not to mention the bravery of its people – is a dangerously contrived and inherently unfree state which was locked into immobility by an unworldly and now long - dead ayatollah .
And those nuclear arms ?
How many of us reported a blunt statement which the Supreme Leader and the man who ultimately controls all nuclear development in Iran made on 4 June , just eight days before the elections ?
" Nuclear weapons , " he said in a speech in which he encouraged Iranians to vote , " are religiously forbidden ( haram ) in Islam and the Iranian people do not have such a weapon .
But the Western countries and the US in particular , through false propaganda , claim that Iran seeks to build nuclear bombs – which is totally false ... "
There are few provable assurances in the Middle East , often few facts and a lot of lies .
Dangers are as thick as snakes in the desert .
As I write , I have just received another call from Lebanon .
" Mr Fisk , a girl has been shot in Iran .
I have a video from the internet .
You can see her body ... "
And you know what ?
I think he might be right .
How to convert video to BlackBerry , download YouTube to BlackBerry Storm / Tour 9630
This video to BlackBerry guide shows you how to convert video files to BlackBerry , download YouTube videos to BlackBerry Tour 9630 , convert YouTube video to BlackBerry Storm , BlackBerry Tour 9630 using Clone2 Go Video to BlackBerry Converter .
The software you will need is :
Clone2 Go Video to BlackBerry Converter , with which you can
convert video to BlackBerry video ( AVI , WMV , ASF , 3GP , RM , RMVB , FLV , MKV , AVS , etc ) ,
convert video to BlackBerry audio ,
download YouTube / Google videos for BlackBerry Storm / Pearl / Curve / Bold / Tour .
Note :
You can also convert your DVD collections to BlackBerry video format for viewing on your BlackBerry using Clone2GO DVD to BlackBerry Converter .
Here is the tutorial link :
How to convert DVD movies to BlackBerry Storm / Tour 9630 ?.
Now let 's take a look at how it performs to convert video to BlackBerry and download and convert YouTube videos to BlackBerry using Clone2 Go Video to BlackBerry Converter .
Step 1 . Download the latest version of Clone2 Go Video to BlackBerry Converter ( free download ) .
Install and run it .
Step 2 . Click the " Add Video " button to import video files .
Alternatively , you can click " File -> Add Video Files ... " to load the videos that you want to watch on your BlackBerry .
After the videos are imported , there will be a list of video file items showing in the program .
Step 3 .
From the " Profile " drop - down list , navigate to the " BlackBerry " category and choose the most appropriate output format according to your BlackBerry device ( BlackBerry Storm 9530 , 9500 , BlackBerry Bold 9000 , BlackBerry 8800 , 8830 , 8820 , BlackBerry Pearl 8100 , BlackBerry Curve 8300 , BlackBerry Tour 9630 ) .
Step 4 .
If you want to view YouTube videos on your BlackBerry , you first need to download them from YouTube as .flv files , and then follow the next Step to convert the .flv files to the BlackBerry friendly format .
Clone2 Go Video to BlackBerry Converter acts as YouTube downloader as well .
Click the " YouTube " button on the main interface and copy and paste the URL of the YouTube video into the box as shown below :
To know more about how to download YouTube videos for your BlackBerry , please head to : How to free download YouTube videos for BlackBerry Storm / Tour 9630 ?
Step 5 . Click the " Start Encode " button to start to convert video files for your BlackBerry .
Note :
The output files are easily available by clicking the " Folder " botton in the main interface after the encoding process .
Tip 1 .
Trim the video
Sometimes , we do n't need the whole video file for viewing on BlackBerry .
In this case , you can use the " Trim " function to get the exact clip from the video .
There are two methods to trim the video using Clone2 Go Video to BlackBerry Converter .
Click here to learn more .
Tip 2 . Custom profile for the output
You can also customize a specific profile to meet your needs .
Click here to learn more .
Free download Clone2 Go Video to BlackBerry Converter Professional or
Buy Clone2 Go Video to BlackBerry Converter Professional Now
In order to find out the cost of your personal injury insurance claim , automobile insurers follow certain techniques .
Calculating the worth of your accidental injuries is an important element of any personal injury insurance claim .
It is that component of a claim , which is most hard to find out ; the amount differs contingent on your specific financial condition .
Following details would give you a general idea about how insurers ascertain the value of a personal injury insurance claim :
What an Auto Insurance Company Should Compensate or Make Payments For
To find out the value of your claim , it is advisable that you understand the forms of damages or losses for which you might receive payments .
Normally , an individual who has been held legally responsible for a motor vehicle accident and hence his or her liability insurance company should make payments to an injured individual for :
Loss of income as a result of the accident , due to incapacity to work or going through intervention for injuries
Medical care and associated expenditures
Permanent physical impairment or deformity
Loss of social , family and educational skills such as missed training or school , recreation or holiday trip or a particular occasion
Emotional losses like embarrassment , stress , depression or family relationship strains , for instance , the failure to look after children , concern over the consequences of a road mishap on an unborn baby or disturbance with physical relationships
Damaged property
Damages Formula of the Auto Insurance Company
While working out compensation , it is normally easy to sum up the money lost and money spent .
However , there is no exact technique to gauge missed experiences , pain , lost opportunities and misery .
This is where the damages formula of an insurance company has an important role to play .
At the commencement of negotiation for claims , the overall medical costs associated with the injury are added together by the insurance adjuster .
These expenditures are denoted as medical special damages or just “ specials ” .
This is the base figure that is applied by the adjuster to calculate the amount that is payable to the individual for pain , misery or other nonfinancial losses that are known as general damages .
When the injuries are comparatively negligible , the special damages amount is multiplied with 1.5 or 2 by the adjuster .
When the injuries are especially severe , excruciating or permanent , the special damages amount is multiplied with 5 by the adjuster .
The multiplier might be as big as 10 in utmost instances .
The adjuster subsequently sums up any loss of income caused by the injuries .
The formula is all about this .
Nevertheless – this number – special medical damages multiplied by a figure between 1.5 and 5 and subsequently summed up with loss of income – is not the ultimate amount of compensation , but just the figure from which negotiations start .
This is general information only .
If you have any questions whatsoever about compensation or whether or not your injury is covered by compensation insurance , talk with a Personal injury lawyer licensed in your state .
This should not be used as a substitute for competent legal advice from a licensed professional Toronto Personal Injury attorney .
openSUSE development is now even more open than before .
Factory development is changing , and we ’re making it easier for contributors to take responsibility for packages and to contribute directly to openSUSE .
This means contributors will be able to be directly responsible for packages , without having to go through a Novell employee to make changes .
Factory development is being split into devel projects organized by topic areas , such as KDE , GNOME , Education , Java , and so on .
Devel projects are responsible for sets of packages and will be able to organize themselves rather than following a top - down model of management .
The idea is to allow teams to be self - organizing and for all contributors to have equal footing in terms of being able to contribute to openSUSE Factory .
To get started , the current Novell and openSUSE package maintainers will be working with each other to define responsibility within the devel projects and how the team will work together .
As time goes on , they will integrate new maintainers into the teams and commit privileges will be based on merit and not whether a person is employed by Novell .
How to Get Started
If you ’re new to working with Factory and the openSUSE Build Service , you can start with the Factory Packaging page on the openSUSE Wiki .
This explains the Factory workflow , how to check out packages and submit changes , how to create new devel projects , and so on .
Have questions or need help getting started ?
There are plenty of openSUSE Factory contributors who’d be happy to answer questions and help you get started .
To learn more , join the opensuse - factory mailing list , or get real - time help in the #opensuse - factory IRC channel on Freenode .
The policy changes that have been made with Factory are another step in making openSUSE a more independent project , and allowing all contributors to take equal responsibility .
As Factory development and devel teams evolve , we hope to see more contributors taking a lead role in leading openSUSE development and shaping the openSUSE distro .
Factory is open !
Pupils told they have a ' right ' to a good sex life :
That 's the advice for youngsters from the NHS
' Unbelievable ' :
An NHS leaflet is telling school pupils they have a ' right ' to an enjoyable sex life and that 'an orgasm a day keeps the doctor away '
The NHS is telling school pupils they have a ' right ' to an enjoyable sex life and that it is good for their health .
A Health Service leaflet says experts concentrate too much on the need for safe sex and loving relationships , and not enough on the pleasure it can bring .
But family campaigners last night condemned the guidance , saying it encouraged underage sex and could increase rates of sexually - transmitted diseases .
Under the heading ' an orgasm a day keeps the doctor away ' , the leaflet says : ' Health promotion experts advocate five portions of fruit and veg a day and 30 minutes physical activity three times a week .
What about sex or masturbation twice a week ? '
The advice , which also claims regular sex is good for cardiovascular health , has been circulated to parents , teachers and youth workers .
It came to light just a week after it emerged that teenagers who took part in a £ 6 million Government initiative to reduce teenage pregnancies were more than twice as likely to fall pregnant as other girls .
The scheme tried to persuade girls not to get pregnant by handing out condoms and teaching them about sex .
The NHS leaflet has been drawn up by Sheffield primary care trust and is entitled Pleasure .
Its author , Steve Slack , director of the Centre for HIV and Sexual Health at NHS Sheffield , defended it by saying the advice could encourage young people to delay losing their virginity until they are sure they will enjoy the experience .
He added that as long as teenagers are fully informed about sex and making decisions free of peer pressure as part of a caring relationship , they have as much right as an adult to a good sex life .
Anthony Seldon , master of Wellington College , said the NHS 's approach was ' deplorable '
But Anthony Seldon , master of Wellington College , Berkshire , who introduced classes in emotional well - being at the public school , described the approach as ' deplorable ' .
Dr Trevor Stammers , of the pressure group Family and Youth Concern , said the leaflet would encourage ' risky ' behaviour and an increase in sexually transmitted diseases .
' It is unbelievable that this is being sent to schools ' , he said .
' I 'd like to know what scientific evidence there is to back this up .
There are an awful lot of overpaid and under - occupied health promotion officers around who are obsessed with sex . '
He added that inciting underage sex was ' nothing less than encouraging child abuse ' .
' If the NHS wants to promote a healthy heart , as it says it does in this leaflet , it should put the money into reducing smoking and alcohol , ' he said .
' Underage sex is as dangerous as underage drink and usually leads to sexual ill - health . '
About 40,000 teenagers become pregnant every year in the UK - the highest level in western Europe .
More than half end in abortion .
NXVIM benefactor Clare Bronfman faces sentencing September 30 , 2:48 pm ( ET )
An heir to the Seagram ’s liquor fortune who provided financial support to Keith Raniere , the disgraced leader of NXIVM , is set to face a federal judge ...
Hugh Jackman ’s wife addresses rumors about his sexuality : ‘ It ’s just wrong ’ September 30 , 2:46 pm ( ET ) Hugh Jackman and Deborra - lee Furness attend the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ' 10th annual Governors Awards at The Ray Dolby Ballroom at ...
A bright - eyed young actress travels to Hollywood , only to be ensnared in a dark conspiracy involving a woman who was nearly murdered , and now has amnesia because of a car crash .
Eventually , both women are pulled into a psychotic illusion involving a dangerous blue box , a director named Adam Kesher , and the mysterious night club Silencio .
Written by Anonymous
By GottaLaff
David Shuster needs his own show already .
Okay ?
Okay .
June 19 , 2009  -- President Obama warned Iran today that the " world is watching " after the country 's supreme leader told anti-government protesters that they were inviting violence if their massive protests over the presidential election continued .
And Congress voted overwhelmingly today to condemn the Iran 's crackdown on the protesters who claim the Iranian presidential election was rigged .
Some Republicans used the vote to complain that Obama has not been forceful enough in dealing with Iran .
The statements and votes in Washington were among a flurry of reactions from Western capitals condemning the Iranian regime for trying to shut down electronic communication among dissidents , arresting protesters and banning foreign reporters from covering the masssive rallies in support of presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi .
The statements poured out after Iran 's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei gave a defiant speech to say the reelection of president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had been free of fraud , the widespread protests were illegal and ominously warning that any further demonstrations were inviting violence .
Khamenei also blamed much of the unrest on foreign media as well as the U.S. , Britain and Israel .
The House voted 405 - 1 to denounce Iran 's actions and they were quickly followed by a Senate resolution that also condemned the Iranian crackdown .
Republicans in the House criticized Obama for what they considered a tepid response to Iran 's tough measures , with one congressman comparing Obama 's reaction to President Ronald Reagan 's speech near the Berlin Wall .
" When Ronald Reagan went before the Brandenburg Gate , he did not say Mr. ( Mikhail ) Gorbachev , that wall is none of our business , " said Rep. Mike Pence , R - Ind .
Obama told CBS
News today that he is very concerned by the " tenor and tone " of comments by Khamenei , who warned of a crackdown if protesters continue massive street rallies .
The president said that Iran 's government should " recognize that the world is watching , " and " how they approach and deal with people who are , through peaceful means , trying to be heard " will signal " what Iran is and is not . "
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said the GOP comments that Obama has n't done enough are wrong .
" I will say , as the president has said , we 're not going to be used as political foils and political footballs in a debate that is happening in Iran .
There are many people in the [ Iranian ] leadership that would love us to get involved and would love to trot out the same old foils they 've used for years , " Gibbs said .
Other Western leaders echoed the congressional statements .
Britain called in Iran 's ambassador today to complain about comments Khamenei made criticizing the United Kingdom as well as " evil British radio , " referring to BBC's Persian service , which has a wide audience in Tehran .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said European Union nations jointly condemned violence against opposition protesters in Iran saying , " The whole of the world is speaking out . "
German chancellor Angela Merkel called Khamenei's speech " disappointing " and French President Nicholas Sarkozy said the world is " preoccupied by the violence of the Iranian election reaction and the courage of the Iranian people . "
China and Russia , however , have been quiet about the recent events .
Khamenei Warns of Illegal Protests
In his speech at a mosque at Tehran University , Khamenei spoke for nearly two hours and insisted there was no fraud in Iran 's disputed presidential elections and said that the state would not cheat .
" The people have made their choice , " he said .
He also gave Ahmadinejad his full support .
" It 's natural to have differences of opinion , " he said .
" But I believe the president 's [ views ] are closer to what they should be . "
Speaking after six days of massive protests against the controversial re-election of Ahmadinejad , Khamenei said , " Today the Iranian nation needs calm . "
Friday prayers at the mosque at Tehran University -- a huge , outdoor , open - air arena -- are the premier forum for Iran 's religious leaders .
The location is full of historical meaning .
It was on the campus of Tehran University that the Islamic revolution was born in 1979 .
And today , it is certain much of Iran would have been watching and listening closely to Khamenei 's words .
Khamenei blamed " Iran 's enemies " in the West , singling out the United States , Great Britain and Israel for undermining the elections .
The " Zionist - owned Western media , " he said , are to blame too .
" The enemies [ of Iran ] are targeting the Islamic establishment 's legitimacy by questioning the election and its authenticity before and after [ the vote ] , " he said .
" After street protests , some foreign powers ... started to interfere in Iran 's state matters by questioning the result of the vote .
They do not know the Iranian nation .
I strongly condemn such interference , " Khamenei said .
Turning his attention to the United States , the ayatollah said , " American officials ' remarks about human rights and limitations on people are not acceptable because they have no idea about human rights after what they have done in Afghanistan and Iran and other parts of the world .
We do not need advice over human rights from them . "
More ominously for the opposition , Khamenei made it clear he disapproved of any " illegal " challenges .
" Elections are decided by the ballot box not in the streets , " he said .
Equally ominously , he explicitly warned opposition leaders , " If rallies continue , they will be responsible for violence . "
The opposition , so far , is undeterred and have not canceled plans for a rally on Saturday .
For the first day since Monday , there were no reports of opposition protests in Tehran , but according to the Associated Press , residents of Tehran continued to climb to their rooftops to chant " Death to the Dictator ! " in open defiance of Iran 's supreme leader 's pleadings today .
BBC reporter Jon Leyne , who has covered Iran for several years , described the atmosphere on the streets of Tehran as very tense .
" Government supporters have come out in force , " he said on " Good Morning America . "
" Great hostility to the Western media , and to people they believe are trying to undermine this country . "
Leyne said Khamenei's tough rhetoric against the West and warnings to Iranian protesters that they face dire consequences if they do n't stop rallies does not bode well for the country .
" I think this is a black day for Iran and its relations with the outside world , " he said .
" A real , new phase in this crisis from the supreme leader . "
Khamenei Tells Protestors : Stop Your ' Illegal Demands '
In Paris , Mousavi 's unofficial spokesman , Iranian filmmaker Mohsen Makhmalbaf , told ABC News that the Mousavi camp is asking other countries to not recognize Ahmadinejad 's election .
He said 700 of Mousavi 's supporters have been arrested , the former candidate 's communications offices have been ransacked , and Mousavi himself has come under government restrictions .
Watch " Good Morning America " Saturday , June 20 , for more of ABC News ' interview with Mohsen Makhmalbaf .
Makhmalbaf said Mousavi has been " assigned " a government protection force that strictly controls his movements and access to the media .
" Mousavi is 20 percent free and 80 percent under house arrest , " he said .
Ahmadinejad was in attendance at Khamenei 's speech , but Mousavi was not .
Many read this as a sign the men were made aware of the supreme leader 's stance ahead of the speech .
Addressing the protestors , Khamenei said , " It 's a wrong impression that by using street protests as a pressure tool , they can compel officials to accept their illegal demands .
This would be the start of a dictatorship . "
He challenged opposition supporters over charges of vote - rigging , saying , " Iran 's laws do not allow vote - rigging .
...
With these laws , how could it be possible to have such vote - rigging ? "
Mousavi has appealed for the election result to be annulled .
Supporters of the government , carrying posters of Khamenei , Ahmadinejad and the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomenei , the father of the 1979 Islamic revolution , packed streets outside the university .
" Ahmadinejad has been our president for four years , and during this time he has always told the truth to our people , " Javid Abbasirad , 48 , told Reuters , as he stood outside the university gates .
At the same location , hundreds of university students had protested against the election results Sunday , hurling stones at riot police .
Tehran University was the site of serious clashes against student - led protests in 1999 and is one of the nerve centers of the pro-reform movement in Iran .
Today , some members of the crowd were draped in Iranian flags , others carried placards and flyers with anti-Western slogans .
" Do n't let the history of Iran be written with the pen of foreigners , " one flier said .
On Thursday , thousands of anti-government protesters were joined by Mousavi in a march to mourn the deaths of at least eight demonstrators killed in the wake of last week 's elections .
The protesters , seen on TV , many wearing black and holding photos and the names of those killed , jammed Iman Khomeini square , according to various media reports .
" Why did you kill our brothers ? " read one sign , Reuters reported , " Our martyred brothers we will take back your votes , " read another .
Iran Has Barred Foreign Reporters From Covering Protests
Foreign media are still officially barred from covering unauthorized demonstrations .
With many foreign reporters now forced to leave the country , the protestors inside Iran have become the world 's eyes and ears on the ground , filming protests on their cellphones and distributing the footage on Web sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube .
Facebook users who speak Persian [ Farsi ] helped create a Persian - language translation of the site , which was launched Friday .
Google also added Farsi to its Google Translations tool today .
" We feel that launching Persian is particularly important now , given ongoing events in Iran , " the company said in a release .
Reuters and Associated Press contributed to this report .
Zionist officials gave the order to destroy 1500 Palestinian homes in Jerusalem .
If this order is implemented it would force nine thousand Palestinians to leave Jerusalem .
A United Nations organ emphasized that this would make the living situation in the Arab parts of Jerusalem more severe .
This weak position coming from an unimportant division of the United Nations shows the unimportance given to this issue .
They called the destruction of homes in Jerusalem and the rising of Zionist settlements as a severe living condition for Arabs in Jerusalem .
Zionist officials claimed that these homes were built without permits , but the date that these homes were built is before the establishment of the Zionist regime .
This is only an excuse .
According to the reports taken from international organizations , after Jerusalem was occupied and after the 6 - day - war in 1967 , part of the eastern section of Jerusalem was illegally taken into Zionist control .
The Zionists took over one - third of Jerusalem forcing the Palestinians who lived in these areas to leave .
They built 195 thousand houses in these areas in order to create settlements for Zionist citizens .
Zionists only gave 13 percent of east Jerusalem to Palestinians , but they also prevented any form of building in these areas in order to create unbearable conditions .
Now , the occupiers are using these conditions to force about 60 thousand Palestinians from this area .
Latoya Peterson – with Women ’s Media Center – WNN Features
With reporting opportunities strictly limited in Iran , images of Iran women carry the narrative .
Much of the media focus is on young attractive women .
The author wonders about complexities hidden behind the emerging icons .
Images are driving the Western response to the Iranian elections .
The media , hampered in their ability to report from the ground , has elected to go with citizen videos and photographs of the rising civil unrest .
One early narrative that emerged , before the demonstrations against the results of the election , was of a beautiful Iranian woman , in modern clothes , wearing a loose headscarf and casting her vote .
We ca n’t predict the image that will eventually represent the Iranian elections as the situation grows more serious each day .
The original iconography of painted hands — with green representing the regime ’s chief challenger Mir-Hossein Mousavi — has given way to palms painted red , to commemorate those who are dying .
A video is circulating of a woman known as “ Neda , ” who was killed during the protests and is becoming a symbol for the protestors who feel betrayed by their government .
One site proclaims , “ We Are All Neda . ”
However , the pre-protest narrative needs a bit more analysis .
One of the most recognizable photographs was shot by Atta Kanare for Getty Images .
A young woman stands facing the camera , a stern expression on her face and lips painted peach .
A trendy pink and purple headscarf and sunglasses complete the look and she stares directly at the lens , holding up her ink - stained index finger to prove she voted .
Some journalists and bloggers have noticed that this and other photographs taken before the election results were announced , of proud young women lining up to cast their ballots , seem to focus on the beauty of the women engaged in political action , and this trend has continued in documenting the protests .
In the midst of scenes of chaos , smoky streets , and anger , small symbols of beauty continue to emerge — a hand with manicured red fingernails clutching a pamphlet , or a bright yellow headscarf framing a waterfall of chestnut hair .
Sex sells , but so does Iranian beauty , compelling even those who are disinterested in politics and current events to pay attention , if for no other reason to find out why the alluring girl in the photo has painted palms while she flashes a peace sign .
Advertising agencies understand that attractiveness draws people in , forcing them to pay attention .
In addition , photographers are known for working toward a poignant , beautiful , and memorable picture , so their focus on beauty should come as no surprise .
However , is the narrative around what ’s happening in Iran becoming dominated by the idea of what is beautiful ?
Megan Carpentier , writing for Jezebel , makes a note of the discussion of “ pretty ” around the issue , saying “ when you see a woman with a tunic above her knees , red fingernails , an extremely loose headscarf and a protest sign , try to look beyond the ‘ pretty . ’
Those things are also a symbol of what an Ahmadinejad regime would deny ( and , in some cases , has denied ) her the right to be . ”
To see more of this story with video and special reports link to page two below > > >
Pages : 1 2
Like this : Like Loading ...
This tractor is fitted with a laser perception pod on top of its cab and a control system so it can navigate orchards autonomously ( Image : CMU / Tony Stenz ) A 3D laser ranging view of a Pennsylvania apple orchard can not only allow a mobile robot to pace its rows , but also captures detail of every tree , its foliage and fruit .
This image was produced using techniques developed by Daniel Munoz , Martial Hebert and Nicolas Vandapel ( Image : Nicolas Vandapel )
From ploughs to seed drills to tractors , evolving technology has brought about radical changes to agriculture over the years .
Now the sector is poised for another shift as robotic farmhands gear up to make agriculture greener and more efficient .
Advertisement
Three things now make mobile agricultural robots a real possibility in the near future , says Tony Stentz , an engineer at Carnegie Mellon University ’s robotics institute .
Firstly , mobile robots have now proved able to cope with complex outdoor environments ; secondly , the price of production has fallen ; and , finally , society should now see robot labourers as a benefit not a curse .
Robots could address growing concerns in the developed world about a lack of labour availability in a sector reliant on intense bursts of tough , seasonal work .
“ Automation is becoming a necessity rather than an enhancement , ” says John Billingsley at Australia ’s National Centre for Engineering in Agriculture in Toowoomba , Queensland .
Swords to ploughshares
Perhaps ironically , the fact that robots are now becoming capable of taking on the muddy challenges of food production is in large part down to the military .
The technology needed to make the leap from autonomous robots transporting things around factories to getting their wheels dirty in the field has been honed by events like the US DARPA grand challenge , a series of races for autonomous cars that had teams sending them across the desert or even through urban streets with real traffic .
Stentz helped an SUV called “ Boss ” win the Urban Challenge in 2007 and also worked on Crusher , a 6 - tonne vehicle capable of driving unaided across extreme terrain .
“ If you can deal with an off - road environment you have never seen before then you ’re well equipped for agriculture , ” says Stentz .
“ We have hit the elbow in the curve for this technology making it big outdoors . ”
He thinks that the next few years will see rapid changes in what robots can practically and affordably offer farmers .
Bearing fruit
But while having robots navigate their way through groves of trees may be similar to previously tackled robotic problems , getting them to read a crop like a seasoned rustic is another matter .
Stentz is experimenting with sending autonomous mobile robots along the rows of a Florida orange grove .
The 3D laser ranging scanner used for navigation can capture detailed measures of every tree ’s foliage and even count the oranges they bear , he says .
His Carnegie Mellon colleague Sanjiv
Singh is also gathering laser - ranging data in apple orchards in Pennsylvania ( see image ) .
Singh has also modified an orchard platform – a vehicle that drives along lines of trees carrying workers aloft to reach high fruit – to drive without human control .
“ Speciality crops like citrus , apples and other fruit trees have the most to gain from automation because they have not seen the same improvements in efficiency as other crops , ” he told New Scientist .
Saving spray
Tree - reading machines could record data more often and more thoroughly than humans , providing early warnings of disease and more accurate yield predictions , says Stentz .
This could help make the spraying of chemicals more targeted and efficient .
“ Instead of spraying at one constant rate , we can use [ a robot - built ] map to work out how to put down the minimal amount of chemical , ” he says .
Robots that navigate using laser ranging can also work at night , when more insects are active and winds are less strong , Stentz adds , making chemicals go further .
Engineers at Carnegie have already demonstrated that a robotic tractor can pilot itself around an orchard spraying water .
Such smart automation could take off if , like any new kind of consumer technology , it can offer enough benefits to be attractive to a large number of farmers , says Billingsley , and the costs should now be low enough .
He is currently working on a computer vision system that monitors the condition of cattle on huge Australian cattle stations when they cue up to access a water hole .
The Carnegie projects also involve researchers from Florida , Cornell , Penn State , Washington State , Oregon State and Purdue universities , and a range of industrial partners .
I love my Amazon Kindle .
I love reading with it , I love how light it is , and I love the battery life .
I also love the fact that it automatically syncs with the Amazon Kindle application on my iPhone and iPod touch .
That means any book will open to the last page read regardless of the device last used .
it is an amazing bit of technology that makes reading books across multiple platforms beyond simple .
It ’s a perfect situation — right ?
Well , it ’s an almost perfect situation .
This afternoon I discovered a huge Achilles heel in the whole Amazon Kindle environment .
Perhaps the best way for me to explain the problem is by simply recounting the events that led to the discovery .
Two days ago I upgraded my iPod touch to iPhone OS version 3.0 .
Today my new iPhone came .
That means two new handhelds in a three - day period .
I loaded all of my primary apps onto both and began the process of entering my credentials for each app that requires them .
( I decided it was best to start off with a clean slate rather than attempting to restore from a prior backup . )
When I got the Amazon Kindle app I knew there was one particular book I needed to download to both devices immediately .
It ’s a reference book that I wanted to make sure that I had on my device as the weekend began .
But when I opened the app it only showed me a small subset of my books .
“ What ? ” I wondered .
I went into that digital download portion of Amazon store and there I saw a list of all the books that I have purchased for my Kindle .
“ Great , ” I thought “ I ’ll just choose the books that I want and click the ‘ download / send it to …’ Button next to the item . ”
I clicked and a few books gave back the message “ successfully sent to ” .
A number of the books , however , including the one I was looking for , gave back the message that they were unable to be sent to my iPhone .
I tried to download it to my iPod touch and received the same message .
Figuring that the store might not be recognizing the two new devices I removed all of my handheld devices from my account and added both my iPhone and my touch back .
I went back in , clicked “ download / send to ” and received exactly the same message .
I was starting to get frustrated .
At this point I decided that I ’d spent enough time trying to hassle with this and , since I must doing something very simple wrong , my best alternative was to simply call customer service .
I did and that ’s when I got the surprise .
The customer rep asked me to send every one of the books in my Amazon library to my iPhone .
Most of them gave the message that they were sent but a number of them returned the message “ Cannot be sent to selected device ” .
“ Oh that ’s the problem , ” he said “ if some of the books will download and the others wo n’t it means that you ’ve reached the maximum number of times you can download the book . ”
I asked him what that meant since the books I needed to download were n’t currently on any device because I had wiped those devices clean and simply wanted to reinstall .
He proceeded to tell me that there is always a limit to the number of times you can download a given book .
Sometimes , he said , it ’s five or six times but at other times it may only be once or twice .
And , here ’s the kicker folks , once you reach the cap you need to repurchase the book if you want to download it again .
Quick aside — all of the books that are in my Fictionwise bookshelf having been downloaded numerous times and although I have to go through the pain of unlocking them each and every time , I ’m able to download them to any iPhone or iPod touch I ’m using without a problem .
It ’s the reason that I ’ve been using Stanza , now owned by Amazon , a fair bit these days as I read through some of the books remaining in my account .
It gets worse .
I asked the customer representative where this information was available and he told me that it ’s in the fine print of the legalese agreement documentation .
“ It ’s not right that they are in bold print when you buy a book ? ” I asked .
“ No , I do n’t believe so .
You can have to look for it . ”
We ’re not done - it gets even worse .
“ How do I find out how many times I can download any given book ? ” I asked .
He replied , “ I do n’t think you can .
That ’s entirely up to the publisher and I do n’t think we always know . ”
I pressed —
“ You mean when you go to buy the book it does n’t say ‘ this book can be downloaded this number of times ’ even though that limitation is there ? ”
To which he replied , “ No , I ’m very sorry it does n’t . ”
Here is the major problem with this scenario .
First , it ’s not clear that this is the policy .
Second , there ’s no way to find out in advance how many times a book is able to be downloaded .
You can buy a book and it can only be downloaded numerous times or you can buy a book and only then discover that it can be downloaded only once .
( The rep even put it this way ! )
There is no way to know .
In the meantime , Amazon wants us to upgrade our Kindles every year or two .
Apple wants us to upgrade our iPhone or iPod touch every year or two .
This means that although the books remain in your Kindle library online you may not be able to download them once you upgrade your hardware .
And there is no way to know — at least according to what the customer service rep told me .
This does n’t bother me tremendously with a fiction book which I will likely buy , read and be done with .
( I know some people reread books or love passing them around to family .
I ’m not one of them . )
But it does n’t work for me at all with regard to reference books .
I want to know that I can buy a reference book and legitimately access it on the Kindle and the iPhone I own today and the Kindle 3 and iPhone 3G Q I own next year .
I checked the site and could find no indication of download limits in the information on any of the numerous books I looked at .
Therefore I will assume the rep gave me accurate , honest information .
That being the case … this entire thing is ridiculous !!!!
No , I should not be able to send my books to anyone I feel like sending them to , but in this day and age I should be able to redownload the books I HAVE BOUGHT after I upgrade my hardware !
( It ’s not like I can backup my Amazon Kindle books the way I back up my iTunes library .
Amazon is my library backup !
Or so I thought . )
At a minimum Amazon should be absolutely upfront about this policy and Amazon should NOT be using the argument that the number of times you can download the book is up to the publisher and they have no way of controlling it or EVEN KNOWING where the ceiling is .
It should say right up front , before you purchase the book ,
“ If you purchase this book you ’ll be able to download it a total of X number of times .
After that you may be required to repurchase it . ”
Oh , and while I ’m at it , how about adding this line to their promo material …
Own an iPhone ?
The iPhone is a perfect companion for your Kindle .
To read Kindle books on your iPhone or iPod touch , simply download our free Kindle for iPhone application .
Our new Whispersync technology saves and synchronizes your reading location across your Kindle(s ) and your iPhone .
That is , assuming you are able to download the book again in the first place .
Now you can read a few pages on your iPhone and pick up right where you left off when you return to your Kindle .
( Bold is added . )
At least that way we would know upfront what we are getting ourselves into when we buy a book .
This entire episode makes me question whether or not I will purchase any additional books from Amazon .
I never wanted to get on the “ DRM - Complaint Bandwagon ” .
Tonight I ’m not just riding the wagon , I ’m driving the damn thing .
The Second Part Of This Saga Can Be Found In This Post .
Tehran is bracing for another day of tension after Iran 's capital descended into the worst violence since the country 's disputed presidential election .
After warnings against protesting from Iran 's Supreme Leader , security forces have been using increased force to crack down on the latest protests .
There is no sign of a political resolution to the opposition 's complaints of vote - rigging in favour of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and demonstrations have been continuing .
Helicopters criss - crossed the city and ambulance sirens wailed into the night after streets emptied of protesters who had defied Friday 's stern warning from Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei against further demonstrations .
Riot police had deployed in force , firing teargas , using batons and water cannon to disperse groups of several hundred Iranians who had gathered across the city .
Foreign news organisations are banned by the authorities from going to unauthorised demonstrations but media outlets have been receiving reports from protesters themselves .
This man , who calls himself Siavoush , has been speaking to the BBC's Persian service .
" We witnessed security forces and I could n't tell if they were in uniform or plain clothing opening fire directly on the crowd , " he said .
" All we could do was run away and I saw one person wounded on the ground .
" We kept hearing different things from those around us about the number of people killed or injured . "
' Be peaceful '
The main opposition challenger in the disputed Iranian election Mir-Hossein Mousavi has urged his supporters to continue their protests , but stressed that they should be peaceful .
In a message on his website , Mr Mousavi says he does not want anyone to put their lives in danger , but says they have a constitutional right to demonstrate .
Mr Mousavi is urging Iranians to stage a national strike if he is arrested by the authorities .
Mr Mousavi says the June 12 elections that delivered an overwhelming victory to hardline anti-Western President Ahmadinejad were fraudulent and must be annulled .
He says the fraud was months in the planning .
Obama
US President Barack Obama called on Iran 's Government to stop " violent and unjust " action against its own people , in his sharpest challenge yet to top leader on a day of bloodshed and violence .
Mr Obama issued a written statement stiffening his position on the turmoil , after a week seeking to find the right tone to recognise unprecedented protests in Iran while avoiding being seen to meddle in Iranian affairs .
" We call on the Iranian Government to stop all violent and unjust actions against its own people , " Mr Obama said , as protestors clashed in defiance of an order from supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei for an end to protests .
" The Iranian Government must understand that the world is watching .
We mourn each and every innocent life that is lost , " Mr Obama said .
Worldwide support
Iranians around the world are holding rallies to show their support for the demonstrators in Tehran .
Hundreds of Iranian expats are protesting outside the Iranian embassy in London to demand their absentee ballots are counted .
In Australia , hundreds of protesters gathered in Sydney and Brisbane , calling on the Government not to recognise the re-election of Mr Ahmadinejad .
This Iranian - American man has been protesting in New York every day since the election results were announced .
" This is a movement which is of course generated on the foundation of the resentment of the Iranian people , especially the younger generation that demands freedom , " he said .
- ABC / BBC / Reuters
The French Interior Ministry has issued orders to the prefects not to communicate to the media the crime statistics for the nights of July 13 - 15 .
The cartoon at the top shows Marianne , the woman symbolizing the French Republic , watching the " official " weather report , “ More sun tomorrow ” it says , as it pours outside .
Le Monde has a long article about the news blackout :
[...]
Only the figures for the night of July 13 - 14 were published : " Some 500 vehicles " were burned , the worst ever recorded for the eve of the national holiday .
Despite repeated requests to the Interior Ministry , and the DGPN [ similar to the FBI ] , no figures were forthcoming for the night of July 14 - 15 .
These orders have been strictly applied .
The different prefectures contacted by Le Monde refused to respond , citing " ministerial instructions . "
Regional news media reported the same problem .
The daily La Provence issued an unofficial report that was much less favorable than 2008 : 41 cars and a day - care center in Marseilles burned . [… ]
Other local papers describe the same problems .
In Reims , the daily L'Union denounces the attitude of the authorities : " Yesterday morning , every journalist who came , even for the smallest piece of news , to the firemen , or gendarmes or police , heard the same answer : ' No fires ' .
In fact , the truth is quite different .
Some of those we questioned admitted under their breath : ' We can not say anything about the fires .
We have received orders . "
In Lyons , the daily Le Progrès reports the same blackout : " Orders not to speak on the radio were given to firemen , gendarmes and police . "
In previous years the radio network Europe 1 had systematically called the prefectures to verify the official counts .
On January 1 , 2008 , the DGPN reported 372 burnt cars for New Year 's Eve vs 746 reported by Europe 1 .
Finally the ministry of the interior admitted that there had been 878 fires .
" Instructions " given to the prefectures henceforth forbid this type of verification .
Some bits of news have leaked through .
An article at the conservative blog François Desouche ( based on a report in the newspaper Le Parisien ) describes the use of firecrackers against the police , in the suburb of Tremblay - en - France , department of Seine - Saint - Denis .
This was the second time in a few weeks that police on patrol were drawn to a group of youths .
Masked by their clothing they threw firecrackers and rocks at the police .
Also , in the city of Evry , four or five large packs of firecrackers were stolen by a group of hooded individuals who broke into the fair grounds thanks to the inadequate number of guards .
Agnès Moutet - Lamy , the spokesman for the Socialist mayor made light of the event : " That can always happen .
There 's nothing to worry about . "
However , Jean - Charles Béraud , an expert in pyrotechnics , stated that firecrackers " can become a monstrously dangerous weapon .
A mortar can be propelled 120 meters and create an explosion 80 meters in diameter .
It can kill someone .
Even one large firecracker can rip apart a hand . "
Using the daily La Provence as its source , another article at François Desouche relates the violence in Marseilles on the night of July 14 : A fire ravaged 5 hectares close to residences .
Two helicopters pouring water on the fire and a fierce battle waged by the marine firemen were needed to bring the fire under control .
A day - care center was partially burned .
A row of cypress trees bordering a nursery school went up in smoke .
One individual was arrested as he threw rockets on the marine firemen who had come to put out a trash can fire .
Fires were set in the four corners of one neighborhood , while trash cans and cars burned in others , notably with the help of Molotov cocktails .
While the firemen went on one call after the other , the police fell into what appears to be an ambush .
Bullets were fired at them and diverse projectiles were thrown in their direction .
One policeman was slightly injured by a rock .
The anti-crime brigade arrested one individual in possession of a 22 - caliber rifle .
Our Gaikai team has been working really hard for the last year , we demonstrated our tech privately at GDC , then LIVE ( hands on ) to most of the major publishers at E3 .
For the people that visit my blog , I wanted to flick through some demos and show the experience under the following conditions :
(1) No installing anything .
( I ’m running regular Windows Vista , with the latest Firefox and Flash is installed . )
(2) This is a low - spec server , it ’s a very custom configuration , fully virtualized .
Why ?
To keep the costs to an absolute minimum .
We had 7 Call of Duty games running on our E3 demo server recently .
(3) Data travel distance is around 800 miles ( round trip ) on this demo as that ’s where the server is .
I get a 21 millisecond ping on that route .
My final delay will be 10 milliseconds as I just added a server in Irvine California yesterday , but it ’s not added to our grid yet .
( So this demo is twice the delay I personally would get , the good news is I do n’t notice it anyway . )
(4) This server is not hosted by a Tier 1 provider , just a regular Data Center in Freemont California .
Also , I ’m not cheating and using fiber connections for our demos .
This is a home cable connection in a home .
(5) We do n’t claim to have 5,000 pages of patents , we did n’t take 7 years , and we do not claim to have invented 1 millisecond encryption and custom chips .
As you can see , we do n’t need them , and so our costs will be much less . 😉
(6) We designed this for the real internet .
The video compression codecs change in realtime based on the need of the application ( or game ) , and based on the hardware & bandwidth you have .
( For Photoshop we make sure it ’s pixel perfect . )
(7) Our bandwidth is mostly sub 1 megabit across all games .
( Works with Wifi , works on netbooks with no 3D card etc . )
(8) If you hear any clicks , they are coming from my wireless headset microphone .
I wo n’t use that next time I promise . 🙂
(9 ) I made a few video cuts using Windows Movie maker to cut out dead air .
Like Need for Speed has far to many menus with loads & delays between them .
So I tried to keep the pace up so you see plenty of demos
( 10 ) I keep getting asked what operating system we use .
We are completely OS agnostic , some demos come from Linux , some come from Windows and will ultimately support streaming from MAC servers too .
Publishers , you know how to contact me if you want to be in our Private Closed Beta .
( There ’s no work involved . )
Investors , just ping me on info@gaikai.com if you feel you can add strategic value to this project .
Service providers , we have all our needs covered , but if you want to contact us for some reason , again just use info@gaikai.com
Gamers , we want closed beta testers , especially if you live in California , so please sign up at http://www.gaikai.com
Please add a note that you live in California .
We are not in competition with any other streaming company or technology , our business model is entirely different .
I will be talking about it more during my up - coming speeches at video game conferences .
( Develop this month , and GDC Europe are the next two . )
Our goals are really simple , to remove all the friction between hearing about a game and trying it out , to help reduce the cost of gaming , to grow video game audiences , to raise the revenue that publishers and developers can earn , and ( most importantly ) to make games accessible everywhere .
If the iPhone App store has taught us anything , when you make it easy to check things out , you get a billion downloads .
I look to sites like Kongregate.com , I made a list of their most popular Flash games and just that first page of hits had 61 million plays on it .
There are an estimated 20,000 Flash game sites on the web .
That ’s a TON of players looking for great content !
We can supply all that content with a single click .
The professional games industry has never had acess to those countless millions of clicks , but now they do :
http://vimeo.com/moogaloop.swf?clip_id=5404358&server=vimeo.com&show_title=1&show_byline=1&show_portrait=0&color=00ADEF&fullscreen=1
Gaikai Technology Demo ( JULY 1 , 2009 ) from David Perry on Vimeo .
Backup Video Link
Faster Video Link – NOT HD
UPDATE :
Eurogamer did a technical review of OnLive and really beat them up , and they offered to review our tech .
So we embraced this , and here ’s the article : CLICK HERE
( They also get into the business model a bit . )
We are listening to the questions , and our next video will cover all the key points .
I will be talking about the tech at Develop , we do n’t have UK servers set up yet , but we do have an offer …
The top 4 publications ( by audience ) that contact us can come and try our tech ( first hand ) .
We just need you to be within driving distance of Amsterdam or Irvine , CA .
We simply want you to be able to say with complete confidence “ it ’s real ! ”
Thanks everyone for the support !
This blog video has been watched over 100,000 times now on YouTube and Vimeo !
If you want to sign up for the beta , here ’s a direct link : CLICK HERE .
Yesterday I talked about payroll being significant in baseball .
I know , that should be obvious .
But as I did the quickie chart on Word and tried to manipulate the dimensions on WordPress ’ HTML editor , I thought about how wildly inaccurate taking a win-loss record and measuring the marginal wins over some replacement level team probably was .
I knew of course about how run differential , the number of runs a team scores and allows , is a much better indicator of a team ’s quality than their actual win-loss record , as bullpen quality and pure luck can affect wins and losses in a big way .
Having said that , I did a quick search on FanGraphs , feeling certain that someone had written on the topic on which I was about to embark .
Sure enough , the always excellent Dave Cameron did a piece on this using win-loss record and payroll for the 2008 season .
Cameron ’s work was just a quick study done near the end of 2008 , and more has been done to try and break down revenue based on hitters ’ , pitchers ’ , and fielders ’ performance .
The Baseball Economist by J.C. Bradbury goes in far more detail thatn I ’d ever be able to or have the time for , so if you ’re really interested in this , you can take a look .
Also , check out the explanations , issues , and other things involved ( it ’s a lot of reading , I have n’t gone through it all , but it looks very good and I promise to do so myself ) .
That being said , I was focusing on Cameron ’s quick piece .
I thought that using run differential for this type of analysis made for more accurate results and , honestly , I was intrigued by what the numbers would look like for high payroll teams like the Yankees and Red Sox as opposed to lower payroll teams which had enjoyed some success like the A’s and Twins .
So I embarked on the path to something related to economic analysis .
The study would look at the last ten seasons , 1999 - 2008 , and compare marginal dollar values per run of each team .
I knew my methodology would be based upon using the Pythagorean expectation formula to determine a theoretical replacement team ’s run differential .
The version of the formula I used was the Pythagenpat method , commonly recognized as the most accurate of Pythagorean expectations methods .
To calculate the theoretical replacement team ’s run differential , I took the desired win percentage calculated by Tom Tango ( see the link Mr. Tango ’s calculations in the link to the previous post above ) , calculated to be .292 and inserted it into Pythagenpat .
Run environment for each team was taken into account by using the total runs scored and allowed for each individual team and using this in Pythagenpat to determine the replacement team ’s runs allowed and scored , thus equating that value for both real and replacement team .
Run totals were taken from Baseball - Reference .
Marginal runs were calculated as the difference between a real team ’s runs scored and allowed and that of its replacement team with the same run environment .
For team salaries , USA Today ’s Salary Database was used .
In order to more accurately compare between the years within the ten - year period , I corrected all payrolls from the first nine years to 2008 dollars using known CPI indexes .
The baseline payroll of $ 12 million dollars ( 30 players times the league minimum of $ 400,000 each ) was also corrected for each year .
With that introduction to the methodology , here ’s the work in spreadsheet format .
Each tab contains a year from 1999 - 2008 , with the Summary tab containing the averages for each team in that ten - year span and a tally on playoff appearances , division titles , wild card berths , and World Series results .
Italicized team names indicate playoff teams for the year , underlined team names indicate World Series runner-ups , and bolded team names indicate World Series winners .
Here ’s some conclusions we can look at from just checking out the summary page .
From here on out , I ’ll be using the convention of 10 runs / 1 win to discuss some of the data .
I did n’t include first - order win totals in the spreadsheet so that you may use your own more accurate convention at your leisure .
– Only two teams were able to get a marginal win for less than $ 1 M throughout the ten - year span , and it should come as no surprise that those teams were the Oakland Athletics and the Florida Marlins .
However , the teams did so using two different strategies .
The A’s , run by everyone ’s favorite / most hated genius GM Billy Beane , ran competitive , division - winning teams for half of the observed decade , mostly on what is considered “ mid- market ” budget .
The A ’s averaged $ 54 million in 2008 dollars in payroll a year and turned it into a .552 theoretical win percentage .
The club won four AL West titles and one Wild Card berth , but never advanced into a World Series , highlighted by Beane ’s well - known quip : “ My shit does n’t work in the playoffs . ”
The Marlins on the other hand accomplished their feat in a less successful fashion .
Instead of remaining competitive each year on a tight budget , the Marlins often forgoed competitiveness on their extremely minimalist budget .
The Marlins average the lowest payroll in baseball over those ten years , clocking in at about $ 37.9 million adjusted .
They garnered their value without experiencing a great deal of postseason success , appearing in only one October season , though they won the World Series that season .
Overall the Marlins came out with a .479 in percentage based on run differential , which is middling and not overall playoff worthy .
The actual team did compete for Wild Cards in five seasons , but were mostly eliminated by September and overachieved in many of those years anyway .
So while the A ’s showed postseason consistency for half the decade , the Marlins held tightly to an almost non-existent budget and were able to use mostly rookies to play mediocre baseball .
– It also should come as no surprise that the Yankees and Red Sox both topped the win percentage standings and were among the leaders in marginal dollars per run .
The Yankees led the way , spending $ 328 K per marginal run , far and away the largest total .
But can they really be blamed for spending that sort of money ?
The Yankees made the playoff nine out of ten years and won two World Series , though both were at the start of the sample decade .
The Red Sox similarly won two World Series near the middle and end of the decade and were not shy with their money either , spending $ 238 K per run .
There is a large distinction between the success of these teams and the others ; while the Yankees and Red Sox posted win percentages of .575 and .570 respectively , only two other teams , the Braves and the A’s , were above .550 .
So money indeed can buy you wins , and more often that not a lot of them .
However the correlation is at times broken at best .
This is where the personnel people at the top of the Yankees and Red Sox shine , as they often find the right people to throw their copious coffers at .
The Yankees are first in marginal dollars per run , and the Sox rank fourth , but the two teams ahead of the Sox , the Mets and Orioles , were not nearly as impressive .
Despite spending $ 2.7 M per marginal win , the Mets mustered only .518 win percentage , good for about three games over .500 each season .
The Orioles , in an attempt to “ keep up with the Joneses , ” spent lavishly and poorly , wasting $ 2.49 M per win and getting a pathetic .452 win percentage .
It looks as if the team is finally working towards rebuilding now after years of struggle being in the AL East .
Certainly , the last ten years for this team would be best forgotten .
– The average marginal dollar per win over the ten - year span was $ 1.88 M .
Dave Cameron had another piece discussing the final piece of the win values puzzle that stated that in 2008 one could determine that the average salary cost of a win in the league was $ 2.31 M .
Using first - order wins rather than basic wins I have my total at $ 2.23 M .
The low average makes it obvious that the market has become more and more flooded with salary money as the decade has passed , even after correcting for inflation .
In 1999 , the average value of a win was $ 1.25 M ; in 2003 it was $ 1.94 M .
Payrolls are as top - heavy as ever with players getting more and more money .
Can a small - market strategy like the Marlins ’ , Rays ’ , or Athletics ’ work with teams paying more marginally per win ?
In 2008 , 16 of 30 Major League teams averaged less marginal dollars per run than the average for the league , which sounds reasonable enough .
However , four of those teams were at $ 2.0 M per win , meaning that the majority of teams are still attempting to eke out their wins paying less than $ 2.0 M per win and thus depending heavily on rookies .
Some teams found success and some did n’t , likely a product of scouting and personnel .
It does n’t seem likely that these strategies would falter so much that the personnel departments who run them would do a poor job doing so .
Teams like Pittsburgh were notorious for spending less and spending wastefully when they did , while the A ’s have always been effective with their spending .
I think in general these numbers have reflected what most people thought of various teams throughout the time period .
Still , it ’s interesting to see the actual figures and compare them .
On the next installment of this piece , we ’ll look at some of the best and worst seasons of marginal dollar per run / first - order win from the first half of the decade .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya has returned to the country 's border with Nicaragua for the second day running , demanding to be allowed home .
He says he will set up camp on the Nicaraguan side to keep up pressure on the interim Honduran government .
Speaking into a megaphone , he demanded to be allowed to see his family , who he has not seen since last month 's coup .
On Friday , he made a symbolic crossing over the border into Honduras but withdrew minutes later .
The US , which opposed Mr Zelaya 's dismissal and expulsion last month , has described his current attempts to return home as " reckless " .
Interim Honduran President Roberto Micheletti dismissed Friday 's brief return as a publicity stunt , saying Mr Zelaya 's action was " ill - conceived and silly " .
The country 's interior minister said that if the ousted president had dared go any further , he would have been arrested .
Meanwhile , the Honduran armed forces have indicated they would not oppose a deal to restore Mr Zelaya to the presidency with limited powers , the New York Times reports .
Curfew During Saturday 's return to the frontier , the cowboy - hatted exiled president vowed to wait near the border .
Zelaya road show reaches border " Today we are going to set up camps here , with water and food .
We are going to stay here this afternoon , tonight and tomorrow morning , " he told a crowd of 150 supporters .
But he said he would not attempt another crossing for fear of soldiers attacking his supporters , the Associated Press news agency reports .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton criticised Mr Zelaya 's action , calling it " reckless " and " not conducive to the broader effort to restore constitutional order " .
Much of southern Honduras has been paralysed by the crisis , the BBC's Stephen Gibbs says from Honduras .
A curfew remains in place day and night .
Supporters of Mr Zelaya , describing themselves as a resistance movement , have blocked main roads , our correspondent says .
Anti-Zelaya supporters protested about his planned return Dozens of trucks have been parked for several days in the approaches to the border , unable to make the crossing .
And there is no sign as to when , or how , this will all end , our correspondent adds .
Mr Zelaya has been in exile since 28 June when a coup forced him from power .
The government which replaced him says he was attempting to stay in power indefinitely .
He insists he remains the democratically - elected leader of Honduras .
The talks in Costa Rica aimed at resolving the political crisis broke up last week with no agreement between the two sides .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There was a War back in the Twentieth Century that murdered this society .
It was for all intents and purposes a nearly unseen , but devastatingly cruel war that went almost unnoticed .
It was initiated by Ronald Reagan ; the public called it " The Reagan Revolution , " and it trashed the society by taking over almost all of the publicly owned services which the public had created to serve the community - and not to simply make tons of money .
Any society worthy of the name creates services for its citizens , both in public services that traditionally provide for everyday welfare , and in order to give something back to the taxpaying public , for all that government routinely takes from people every day .
Then along came Ronnie who preached about the evils of government ownership of anything at all .
His credo amounted to claiming that every public service ought to become a privately owned cash register that answered to the needs of private - enterprise over public services : but most especially to the bottom - line of those corporations that needed to show mega- profits for their new " investors . "
So a formula was created that went like this : Private investors would form private corporations that would put up about ten percent of what the public had created for themselves and of what the publicly owned services were worth - in exchange - these private corporations would then own the public 's property and their business to create their private profits , which the public could cash - in on , by buying stocks in the newly created and very private corporations !
Bascially selling us back shares in what we already owned !
In California ; Pacific Gas & Electric was one of the victims of this fraud .
Before it was allowed to be privatized PG & E was a blue - ribbon stock that paid solidly , year in and year out : not huge dividends , but their stock was a sound and long - term investment that was respected and dependable .
After Prop F was allowed to steal PG& E , to take it private , PG & E became involved in the Enron collapse that cost the people of California $ 18 billion .
The Regan Revolution went much further than to just corrupt previously publicly owned companies : they mandated that every service that had begun with ownership by the public needed to be privatized ; because only the private corporate - world could make money with things like public services , that up until then had been " a drain " on the public purse .
' Privatization would bring an economic windfall from the drudgery and incompetence of publicly owned services .
The justification by the Regan Revolution was that Everything Must Earn a Profit , or it should be terminated :
The entire idea of society providing anything for its citizens was heresy to any True - Capitalist .
The result was ' The Revolution That Killed Society ' .
Everything from the buses and the trains , to electricity , natural gas and heating oil , public hospitals , and public health : indeed everything except possibly firefighters and police have been privatized : and now even those two " services " are experimenting with the idea of privatization as well .
The Post Office was one of the strangest hybrids in this war ; having become a part of both the government agency and private industry , it is now being strangled from both sides and it too will soon be eliminated , because of Reagan 's Revolution .
" A rallying cry can be heard across the country , from the swanky streets of New York 's SoHo to the tiny town of Randolph , Kan . : " Save our post office ! "
As the United States Postal Service , weighed down by a crippling multibillion - dollar deficit , shrinks its operations , post offices across the country are on the chopping block .
Each year , hundreds of postal operations shutter , but this coming fall could be the single biggest consolidation in Postal Service history .
Over the next three months , more than 3,200 post offices and retail outlets -- out of 34,000 -- will be reviewed for possible closure or consolidation .
Tell us : Should the Postal Service be shutting thousands of offices ?
Downsizing is a business imperative , says Linda Welch , acting vice president of delivery and post office operations at the Postal Service .
" Revenues have declined , and mail volume continues to decline , " she says .
" Not only have e-mail and electronic bill paying made for a skinnier mail stream , but the recession has caused a sharp pullback in advertising mail that has hurt the Postal Service even more .
In March , Postmaster General John Potter asked Congress for the right to reduce the mail week from six days to five , for a savings of $ 3.5 billion .
Shutting down post offices will have similar cost - saving effects .
And most Americans say they 're OK with the cutbacks , as long as they do n't have to pay more to send mail .
A recent USA Today / Gallup poll found that more Americans would rather the Postal Service curtail services than seek a bailout or raise stamp prices . "
( 1 ) But as usual that 's not the whole story .
The privatized side of the Post Office was able to sell off the profitable side of its publicly owned services in the Post Office , to other corporations , leaving the US Postal Service looking like the dumbest kid in the public - sector block - rather like the public agency that could no longer even make change for a dollar .
So , the solution is obvious : ' The Post Office must go ! " Regan 's Revolution killed - off the public 's ability to cope with times like these .
When public services did not depend on the overriding need to make large private profits , the services could be maintained .
That 's why the public created them in the first place , so that people could get around , get to their jobs , see a doctor , or appeal for help to any number of government investigators ­ without having to choose between eating and paying the rent .
In a Depression , like this one , fares could be kept down so that people could make what little money they have go further .
If there were still public medical services that were not riddled with privatized costs and privatized bean - counters that are not medical personnel ­ then staying well might not be nearly as difficult as it is today .
But in instance after instance what was once public has now definitely been privatized .
In San Francisco this same mentality was contrived to try to privatize the San Francisco Free Public Library and turn it into a Petri- dish for privatization and development of the computer revolution .
This was a concerted effort by private entities to destroy a public institution which corporate elitists had envisioned as the replacement institution for all the books , information and all other antiquated remnants of the last several hundred years .
However , because the public rebelled :
They failed !
( 2 ) However the Regan Revolution succeed in co-opting the public 's real interest in maintaining public services for the public ; by theoretically offering those with a 401 K the chance to get rich quick , by " owning " every part of the society and 'by assisting the Revolution in getting rid of all that government waste in the process . '
The problem was and is that the moronic public with its truncated vision concerning what is beneficial for their longer - term survival , bought the whole bottle of Snake - Oil that Elmer - Gantry Reagan was selling - hook , line and sinker .
So by the time Bush Senior and Clinton had finished cleaning out all the laws that prohibited the very things that are happening throughout the financial and economic worlds of today :
The path had been cleared for Bush Junior and his Dictatorship to finish cleaning out whatever concerns might still be lingering around the societies need to provide anything at all for its citizens .
And then of course we now have Obamageddon who has taken lying and deceit to whole new levels of corruption and hypocrisy .
The statements by Barack Hussein Obama , in this video , that were made long before the Attack on Gaza took place ; are enough in themselves to impeach Obama and charge him with TREASON .
He swears herein , in his own words , to protect and defend Israel no matter the cost , and to do this he is pledging US tax dollars to a country that has attacked us in the past ( its attempt to sink USS Liberty ) , and the Jonathon Pollard Spy Scandal , as well as having committed other acts of assassination and political intrigues designed to undermine US polices and to kill US troops , such as in the killing of 242 US Marines in Beirut , on Reagan 's watch .
( The footprint left by the bombs used in Beirut and in Lebanon to assassinate the popular leader there was blamed on Syria at the time , but never proven : what was proven was that these bombs , and the ones used on other barracks were identical ) /
It was later discovered that because of the sophistication of these bombs , they could only have been made in Israel .
Of course all of this information , which came out after the Lebanon assassination , has now been scrubbed from the web .
In this video Obama uses extreme oxymoron's to justify the racist Zionist positions that Israel has now embraced .
Herein Obama continually claims under ' Israel 's ' artificially - crafted " right - to - exist " , that Israel 's right to self - determination is supreme , while at same time denying the rights of the Palestinians to that same " right - to - exist " in what has been their own homeland for thousands of years .
Obamageddon is doing this from the podium of AIPAC , which is the unregistered political agent of a foreign power ; whose purposes run counter to those of the people of the United States .
Here Obama has made clear that in his zeal to support Israel ( right - or - wrong ) ; he is also willing to commit Treason to pacify the Zionist agenda - which is something that , after his first six months in office , we can now see he has done : REPEATEDLY , to the detriment of the United States at the very - deep expense to our own people that are not just suffering but dying in the streets of this country .
Further Obamageddon restates his opposition to the freely elected political leadership in Palestine , which he brands as terrorists - while supporting the Zionist state that came to power through blackmail and terrorism and which can hold onto power only by intimidation , internationally - outlawed - aggression , torture , and murder .
Israel has gone from a " state " that asked for " space " inside a land that was occupied by others , to becoming a racially exclusive state for Zionists only : where anyone other than Zionists are not just excluded from politics but will be prosecuted or killed , under the terms of the current ultra-hardline - leadership in Tel Aviv .
After beginning with a victim 's plea for a place of their own , inside the homeland of others , Israel is now demanding that all those who let them in , should be exterminated wherever their former hosts might now be trying to continue to exist .
And finally Obama confirms ( in absolute contravention of international agreements ) that Jerusalem ( once the defacto capital of three religions ) should now become the sole ideological religious capital of Israel wherein all others shall be banned ( including Christians ) .
Listen to candidate Obama tell the world that he believes in breaking with the International laws , that have already been shattered on all sides , to grant massive exceptions to the Outlawed and banished tribe of Zionism ; anywhere and everywhere that the Zionists choose to claim their special exemption from the laws of the international community of nations , as well as from all the other rules that apply to other religions and to other people on this planet .
These are not the words of a sane person or of a loyal American - these are the words of a US dictator who has clearly become a Traitor to America and a traitor to American ideals of fairness or justice anywhere else in the world .
Not only should Obama never have been selected to lead this nation : he should be impeached and imprisoned based on his own statements in this tape , along with his many other shattered promises to the people that he swore to protect and defend from foreign - criminal - enemies , such as the Zionists that now absolutely rule Israel , which this video so clearly illustrates .
Watch the video in the attachment , and decide for yourselves if these are the words of an American leader or are they the words of an indoctrinated agent of a foreign power .
This is really the only question that needs to be clearly understood , if Americans are to ever question all the rest of the criminality being initiated now by this criminally - deceptive and global shadow government that seeks to rule us all !
( 3 ) It 's interesting that so far the only real ' Revolutionary Wars ' have come from inside the government against the people of this nation .
When will it be time for us to answer these very real attacks upon our dreams and hopes , as well as our very lives ?
kirwanstudios@sbcglobal.net
1 ) Could Your Post Office Be Closing ?
http://articles.moneycentral.msn.com/Investing/Extra/could-your-post-office-be-closing.aspx
2 ) High Tech Barbarians at the Gates http://www.kirwanesque.com/politics/articles/2006/art27.htm
3 ) Senator Barack Obama http://www.aipac.org/about_AIPAC/Learn_About_AIPAC/2841_12181.asp
If you are n't from the UK , it might be hard to imagine how the system actually works .
Do you just rock up at any doctor or hospital when you feel like it ?
What are the criteria ?
What 's it like being an NHS patient ?
The " patient 's perspective " in question is mine - I was born and brought up in London , have parents , sisters , a brother , a partner and a 3 year old son who are all ordinarily resident in the UK and therefore NHS patients .
This article looks at how the National Health Service really works in the United Kingdom - specifically , in England .
The NHS is split into four parts , for England , Wales , Scotland , and Northern Ireland .
The differences are n't great , but there are some minor variations .
This hub follows on from two others , the first is called , The National Health Service in the UK : who pays , and who is covered , and details how the NHS was founded in 1948 , who is covered by the system , and how much it all costs .
The second , What the National Health Service ( NHS ) in the UK covers , and what costs patients extra is about what patients pay for medical care , dentistry , and optician 's treatment , under the NHS .
Music To Die Alone In Space To
From 2015 - 2017 , Spruke launched a new method of music distribution : a Kickstarter for an album in which the album would be individually rerecorded for every backer , creating hundreds of variant copies of the same work .
All in all , three hundred and ten unique copies of Music To Die Alone In Space
To were recorded , each with its own attention to individual variations , happy accidents , and glitches .
To learn more about what happened , visit the Project Page for Music To Die Alone In Space To .
The story you ’re about to read updates on Tuesdays and Thursdays .
As a reader you have a variety of options as to how you can receive updates …
Subscribe to the RSS FEED , which can be done by clicking the RSS button in the url bar or the RSS icon at the top of the left sidebar .
Utilize the TAG COMIC widget atop the right sidebar .
It works as follows : to return to the last page visited at a later date , click the “ tag page ” button at the appropriate page to bookmark it , and on your next visit click “ goto tag ” to pick up where you left off .
click “ clear ” to erase the bookmark .
Your browser must have cookies enabled for this function .
Lastly you can BOOKMARK http://www.kukuburi.com/current to take you to the most recent page upon every visit .
enjoy the ride !
ramón .
By and large , we found that Internet Explorer 8 performed well , and beat out Netscape Navigator , Firefox 1.0.7 , Chrome 0.1 in the majority of our time trials .
Bill G. , Microsoft Magazine , 5/19/09
Here are even more ways Internet Explorer 8 is taking the competition head - on :
Comments
Security Since Internet Explorer 4 we 've fixed over a million bugs that allowed browser attacks , this shows how deticated we are in trying to patch things up afterwards .
Ease of Use
We carefully looked at other browsers and started copying most of the functions like tabs .
But with an updated version of ActiveX we believe we now are a head of our competitors .
Next to that we automaticly open background downloads from websites and execute them for you , no need for you to click anywhere .
Web Standards Internet Explorer 8 is able to handle the Microsoft Frontpage markup language .
Also when you export a Microsoft Word document to HTML , we are the only browser that is able to handle such non-standard markup .
For optimal user experience the < font > and < table > tag is preferred over any CSS standard other browsers use .
Webmaster Tools Webmasters can right click in the browser window , select " Show Source " and advanced dev tools appear : notepad with the HTML markup .
Reliability Since Internet Explorer is strongly tied to the Windows operating system , we made sure that if the browser crashes , you can rely on the fact the whole system will crash .
Customizability
Sure other browsers let you customize your browser experience , but we at Microsoft believe a one - setting - fits - all is best for our n00b users .
Customization is only possible via register key edits .
Compatibility
Because we had have a major market share , every webmaster has to develop their site to Internet Explorer specific needs .
We even created a custom tag that lets Internet Explore 8 act as if it 's Internet Explore 7 just to be more compatible with our old rendering .
Over 91 % of the web has special markup for IE5 , IE6 , IE7 and now also IE8 , and we are proud of it !
Manageability Neither Netscape , Mosaic nor Grail provide guidance or enterprise tools .
We do ; for over $ 300 per install / year , we will give you support from India .
If that ai n't service !
Performance Knowing the top speed of a car does n't tell you how fast you can drive in rush hour .
To actually see the difference in page loads between all three browsers , you need slow - motion video for the other browsers .
Only with IE8 you can see pages load , and have the time to grab a coffee while waiting for javascript to be fully executed .
Simon Newcomb and " Natural Numbers " ( Benford 's Law ) Posted May 2009 .
He [ Newcomb ] formulated a law ( see below ) and gave a rough proof which I will attempt to present ...
Tony Phillips
Stony Brook University
tony at math.sunysb.edu
Mail to a friend Print this article Background In 1881 Simon Newcomb ( 1835-1909 ) , the Canadian - American astronomer and mathematician , published a " Note on the Frequency of Use of the Different Digits in Natural Numbers . "
For Newcomb , natural numbers were those occurring " in nature , " i.e. the kind of numbers one would run into in the course of everyday life .
He discovered , for example , that not all the digits ( 1 , 2 , ... , 9 ) occur with the same frequency in the first place of such a number ; he formulated a law ( see below ) and gave a rough proof which I will attempt to present .
This law was rediscovered by Frank Benford ( " The law of anomalous numbers , " 1938 ) and is now somewhat unfairly known as " Benford 's Law . "
A mathematically sound and complete proof was published by Theodore Hill in 1995 .
An experiment with The New York Times
To get some experimental feeling for the phenomenon , I looked at all the numbers given as numerals in the first 15 pages of a recent edition of The New York Times .
I omitted dates and advertisements , and repeats ( in the same context , in captions or in tables ) .
For each of those 213 numbers I recorded the first digit , and tabulated the data as follows : digit occurrences frequency 1 56 .26 2 48 .23 3 27 .13 4 20 .09 5 30 .14 6 11 .05 7 8 .04 8 9 .04 9 4 .02
For some of the flavor of Newcomb's " natural number " concept , here are the 8 numbers from this set with initial digit 7 : page number reference A3 71 age of Jane Fonda A10 70,000 illegal gambling proceeds , Wilkes - Barre , Pa. A12 787 billion U.S. economic stimulus package , 2/09 A12 7,365.67 Dow Jones Industrial Average , 2/20/09 A14 7.2 magnitude of hypothetical earthquake A14 744,000 population of San Francisco A14 71 age of Senator Ronald W. Burris A15 70,000 low - end starting salary for butler , New York City Newcomb 's Law Clearly the distribution is very unsymmetrical .
Newcomb tells us how he was led to his discovery : " That the ten digits do not occur with equal frequency must be evident to anyone making much use of logarithmic tables , and noticing how much faster the first pages wear out than the last ones .
The first significant figure is oftener 1 than any other digit , and the frequency diminishes up to 9 . "
The place where he noticed the phenomenon gave him a clue to its explanation , which he formulated thus :
The law of probability of the occurrence of numbers is such that all mantissae of their logarithms are equally probable .
" Mantissae " probably seems as archaic to today 's readers as a starter crank on the front of an automobile , but until 1960 or so every high - school science student was taught the lore of logarithms , and in particular how to use " common " ( base - 10 ) logarithmic tables in calculation .
Their use involved the separation of a logarithm into two parts : its integer part ( the characteristic ) and its fractional part ( the mantissa ) .
Here is an example : Suppose , before the days of hand - held calculators , you needed a rapid way to multiply four - digit numbers , and to divide that product by another four - digit number , with an answer accurate to three digits .
Say 86.73 X 1.265 X 7607 / .3018 .
Procedure :
You think of each of the numbers as a power of 10 times a number between 1 and 10 : 86.73 = 101 X 8.673
1.265 = 100 X 1.265
7607 = 103 X 7.607
.3108 = 10-1 X 3.108 .
When you take logarithms , since log( ab ) = log a + log b , log ( 86.73 ) = 1 + log( 8.673 )
log ( 1.265 ) = 0 + log( 1.265 )
log ( 7607 ) = 3 + log( 7.607 )
log (.3018 ) = - 1 + log( 3.108 ) .
The second term in each of the logs is a number between 0 and 1 : this will be the mantissa ; the leading term is the characteristic .
To obtain the log of the answer that we want , log ( 86.73 ) + log( 1.265 ) + log( 7607 ) - log ( .3018 ) , we make two calculations .
First we add or subtract the characteristics ; this is an integer calculation .
Users of the " slide- rule " ( an analogue device conveniently replacing the consultation of logarithmic tables , common through the first half of the twentieth century ) would do this part in their heads .
In this case the total is 5 .
Then you consult a four - place logarithmic table for the mantissae : log( 8.673 ) = .93817
log ( 1.265 ) = . 10209
log( 7.607 ) = .88121
log( 3.018 ) = .47972 .
The mantissae total ( with signs ) to 1.44175 .
You chop off the " 1 " and add it to the characteristic .
The log table gives log ( 2.765 ) = .44170 and log( 2.766 ) = .44185 .
Since you only expect 3 places of accuracy , you can take 2.765 as the mantissa contribution to the product , which you calculate as 105+1 X 2.765 = 2,765,000 .
Feeding the numbers into a digital calculator gives an answer to nine places : 2,765,375.13 ; but if the factors have an indeterminacy in the fifth place , the fourth digit in the product is not reliable : the extra precision is illusory .
Newcomb 's argument Newcomb first argues that all his " natural numbers " are ratios .
This makes sense because most natural numbers are given in units , and the number exhibited is the ratio of some measurement to the same measurement taken on some more or less arbitrary token , e.g. the standard kilogram , the solar year .
Then he argues that the set of natural numbers must be closed under further formation of ratios , i.e. under multiplication and division .
This implies that the set of logarithms of natural numbers is closed under addition and subtraction ; and in particular that the set of mantissae of logarithms of natural numbers is closed under addition and subtraction modulo 1 , since as in the example above , when a sum of mantissae is greater than 1 the integer part is moved over to the characteristic ; and similarly when it is less than - 1 .
In Newcomb 's words : " Since these exponents [ the mantissae ] are formed by casting off all the integers from a series of numbers , we may suppose them arranged around a circle ... " where we can add and subtract them like angles , except modulo 1 instead of modulo 2 π .
Newcomb 's leap Next Newcomb asks the question ( translated into our notation ) : Given a number of points on the circle distributed " according to any arbitrary law , " choose n of them at random , say s 1 , s 2 , ... s n and form the sum s 1 ± s 2 ± ... ±s n ( modulo 1 ) .
What is the probability that this sum will be contained in a given interval of length ds ?
And he answers : " It is evident that , whatever may be the original law of arrangement , " the set of such sums " will approach to an equal distribution around the circle as n is increased , " or , in other words , " the required probability will be equal to ds . "
In other words ,
The law of probability of the occurrence of numbers is such that all mantissae of their logarithms are equally probable .
This is not evident , but it is plausible .
The following figure shows a small simulation of the phenomenon .
Here just two " mantissae " s and t , corresponding say to natural numbers m and n , are chosen ; the mantissae corresponding to the products minj are plotted around the circle of numbers modulo 1 , for i , j running from 0 to 8 .
Comparison with the logarithms of numbers starting with 1 , 2 , etc. suggests an explanation for the distribution of these numbers among natural numbers .
a .
An illustration of the equal distribution phenomenon Newcomb refers to .
Here two numbers s and t are chosen on the circle of circumference 1 ( I took numbers corresponding to angles 41o and 95o ) ; the green angles correspond to all the numbers of the form is + jt ( modulo 1 ) , for i and j integers between 0 and 8 .
b.
The mantissae corresponding to the integers 1 , 2 , ... , 9 .
This is the same display that occurs on a circular slide - rule ( see below ) .
Part of a circular slide - rule designed by John W. Mauchly .
Mauchly was one of the designers of the ENIAC , the first large - scale general - purpose electronic computer .
There was presumably another , smaller , paper disc with similar gradations that could rotate on top of this one , and probably a rotating pointer for keeping track of locations .
( Image courtesy of University of Pennsylvania Libraries . )
Recent history
It took more than a hundred years for a satisfactory explanation of Newcomb 's observation .
The main stumbling block was the lack of a precise mathematical concept corresponding to Newcomb 's " natural numbers . "
Theodore
Hill realized that base - invariance was the key property : the uniform distribution of mantissae of natural numbers in any base ( not only in base 10 ) ; this had been already been remarked by Newcomb .
As Hill states it , " there is a unique countably - additive base - invariant probability measure on the positive reals . "
References Frank Benford ,
The law of anomalous numbers , Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 78 ( 1938 ) 551-572 Theodore P. Hill , Base - invariance implies Benford 's law , Proceedings of the A. M. S. 123 ( 1995 ) 887-895 Simon Newcomb , Note on the Frequency of Use of the Different Digits in Natural Numbers , American Journal of Mathematics 4 ( 1881 ) 39 - 40 Tony Phillips
Stony Brook University
tony at math.sunysb.edu
Welcome to the
Feature Column !
These web essays are designed for those who have already discovered the joys of mathematics as well as for those who may be uncomfortable with mathematics .
Read more . . .
Search Feature Column Feature Column at a glance
A rapid and unprecedented proliferation of oil and gas concessions threatens the mega - diverse Peruvian Amazon .
That is one of the central conclusions from a pair of researchers who have , for the first time , documented the full history of hydrocarbon activities in the region and made projections about expected levels of activity in the near future .
The study , published in the peer - reviewed and open - access scientific journal Environmental Research Letters , reveals an extensive hydrocarbon history for one of the greatest rainforests on Earth - well over 100,000 km of seismic lines and nearly 700 wells have resulted in the extraction of nearly 1 billion barrels of oil from the Peruvian Amazon over the past 70 years .
The research reveals that a major hydrocarbon exploration boom took place in the Peruvian Amazon in the early to mid 1970s , immediately followed by an exploitation boom from the late 1970s to the early 80s .
The authors warn that the region has now entered the early stages of a second hydrocarbon exploration boom .
" We found that more of the Peruvian Amazon has recently been leased to oil and gas companies than at any other time on record , " said co-author Dr. Matt Finer of the Washington DC - based Save America 's Forests .
" There are now 52 active hydrocarbon concessions covering over 41 % of the Peruvian Amazon , up from just 7 % in 2003 .
The vast majority of these concessions overlap sensitive areas , such as official state natural protected areas and Indigenous peoples ' lands .
" Nearly one - fifth of the protected areas and over half of all titled Indigenous lands in the Peruvian Amazon are now covered by hydrocarbon concessions , said co-author Martí Orta-Martínez of the Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona .
" And perhaps most disturbingly , we found that over 60 % of the area proposed as reserves for Indigenous peoples in voluntary isolation are covered by oil concessions .
These uncontacted people are extremely vulnerable to outside illness . "
The authors also discovered a number of interesting trends .
For example , there has been a steady decline in Amazonian oil production ever since its peak in the early 1980s .
In contrast , natural gas production from the Peruvian Amazon has been skyrocketing since 2004 and the start of production at Camisea .
2009 had the lowest oil output in over 20 years , but marked the sixth consecutive year of rapidly increasing natural gas production .
The study then looks into the future with a number of projections .
The amount of area leased to oil and gas companies is on track to reach around 70 % of the Peruvian Amazon .
Moreover , the authors predict a rapid spike of on - the - ground hydrocarbon activity over the next five years , with levels of seismic testing and well production reaching levels not seen since the region 's first exploration boom in the early 1970s .
This escalation raises fears about increased environmental and social impacts to such a sensitive and critically important region .
" The first hydrocarbon boom of the early 1970s brought with it severe negative environmental and social impacts , " said Orta-Martínez .
" Unfortunately , all indications are that this second boom will as well . "
Indeed , in 2009 there was a deadly conflict between Indigenous protestors and government forces in Bagua , Peru , largely stemming from government efforts to lease or sell Indigenous lands without their free , prior and informed consent .
The authors stress that one of the more troubling aspects of the new boom is the expanding hydrocarbon frontier , as much of the last remote and pristine tracts of rainforest left in the Amazon are now fair game for oil and gas companies .
" Case in point is the extremely controversial Block 67 , " said Finer .
" This block is located in one of the most mega - diverse and intact corners of the Amazon , but it is slated for major development as it sits on top of over 300 million barrels of probable oil reserves . "
Block 67 also overlaps a proposed reserve for uncontacted Indigenous peoples , further highlighting the escalating social impacts as well .
In the end , the authors call for a rigorous policy debate , including a greater analysis of potential environmental and social impacts and how they could be effectively avoided or at least minimized .
For example , the authors highlight Ecuador 's innovative Yasuni-ITT Initiative , which seeks international contributions in exchange for leaving the massive ITT oil fields untapped beneath a mega - diverse Amazonian national park .
Given that the controversial Block 67 is just across the border from ITT , the authors conclude the paper by suggesting that perhaps Peru employ a similar strategy .
The article can be found in its entirety here .
A report on Iran ’s nuclear program issued by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last month generated news stories publicizing an incendiary charge that U.S. intelligence is underestimating Iran ’s progress in designing a " nuclear warhead " before the halt in nuclear weapons - related research in 2003 .
That false and misleading charge from an intelligence official of a foreign country , who was not identified but was clearly Israeli , reinforces two of Israel ’s key propaganda themes on Iran – that the 2007 U.S. National Intelligence Estimate on Iran is wrong , and that Tehran is poised to build nuclear weapons as soon as possible .
But it also provides new evidence that Israeli intelligence was the source of the collection of intelligence documents which have been used to accuse Iran of hiding nuclear weapons research .
The Committee report , dated May 4 , cited unnamed " foreign analysts " as claiming intelligence that Iran ended its nuclear weapons - related work in 2003 because it had mastered the design and tested components of a nuclear weapon and thus did n’t need to work on it further until it had produced enough sufficient material .
That conclusion , which implies that Iran has already decided to build nuclear weapons , contradicts both the 2007 National Intelligence Estimate on Iran , and current intelligence analysis .
The NIE concluded that Iran had ended nuclear weapons - related work in 2003 because of increased international scrutiny , and that it was " less determined to develop nuclear weapons than we have been judging since 2005 . "
The report included what appears to be a spectacular revelation from " a senior allied intelligence official " that a collection of intelligence documents supposedly obtained by U.S. intelligence in 2004 from an Iranian laptop computer includes " blueprints for a nuclear warhead . "
It quotes the unnamed official as saying that the blueprints " precisely matched " similar blueprints the official ’s own agency " had obtained from other sources inside Iran . "
No U.S. or IAEA official has ever claimed that the so - called laptop documents included designs for a " nuclear warhead . "
The detailed list in a May 26 , 2008 IAEA report of the contents of what have been called the " alleged studies " – intelligence documents on alleged Iranian nuclear weapons work — made no mention of any such blueprints .
In using the phrase " blueprints for a nuclear warhead , " the unnamed official was evidently seeking to conflate blueprints for the reentry vehicle of the Iranian Shehab missile , which were among the alleged Iranian documents , with blueprints for nuclear weapons .
When New York Times reporters William J. Broad and David E. Sanger used the term " nuclear warhead " to refer to a reentry vehicle in a Nov. 13 , 2005 story on the intelligence documents on the Iranian nuclear program , it brought sharp criticism from David Albright , the president of the Institute for Science and International Security .
" This distinction is not minor , " Albright observed , " and Broad should understand the differences between the two objects , particularly when the information does not contain any words such as nuclear or nuclear warhead . "
The Senate report does not identify the country for which the analyst in question works , and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee staff refused to respond to questions about the report from IPS , including the reason why the report concealed the identity of the country for which the unidentified " senior allied intelligence official " works .
Reached later in May , the author of the report , Douglas Frantz , told IPS he is under strict instructions not to speak with the news media .
After a briefing on the report for selected news media immediately after its release , however , the Associated Press reported May 6 that interviews were conducted in Israel .
Frantz was apparently forbidden by Israeli officials from revealing their national affiliation as a condition for the interviews .
Frantz , a former journalist for the Los Angeles Times , had extensive contacts with high - ranking Israeli military , intelligence and foreign ministry officials before joining the Senate Foreign Relations Committee staff .
He and co-author Catherine Collins conducted interviews with those Israeli officials for The Nuclear Jihadist , published in 2007 .
The interviews were all conducted under rules prohibiting disclosure of their identities , according to the book .
The unnamed Israeli intelligence officer ’s statement that the " blueprints for a nuclear warhead " — meaning specifications for a missile reentry vehicle – were identical to " designs his agency had obtained from other sources in Iran " suggests that the documents collection which the IAEA has called " alleged studies " actually originated in Israel .
A U.S. - based nuclear weapons analyst who has followed the " alleged studies " intelligence documents closely says he understands that the documents obtained by U.S. intelligence in 2004 were not originally stored on the laptop on which they were located when they were brought in by an unidentified Iranian source , as U.S. officials have claimed to U.S. journalists .
The analyst , who insists on not being identified , says the documents were collected by an intelligence network and then assembled on a single laptop .
The anonymous Israeli intelligence official ’s claim , cited in the Committee report , that the " blueprints " in the " alleged studies " collection matched documents his agency had gotten from its own source seems to confirm the analyst ’s finding that Israeli intelligence assembled the documents .
German officials have said that the Mujahedin - e - Khalq or MEK , the Iranian resistance organization , brought the laptop documents collection to the attention of U.S. intelligence , as reported by IPS in February 2008 .
Israeli ties with the political arm of the MEK , the National Committee of Resistance in Iran ( NCRI ) , go back to the early 1990s and include assistance to the organization in broadcasting into Iran from Paris .
The NCRI publicly revealed the existence of the Natanz uranium enrichment facility in August 2002 .
However , that and other intelligence apparently came from Israeli intelligence .
The Israeli co-authors of The Nuclear Sphinx of Tehran , Yossi Melman and Meir Javeanfar , revealed that " Western " intelligence was " laundered " to hide its actual provenance by providing it to Iranian opposition groups , especially NCRI , in order to get it to the IAEA .
They cite U.S. , British and Israeli officials as sources for the revelation .
New Yorker writer Connie Bruck wrote in a March 2006 article that an Israeli diplomat confirmed to her that Israel had found the MEK " useful " but declined to elaborate .
Israeli intelligence is also known to have been actively seeking to use alleged Iranian documents to prove that Iran had an active nuclear weapons program just at the time the intelligence documents which eventually surfaced in 2004 would have been put together .
The most revealing glimpse of Israeli use of such documents to influence international opinion on Iran ’s nuclear program comes from the book by Frantz and Collins .
They report that Israel ’s international intelligence agency Mossad created a special unit in the summer of 2003 to carry out a campaign to provide secret briefings on the Iranian nuclear program , which sometimes included " documents from inside Iran and elsewhere . "
The " alleged studies " collection of documents has never been verified as genuine by either the IAEA or by intelligence analysts .
The Senate report said senior United Nations officials and foreign intelligence officials who had seen " many of the documents " in the collection of alleged Iranian military documents had told committee staff " it is impossible to rule out an elaborate intelligence ruse . "
( Inter Press Service )
Fast Company just got a tip about one of the first products of that effort , an iPhone and Blackberry app , created by Sakhr Software and Dial Directions , that does natural language translation .
Check out the video of the app , translating sinister - sounding –but all - too - real–phrases like “ The prime minister will form a new government ” :
This is the first product from Sakhr , which has just announced its acquisition of Dial Directions .
Sakhr works on devices that scan Arabic words and then offer machine translations , and its customers already include the U.S. Department of Defense , U.S. Department of Homeland Security , and the U.S. Department of Justice .
Dial Directions , for its part , creates voice - entry applications .
Creating the app you see above was a matter of combining those technologies –first , the speech recognition part , which transcribes what ’s being said , and then applying Sakhr ’s know - how in translating the text that ’s produced .
Zoinks !
The future , apparently , is now .
And while the military applications are obvious , we ca n’t help but think the commercial applications are far more vast .
How cool would it be to have something like this working for you while hiking in the wilds of India , or China , or any other Federation planet ?
Of course , who knows how this device might fare in the field–machine
language translators are faced with a daunting test , when posed with
the sloppiness of real - life language .
Just witness how bad Google’s
translation still is .
The field has made tremendous strides in recent years .
Will the pace continue ?
The mother had been waiting at the Oakland airport for a very long time , and was beginning to worry .
The flight had landed nearly an hour ago .
She scanned the faces of the children coming through the security checkpoint , but none belonged to her daughter .
There were a lot of reasons that this particular homecoming was a big deal .
First , the daughter , an only child , had never been away this long — four whole weeks .
She had been at a weight loss camp in Philadelphia , another source of anxiety for the mother .
The daughter was a beautiful 13 - year - old girl , but she struggled with her weight .
The mother thought that sending the daughter to the camp , for no small fee , had been the right thing to do .
" I knew how important these years would be for her , " the mother said .
In preparation for the homecoming , the mother had tried to make the house perfect .
She had cleaned it entirely , and had decorated the daughter 's bedroom to surprise her .
The mother bought new shelves and mirrors to put up in the girl 's bedroom , which she also decorated with stuffed animals .
The mother had done all this with excitement , because she saw this homecoming as a new beginning .
Back at the airport , the woman lost patience and walked to the security desk of United Airlines .
She wanted to know why her daughter had n't gotten off the plane yet .
Finally , someone from airport security came to speak with her .
There had been an incident on the plane , he said .
It involved her daughter .
The mother could n't process that information , and she asked the security guard if he was joking .
" No , " he told her .
There had been an incident , and could she please follow him to the gate .
That 's when the mother was told the FBI was on the way .
Then she saw the flight attendants gathered around her daughter , who was seated with her head down , her shoulders wrapped in a blanket .
The mother ran to her daughter , dropped to her knees , and hugged her .
" I love you , " she said .
" Baby , what happened ? "
The daughter hugged her mother very tightly and started to cry .
The mother cried , too , even before she learned that her daughter had allegedly been molested by a man seated next to her on the plane .
The man , a widely known pastor from Uganda , has thousands of worshippers in churches he built across Africa , in addition to a radio station , ties to American politicians and spiritual leaders ( Pat Robertson included ) , and an orphanage in Uganda where 1,000 abandoned children reside .
Since the incident , the daughter has had to tell her story again and again .
To flight attendants .
Her mother .
The Alameda County sheriff 's deputies .
The FBI .
Although the deputies and special agents all found the girl 's story credible , and the pastor 's considerably less so , the U.S. Attorney 's office opted not to bring charges .
So although she wo n't take the stand in criminal court , the girl will tell her story again in depositions and possibly on the stand in a civil case in San Francisco 's Northern District Court , where her mother is suing both the man — Jackson Senyonga — and United Airlines .
Neither want you to read this story .
Each year , hundreds of thousands of children fly in airplanes without a parent by their side .
In 2008 , Southwest Airlines alone transported 436,738 unaccompanied minors , but the total number is impossible to know because other airlines , including United , will not release their numbers .
The majority of these children reach their destination safely , but there are also children who face obstacles .
Last month , in two separate incidents , children flying on Continental got on the wrong flights , and nobody noticed until it was too late .
Ending up in the wrong city is nothing , though , in comparison with ending up next to a child molester .
A cursory search in Lexis Nexis , a news search engine , turns up 10 instances of child molestation cases aboard airplanes from the past couple of decades , though there have almost certainly been more .
It 's likely that many other cases did not make the news , or were never reported by the children .
Although an airplane full of potential witnesses may seem an unlikely place for a child to be molested , criminal and civil lawyers who have handled these cases say that the controlled and confined yet anonymous environment is well suited for a child predator .
In going over the news stories , court documents , and FBI reports on the molestation cases , certain patterns begin to emerge .
The predators were all adult males , although they did not fit any other stereotype .
One was a computer consultant from India .
Two were Hasidic Jews .
Another was a world - renowned hairdresser from Savannah , Georgia .
In a majority of the instances , a man switched seats to be next to a child traveling alone .
Also , a significant number of the reported molestations occurred on evening flights , when the victim and any potential witnesses were asleep .
Several children reported that when the touching began , it seemed accidental or even well intentioned , and only later crossed the line .
In many of the stories , a representative from the airline explained that short of placing a flight attendant beside each traveling minor , there was nothing that could be done to prevent these incidents .
America 's Aviation Consumer Protection Division — a branch of the U.S. Department of Transportation — declined to comment on the issue of unaccompanied minors , although it does put out an information packet titled " When Kids Fly Alone . "
The first two lines read : " Many children fly alone .
There are no Department of Transportation regulations concerning travel by these ' unaccompanied minors . ' "
Left to regulate themselves , the airlines vary in their policies , the packet explains .
Most allow children as young as 5 to fly solo , and those between 5 and 11 often incur an additional fee , usually between $ 40 and $ 100 , for a certain amount of chaperoning .
In some cases , those children are given a special button that allows the crew ( and perhaps watchful predators ) to easily identify the minors .
Children between the ages of 12 and 17 are usually not required to purchase a special service ticket , but they have the option .
Well , this should make the Pirate Bay 's court appeal interesting .
For the last couple of years , the guys have been working on an anything - goes , censor - free haven for online video sharing called VideoBay , and it's now gone into " Beta Extreme . "
Advertisement
" This will be an experimental playground and as such , subjected to both live and drunk ( en)coding , so please do n't bug us too much if the site ain't working properly , " the site 's front page currently warns .
Advertisement
But before you head over looking for an all you can eat smorgasbord of porn , know that you 're currently limited to viewing the ogg / theora video and audio tag demos linked to from the main page .
TorrentFreak notes that users were initially able to browse through the videos , but that 's been disabled now .
" What is left is an announcement that the site will be launched somewhere in the future . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Beyond the piracy angle , what 's interesting is this could be one of the first major deployments of HTML5 , the next major revision of HTML that some believe could replace the need for plug-ins like Adobe Flash .
For that reason , you 'll need to use a browser that can handle HTML5 's video and audio tags , such as : Firefox 3.5 beta 4 , Opera 9.52 preview , Google Chrome 3 , Safari 3.4/ Safari 4 . [ The Video Bay ]
While mum Thong Dee and aunty Tang
Mo take turns getting showers and scrub downs by keepers in the enclosure next door , the Taronga Zoo 's baby elephant is playing happily in his own " little " bath tub which was cut down from a big plastic tank .
Recently named Luk Chai , the youngster has bath toys too , albeit slightly larger than your average yellow ducky !
Many more pics beneath ...
The financial crisis of 2008 , which started with an initially well - defined epicenter focused on mortgage backed securities ( MBS ) , has been cascading into a global economic recession , whose increasing severity and uncertain duration had led and is continuing to lead to massive losses and damage for billions of people .
Heavy central bank interventions and government spending programs have been launched worldwide and especially in the USA and Europe , in the hope to unfreeze credit and boltster consumption .
Here , I present evidence and articulate a general framework that allows one to diagnose the fundamental cause of the unfolding financial and economic crisis : the accumulation of several bubbles and their interplay and mutual reinforcement has led to an illusion of a perpetual money machine allowing financial institutions to extract wealth from an unsustainable artificial process .
Taking stock of this diagnostic , I conclude that many of the intervention to address the so - called liquidity crisis and to encouragemore consumption are ill - advised and even dangerous , given the lack of precautionary reserves that have been unaccumulated in the good times and the huge liabilities .
The most interesting presents times constitute unique opportunities but also great challenges , for which I offer a few recommendations .
The A+ Programming Language
I did n’t intend for it to take me a week to write this post , but I had some technical difficulties in getting started , which prevented me from even starting to learn the language until I solved them .
I expected to run into some problems getting things set up as I worked on this project , but I assumed most of those problems would be along the lines of getting the compiler and / or interpreter for a particular language to compile or run on my machine .
What I did n’t expect was to have so many issues just getting my text to be in the encoding that the language expects , but that is exactly what I ran into with A +.
Introduction to A +
A+ is a high - level language with a large number of primitive functions for manipulating arrays of data .
It was created in 1988 at Morgan Stanley by Arthur Whitney , after he decided that none of the existing APL implementations would be suitable for their purposes .
A+ is a dialect of APL , and offers some extensions , such as a graphical user interface and inter-process communication , as well a module for storing and loading objects ( functions , variables , and dependencies ) and even a built - in database system .
Another feature A+ adds is the ability to set up dependencies between variables , so when a depended - upon variable is changed , the dependent variable changes as well .
This allows for spreadsheet - like or reactive programming , with barely any effort .
Actually , combined with the graphical display capabilities , you could actually pretty easily implement a spreadsheet in A + if you felt like it .
Any dyadic ( two - argument ) function can be called using infix notation , which takes a little getting used to , especially with the right - to - left no order - of - operations precedence rules .
The language uses a healthy subset of the crazy hieroglyphs included in APL , and requires a special font for properly displaying the special characters .
It ’s also possible to use one of two ASCII - based modes when programming in A+ , but where ’s the fun in that ?
After playing around with the language for a while , I can see why people enjoy APL and its derivatives so much .
It ’s one of those language where once you wrap your brain around it , it opens up new ways of solving problems that you ’d never even considered before .
My First A+ program
I decided on a ( sort - of ) graphical implementation of Conway ’s Life , to demonstrate both the graphical system and the array - handling capabilities of A +.
This program is special because it ’s not only my first A+ program , it ’s my first program in an APL - like language of any sort .
You wo n’t be able to copy and paste this program directly and run it from A+ , because I ’ve converted the symbols to unicode in hopes of having them display properly in more browsers .
If they do n’t display properly , you can take a look at a screen - shot of the source code .
If you would like to run it , you can download the A+ life source .
$ load s ⍝ Load the graphical system xy take2 m : xy [ 0 ] ↑ ⍉ xy [ 1 ] ↑ ⍉ m ⍝ helper function to resize an array in 2d n xr m : ⍉ n ⌽ ⍉m ⍝ helper function to rotate on the x axis xy rot2 m : xy [ 0 ] ⌽ ⍉ xy [ 1 ] ⌽ ⍉m ⍝ helper function to rotate in 2d nextgen gen : { ⍝ Calculate the next generation sums ← +/+/> ( 1;0 ; ¯1 ) xr¨ 3 ⍴ <>( 1;0 ; ¯1 ) ⌽¨ 3 ⍴ < gen ; ( gen ∧ 4=sums ) ∨ ( 3=sums ) } cells ← ¯ 6 ¯ 6 rot2 15 15 take2 3 3⍴0 1 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 ⍝ start with a glider centered `cells is `array step c : .cells ← nextgen cells step_button ← ( step; cells ) `step_button has ( `class ; `button ; `title ; " Step " ) w ← ( `cells ;`step_button ) ⍝
Initialize our window `w is `layout `w has ( `title ; " A+ Life " ) show `w
The most important function of the program is the “ nextgen ” function .
On the first line , reading from right to left , it does the following :
Make an matrix containing 3 copies of the gen matrix Rotate each of those three copies verically by 1 , 0 , and - 1 rows , respectively Make three copies of each of the three copies from the first step .
Rotate the copies of copies horizontally by 1 , 0 , and - 1 columns .
Sum the rows and columns of matrices together into a single matrix .
On the second line , again , reading from the right to left :
Get an matrix with any cell equal to 3 changed to 1 , and any others changed to 0 .
Logically OR that matrix together with the array consisting of ones in the place of any 4s in the sums matrix , ANDed with the original gen matrix .
A more thorough explanation of the algorithm can be found at the APL wiki .
You ’ll notice that my version is quite different .
That ’s mostly because of difference in how the various build - in functions work in A + and other APL implementations .
That ’s the same reason I had to implement the take2 and rot2 functions , since the A+ rotate ( circle with a vertical line ) and take ( arrow pointing up ) functions only allow you to rotate or take in a single dimension .
continue reading to learn more about A +
Anatomy of an A + Program
A+ programs consist of files , which when loaded act exactly the same way as they would if you typed in into the interactive shell one line at a time .
Statements can include function definitions
x plus y : x + y negate x : -x minus{x ; y} : x - y nextgen gen : { ⍝ Calculate the next generation sums ← +/+/> ( 1;0 ; ¯1 ) xr¨ 3 ⍴ <>( 1;0 ; ¯1 ) ⌽¨ 3 ⍴ < gen ; ( gen ∧ 4=sums ) ∨ ( 3=sums ) }
..assignments and function calls
five ← 2 plus 3 four ← plus { 2; 2} negone ← negate 1 ⍝ this is a comment ten ← plus / 1 2 3 4 ⍝ the / ( reduction ) operator successively applies the function
.. and that ’s really pretty much it ( with the exception of dependencies and control statements , I ’ll let you discover those on your own ) .
As you can ( hopefully ) see , the syntax is pretty simple , with some trickiness when it comes to defining arrays and the order of operations .
Installing A +
All it took for me to install A+ was
apt - get install aplus - fsf xfonts−kapl
The aplus - fsf package is also available for several other Linux distributions , AIX , FreeBSD , NetBSD , Solaris , Tru64 Unix , IRIX , and Max OS X .
If there is n’t a package in your distribution ( or you are using something other than Linux , of course ) , you can most likely get what you need from the A+ download page .
They recommend using Emacs for A+ development , but sadly only XEmacs support seems to be provided , and it did n’t work very well for me , or maybe I ’m just too used to “ normal ” Emacs .
After spending too much time trying to get XEmacs displaying fonts correctly and taking input as I expect it to , I found this article on getting APL working in Emacs with Unicode , which includes code to get regular Emacs working as expected , enabling entering of all the crazy symbols required to program in A + or APL .
It also provides the commands apl - aplus - to - unicode and apl - unicode - to - aplus to convert between the A+ format and unicode .
For A+ , though , I actually just ended up using the keyboard mapping file provided on that UnicAPL page , and the KAPL font ( as mentioned above ) .
I had to modify the key mapping to retain things like my arrow keys , home / end / pgup / pgdown , and I had to give it the proper keycode for my Alt Gr key .
In Emacs , you can set the font with
M-x set - default - font < enter >
-*-kapl-*-*-*-*-*-140-*-*-*-*-*-*
And when editing A+ files , you ’ll want to make sure you set the file encoding :
M-x set - buffer - file - coding - system < enter > latin-
1
otherwise the interpreter will not recognize some of the characters .
Unless you have a set of APL key - caps , you ’ll also want to keep a copy of the ( A+ / APL keyboard chart ) handy , because otherwise you will have no idea what keys map to what symbol .
Running A +
You will want to play around with an interactive A + shell to get the feel for some of the primitive functions and try different combinations until you start to understand how everything works .
It took me a while to figure out how to get the shell to accept any command involving one of the special characters .
To get an xterm running which will allow you to input text in the encoding that a+ expects and display characters in a font that a+ understands , use the following :
xterm - fa kapl - en ' ISO 8859 - 1 '
This sets the font to the KAPL font and the character encoding to “ latin - 1 ” encoding .
Before I figured this out , I was baffled as to why when I tried to run a+ from the command - line it would give me all sorts of “ token undefined ” errors , even when I copied and pasted text directly from a tutorial , or the same code would run when read in from a file .
A+ can be run in interactive mode by invoking a+ , or a script can be loaded by including the name of the script to run .
Of course , the script may still end up in interactive mode if it does n’t quit the interpreter at the end of its execution .
There really is no difference between specifying a file at the command line and typeing
$ load filename
from the interactive shell .
Learning more about A +
A great place to start learning more is the A+ documentation .
This includes a set of tutorials which will introduce you to the various concepts and built - in function of A+ , and have you comfortable with typing commands in the interactive shell and figuring things out by experimentation by the end of it .
García Márquez ’s readers sometimes imagine that supernatural events and folk beliefs in his novels express an all - ­purpose spirit of primitivist rebellion , suitable for adaptation by progressive - minded writers in every region of the formerly colonized world .
Martin endorses that interpretation in the opening sentence of his biography , where he flatly defines García Márquez , encyclopedia style , as “ the best - known writer to have emerged from the ‘ third world ’ and the best known exponent of a literary style , ‘ magical realism , ’ which has proved astonishingly productive in other developing countries . ”
But I think that , on the contrary , magical events and folk beliefs in the writings of García Márquez show how powerfully the Golden Age has lingered in memory .
Instead of a post­colonial literary rebellion against Western imperialism , here is a late - blooming flower of the Spanish high baroque .
Gongorism disguised as primitivism .
And , being a proper son of Darío , García Márquez has gone on to embrace in his mad spirit the glories of Spanish rhetoric at its most extreme .
Martin tells us that in García Márquez ’s own estimation , his greatest book is “ The Autumn of the Patriarch , ” from 1975 — a book that is an extended homage to Darío , who is invoked at the beginning and again at the very end , and who , somewhere in the middle , shows up as a character , sailing into port on a banana boat to deliver a poetry recitation .
Every last sentence in “ The Autumn of the Patriarch ” offers a heroic demonstration of man ’s triumph over language — unless it is language ’s triumph over man .
The sentences begin in one person ’s voice and conclude in someone else ’s , or change their subject halfway through , or wander across the centuries , and , even so , conform sufficiently to the rules of rhetoric to carry you along .
To read is to gasp .
You want to break into applause at the shape and grandeur of those sentences , not to mention their length .
And yet to do so you would need to set down the book , which cannot be done , owing to the fact that , just when the impulse to clap your hands has become irresistible , the sentence you are reading has begun to round a corner , and you have no alternative but to clutch onto the book as if steering a car that has veered out of control .
Those are gorgeous sentences , but they are also tyrannical — and tyranny , in the conventional political sense , is entirely the novel ’s theme .
“ The Autumn of the Patriarch ” tells the story of a despot ruling over an unnamed and benighted Caribbean land .
It is a dictator novel .
The marriage of plot and prosody makes it a masterpiece — a greater triumph even than Mario Vargas Llosa ’s marvelously brilliant “ Feast of the Goat , ” which is likewise a Caribbean dictator novel , and likewise invokes Rubén Darío .
“ The Autumn of the Patriarch ” does have a puzzling quality , though .
The dictator whose portrait emerges from those ­tropical - flower sentences is monstrous and despicable — yet even his creepiest tyrannical traits are presented as signs of the human condition , deserving of pity and compassion , maybe even a kind of sorrowful love .
I have always wondered what sort of political attitude García Márquez meant to convey with those peculiar ambiguities .
But now that I have read Martin ’s biography , I know .
The book is 642 pages long , and the first half of it , after completing the genealogical survey of northern Colombia , records the dreadful poverty that García Márquez and his wife and two sons endured before 1967 , when “ One Hundred Years of Solitude ” finally lifted him into the comforts of multiple - home ownership and , in 1982 , the Nobel Prize .
But the second half mostly recounts the novelist ’s subsequent career as hobnobber among the powerful — a man who , according to his biographer , has labored hard and long to get himself invited to the dinner tables of presidents , dictators and tycoons around the world .
And among those many table companions , no one has mattered more to him than the maximum leader of the Cuban revolution , Fidel Castro , with whom García Márquez has conceived a genuine friendship , based on shared vacations , a part - time career promoting Havana as a movie - industry capital and a history of defending the Castro dictatorship against its detractors in the Hispanic literary world .
Here is the real - life Caribbean tyrant .
García Márquez does lead you to think about Castro in some of those spectacular sentences in “ The Autumn of the Patriarch . ”
And the novelist plainly loves his dictator .
Martin gushes over nearly everything that García Márquez has ever done , yet , even so , he concedes that friendship with Castro has sometimes aroused criticism .
The biographer mentions twice that Vargas Llosa ( who at one point punched García Márquez in the face , for reasons possibly bearing on marital honor ) has described García Márquez as Castro ’s “ lackey . ”
Martin emphasizes the insult mostly to show the indignities that García Márquez has undergone out of fidelity to Fidel .
And yet , the biography ’s account of the friendship will make readers pause thoughtfully over that word , “ lackey . ”
Martin tells us that , on an occasion when Castro visited Colombia , García Márquez volunteered to be one of his bodyguards .
The world ’s most popular serious novelist does seem to be a flunky of the world ’s longest - lasting monomaniacal dictator .
Why García Márquez has chosen to strike up such a friendship is something I cannot explain — except to point out that , as Martin shows , the great novelist has never veered from the epiphany that came to him at his grandfather ’s house in 1950 , and he has always been fascinated by the grotesque , the pathetic and the improbable .
Suitcases – check .
Bag of snack – yep .
Music for the journey : got that .
Kids ?
Yep , squeezed in .
Now , where do I sit ?
As schools break up and the holiday season gets into full swing , some of you will creak out of the car as you arrive at your seaside destination and long for a car with just a bit of space , just a little room for knees .
These are the ones that should make your shortlist .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Click on the image to the right to launch our guide
Search for used cars
Fish lack many of our mental abilities but may use social learning strategies similar to those used by humans , according to new research .
Scientists have found that a certain fish species — called the nine - spined stickleback — can use information from its personal experience as well as observations of other fish to make the best decision about how to forage for food .
The work suggests that these fish may be capable of using social learning strategies that increase their overall fitness — strategies that so far have only been seen in humans , the researchers say .
In the experiment , the fish were placed in a tank with two feeders ; let 's call them A and B .
The fish were taught that one feeder ( A ) was better than the other ( B ) , meaning that feeder A gave more food .
But then , the fish were shown contrary information : they observed a situation in which feeder B was the better feeder for a group of fish .
After viewing this set - up , the majority of the fish ( 75 percent ) preferred to eat from feeder B , even though a past experience had told them that this was a poor feeder .
But if the fish observed a situation in which a feeder gave about the same amount of food or less than the same amount of food that it had given during their personal experience , the fish did not have a preference for a particular feeder , the feeding was split 50:50 .
The results showed that the fish were not simply copying other fish in their feeding habits .
Rather , they were comparing two different pieces of information , personal and observed , and then using this information to select a feeder .
If a feeder did not give a bigger " payoff " than another feeder they had eaten from , they did not overwhelmingly choose a different feeder .
" Lots of animals observe more experienced peers and that way gain foraging skills , develop food preferences , and learn how to evade predators , " said Jeremy Kendal , a research fellow at Durham University , UK , and a study author .
" But it is not always a recipe for success to simply copy someone .
Animals are often better off being selective about when and who they copy . "
Selective copying behavior would be one way an individual could " hill climb " to a higher level of fitness .
Scientists have given names to particular " hill climbing " strategies .
For instance , if an individual copies someone when the behavior of the other person results in a bigger reward , this strategy is called " copy - if - better . "
The results of this study were not conclusive enough to say definitively which " hill climbing " strategy the fish were using , " but just the fact that there was a hill climbing strategy at all , we thought was interesting , " Kendal told LiveScience .
If proven , this would be the first example of a social " hill climbing " strategy in animals .
While there is evidence that other animals , such as chimps and New Caledonian crows , may use these social learning strategies , " the actual experiments to show it conclusively has n't been done , " said Kendal .
Ecology appears to play a role in the development of this type of social learning .
The researchers think that the nine - spined stickleback may have evolved social learning skills because they are highly preyed upon .
" Because they 're undercover and can't go out to learn where foraging sites are on their own , there 's been selection for developing this cognitive facility to be able to compare the payoffs of others in order to decide where to forage , " said Kendal .
In contrast , the closely related three - spined stickleback , which is not prone to predation , does not use these social strategies .
The results indicate that species do n't need to be close evolutionary relatives of humans in order to use social learning .
" What we 're finding is that it 's not necessarily how closely related a species is to the human [ that 's the ] defining feature of how cognitively complex you might be ; it can also be your local ecological circumstances which provide selective pressures favoring evolution of these cognitive facilities , " said Kendal .
The results were published in the April issue of the journal Behavior Ecology .
The study was funded by the Biotechnology and Biological Science Research Council .
Every couple of years I feel that siren call to go up and spend some time in Napa Valley .
For most of us , this was our first wine country experience , as exotic as anything discovered later in Burgundy or Piedmont .
Who can forget the smudged violet of the hills , the rows of vines with mustard blooming bright yellow at their feet ?
The cool dark of the cellars or the view from Auberge du Soleil or Domaine Chandon ?
FOR THE RECORD :
Napa restaurants : A July 8 review of Napa Valley restaurants misspelled the Carquinez Bridge as the Carquinas Bridge . —
Cruising across the Carquinas Bridge from the East Bay , I point the car north on Highway 29 past big box stores , American Canyon , a Burgundian cooper ’s warehouse and the iconic statue of a vineyard worker pressing grapes .
Here it comes now , the deep wavering green of the vineyards in the golden late - afternoon light .
I cut over to the Silverado Trail , where impatient locals driving trucks tailgate tourists meandering along , taking in the view , while a flock of bicyclists , legs churning , whiz by .
Not much different from the last time I was here a couple of years ago .
And from the time before that .
And before that .
Only the vineyard names have changed as the latest wave of rich wine enthusiasts buy up a vineyard or estate and put their names on the gate and the label .
El Bonita
Motel now charges close to $ 200 for a room that used to cost $ 59 , if I recall correctly .
The picnic tables in front of Taylor ’s Refresher in St. Helena are still packed , and the Wine Train still rumbles by every once in a while with rapt faces at the windows .
I had just five or so days , not enough to take in everything that ’s new in terms of restaurants .
And with just one visit each , the experience can be hit or miss .
Keep in mind that summer and fall in Napa Valley are usually packed , so booking well in advance for any restaurants you plan to visit is mandatory .
This year the crop of new restaurants is mostly down valley , i.e. in Yountville and the town of Napa itself .
It ’s hard to compete with Yountville just nine miles north , which sits in the midst of the vineyards and has a number of new and established places in which to stay , including the new high - end green project Bardessono .
It also lays claim to the valley ’s most celebrated restaurant , the French Laundry .
Not to mention Bouchon , Bouchon Bakery and Bistro Jeanty .
Local ingredients
The restaurant at the new Bardessono luxury hotel was tops on my list to check out .
I ’d heard the inn described as amazing , gorgeous , luxe .
Gourmet editor in chief Ruth Reichl had tweeted about her stay there .
A friend called me up to rave about the dinner he had there .
The lucky thing : Bardessono , which is built on part of the old Bardessono vineyard in what is now the center of Yountville , happened to be just across the street from where I was staying , a wonderful surprise after the 7 1/2 - hour drive from L.A.
Staying there was n’t in my budget , but a dinner certainly was .
Though rooms can run into the high three figures , dinner prices are in the moderate - high range .
The dining room is contemporary and spare , drenched in light , the only real note of color a mural of stylized olive branches that runs along one wall .
The chef is Sean O’Toole , who worked with Michael Mina in San Francisco and also with Alain Ducasse and Daniel Boulud .
His menu is based on local ingredients , with much of the produce coming from the hotel ’s organic gardens and an orchard on the old Bardessono estate .
His cooking is wonderfully elegant , without sacrificing flavor for looks .
Gnocchi are so light they seem to float , heavenly with bluefoot mushrooms , asparagus and just a touch of Parmigiano .
A medley of Monterey shellfish -- octopus , prawns and calamari cut in rings as thin as wedding bands -- cooked ala grecque with a scattering of beautiful spring vegetables makes a perfect first course .
He has a light touch with lobster salad too , serving rosy poached lobster in a lovely coconut gazpacho flecked with coriander and cucumber .
Fat asparagus spears are topped with crinkly morels sparked with a little ginger and set off with a lacey Parmigiano chip .
Alaskan halibut arrives so fresh its flesh is almost custardy , brilliant with porcini , pearl onions and a swirl of chicken jus .
But the dish I ’d love to eat again is Devil ’s Gulch pork loin with a swatch of incredible crispy pork belly and a single thick slice of potato that is so earthy in flavor it could stand in for all potatoes .
With only two main courses over $ 30 and a wine list that offers interest and value , Bardessono ’s restaurant should be busier than it is , sad to say .
A hands - on chef
Over the last dozen or so years , Brix , just north of Yountville , has been through chefs and even a name change , but luckily in January , Anne Gingrass - Paik came in as executive chef , and what a profound difference .
With her then - husband David Gingrass , she was opening chef at Wolfgang Puck ’s Postrio in San Francisco and later opened Hawthorne Lane there .
She ’s definitely not the hands - off type but is always in the kitchen .
Brix is hidden from the road behind a screen of glorious flowering plants and is officially described as a “ restaurant , gardens and wine shop . ”
Why anyone would want to eat inside beats me , when you can have lunch outside on a broad , shady terrace looking onto a picture - perfect garden of raised beds planted with tomatoes , lettuces , herbs , flowers and a newly planted citrus grove .
Beyond are vineyards and the green hills , an oasis of gentle calm right off Highway 29 .
This is definitely the place I would take a first - time Napa Valley visitor to give them a sense of the lushness of the valley .
Start with apple carpaccio , thinly sliced raw apple strewn with walnuts and herbs with some crushed cocoa nibs for crunch .
Or try a salad of heirloom beans tossed with wispy frisée , and matchsticks of carrot in a vibrant dressing .
There ’s a juicy Niman Ranch cheeseburger and a terrific farm egg salad sandwich on fluffy toasted brioche .
She also just reinstated a Sunday brunch buffet , which includes an al fresco seafood bar , egg dishes and sourdough pancakes , flatbreads and pizza from the wood oven , and fish and meats on the charcoal grill .
Because Brix includes a wine shop , wine list prices are remarkably fair .
Big and brash
The big news this year is Michael Chiarello ’s new Italian restaurant , Bottega .
The food - show star , cookbook author and lifestyle guru has n’t had a restaurant since he left Tra Vigne , so everyone wants to try it .
Bottega , big and brash , is across from Bouchon in the vast old brick complex that houses shops and boutiques ( and across from Chiarello ’s flagship NapaStyle store ) .
Except for the wraparound veranda with two huge stone fireplaces and summery striped banquettes , it ’s not a particularly good - looking place , more Las Vegas than Napa Valley .
I was never a big fan of his cooking at Tra Vigne , and like the food there , Bottega ’s is a little heavy - handed and clumsy .
Oh , the portions are big and the place is boisterous and fun .
But you ’ll do better if you focus on appetizers and first courses over the main courses .
I liked a salad of shaved Brussels sprouts and asparagus , and the polenta with caramelized wild mushrooms on top .
But why serve it in a French canning jar ?
A plate of beautiful prosciutto comes with pasta fritta -- fried dough , something like focaccia nuggets .
The idea is to wrap a piece in prosciutto ( so far , delicious ) and then dip it in a bowl of Lambrusco , the fizzy red wine from the Lombardy region .
Whatever it ’s meant to be or do , it does n’t work .
In the end , after stiff nettle and chard tortelli , heavy ricotta gnocchi and a fine roasted game hen , I came away feeling the food is pleasant but nothing special , and the more you know about Italian food , I suspect the less you ’d like it .
Service , though , is warm and professional , maybe the best thing about the restaurant .
Market cornucopia
For lunch one day I headed to the new Oxbow Public Market to see what Napa ’s answer to San Francisco ’s Ferry Building Marketplace was like .
Midweek , it seems a bit forlorn -- and precious .
The roomy warehouse includes two wine - tasting venues , a French cookware antiques shop , an excellent butcher with grass - fed beef , a high - quality fish market and a produce and gourmet grocery store .
Rotisario roasts free - range chicken and other meats on a rotisserie to eat there or take out .
Hog Island Oyster has an offshoot of its Ferry Plaza restaurant here where you can sit out on the deck in the shade ( with a view of the slightly forlorn , now - shuttered great experiment in food and wine education center , Copia ) and down exquisite Sweetwater and Kumamoto oysters to your heart ’s content -- or as long as your pocketbook will allow .
Add some local grilled artichoke hearts , some hummus and flatbread , and it ’s a perfect lunch .
For dessert , step over to the Three Twins Ice Cream stand for artisanal ice cream -- a pistachio absolutely stuffed with nuts , luscious vanilla laced with aceto balsamico ( odd , but quite interesting , I thought ) .
And a “ strawberry je ne sais quoi ” to die for .
Their card reads “ inconceivably delicious ice cream produced in a sustainable manner ” and that ’s not far from the truth .
Next door is a cluster of smaller buildings housing a Taylor ’s Automatic Refresher ( the most crowded venue when I was there ) , an outpost of St. Helena ’s Model Bakery ( which also sells sandwiches ) and a superb charcuterie and butcher shop called the Fatted Calf where you can drool over the house - made sausages , pâtés and terrines , goose and duck rillettes , jambon persillé and on the weekends , porchetta and more ( and order sandwiches thereof ) .
I could n’t resist stopping by before I left town to pick up a beautiful piece of heritage pork belly to cure as pancetta when I got home .
Low - key elegance
The classic wine country resort Meadowood has a new chef too .
He ’s Christopher Kostow , who got raves at Chez TJ in Mountain View .
In the bar one night , a couple of well - heeled foodies from Arizona were reminding the chef about the last time he cooked for them as if he would remember every detail .
Instead of going straight in to dinner , I had an aperitif on the veranda overlooking the croquet lawn and putting green , and the mountains beyond .
Meadowood exudes a sense of seclusion and privilege and after Bottega ’s grandiose space , I was struck by the restaurant ’s intimate , low - key elegance .
You can go for the nine - course tasting menu or opt for the four - course summer menu ( with two choices in each course ) .
A cheese course makes it five , so ordering is easy and allows Kostow to show what he can do .
His cooking is beautifully crafted and precise , refined as opposed to rustic or gutsy .
Poached pullet egg with glazed morels , peas and Parmesan was wonderful with a Chardonnay .
Pristine turbot was topped with a sliver of Serrano ham and presented with miniature crispy pig ’s trotter and velvety porcini in a little corn milk .
Poached and roasted squab , served very rare , with wild rice , foie gras and the sweet lusciousness of apricot was perfect for a Pinot Noir .
And who would n’t love pain perdu ( French toast ) with cherries and a bitter almond ice cream ?
I could do with a bit less theater in the service , such as the sommelier pouring wine from a decanter shaped like a giant snake .
Or dishes shaped like helmets .
But what are you going to do ?
Comfort food
There ’s nothing new about Ad Hoc , I know , but I still had n’t eaten there and so I jumped at the chance to sign up for a Monday night fried chicken menu .
Thomas Keller ’s super - casual restaurant serves a different prix - fixe menu each night .
The sign outside the old Yountville diner reads “ For Temporary Relief From Hunger . ”
Aha .
When the six of us arrived , every seat at the bar was taken .
And more people waited outside , and inside , in hopes of a table .
Here , it ’s essential to reserve ahead , especially for fried chicken night .
First course : a platter of slender poached leeks with three kinds of wild mushrooms -- morels , fresh porcini and abalone mushrooms -- and handfuls of fresh garden peas with breakfast radishes shaved over the top .
Spectacular .
Then came an oval two - handled tray of the shaggy , deep gold buttermilk - fried chicken piled high .
There must have been at least half a chicken per person or more .
The sidekicks were Yukon gold potatoes cooked sous vide and whipped with butter , and a platter of yellow and green pole beans cooked with tomatoes .
Then came cheese with homemade crackers followed by pretty little ice cream sundaes in traditional sundae glasses .
Oh , yes , and coffee .
A deal at $ 49 per person and , hands down , my favorite meal of the trip .
Vegetarian nibbles
After the French Laundry , Ubuntu , the vegetarian restaurant in downtown Napa , may be the toughest reservation in the valley .
Set in an old stone building that ’s huge and loft - like , it features a crowded bar with handcrafted cocktails , a long communal table and on the night we were there , live music .
In short , instead of the usual pokey cafe , it ’s a trendy restaurant that just happens to be vegetarian .
Chef Jeremy
Fox ’s menu is all small plates -- and I mean small .
For some items the four of us had to order two dishes in order to get more than a bite or two .
Dishes quickly became a blur , so many were garnished so similarly with feathery little leaves and edible flowers .
When a bowl of “ yellow eye ” bean stew came out , we fell on it like ravenous wolves .
Now this was real .
This had some taste .
But the rest of what we ordered seemed so , well , ethereal , like food that fairies in the woods would nibble on .
The vegetables I had at Ad Hoc or Bardessono had more flavor than anything I ate here .
Down - home cooking
The most recent addition to the lineup of restaurants at PlumpJack ’s Carneros Inn is the Farm , the more ambitious offering from the owners of local favorite Boon Fly Café .
Go early , play some bocce in the court in front , or even better , have a draft beer or a glass of wine under the huge free - standing veranda outfitted with a glassed - in fire pit and revel in the wine country lifestyle with other runaways from the city .
If the wind has n’t picked up , try to get one of the outdoor tables with their comfy sofas , romantic lanterns and candlelight .
The dining room is built on a very large scale too .
If Vegas did “ farm , ” this would be it .
The menu is straightforward California cuisine , not thrilling , but well - executed -- a salad of Little Gem lettuce with pickled spring onions , flatbread topped with satiny leeks , pancetta and fontina cheese , wild mushroom risotto ( unfortunately embellished with truffle oil ) .
Sonoma chicken with olive oil - crushed potatoes is simple and good .
Niman Ranch pork chop comes with an appealing creamy polenta and baby artichokes and peas .
And if you enjoyed what you ate , you can pick up the PlumpJack cookbook over in the market and store , which also looks to be a good place to pick up a picnic lunch if you ’re in the area .
irene.virbila@latimes.com
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee last week unanimously passed the Tropical Forest and Coral Conservation Reauthorization Act of 2009 ( S. 345 ) introduced by Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry ( D - MA ) and Ranking Member Senator Dick Lugar ( R - IN ) .
The bill would provide up to $ 115 million in debt relief to tropical countries in exchange for commitments to conserve forests and coral reefs .
“ Deforestation is a significant driver of global climate change , and we must pursue a variety of efforts to reduce emissions from deforestation in tropical and sub-tropical nations .
This innovative program has provided critical support to developing countries in conserving their forest landscapes while reducing their debt burdens , and I am thrilled to join Senator Lugar in introducing this important legislation , ” said Senator Kerry .
“ This bill reauthorizes a proven program which enjoys the ardent support of the Treasury Department and State Department for the third time since 1998 .
It will help developing countries protect tropical forests and endangered marine habitats around the world while reducing their foreign debt levels .
This bill will also serve as an important diplomatic tool to provide for our national security , ” said Senator Lugar .
Forest clearing for the establishment of oil palm plantations on carbon dense peatlands in Indonesian Borneo ( Central Kalimantan ) in May 2009 .
Under the Tropical Forest Conservation Act ( TFCA ) , the program currently in place , the U.S. State Department has reached agreements generating $ 188 million in long - term commitments for tropical forest conservation in Bangladesh , El Salvador , Belize , Peru , the Philippines , Panama , Guatemala , Colombia , Paraguay , Botswana , Costa Rica , and Jamaica .
TFCA languished under the Bush Administration , which reduced funding while adding a coral reef conservation mandate , further diluting funds available for tropical forests .
The Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation
Act of 2009 authorizes appropriations for debt reduction for eligible countries at $ 25,000,000 for fiscal 2009 ; $ 30,000,000 in 2010 ; $ 30,000,000 in 2011 ; and $ 30,000,000 in 2012 .
The figures represent a reduction from previous levels — in some years Congress has authorized up to $ 100 million annually for forest conservation .
The Tropical Forest Conservation Act ( TFCA ) was enacted in 1998 to offer eligible developing countries forego paying back debt owed to the U.S. in exchange for supporting local tropical forest conservation activities .
A TFCA agreement can be structured as debt reduction , debt buyback , or debt - for - nature swap , according to the State Department .
According to U.N. data , tropical deforestation rates increased 8.5 percent from 2000 - 2005 when compared with the 1990s , while loss of primary forests expanded by almost 24 percent over the same period .
Overall , the U.N. estimates that 10.40 million hectares of tropical forest were permanently destroyed each year in the period from 2000 to 2005 , an increase since the 1990 - 2000 period , when around 10.16 million hectares of forest were lost .
Among primary forests , annual deforestation rose to 6.26 million hectares from 5.41 million hectares in the same period .
On a broader scale , U.N. data shows that primary forests are being replaced by less biodiverse plantations and secondary forests .
Industrial logging , conversion for agriculture ( commercial and subsistence ) , and forest fires — often purposely set by people — are responsible for the bulk of global deforestation today .
Tropical forests are the world ’s most biodiverse ecosystems .
Scientists are concerned that tropical deforestation is contributing to global warming and causing a mass extinction event not seen since the age of dinosaurs .
So Yahoo , cowards that they are , announced in the most quiet and subtle manner possible that they were shutting down Geocities , the nearly 20 - years - old hosting service and site that has been home to untold millions over the years .
I suppose I should be flattered that well over two dozen people have contacted me to ask , essentially , “ Will Archive Team be trying to save and archive Geocities ? ”
And the answer , which I hope you would expect , is OF COURSE WE ARE .
I ’ve got experiments running as we speak , treating Geocities like a drunk cheerleader dropped into the exercise yard of a prison .
It ’s quite ugly : Geocities has this really insane thing where they only allow 15 megabytes of a website to be downloaded during a given hour , from anywhere , before that site goes “ down ” until the hour is up .
This is playing hell with my scripts .
They ’ve also generally obliterated directories of users , but I have ways around that as well .
In other words , the process has begun .
It ’s cute and pithy to say “ Well , good fucking riddance to Geocities ” .
And I totally understand that outlook , make no mistake .
Many pages are amateurish .
A lot have broken links , even internally .
The content is tiny on a given page .
And there are many sites which have been dead for over a decade .
But please recall , if you will , that for hundreds of thousands of people , this was their first website .
This was where you went to get the chance to publish your ideas to the largest audience you might ever have dreamed of having .
Your pet subject or conspiracy theory or collection of writings left the safe confines of your Windows 3.1 box and became something you could walk up to any internet - connected user , hand them the URL , and know they would be able to see your stuff .
In full color .
Right now .
In a world where we get pissed because the little GIF throbber stays for 4 seconds instead of the usual 1 , this is all quaint .
But it ’s history .
It ’s culture .
It ’s something I want to save for future generations .
Already , little gems have shown up in the roughly 8000 + sites I ’ve archived .
Guitar tab archives .
MP3s that surely took the owners hours to rip and generate .
GIF files , untouched for 13 years .
Fan fiction .
Photographs and websites of people long dead .
All stuff that , I think , down the line , will have meaning .
It ’s not for me to judge .
It ’s for me to collect .
I ca n’t do this alone .
I ’m going to be pulling data from these twitching , blood - in - mouth websites for weeks , in the background .
I could use help , even if we end up being redundant .
More is better .
We ’re in #archiveteam on EFnet .
Stop by .
Bring bandwidth and disks .
Help me save Geocities .
Not because we love it .
We hate it .
But if you only save the things you love , your archive is a very poor reflection indeed .
P.S. Fuck Yahoo !
We are going to rescue your shit !
Share this :
Share
Email
Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Categorised as : computer history
Comments are disabled on this post
Co-opting the Media : White - supremacist code printed nationwide
The white supremacist who is accused of shooting an African - American man at the US Holocaust Museum on June 10 has taken advantage of journalists ' normal reporting practices to publish a white - supremacist code praising Adolf Hitler in every newspaper in the country .
As every media outlet dutifully reported , the suspect , James von Brunn , is 88 years old .
Of course , it is standard practice when identifying a criminal suspect for reporters to find out , and publish , the suspect 's age .
But his age is no accident .
( And he really is 88 , according to federal Bureau of Prisons records . )
Because von Brunn is 88 , in printing that otherwise innocuous piece of information , news organizations around the world have printed and broadcast what white supremacists know is a numeric code meaning " Heil Hitler . "
The letter " H " is the eighth letter of the alphabet , and hatemongers around the world have long used " 88 " to mean " HH , " or " Heil Hitler , " honoring the leading historical icon of hate and intolerance , Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler .
Von Brunn himself knew and used this code often .
He signed many of his Web postings " James von Brunn 88 " - which , eerily , differs only by a comma from how most newspapers and online news sites identified him after the shooting : " James von Brunn , 88 . "
White supremacists , including von Brunn himself , must be dancing with glee that - among other prestigious news outlets - the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal have , effectively , printed " Heil Hitler " in their pages .
Von Brunn clearly wanted to make a statement - a longtime white supremacist , he allegedly shot an African - American man at a museum honoring the memory of the millions of Jews slaughtered by Hitler 's policies in World War II .
What 's more , it turns out that von Brunn was not going to be 88 much longer - his birthday is in mid-July .
He was running out of time to make his statement with full effect .
And , tragically , he decided to seize the moment .
With today ’s headline that the man behind the San Diego Chicken , Ted Giannoulas , was thinking about “ flying the coop ” in what is now his 35th season of harassing umpires and fighting other mascots , the Entertainer figured now to be a good time to take a trip down memory lane with some SD Chicken history and some of our favorite pictures and movies of the Chicken ’s hilarious antics .
There is a pretty ugly misconception out there among many of us whippersnappers in the iGeneration ( a phrase you can pay me royalties to use ) that the unusually large and unusually hilarious poultry mascot , the San Diego Chicken , was created by a soulless corporation to team up and provide comic relief to a panel of ‘ experts ’ including Dale Earnhardt Jr. , the blander of the two James Browns , and Mr. ‘ commercial ’ himself , Peyton Manning .
No , the Chicken once had a shtick far superior to selling us flat - screen televisions and getting violent when people tell him , “ I do n’t really like sports . ”
In fact , the Chicken ’s antics date far back to the “ pre-Peyton on your television screen 24/ 7 ” era .
The Chicken actually got his break in show - business as the animated star of a commercial airing locally back in the 1970s for the kick - ass classic rock station 101.5 KGB .
Somewhere along the line , the advertising gurus at KGB decided it would be a good idea to turn the cartoon chicken into a real life chicken , so they had an audition and hired San Diego State student Ted Giannoulas to wear the suit and debut the real - life Chicken to hand out easter eggs at the San Diego Zoo .
It was only to last one week at pay of $ 2/hr .
After that successful appearance , Giannoulas lobbied KGB to have him appear at Padres games , as a way to advertise for the station ( even though he really just wanted to watch games for free ) .
This one week gig amazingly became a steady five year gig until 1977 when relations between Giannoulas and KGB broke down .
He was fired and a replacement was found for the suit .
After being booed loudly by Padres fans who knew it was n’t the “ real ” Chicken , Giannoulas and KGB went through a lengthy court battle , with Giannoulas prevailing in 1979 .
This , of course , led to the triumphant return of the Chicken — known as “ The Grand Hatching ” — at Jack Murphy Stadium :
He quickly became a folk hero in the San Diego area , and eventually became the original prototype for the modern mascot .
He once appeared in a stretch of 520 Padres games in a row and was also named one of the 100 most important sports figures of the 20th century by The Sporting News .
He brags that he ’s visited eight countries , four continents and all 50 states .
His bio indicates the kind of impact he has since had on the sports world : “ For an athletic industry in a rising tide of bluster , attitude , arrogance and human chemical alterations , here is Ted Giannoulas and his comic musings in a chicken suit — perhaps the las voice left — to remind us that , indeed , it is just a game after all . ”
The reviews were rave , with famous San Diego sportswriter Jack Murphy writing , “ The Chicken has the soul of a poet .
He is an embryonic Charles Chaplin in chicken feathers . ”
Today , the Chicken mostly sticks to minor league baseball games , where attendance is known to increase dramatically when he makes an appearance .
When asked why he does n’t do major league games anymore , he told USA Today , “ I find that the ‘ boys of summer ’ spirit still exists quite a bit in the minor leagues .
Big league sports have obviously gotten very , very corporate and very button - down in their approach .
And while I still enjoy it , let ’s face it .
The game , in general , at the corporate level , at the major league level , is not as colorful as it used to be . ”
Could n’t have said it better ourselves .
But no matter what the chicken ’s future holds , many San Diegans have fond memories of the Chicken , and we bid “ good ( c) luck ! ” to Giannoulas , and will cross our fingers that someday the Chicken will make an appearance and at an upcoming Padres game , because let ’s face it : the mood PETCO park needs some lightening up right about now .
The chicken ’s history is rich and antics are endless over the course of his 17,000 appearances , which is why we will now switch to bullet points .
Here is just a taste of what the Chicken has gotten away with over the years :
1978 — In San Diego ’s inaugural Holiday Bowl , security tries to remove the chicken from the field , but he refuses to leave .
Eventually , he was removed and while BYU was on their game - winning drive , the crowd continually chanted , “ We want the chicken ! ”
1976 — The Chicken crashes an Elvis Presley concert at the San Diego Sports Arena and causes Elvis to stop mid-song due to laughter at the Chicken ’s dancing .
1979 — Chicken records famous cover of Rod Stewart ’s “ Do Ya Think I ’m Sexy ? ”
The Chicken was sued by Barney and Friends producers for beating up a Barney look - alike .
The Chicken again prevailed in the case .
The Chicken ( suit worn by Pete Rose ) appeared at Wrestlemania XV and proceeded to be “ tombstoned ” by Kane .
1991 — The Chicago Bulls sued the Chicken when he allegedly injured a cheerleader after tackling her .
MEDIA GALLERY :
Video about the legend of the Chicken along with a nice helping of “ Chicken Schtick ” :
Chicken smoking a blunt & posing as Burt Reynolds :
At Allman Brothers Concert at Balboa Stadium , 1976 :
A Case Against Precipitous Climate Action
The notion of a static , unchanging climate is foreign to the history of the earth or any other planet with a fluid envelope .
The fact that the developed world went into hysterics over changes in global mean temperature anomaly of a few tenths of a degree will astound future generations .
Such hysteria simply represents the scientific illiteracy of much of the public , the susceptibility of the public to the substitution of repetition for truth , and the exploitation of these weaknesses by politicians , environmental promoters , and , after 20 years of media drum beating , many others as well .
Climate is always changing .
We have had ice ages and warmer periods when alligators were found in Spitzbergen .
Ice ages have occurred in a hundred thousand year cycle for the last 700 thousand years , and there have been previous periods that appear to have been warmer than the present despite CO2 levels being lower than they are now .
More recently , we have had the medieval warm period and the little ice age .
During the latter , alpine glaciers advanced to the chagrin of overrun villages .
Since the beginning of the 19th Century these glaciers have been retreating .
Frankly , we do n’t fully understand either the advance or the retreat .
For small changes in climate associated with tenths of a degree , there is no need for any external cause .
The earth is never exactly in equilibrium .
The motions of the massive oceans where heat is moved between deep layers and the surface provides variability on time scales from years to centuries .
Recent work ( Tsonis et al , 2007 ) , suggests that this variability is enough to account for all climate change since the 19th Century .
Supporting the notion that man has not been the cause of this unexceptional change in temperature is the fact that there is a distinct signature to greenhouse warming : surface warming should be accompanied by warming in the tropics around an altitude of about 9 km that is about 2.5 times greater than at the surface .
Measurements show that warming at these levels is only about 3 / 4 of what is seen at the surface , implying that only about a third of the surface warming is associated with the greenhouse effect , and , quite possibly , not all of even this really small warming is due to man ( Lindzen , 2007 , Douglass et al , 2007 ) .
This further implies that all models predicting significant warming are greatly overestimating warming .
This should not be surprising ( though inevitably in climate science , when data conflicts with models , a small coterie of scientists can be counted upon to modify the data .
Thus , Santer , et al ( 2008 ) , argue that stretching uncertainties in observations and models might marginally eliminate the inconsistency .
That the data should always need correcting to agree with models is totally implausible and indicative of a certain corruption within the climate science community ) .
It turns out that there is a much more fundamental and unambiguous check of the role of feedbacks in enhancing greenhouse warming that also shows that all models are greatly exaggerating climate sensitivity .
Here , it must be noted that the greenhouse effect operates by inhibiting the cooling of the climate by reducing net outgoing radiation .
However , the contribution of increasing CO2 alone does not , in fact , lead to much warming ( approximately 1 deg .
C for each doubling of CO2 ) .
The larger predictions from climate models are due to the fact that , within these models , the more important greenhouse substances , water vapor and clouds , act to greatly amplify whatever CO2 does .
This is referred to as a positive feedback .
It means that increases in surface temperature are accompanied by reductions in the net outgoing radiation – thus enhancing the greenhouse warming .
All climate models show such changes when forced by observed surface temperatures .
Satellite observations of the earth ’s radiation budget allow us to determine whether such a reduction does , in fact , accompany increases in surface temperature in nature .
As it turns out , the satellite data from the ERBE instrument ( Barkstrom , 1984 , Wong et al , 2006 ) shows that the feedback in nature is strongly negative — strongly reducing the direct effect of CO2 ( Lindzen and Choi , 2009 ) in profound contrast to the model behavior .
This analysis makes clear that even when all models agree , they can all be wrong , and that this is the situation for the all important question of climate sensitivity .
According to the UN ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the greenhouse forcing from man made greenhouse gases is already about 86 % of what one expects from a doubling of CO2 ( with about half coming from methane , nitrous oxide , freons and ozone ) , and alarming predictions depend on models for which the sensitivity to a doubling for CO2 is greater than 2C which implies that we should already have seen much more warming than we have seen thus far , even if all the warming we have seen so far were due to man .
This contradiction is rendered more acute by the fact that there has been no statistically significant net global warming for the last fourteen years .
Modelers defend this situation by arguing that aerosols have cancelled much of the warming , and that models adequately account for natural unforced internal variability .
However , a recent paper ( Ramanathan , 2007 ) points out that aerosols can warm as well as cool , while scientists at the UK ’s Hadley Centre for Climate Research recently noted that their model did not appropriately deal with natural internal variability thus demolishing the basis for the IPCC ’s iconic attribution ( Smith et al , 2007 ) .
Interestingly ( though not unexpectedly ) , the British paper did not stress this .
Rather , they speculated that natural internal variability might step aside in 2009 , allowing warming to resume .
Resume ?
Thus , the fact that warming has ceased for the past fourteen years is acknowledged .
It should be noted that , more recently , German modelers have moved the date for ‘ resumption ’ up to 2015 ( Keenlyside et al , 2008 ) .
Climate alarmists respond that some of the hottest years on record have occurred during the past decade .
Given that we are in a relatively warm period , this is not surprising , but it says nothing about trends .
Given that the evidence ( and I have noted only a few of many pieces of evidence ) strongly implies that anthropogenic warming has been greatly exaggerated , the basis for alarm due to such warming is similarly diminished .
However , a really important point is that the case for alarm would still be weak even if anthropogenic global warming were significant .
Polar bears , arctic summer sea ice , regional droughts and floods , coral bleaching , hurricanes , alpine glaciers , malaria , etc. etc. all depend not on some global average of surface temperature anomaly , but on a huge number of regional variables including temperature , humidity , cloud cover , precipitation , and direction and magnitude of wind .
The state of the ocean is also often crucial .
Our ability to forecast any of these over periods beyond a few days is minimal ( a leading modeler refers to it as essentially guesswork ) .
Yet , each catastrophic forecast depends on each of these being in a specific range .
The odds of any specific catastrophe actually occurring are almost zero .
This was equally true for earlier forecasts of famine for the 1980 ’s , global cooling in the 1970 ’s , Y2 K and many others .
Regionally , year to year fluctuations in temperature are over four times larger than fluctuations in the global mean .
Much of this variation has to be independent of the global mean ; otherwise the global mean would vary much more .
This is simply to note that factors other than global warming are more important to any specific situation .
This is not to say that disasters will not occur ; they always have occurred and this will not change in the future .
Fighting global warming with symbolic gestures will certainly not change this .
However , history tells us that greater wealth and development can profoundly increase our resilience .
In view of the above , one may reasonably ask why there is the current alarm , and , in particular , why the astounding upsurge in alarmism of the past 4 years .
When an issue like global warming is around for over twenty years , numerous agendas are developed to exploit the issue .
The interests of the environmental movement in acquiring more power , influence , and donations are reasonably clear .
So too are the interests of bureaucrats for whom control of CO2 is a dream - come - true .
After all , CO2 is a product of breathing itself .
Politicians can see the possibility of taxation that will be cheerfully accepted because it is necessary for ‘ saving ’ the earth .
Nations have seen how to exploit this issue in order to gain competitive advantages .
But , by now , things have gone much further .
The case of ENRON ( a now bankrupt Texas energy firm ) is illustrative in this respect .
Before disintegrating in a pyrotechnic display of unscrupulous manipulation , ENRON had been one of the most intense lobbyists for Kyoto .
It had hoped to become a trading firm dealing in carbon emission rights .
This was no small hope .
These rights are likely to amount to over a trillion dollars , and the commissions will run into many billions .
Hedge funds are actively examining the possibilities ; so was the late Lehman Brothers .
Goldman Sachs has lobbied extensively for the ‘ cap and trade ’ bill , and is well positioned to make billions .
It is probably no accident that Gore , himself , is associated with such activities .
The sale of indulgences is already in full swing with organizations selling offsets to one ’s carbon footprint while sometimes acknowledging that the offsets are irrelevant .
The possibilities for corruption are immense .
Archer Daniels Midland ( America ’s largest agribusiness ) has successfully lobbied for ethanol requirements for gasoline , and the resulting demand for ethanol may already be contributing to large increases in corn prices and associated hardship in the developing world ( not to mention poorer car performance ) .
And finally , there are the numerous well meaning individuals who have allowed propagandists to convince them that in accepting the alarmist view of anthropogenic climate change , they are displaying intelligence and virtue
For them , their psychic welfare is at stake .
With all this at stake , one can readily suspect that there might be a sense of urgency provoked by the possibility that warming may have ceased and that the case for such warming as was seen being due in significant measure to man , disintegrating .
For those committed to the more venal agendas , the need to act soon , before the public appreciates the situation , is real indeed .
However , for more serious leaders , the need to courageously resist hysteria is clear .
Wasting resources on symbolically fighting ever present climate change is no substitute for prudence .
Nor is the assumption that the earth ’s climate reached a point of perfection in the middle of the twentieth century a sign of intelligence .
References :
Barkstrom , B.R. , 1984 : The Earth Radiation Budget Experiment ( ERBE ) , Bull .
Amer. Meteor .
Soc. , 65 , 1170 –1185 .
Douglass , D.H. , J.R. Christy , B.D. Pearsona and S. F. Singer , 2007 : A comparison of tropical temperature trends with model predictions , Int. J. Climatol. , DOI : 10.1002/joc.1651
Keenlyside , N.S. , M. Lateef , et al , 2008 : Advancing decadal - scale climate prediction in the North Atlantic sector , Nature , 453 , 84 -88 .
Lindzen , R.S. and Y.- S. Choi , 2009 : On the determination of climate feedbacks from ERBE data , accepted Geophys .
Res. Ltrs .
Lindzen , R.S. , 2007 : Taking greenhouse warming seriously .
Energy & Environment , 18 , 937-950 .
Ramanathan , V. , M.V. Ramana , et al , 2007 : Warming trends in Asia amplified by brown cloud solar absorption , Nature , 448 , 575-578 .
Santer , B. D. , P. W. Thorne , L. Haimberger , K. E. Taylor , T. M. L. Wigley , J. R. Lanzante , S. Solomon , M. Free , P. J. Gleckler , P. D. Jones , T. R. Karl , S. A. Klein , C. Mears , D. Nychka , G. A. Schmidt , S. C. Sherwood , and F. J. Wentz , 2008 : Consistency of modelled and observed temperature trends in the tropical troposphere , Intl. J. of Climatology , 28 , 1703 - 1722 .
Smith , D.M. , S. Cusack , A.W. Colman , C.K. Folland , G.R. Harris , J.M. Murphy , 2007 : Improved Surface Temperature Prediction for the Coming Decade from a Global Climate Model , Science , 317 , 796-799 .
Tsonis , A. A. , K. Swanson , and S. Kravtsov , 2007 : A new dynamical mechanism for major climate shifts , Geophys .
Res. Ltrs. , 34 , L13705 , doi:10.1029/2007GL030288
Wong , T. , B. A. Wielicki , et al. , 2006 : Reexamination of the observed decadal variability of the earth radiation budget using altitude - corrected ERBE / ERBS nonscanner WFOV Data , J. Climate , 19 , 4028 –4040 .
Richard S. Lindzen is the Alfred P. Sloan Professor of Atmospheric Sciences at Massachusetts Institute of Technology
This blog was started in 2008 when I kept getting asked this question .
I thought it would give a good idea what kind of vegan foods I enjoy everyday .
I am very aware that being vegan and being able to choose what I eat everyday is a huge privilege .
I do n’t think veganism is The Answer ” to the world ’s problems because there are so many systems in place that prevent this from being the ultimate solution .
Generally speaking , I try to keep my distance from politics .
I have yet to see a productive political argument in my life , with most of them devolving into factoid oneupmanship .
That said , I ’ve just come across a bit of political punditry that really got my goat .
Watch :
That ’s right , the man is being mocked because he requested mustard on his hamburger .
What the talking head may not realize is that “ ketchup ” is practically a dirty word in Obama ’s hometown of Chicago .
Order a hot dog at any reputable establishment in this city and you will have to explicitly request ketchup , outing yourself as a probable tourist .
Teasing might be warranted if he had ordered Gentleman ’s Relish or Monkeygland sauce or something , but do n’t begrudge a Chicagoan his mustard .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
( CNN ) -- Surveillance video shows a Passaic , New Jersey , police officer beating a 49 - year - old man standing idly on a street corner .
The beating was captured on surveillance cameras outside Lawrence 's Grill and Bar in Passaic , New Jersey .
Surveillance tape from Lawrence 's Grill and Bar in Passaic on May 29 shows a police car pull up to Ronnie Holloway , who is standing still on the curb outside the restaurant .
After a few moments Holloway zips up his sweatshirt -- because the female officer in the car instructed him to do so , Holloway said .
At that point , the other officer in the vehicle , Joseph R. Rios III , exits the car , grabs Holloway and slams him onto the hood of the police car .
He then pummels Holloway with his fist and baton .
Holloway said he had exchanged no words with the officer before he pounced on him .
After the incident , police locked Holloway in a holding cell for the night and did not provide treatment for his injuries , according to Holloway 's attorney , Nancy Lucianna .
Those injuries included a torn cornea and extensive bruising to the left side of his body , she said .
Holloway is schizophrenic , according to his mother , Betty , with whom he has lived for more than 20 years .
But Holloway 's attorney says that is not the full extent of his mental disabilities and that her client was " mentally challenged on multiple levels . "
At the time of the incident , Holloway told CNN , he was in the midst of a walk around the neighborhood .
His attorney described such walks as his chief pastime .
Watch the surveillance tape »
The Passaic Police have filed three charges against Holloway : resisting arrest , disorderly conduct and wandering for the purpose of obtaining controlled dangerous substances .
Holloway 's attorney maintains her client is innocent of all charges and adds that " nothing that Ronnie Holloway was doing would warrant " the pounding he received .
Betty Holloway said she cannot bear to watch the tape of her son's beating .
" I have n't looked at the tape because I do n't want to see it , " she said .
" I do n't want to see that man beating on him like that . "
Holloway said the experience has left him with a range of scars spanning the literal and the figurative .
" To think about it hurts .
And the physical part , yes , he was really whooping me . "
The Passaic Police Department and Rios did not respond to calls for comment .
All About Passaic • Schizophrenia
When a brain tumor caused professional photographer Alex Dejong to lose his eyesight three years ago , he turned to gadgets to continue making his art .
Carrying around a Nokia N82 cellphone , Dejong used assistive software to translate sounds into visuals in his mind .
After stitching together a mental image of his surroundings , he snapped photos with his Canon and Leica digital cameras .
But Dejong 's blindness is acute :
He can only perceive light and dark .
Because Dejong could not see his own photographs , he hired an assistant for editing .
Until recently , editing was a part of the creative workflow that he thought he'd lost forever .
And then to his surprise , Apple 's iPhone 3GS , which launched late June , gave him back the ability to edit photos .
The new iPhone has a feature called VoiceOver , which reads back anything a user places his finger over on the screen : e-mail , web pages , system preferences and so on .
Beyond that , photo-editing applications such as CameraBag and Tilt - Shift perform automated editing tasks that blind users like Dejong could not otherwise do on their own .
" With the iPhone and a lot of the photography apps that a lot of people are using , I have my entire workflow , and I can do it in five minutes , " Dejong said .
" In this way , the iPhone is a remarkable gift .
I 've had it for three weeks now , and it has really opened up my world , apart from the photography . "
For years , technology companies and small software developers have created digital tools to aid the blind in everyday life .
Microsoft Windows , Linux and the Mac operating system each carry tools such as audio screen readers and magnifiers to assist the visually impaired with computer use .
And in the hardware arena , some gadgets , such as Dejong 's Nokia N82 , specialize in helping the blind .
The smartphone supports a vOICe app that analyzes the light detected by the handset 's camera and plays different sounds depending on the brightness , thereby helping the blind make pictures out of sounds .
Dejong said he still uses the Nokia N82 to help him " view " his surroundings , and he admits the iPhone 3GS is more of a " toy camera " compared to his professional DSLR .
But he hails the smartphone as the first handset fully accessible to the blind .
" Even if I do n't see the output myself , I still want to have my hand in everything that I do as a photographer , " Dejong said .
Dejong is part of an online community called Blind Photographers , where similarly handicapped shutterbugs share their work and photography tips .
Because blindness is variable from person to person , the shooters each develop a different methodology to suit their visual impairment , said Tim O'Brien , a member of the organization and a freelance newspaper photographer for Chapel Hill News .
" My eyesight is not blurry but more like low - resolution , " explained O'Brien , whose condition is called juvenile macular degeneration .
" It 's like the difference between looking at an old television and a high - definition television . "
Because of his handicap , O'Brien can see much better from his periphery than his center .
So when he takes a photo , he first familiarizes himself with his surrounding ( walking up and down every aisle in a grocery store , for example ) to gather and memorize a visual .
He calls it building a map in his head .
After the necessary preparation , O'Brien snaps photos with his Nikon D40X DSLR and applies edits with the image application Adobe Photoshop Lightroom .
His photography process , then , is not much different from a non-handicapped shooter .
He just takes much longer than most digital shooters — about as long as a photographer using film , he says .
" I can't tell if the camera is in focus , or any of the details , " O'Brien explained .
" I 'll go home and find lots of interesting things that I did n't know that I had .
That 's not dissimilar to how photographers worked in the film days , when they did n't know what their camera took until they developed film . "
Despite his visual impairment , Jason DeCamillis still primarily shoots with film .
His condition is called retinitis pigmentosa :
His central vision is good in the daytime , but his peripheral vision is poor , and come nighttime everything goes pitch black .
Like O'Brien , DeCamillis spends most of his time preparing his photo shoots :
He sweeps across the scene , and his mind tricks him into thinking he can see everything by forming a mental composite image .
DeCamillis ' camera of choice is the Holga 120WPC , a medium - format pinhole camera , because he feels it 's a fitting form of self - expression .
His second favorite camera is the Diana 151 , also a medium - format film camera .
" The cool part about that Holga is that because it 's a pinhole , it 's sort of similar to how I can tell people how I see , " DeCamillis said .
" It looks very similar to what my composite image is in my head .
It 's not a realistic view of how I think other people see the world . "
Photo credit : Alex Dejong shot the photos above and below on this page .
Click through to the next pages to see photography by O'Brien and DeCamillis .
A horde of pigeons crowd a street outside the New Mosque in Istanbul .
Photo : Tim O'Brien
Seen from on top of a building in Istanbul , seagulls flap toward food thrown by restaurant workers .
Photo : Tim O'Brien
O'Brien shot this photo to convey his distorted , blurry vision .
Can you guess which book this page is from ?
Photo : Tim O'Brien
A photo of a sunset , shot with the Diana 151 , a medium - format film camera .
Photo : Jason DeCamillis
Detroit Airport 's colorful underground passage , shot with the Diana 151 .
Photo : Jason DeCamillis
Sad news : Apple has rejected a Commodore 64 emulator for the iPhone .
It ’s not surprising , and arguably not an utter outrage given that the iPhone developer agreement expressly forbids emulators , and the C64 app ’s creator knew that when he began work on his brainchild .
I ’m still unclear on how a Commodore 64 emulator–one fully licensed by the relevant copyright holders–hurts the iPhone , iPhone owners , or Apple , though .
Especially since other iPhone apps that use emulation techniques and which sound less delightful have apparently snuck their way into the App Store .
Thinking about all this got me to thinking about the fact that the Commodore 64 was considered to have a lot of RAM ( 64KB ) at a surprisingly low price ( $ 595 ) back in 1982 .
The iPhone 3G S has 4,000 times the RAM ( 256MB ) for one - third the price ( with an AT&T contract ) , and that ’s not even taking into consideration the fact that it also has an additional 250,000 times as much memory ( or 500,000 , if you spring for the 32 GB model ) as the C64 in the form of its flash storage .
Or that the starting price of $ 199 for an iPhone 3G S is really more like $ 90 in 1982 dollars .
Did I mention that that the 3G S fits in your pocket ?
After the jump , what is almost certainly the most comprehensive comparison of the Commodore 64 and the iPhone 3G S that anyone has done to date .
I ’ll let you decide which one comes out on top .
Any additions , corrections , or questions ?
Stop me before I compare the TRS - 80 Model I to the Palm Pre–hey , Radio Shack has sold both of ’em …
Read more :
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 15/4/2009 ( 4185 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Once thought to be no more than an " inconvenience , " the 2009 Red River flood is now projected to be the second biggest since the 1800s , provincial officials said Wednesday .
Alf Warkentin , the province 's senior flood forecaster , said Winnipeggers should brace for a Red River crest of 22.6 feet at James Avenue , only two feet lower than 1997's Flood of the Century .
" It 's a very serious concern for the city , " he said Wednesday .
Just a day earlier , the province had projected a downtown Winnipeg crest of 21.8 feet , terming this year 's flood the third worst in 100 years .
But by Wednesday afternoon , government officials had again upgraded the seriousness of the 2009 deluge , calling it the second worst ever on the portion of the Red from St. Jean Baptiste to the floodway inlet just south of Winnipeg .
They also estimated that as of Wednesday , the level of the Red in downtown Winnipeg would have reached 30.3 feet -- equal to the Great Flood of 1950 -- were it not for the floodway and other flood mitigation efforts carried out since then , such as the Portage diversion and the Shellmouth Dam .
Officials again asked for sandbaggers Wednesday evening to help build and raise dikes on three rivers as hundreds of high school students who had volunteered during the day went home .
Volunteers who can work this morning are asked to call 311 immediately , emergency measures co-ordinator Randy Hull said .
" We need to change the muscle , " he said , thanking 600 volunteers who helped build or raise dikes along the Red River at Scotia Street and Glenwood Crescent Wednesday .
The dikes on Scotia were about 35 per cent complete yesterday , while Glenwood dikes were just getting underway .
Dikes at all of those properties , along with several others along the Seine and Assiniboine rivers , should be completed today , when the province predicts the Red River will rise to 22.2 feet at the James Avenue monitoring station .
All told , 100 Winnipeg properties have been asked to raise or build dikes in the northern half of Winnipeg since the province first revised its flood forecast on Tuesday .
Warkentin said several factors have conspired to cause he and his colleagues to upgrade the seriousness of this year 's flood , including a " broad crest " at Emerson , higher water levels than anticipated on minor tributaries of the Red and a large Assiniboine River crest .
MIKE DEAL / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS
An abandoned truck sits half - submerged on Hwy.
247 close to the junction with Hwy. 75 south of Winnipeg .
Overland flooding has caused the closure of the 247 which links 75 to La Salle , Man .
" There 's quite a wave coming down the Assiniboine River , and it 's going to get to Winnipeg at just about the worst time -- just when the Red River crest is arriving from the south , " Warkentin said .
The high flows from the west are due in part to recent difficulties in diverting water into Lake Manitoba because of ice , he said .
Warkentin said due to high flows and fears of ice jamming on the Assiniboine , all residents along the river were phoned Tuesday night to take action for " possibly the highest levels they 've seen in the last 10 years " between Portage and Winnipeg .
As a precaution Wednesday night , an evacuation began of the personal - care home in St. Adolphe , situated on the Red River .
About 40 residents of the home are being moved to Winnipeg .
Don Brennan , a spokesman for the Manitoba Emergency Measures Organization , advised Manitobans to finalize preparations immediately for closing in ring dikes .
" Do n't wait until the 11th hour , " he said .
Brennan said the overall flood situation is unusual in that there is minor , medium or severe flooding occurring from the western part of the province to the eastern portion of Manitoba .
" People who think they may be compromised by flood waters should be taking proactive steps now to contact your local authorities , find out what you need to do and what type of supplies you need to do it with .
I ca n't emphasize that enough , " he said .
larry.kusch@freepress.mb.ca bartley.kives@freepress.mb.ca
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The unemployment crisis is a nationwide concern , but the collapse of the auto industry has made joblessness in Detroit particularly painful .
A U.S. government report released Tuesday shows the Detroit metro area continued to have the highest unemployment rate of large cities , at 14.9 % , in May .
That 's before General Motors ( GMGMQ ) declared bankruptcy June 1 , meaning future reports could be even worse for the Motor City .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics report groups cities into metropolitan areas , lagging national unemployment statistics which this month showed the jobless rate rose to a fresh 26 - year high of 9.4 % in May .
A new nationwide report for June comes out Thursday .
" Things in Detroit are just bad , much like the national economy , " said Rick Waclawek , a director at the Michigan Department of Labor and Growth .
" It all ties back to whether people have spending money or loans available , and right now that 's tough . "
GM and Chrysler closed some plants and executed some layoffs before their official bankruptcies , Waclawek said , so " a significant number of those people " are already included in this and previous reports .
Waclawek declined to speculate on future trends , but " it 's too early to say these rates are leveling off , " he said .
Tuesday 's report said the Detroit - Warren - Livonia , Mich .
area also had the second - largest jobless rate increase over the last year of large cities , at 6.6 percentage points - just 0.1 point less than the Portland , Ore. , area .
Similarly , year - over - year payrolls in the Detroit area declined by 8 % , the largest drop of any area with annual average employment levels above 750,000 .
Ripple effect :
The impact of the ailing car industry has spread to other auto industry cities -- especially two in Indiana that topped the year - over - year unemployment rate increases for all 372 metropolitan areas .
Kokomo , Ind. , posted a 11.7 - percentage - point jump over last May .
The unemployment rate stands at 18.8 % in Kokomo , where one - fifth of the workforce is employed in the auto sector .
Kokomo's largest employer , Chrysler , is attempting to emerge from bankruptcy after being acquired by Fiat , leaving 5,000 Chrysler workers and thousands of retirees left uncertain .
The other Indiana area is Elkhart - Goshen , where the rate rose by 11.4 percentage points to 17.5 % .
Overall , 112 cities had rates at 10 % or higher , and 15 of those stood at 15 % or more .
The highest rate of unemployment for a metro area of any size was in El Centro , Calif . , near the Mexican border , at 26.8 % .
itteh bitteh jedi committeh ... using for force for goodness & cuteness
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
In a translation from the original French that captures its verve , readers are invited to join Rémi Brague 's tour d'horizon of the philosophical interspace available to us once we attend to the works of medieval Jews , Christians , and Muslims , as they utilized their respective revelations to probe the reality of the universe .
These groups were seldom in contact with one another , though some later inquirers ( Maimonides ) did profit from earlier ones ( Ghazali ) , as Aquinas did from " Rabbi Moses . "
Hence Brague rightly insists that the rich mutuality that we are able to discern was seldom available to them .
Yet he invites us to share in , as well as develop for ourselves , that quality of sensitivity which animates this comparative work , greatly facilitated by retaining the informal style of the original lectures .
We need that assistance , since his erudition can be daunting , yet this account will illuminate novices as well as adepts embarked on a shared journey into a fascinating world .
While we increasingly share the journey , Brague forcibly reminds us that what we desire to transmute into dialogue was largely , for the writers he discusses , polemics ( 199-202 ) .
By using contemporary reflections on hermeneutics and other sophisticated tools we enjoy today , he deftly introduces us into this world in a way that helps us attain the consciousness demanded to understand " the other , " so as better to appreciate our own limitations .
In fact , that correlative activity of coming to understand ourselves as we seek to understand the other fairly defines the journey on which these essays launch us .
So it could best be described as an exercise in self - understating , facilitated by a rich store of historical examples , deftly employed .
That self - understating is initially directed to philosophy itself , as submitting to the tutelage of its medieval practitioners can show us how limited -- even myopic -- our grasp of that subject can be .
The lecture style is enhanced by an initial interview , which directs Braque 's erudition to our service by reminding us how he was invited by circumstance to fill a notorious lacuna of eight hundred years in French university philosophical curriculum , with the result that : " in the domain of medieval philosophical studies , I was thus , and basically I have remained , a newcomer , a beginner , an outsider " ( 8 , 25 ) .
This confession allows us to accept the fact that we are nearly all novices in this inquiry , and so welcome newcomers in a shared journey of discovery -- and self - discovery .
( I have always been grateful that Fritz Zimmerman did just that for me a quarter of a century ago , as I passed though Oxford with an inchoate project of comparative study . )
So the signal merit of these reflections is to let oneself be mentored in a gently demanding way .
Take , for example , the asymmetries in the endeavor of translating , for " all societies are defined by a unique style of negotiating their relations with others " ( 163 ) .
Hence the west learned from the Greeks through the Arabs , who can be regarded as " the only legitimate heirs of the ancient Greeks " ( 166 ) .
However , although " the Islamic world translated a good deal to the point that the Arabs can perhaps be called the inventors of translation , [ nevertheless ] the Muslims did not learn Greek " ( 168 ) .
All of this nuanced discussion will also bolster Brague 's celebrated thesis about the heteronymous origins of Europe : whatever is of worth came from elsewhere -- Christianity emerging out of Judaism , philosophy from Islamic sources , and so on .
Brague is especially illuminating , as I just suggested , in noting the asymmetric and often tentative character of these exchanges .
Addressing the question of what sorts of inquiry deserve the name ' philosophy ' , he points out that the episteme which goes by that name has undergone manifold shifts , citing Pierre Hadot 's staunch reminder of the role which " spiritual exercises " always played in Hellenic philosophy .
I would add : in Islamic philosophy as well , once we trace it beyond the axial figure of Averroës , returning with it to the Arab and Persian heartland , in Suhrwaradi , Ibn al - Arabi , and Mulla Sadra .
On this point , Brague is ambiguous if not curiously silent , referring principally to Henri Corbin 's theses .
But after Corbin 's trail - blazing endeavors , others have called attention to the enrichment ' philosophy ' enjoyed from that move , without diverting our attention by introducing terms like ' theosophy ' .
( I am thinking especially of John Walbridge and Hossein Ziai on Suhrawardi , or William Chittick and Salman Bashier on Ibn al - Arabi ; James Morris , Sajjad Rizvl , and Cecilia Bonmariage on Mulla Sadra . )
I see this return of Islamic philosophy to the heartland , and especially to Persia and Shi'ite culture , as a transformation " of the episteme " into a more explicitly philosophical theology .
Thus I would temper the strict bifurcations which Brague appears to endorse here , yet which his own work usually breaches even while French academic life strictly observes them .
Indeed , by citing Pierre Hadot , Rémi Brague prepares the way for such an enriched understanding of philosophical inquiry itself .
At the same time , his summary assessment of the closet argument regarding how to name this domain -- ' Arabic philosophy ' or ' Islamic philosophy ' -- seems sane : " it is thus acceptable to speak of an ' Islamic philosophy ' , on the condition that we understand ' Islamic ' to refer to a civilization and not a religion " ( 70 ) .
Indeed , one is constantly returned to Marshall Hodgson 's richly evocative neologism , " the Islamicate " .
Moreover , if we consider studies of Ibn Sina 's use of allegory ( by Peter Heath ) as well as the very recent comparative study of Ibn Rushd [ Averroës ] and al - Ghazali by Avital Wohlman [ 1 ] , they all point to a richer vein of philosophical inquiry endemic to Islamic philosophy -- indeed , one with which I suspect Rémi Brague would be quite consonant , for it is carried out with meticulous rigor ( as by Mulla Sadra ) yet always presumes that something more than logical acumen will be needed for an adequate understanding of the arguments employed .
With Pierre Hadot , Mulla Sadra identifies this ' more ' with " spiritual exercises " .
Does that move us beyond ' philosophy ' or more deeply into it ?
However one proceeds to address that question , we have established one point clearly : ' philosophy ' will always reflect the culture of which it is a part and which it seeks to address .
Consider the pregnant moves , closer to home , from ' modernity ' to ' post - modernity ' , and the multiple paths those moves exhibit .
I would suggest that his dual proposal for cultural appropriation -- ' inclusion ' and ' digestion ' -- might be illuminated by a strategy proposed by Robert Sokolowski , who observes how we ' recapitulate ' others in an effort to find our own way , much as Aquinas ' recapitulated '
Aristotle in shaping his own metaphysics .
Yet again , these metaphors are useful ways of articulating one 's own efforts , but remain empty until we try it ourselves .
In fact , the directions Brague offers are inherently perfomative , giving the text its mentoring mien .
Indeed , the signal fruit of journeying with Rémi Brague on these constructive and deconstructive forays is to appreciate the quality of awareness required to find one 's way around the rich panoply of ' Islamic philosophy ' as it proceeds by translation and then by permutation into new forms .
Throughout , the journey is as anthropological as it is strictly philosophical , and that too suggests what we can learn about ' philosophy ' by allowing ourselves to be guided by so adept " a beginner " .
I have suggested some of the sinuous turns the journey takes ; others are best left to readers to discover , as the text hardly lends itself to the sort of canvassing of ' ' positions ' for which reviewers normally settle .
The SABC ’s debt mountain is even larger than reported — the public broadcaster owes SuperSport nearly R100 - million .
More than 1 000 members of the independent television production industry marched on the SABC last week demanding a change in leadership and for the SABC to pay up .
But the Mail & Guardian has established that larger players have also been affected by the public broadcaster ’s financial woes .
Industry insiders told the M&G that the R100 - million owed to SuperSport relates to Premier Soccer League ( PSL ) matches , as well as cricket matches that the SABC sub - licenses from Multichoice ’s sports arm .
The insiders said that negotiations between SuperSport and the SABC regarding the money owed are continuing and that the SABC will be able to settle the outstanding millions only once it receives the R2 - billion bail - out it has requested from the government .
But that bail - out looks unlikely to materialise soon .
Communications ministry spokesperson Tiyani Rikhotso told the M&G this week that the treasury , the SABC and the communications department will meet to find ‘ a solution to the financial challenges facing the public broadcaster ” .
‘ So far there have n’t been any movements in that regard but it ’s something that we are definitely attending to , ” said Rikhotso .
The SABC has the rights to at least 150 PSL matches a year from SuperSport .
In 2007 the PSL sold the broadcasting rights for the league ’s matches to SuperSport in a deal that was reported to be worth R1.6 - billion .
In terms of the deal SuperSport had rights to more than 250 PSL matches , of which 150 were to be sub-licensed to a free - to - air broadcaster ( as opposed to a subscription service ) as stipulated in the contract .
The SABC , which had previously paid R67 - million a year for the PSL rights , snapped up the free - to - air matches , as this was key to bringing in massive advertising revenue .
SuperSport chief executive Imtiaz Patel said at the time that securing the rights to PSL matches was crucial to its growth strategy .
The pay - TV operator was focusing on the emerging black middle - class market with its DStv Compact offering , priced at R200 a month , and the PSL matches were a huge drawcard .
SuperSport and the SABC refused this week to divulge any details about the sub- licensing arrangements between them .
‘ This is a contractual issue and we are dealing with our creditors directly , ” SABC spokesperson Kaizer Kganyago told the M&G .
He confirmed that football and cricket were the main sports the SABC sub - licensed from SuperSport .
Asked if its R100 - million debt would affect the public broadcaster ’s relationship with SuperSport and its sports coverage generally , Kganyago said that the relationship ‘ was not under threat ” .
Patel refused to discuss the sub- licensing agreements .
‘ The SABC are our partners on many matters related to sports rights , ” he said .
‘ The agreements between us and the SABC are confidential and therefore I feel it is inappropriate to disclose these matters in public . ”
Board slammed for firing Mpofu
The South Gauteng High Court added to the SABC ’s woes by ruling against its decision to fire its former chief executive , Dali Mpofu , writes Lynley Donnelly .
The Mpofu saga began in May last year after he fired the SABC ’s head of news , Snuki Zikalala , for allegedly leaking internal documents .
The SABC board , under former chairperson Khanyi Mkonza , axed Mpofu the following day , citing his lack of authority to fire Zikalala .
Mpofu took the matter to the courts and has since been reinstated and suspended a number of times .
This decision relates to his first suspension .
The court ’s decision in his favour was subsequently appealed by the SABC .
The decision by the appeals bench of the South Gauteng Court to dismiss the SABC ’s appeal was unanimous .
Judge Mahomed Jajbhay declared that Mkonza ’s actions had been unacceptable .
In ordering costs , he said : ‘ I find that the conduct of the chairperson [ Mkonza ] when assessed against the relevant background facts and the principles of corporate governance is not to be encouraged —
She clearly got caught up in an emotional response to the suspension of Dr Zikalala . ”
He went on to say that the ‘ leadership qualities of Ms Mkonzo as well as the other non-executive directors were wanting ” .
A spokesperson for Mpofu said that the axed chief executive was elated by the decision but ‘ was not necessarily contemplating going back to the SABC ” .
He and his lawyers would make a decision on the matter only after examining the documents , she said .
SABC spokesperson Kaizer Kganyago said the SABC still had to study the judgement .
Board dissolves
The SABC board dissolved on Thursday after the resignation of three board members , in a development that will force Parliament to appoint an interim governing structure .
The board members who quit with immediate effect were Bheki Khumalo , Andile Mbeki and Desmond Golding .
The South African Press Association reported that the three said in a joint statement that it was ‘ in the public interest ” for them to do so .
‘ We are mindful of the enormity of the challenges facing the SABC . ”
Their resignations come days after board chair Khanyisile Mkonza resigned , making way for the appointment of an interim chair , Ashwin Trikamjee .
However , legal opinion obtained by the ministry of communications was that Trikamjee ’s appointment was illegal as only President Jacob Zuma is entitled to appoint the chair and deputies .
According to Ismail Vadi , chairperson of Parliament ’s communications committee , the board was in any event ‘ technically dysfunctional ” because it did not have a quorum .
According to Tiyani Rikhotso , spokesperson for the department of communications , the parliamentary committee must now nominate a new set of acting board members who will serve until a new board is appointed .
Their term should last no more than six months .
The SABC had been scheduled to appear next week before the portfolio committee .
On Thursday Business Day reported that Communications Minister Siphiwe Nyanda intended taking the board to task for installing an illegal interim chair .
He was due to meet the board on Friday to express concerns about this and other issues plaguing the broadcaster , including financial mismanagement and its plea for a R2 - billion bailout from government .
Before his resignation Khumalo had expressed his desire to step down as soon as possible .
‘ It is the right thing to do .
Let the ruling party and the president appoint an interim board , ” he told the Mail & Guardian .
He said the board had needed only his and one other person ’s resignations for it to dissolve .
‘ The only alternatives are for the board to dig in their heels or to go through the parliamentary process , ” he said .
Khumalo also expressed concern that a lengthy parliamentary process could inflict additional reputational damage on the broadcaster .
Rikhotso echoed these sentiments .
‘ We are only interested in seeing a board that will steer the SABC back to a stable state , ” he said .
Meet an Expert : Antarctica ( or , How to Land a Job in Antarctica )
When we at Matador say our destination experts cover the globe , we ’re not joking .
Where else are you going to find someone who can answer your questions on Antarctica ?
Matadorian rico nico ’s expertise on the frozen continent comes from a stint of employment at one of the U.S. research stations , an experience he ’s eager to help others achieve :
I worked as a “ Dining Room Attendant ” ( read : “ Dishwasher ” ) for nearly 5 months at McMurdo Station .
Navigating the application process was the hardest part , so I ’d be thrilled to provide a streamlined plan for the quickest way to get hired ( ie : learn from my mistakes ) .
I can also let you know what jobs you ’re likely to end up with your first season down there , what you ’ll want to pack , and plenty about what your day - to - day will look like if you ’re living on the ice .
Not surprisingly , rico nico is no stranger to adventure :
Two weeks after being handed my degree in Graphic Design from UC Davis I started leading trips for an adventure travel company called “ Backroads . ”
For the last 6 years my spring , summer , and fall months ( working months ) have looked like this :
Cycle through the California wine country , hike the verdant hills of Irealnd , kayak through lobster buoys in Maine , and swim with turtles in Hawaii .
Then , when the winter months hit I ’d strap on a backpack and travel on my own : Jumping naked into the water in Antarctica , doing photography in Cuba , attempting to learn Spanish in Guatemala .
But his story does n’t end there :
Since I ’ve always been attracted to volunteer projects that involve medicine , I set my sights on becoming medically trained .
I became an EMT through NOLS ( awesome course ! ) and got a job in SF as a Surgical Technician in preparation for Nurse Practitioner school , my ultimate goal .
So now I work in a hospital and sit in lectures .
I ’ll admit that it feels like a step down .
The adventures have been put on temporary hold , but once I ’m a medical professional I ’m hoping to take the skills abroad and open an entirely new , and purposeful , chapter of travel .
Rico nico can tell you what you need to know about Antarctica , but travel advice is a two - way street .
He also “ would love a few nudges in the right direction for places to go / volunteer in Africa — such a huge place I do n’t know where to begin . ”
To connect with rico nico , visit his Matador profile .
Community Connection
Antarctica ’s international status means it has no single authority on issues related to tourism .
Problem ?
You decide : US Calls for Stricter Tourism Guidelines in Antarctica .
Matador Goods can show you how Antarctica became the setting of one of the 8 Greatest Adventure Stories Ever Told .
PowerPoint presentations have achieved a reputation for leaving their audiences more confused than when they started , but that has n't hindered their widespread adoption in the business and academic worlds .
That may not be an entirely bad thing , as a poor presenter can screw up in almost any medium , while some studies have suggested that presentation software can be a more effective teaching tool than things like overhead projections .
What has n't been clear is whether all the capabilities provided by presentation software are useful and , if so , whether they are being used in a way that 's conducive to learning .
A study in the International Journal of Innovation and Learning has now looked into how animations influence student comprehension , and suggests that they should be used cautiously .
Animations can be used in a variety of contexts within a presentation , but one of the most common is to simply control the rate at which information appears to students .
So , for example , on a slide dedicated to discussing four aspects of a given topic , the relevant text and images can be made to appear gradually , so that each aspect is discussed thoroughly before the next even appears .
The alternative , dumping all the information to the screen at once , and then working through it verbally , would seem to have the potential to distract and overwhelm the audience .
So , this seems to be a situation where animation should clearly help .
Seems turns out to be the key word in that sentence , at least according to the study .
The authors created a single PowerPoint presentation , and then eliminated the animations from it ( on average , there were 3.4 animations per slide ) .
They then recorded a single sound track and synched it to both presentations , so that the class would be identical except for the animations .
Five weeks before the experiment , the class was given a quiz on the topic to provide a baseline assessment of knowledge on the topic ( which was information security and privacy issues ) ; the quiz was given a second time following the presentation .
Both presentations dramatically improved the students ' scores , which were a bit below 40 percent correct in the first administration of the quiz .
But the animated presentation brought scores up to 71 percent , while the animation - free version got them to 82 percent .
Of the nine questions , only one saw the animated group outperform their static peers .
This is n't a complete shock , as the authors cite a study that indicated that presentations containing irrelevant pictures or sounds ( we 're looking at you , corporate PowerPoint templates ) can also decrease student comprehension .
The surprise is that animations that are intended to increase focus can be just as distracting .
Note the " can " in that sentence , however — the differences between the scores of the two groups ranged from insignificant to nearly 25 percent , so it 's clear that animation is n't uniformly harmful to learning , a point the authors themselves note in the discussion .
The problem , they suggest , is that PowerPoint made its way into the classroom well in advance of our understanding of how best to use it .
The authors point out that we 've actually got a well elaborated set of theories of learning , meaning we understand how children absorb and integrate knowledge , and we can use that to help determine how best to teach .
But the early technology adopters are n't always the ones who understand educational approaches , so we tend to have to clean up messes after the fact .
Another recent discussion of technology in education pointed out that we 've now reached the point where a lot of instructional material is visual , but our tests are still static , text - based affairs , and the mismatch might help explain some of these results .
In a class I taught several years ago , I 'd initially relied on animations to explain a temporal process in which a collection of proteins gradually assembled to perform a task .
But I gradually realized that the students were downloading the PDF of my lecture and printing it to use for study aid — again , the static - animation mismatch was causing more problems than the animation solved during the lecture , and I gradually changed my approach .
In the end , part of what the study points out is what should be obvious for anyone doing a presentation : think carefully about what you 're doing , and make sure it does n't have anything extraneous to the task at hand .
The real surprise is that the control of information through animations may be extraneous in many contexts .
International Journal of Innovation and Learning , 2009 .
DOI not yet available .
Nestle USA , which is under investigation over its cookie dough , refused to give Food and Drug Administration inspectors documents on pest - control and other issues , according to the Wall Street Journal .
A WSJ report today says inspection reports covering the past five years show that officials at the company 's Danville , Va. plant , which made the suspect dough , " refused to allow a Food and Drug Administration inspector to review consumer complaints or inspect its program designed to prevent food contamination . "
The WSJ goes on to say that " the inspector found dirty equipment and ' three live anti-like insects ' on a ledge but nothing severe enough to give the plant a failing grade . "
The company said in a statement that " Nestle simply provided the FDA with all information required under the law . "
The company said that practice was " standard within the food industry . "
The company closed the Danville plant last week after federal officials linked Nestle Toll House cookie dough to an outbreak of E. coli O157:H7 .
The bacterium , which is usually found in cattle feces , can cause severe illness or even death .
No one has died in the outbreak but nearly 70 have been sickened , including 34 who were hospitalized and nine who developed kidney failure .
Oregon has one confirmed case -- a Gresham teenager who was severely sick for three weeks but appears to be fully recovered .
Federal officials are inspecting the Danville facility , looking for clues as to how E. coli O157:H7 , which is usually associated with cattle feces , could have gotten into the dough .
Nestle says it has never found the bacterium in any of its products .
For more information , check the FDA Web site at www.FDA.gov.
The CDC Web site is at www.CDC.gov.
-- Lynne Terry ; lynneterry@news.oregonian.com
When a suburban mother turns to dealing marijuana in order to maintain her privileged lifestyle after her husband dies , she finds out just how addicted her entire neighborhood already is .
The Reddit API allows you to access the user submitted and rated stories on reddit.com .
It also provides advanced functionality , including user account information and sub-reddit moderation .
The use of magnetic pulses to stimulate the dorsal premotor cortex ( PMd ) region of the brain results in an improved ability to learn a skilled motor task .
Researchers show that skilled movements can be stored as memories in the PMd and that magnetic stimulation of this area can facilitate this learning process .
Lara Boyd and Meghan Linsdell , from the University of British Columbia , studied the effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation of the PMd on the ability of 30 volunteers to track a target on a computer screen using a joystick .
During the task , the target would move randomly , then enter a programmed pattern and finally return to moving randomly .
The participants were not aware of the repeated section , believing that movements were random throughout .
The volunteers received four days of training , during which they were either given excitatory stimulation , inhibitory stimulation or sham stimulation immediately before practicing the motor task .
The volunteers were not aware which group they were in .
On the fifth day , they were tested to see how well they had learned the task .
By comparing the improvements between the random and repeated sections of the task , the researchers were able to separate the general improvement due to practice from the learned motor memory of the repeated section .
Those participants who had received the excitatory stimulation were significantly better than the other groups at tracking the target during the repeated section of the test .
They showed no significant difference in improvement during the random sections .
The researchers conclude , " Our data support the hypothesis that the PMd is important for continuous motor learning , specifically via off - line consolidation of learned motor behaviors " .
Sitzen Sie gerade in einem Bürostuhl , während Sie dies lesen ?
Gut für Sie .
Es besteht eine gute Chance , dass Sie sich in einer Leseposition befinden , etwas zurückgelehnt , entspannt , mit den Füßen auf dem Tisch .
Der Grund für diese Überlegung liegt in der Vielseitigkeit und Leistungsfähigkeit des Bürostuhls , wenn er im Gaming Stuhl verwendet wird .
Sicher , ...
‘ Former Clinton adviser ’ clings to his 15 minutes
Apparently Fox News tele - pundit and GOP cheerleader , Dick Morris , thinks the only way people will consider him relevant is if he tells everyone that he was once an adviser to President Bill Clinton .
What Morris — or anyone introducing him at Fox News — fails to mention , is the reason his stint as a top Clinton adviser ended so abruptly ; he was involved with a D.C. prostitute and even ( allegedly ) let her listen - in on private conversations he was having with President Clinton .
[ social_buttons ]
I am not denying that Morris at one time held a very important position and had a tremendous amount of influence .
Rather , I am suggesting that Mr. Morris should stick to what he knows best ; bashing Bill and Hillary Clinton .
In stead , Morris has now transposed his hatred of the Clintons and his apparent need for retribution onto President Obama , whom he attacks in his new book , Catastrophe ( a book that is being sold at Amazon for almost half - off its cover price just one week after being published ) .
With some apparent insight into the current political machinations in the Democratic Party , Morris told Fox News ’ Sean Hannity , “ The number who voted for it [ Waxman - Markey ] is a pre-ordained conclusion . ”
Morris then made use of now - familiar GOP fear - mongering tactics and rehashed the overblown estimates of the cost of the climate bill .
The only “ expert ” Morris sites in his McCarthy - esque incitation was former United Nations representative in the George W. Bush administration , John Bolton .
Bolton , though he was the de-facto representative to the U.N. , despises the institution and warns that any climate policy ( national or international ) is really only a mechanism for the transfer of wealth from the countries of the industrialized North to the less - developed South .
There are lots of reasons not to take Dick Morris seriously , not the least of which are that he has big trouble interpreting data and that he apparently has the ability to see into the future .
I get it ; the guy wants to sell books .
But I ca n’t take Morris seriously because he cannot separate his emotional bias from his ( in ) ability to tell the truth .
Mr. Morris , I know you ’re dying to stay relevant , however , I think your fifteen minutes are up .
Follow Tim Hurst on twitter
Lin­da Valverde was an insur­ance admin­is­tra­tor for 20 years .
She nev­er expect­ed to live in Los Ange­les ’ Skid Row .
Nei­ther did Michelle Autry , a dancer and writer who grew up in Los Ange­les and Sacra­men­to , Calif. , and speaks five lan­guages .
Joe Thomas , a Viet­nam War vet­er­an born in Spring­field , Ill. , also did n’t plan to live in a sin­gle room occu­pan­cy ( SRO ) hotel in the area .
The Safer Cities Initiative has succeeded in keeping poor people off the streets .
The vast majority of the 12,000 police citations issued in the first year of the program were for jaywalking .
But these three peo­ple , along with dozens of oth­er Skid Row res­i­dents , are mak­ing big changes in their com­mu­ni­ty .
They are all mem­bers of an orga­ni­za­tion of poor peo­ple called Los Ange­les Com­mu­ni­ty Action Net­work ( LACAN ) , a non­prof­it orga­ni­za­tion fund­ed by a vari­ety of foun­da­tions , indi­vid­u­als and the state of Cal­i­for­nia .
This racial­ly diverse group of men and women are fight­ing against gen­tri­fi­ca­tion , the abus­es of land­lords and hotel own­ers , and the city of Los Ange­les .
Sur­pris­ing­ly , they have scored real victories .
For Los Ange­les ’ devel­op­ers , Skid Row – or , as it is more polite­ly called , Cen­tral City East – is a poten­tial bonan­za , locat­ed a half mile north­west of down­town and a stone ’s throw from City Hall and the Coun­ty Hall of Admin­is­tra­tion .
Until recent­ly , devel­op­ers could eas­i­ly con­vert a sin­gle - room occu­pan­cy hotel into mul­ti­ple con­do­mini­um units sell­ing at $ 1 mil­lion each .
In 2002 , the city of Los Ange­les , in alliance with busi­ness inter­ests , intro­duced a rede­vel­op­ment plan .
It called for the elim­i­na­tion of close to 4,000 units of low - income hous­ing in Cen­tral City East .
Despite the large pop­u­la­tion of African - Amer­i­cans in the neigh­bor­hood , the real - estate indus­try mar­ket­ed down­town ​ “ lux­u­ry lofts ” with ads that dis­played afflu­ent white peo­ple and the occa­sion­al Asian .
Busi­ness lead­ers and city offi­cials pro­claimed the plan ’s benev­o­lence , play­ing on the stig­ma of Skid Row .
Los Ange­les May­or Anto­nio Vil­laraigosa often stat­ed that rede­vel­op­ment and remov­ing peo­ple from the streets would ​ “ pro­tect ” the poor from drug deal­ers and oth­ers who ​ “ prey ” on the home­less .
Oth­er offi­cials claimed push­ing poor and home­less peo­ple out of Skid Row would make the rest of the city take their ​ “ fair share ” of social problems .
It can be dif­fi­cult to grasp that areas that are not pret­ty , like Skid Row , are home to peo­ple .
​ “ I feel like I fit in here , no one judged me when I came to this com­mu­ni­ty .
I relat­ed to it , espe­cial­ly the women , ” Valverde says .
​ “ They are here like me because of ill­ness , death .
They had careers before they came here . ”
Nation­wide , local gov­ern­ments rarely main­tain neigh­bor­hoods where SROs have his­tor­i­cal­ly been the only thing stand­ing between poor peo­ple and the street .
Social sci­en­tists have doc­u­ment­ed that the loss of this form of hous­ing in the late ​ ’70s led to an increase in home­less­ness .
Exploit­ing the belief that Skid Row res­i­dents were indi­gent – even though peo­ple have lived in the area for years – Los Ange­les banked on the idea that no one would care .
Nei­ther the busi­ness com­mu­ni­ty nor the city antic­i­pat­ed opposition .
Unlike­ly victories
LACAN fought against the pro­posed con­ver­sion of the SROs into lofts .
In a cam­paign marked by intense polit­i­cal pres­sure and coali­tion build­ing , they scored their first vic­to­ry in 2006 , when the city coun­cil passed a mora­to­ri­um on hous­ing con­ver­sions .
In May 2008 , the coun­cil passed a res­i­den­tial hotel preser­va­tion ordi­nance , which pro­tects 19,000 hous­ing units from demo­li­tion or con­ver­sion into more upscale accommodations .
“ If it was n’t for LACAN , [ the devel­op­ers and police ] would have swept down­town L.A. clean , ” says Gen­er­al Dogon , a mid­dle - aged African - Amer­i­can man who has lived his whole life in Cen­tral City East .
LACAN ’s defense of Skid Row res­i­dents also focus­es on the con­di­tions with­in indi­vid­ual SROs .
The group mon­i­tors for abus­es , such as churn­ing ( oth­er­wise known as the ​ “ 28 - day shuf­fle ” ) , in which hotel own­ers demand res­i­dents leave after 28 days to pre­vent them from obtain­ing legal pro­tec­tions grant­ed to ten­ants .
LACAN stopped such ille­gal evic­tions at the Fron­tier Hotel between 2002 and 2005 .
At the Alexan­dria , anoth­er SRO , the group won resti­tu­tion against the own­ers who dis­crim­i­nat­ed against minor­i­ty res­i­dents and the disabled .
Deb­bie Bur­ton , a LACAN orga­niz­er , moved to Skid Row in 2000 from the Watts neigh­bor­hood locat­ed in South Cen­tral Los Ange­les .
She talks about the iso­la­tion of liv­ing in a hotel .
​ “ I was in this one room and see­ing no one doing any­thing about prob­lems , ” she says .
​ “ When I got involved with LACAN I spent time observ­ing and open­ing my eyes to issues like afford­able hous­ing and to … abuse toward every­one in our community . ”
War on the homeless
But just as the orga­ni­za­tion suc­ceed­ed in pre­serv­ing the neigh­bor­hood , May­or Vil­laraigosa and Police Chief William Brat­ton launched the Safer Cities Ini­tia­tive .
Pre­sent­ed as a crime con­trol mea­sure , the city deployed a mas­sive police force to Skid Row and out­lawed sleep­ing or stand­ing in the street .
The ini­tia­tive was approved in 2006 , imme­di­ate­ly after the city coun­cil passed the mora­to­ri­um on SRO con­ver­sion , notes Steve Diaz , a com­mu­ni­ty orga­niz­er who grew up in a hotel in Skid Row .
​ “ It was a planned ini­tia­tive , an effort to clear the neigh­bor­hood , ” Diaz says .
The Safer Cities Ini­tia­tive has par­tial­ly suc­ceed­ed in keep­ing poor peo­ple off the streets .
Accord­ing to a report released by the UCLA Law School , ​“ Polic­ing Our Way out of Home­less­ness , ” as many as 125 addi­tion­al offi­cers were used to round up the home­less and push oth­er low­er - income peo­ple off the streets .
Accord­ing to the UCLA report , dur­ing the first year of the ini­tia­tive , there were 750 more arrests per month than the year before in the same area .
The vast major­i­ty of the 12,000 cita­tions issued in the first year of the mea­sure , from Sep­tem­ber 2006 to August 2007 , were for jay­walk­ing .
This is no minor incon­ve­nience for the poor – fines can be as high as $ 159 .
Because many peo­ple can­not pay the tick­et or are unable to secure legal help , pedes­tri­an vio­la­tions often lead to arrests .
The Amer­i­can Civ­il Lib­er­ties Union of South­ern Cal­i­for­nia con­firmed res­i­dents ’ charges that cross­walk times were reduced in Cen­tral City East , mak­ing it impos­si­ble for a dis­abled or elder­ly per­son to cross the street in the allot­ted time .
Abus­es have also includ­ed phys­i­cal attacks by the police on peo­ple who refuse to move and seizures of the prop­er­ty of the homeless .
Pete White , LACAN ’s co-direc­tor , tells the sto­ry of a home­less woman who began scream­ing at the cops when they seized her belong­ings , which includ­ed the urn con­tain­ing her mother ’s ash­es .
Accord­ing to White , the LAPD met her con­cern with laughter .
Although the Los Ange­les police denied bru­tal­i­ty , Police Chief Brat­ton told the Los Ange­les Times on Octo­ber 4 , 2007 , ​ “ Is there dis­place­ment ?
Cer­tain­ly .
But what ’s wrong with that in some respects ? …
So if there is dis­place­ment , [ it ’s ] all well and good . ”
The UCLA study , as well as Steve Lopez at the Los Ange­les Times , esti­mate that due to the intim­i­da­tion and arrests , 1,500 few­er peo­ple now live in Skid Row .
LACAN has respond­ed to the city ’s ordi­nances by form­ing a com­mu­ni­ty watch pro­gram , train­ing res­i­dents in how to han­dle the police , hold­ing numer­ous demon­stra­tions and fil­ing law­suits .
On March 11 , after find­ing city pro­ce­dures exhaust­ed , the group filed a civ­il rights com­plaint with the U.S. Depart­ment of Justice .
“ Down­town used to be a dense com­mu­ni­ty , now there is no live­li­ness .
Now it ’s blank streets , ” com­mu­ni­ty orga­niz­er Diaz says .
​ “ You walk and see no one .
You used to see peo­ple around – friends and neigh­bors . ”
Yet he said the new­found sol­i­dar­i­ty between the res­i­dents against the police has ​“ brought the idea of resis­tance to a dif­fer­ent lev­el , cre­at­ing a new culture . ”
GET INVOLVED :
530
90013
213
228
0024
What is data and what makes it powerful ?
We first found out how powerful data was during the Second World War .
But what actually is it ?
Jem shows us by building his own massive hard drive .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
FILLMORE --
A former mayor , LDS bishop and high school teacher in Fillmore has been arrested on charges of having sex with a 17 - year - old girl .
Keith Gillins was booked into jail Monday night after the student came forward with the allegations .
News of the arrest comes after weeks of rumors in Fillmore .
Still , it is shocking for residents of the small town to hear that the well - known 61 - year - old coach , teacher , religious leader and former mayor of the city was arrested .
" He is well - known .
He 's done a lot of good .
He 's a good man , and it is upsetting to the community and the parents and the students and everybody .
It 's upsetting to everybody , " said Millard County Sheriff Robert Dekker .
Charging documents state the crimes occurred in November of last year , but investigators are looking at the possibility of other encounters .
" The case is still being investigated .
There are other people who need to be interviewed .
The investigation needs to go much further , we just felt like this was the time that we needed to bring him into custody and let it go from there , " Dekker said .
It was a relationship that police say was cultivated through the exchange of text messages .
A high school student who did n't want to be identified told KSL the teacher and student frequently flirted at school .
" She would kind of always go in his room .
He never let anyone go in his back room , but he would always let her .
So , I do n't know , like you could kind of tell .
But it was surprising , just because he was a teacher and , you know ? " the student said .
Gillins faces two third - degree felonies of unlawful sexual conduct with a 17 - year - old .
He posted bail Tuesday afternoon and was released from jail .
He is scheduled to face the charges in court Wednesday morning .
E-mail : spenrod@ksl.com
×
The story sparked calls for better sex education for Britain 's young people Alfie Patten , the boy who was reported to have fathered a child when he was 12 years old , is not the baby 's father , DNA tests have shown .
Alfie , now 13 , from Eastbourne in East Sussex , told a national newspaper in February that he believed he had made his 15 - year - old girlfriend pregnant .
But the tests established in March that a 15 - year - old boy from Eastbourne is the father of Chantelle Stedman 's baby .
The results of the DNA tests have been made public following a judge 's ruling .
The judgement also reveals that Alfie was " extremely distressed " about the results of the test .
' Children having children '
The real father of the baby is not being named by the BBC but an interview with his own father conducted in February , before DNA tests had confirmed his identity , has been broadcast .
In it , the teenager 's father , himself a single parent , says his son would have to stand by his responsibilities .
FROM BBC RADIO 5 LIVE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC Radio 5 live " You ca n't just leave the mother to bring it up on her own with the parents , even if it 's only a matter of giving them money every now and again , " he told BBC Radio 5 Live 's Victoria Derbyshire show .
" I 've also said to him , if it comes to it , and it is his , he has to have his responsibilities , and I do n't mind playing the dutiful grandfather . "
He added that he had no idea his son was having sex , saying he was too embarrassed to talk to him about it .
Pictures of Alfie , holding the baby he believed to be his newborn daughter , caused a furore when they were published in the Sun in February and renewed calls for better sex education in Britain .
Politicians were moved to speak out about the case .
Tory leader David Cameron said he found the sight of " children having children " extremely worrying .
And Children 's Secretary Ed Balls said it was an " awful " and " unusual " case .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NYSE Euronext said Wednesday its public
Web site , NYSE.com , was the target of a cyber attack , according to authorities .
" NYSE Euronext has been informed by authorities that its public Website , NYSE.com , has been the subject of a ' denial of service ' attack .
To date , NYSE.com has not experienced any impact , which may be the result of its security design , " the company said .
The incident has not and could not impact the trading and data systems of NYSE Euronext markets , which operate on private networks , the company said .
However , shares of NYSE Euronext shares hit session lows , falling about 5 percent on the news .
The company said it is continuing to work with authorities .
The cyber attack on the exchange 's Web site follows several technology - related incidents at the exchange last week .
Among these incidents was an erroneous notice of delisting for American International Group and an issue with the trading systems that required trading to be extended by 15 minutes last Thursday .
CNBC contacted other exchanges and did not hear of any similar problems .
Both CME Group and Nasdaq said they did not have a problem , and a spokesperson at NYMEX was not immediately available .
In November 2008 , Caroline Moore , a 14 - year - old student from upstate New York , discovered a supernova in a nearby galaxy , making her the youngest person ever to do so .
Additional observations determined that the object , called SN 2008 ha , is a new type of stellar explosion , 1000 times more powerful than a nova but 1000 times less powerful than a supernova .
Astronomers say that it may be the weakest supernova ever seen .
Even though this explosion was a weakling compared to most supernovae , for a short time SN 2008 ha was 25 million times brighter than the sun .
However , since it is 70 million light years away , it appeared very faint viewed from Earth .
The peculiar object effectively bridged the gap between a nova ( a nuclear explosion on the surface of an old , compact star called a white dwarf ) and a type Ia supernova ( the destructive death of a white dwarf caused by a runaway nuclear reaction starting deep in the star ) .
SN 2008 ha likely was a failed supernova where the explosion was unable to destroy the entire star .
" If a normal supernova is a nuclear bomb , then SN 2008 ha is a bunker buster , " said team leader Ryan Foley , Clay fellow at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics and first author on the paper reporting the findings .
" From one perspective , this supernova was an underachiever , however you still would n't want be anywhere near the star when it exploded . "
Caroline was able to discover the object using a relatively small telescope , but some of the most advanced telescopes in the world were needed to determine the nature of the explosion .
Data came from the Magellan telescopes in Chile , the MMT telescope in Arizona , the Gemini and Keck telescopes in Hawaii , and NASA 's Swift satellite .
In typical supernova explosions , light from different chemical elements ( such as calcium or iron ) is smeared out across the electromagnetic spectrum by the Doppler effect ( the same principle that makes a police siren change pitch as it passes ) .
Because the ejected bits of the star were " only " moving at 4.5 million miles per hour ( compared to 22 million miles per hour for a typical supernova ) , the light was n't as smeared out , allowing the team to analyze the composition of the explosion to a new precision .
" You can imagine many ways for a star to explode that might resemble SN 2008ha , " said Robert Kirshner , Clowes Professor of Science at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics .
" It could have been a massive star suddenly collapsing to form a black hole , with very little energy leaking out .
But it looks a lot like its brighter cousins , which we think are nuclear explosion of white dwarfs .
Maybe this one was an explosion of that general type , just much , much weaker . "
One reason astronomers have n't seen this type of explosion before might be because they are so faint .
" SN 2008 ha was a really wimpy explosion , " said Alex Filippenko , leader of the University of California , Berkeley supernova group , which monitors thousands of relatively nearby galaxies with a robotic telescope at Lick Observatory in California .
But a new generation of telescopes and instruments is beginning to search greater distances than ever before , effectively monitoring millions of galaxies .
Foley 's team concludes that hundreds of this type of event may be spotted in the next few years .
" Coincidentally , the youngest person to ever discover a supernova found one of the most peculiar and interesting supernovae ever , " remarked Filippenko .
" This shows that no matter what your age , anyone can make a significant contribution to our understanding of the Universe . "
Other coauthors of the paper are Ryan Chornock , Mohan Ganeshalingam , Weidong Li , Bradley Cenko , Maryam Modjaz , and Jeffrey Silverman of UC Berkeley , Peter Challis and Andrew Friedman of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics , and Michael Wood - Vasey of the University of Pittsburgh .
The research was supported in part by the National Science Foundation , the Sylvia and Jim Katzman Foundation , and the TABASGO Foundation .
WASHINGTON 
In nearly four months in office , President Obama has pursued a careful two - pronged strategy on abortion , enacting policies that secure a woman ’s right to the procedure while vowing to move beyond the culture wars that have divided the nation on the issue for more than three decades .
Now , Mr. Obama is suddenly in the thick of the battle he had hoped to transcend , and his delicate balancing act is being put to the test .
The confluence of two events  his commencement speech on Sunday at the University of Notre Dame , in Indiana , and his forthcoming choice of a candidate to replace Justice David H. Souter , who is retiring from the Supreme Court  threaten to upend Mr. Obama ’s effort to “ tamp down some of the anger ” over abortion , as he said in a news conference last month , and to distract from his other domestic priorities , like health care .
The invitation from Notre Dame , a Roman Catholic institution , has riled opponents of abortion , who object to giving such a platform to a supporter of abortion rights .
The local bishop has vowed to boycott the ceremony .
Some graduating seniors are planning to protest it .
Conservatives , frustrated by what they regard as Mr. Obama ’s skillful efforts to paint himself as a moderate , are all over the airwaves denouncing him as “ the most radical , pro-abortion of any American president , ” as Newt Gingrich , a former House speaker , said on Fox News .
Let 's take a look at 3 Ruby tools that help cut down on some of the yak shaving involved in creating and deploying Ruby projects .
The first step in a project 's life is the creation : setting up a directory and creating the basic files such as the Rakefile , Gems metadata , and more .
Hoe automates all of these steps .
After installation ( sudo gem install hoe ) , creating a project is easy :
sow my_project_name
creates a new project , directory and all the necessary files , set up with the project name .
More importantly , the project 's set up with tasks that automate various processes such as building the Gem , pushing it to RubyForge , announce the release , and more .
A list of tasks can be seen by running
rake -- describe
in the project directory .
Hoe can be configured in the project 's Rakefile :
Hoe.new('my_project_name , my_project_name:: VERSION ) do |p| # config options as Ruby code end
Hoe 2.0.0 was recently released with some improvements , eg. it 's now extensible with modules .
After the project 's set up it 's time to write the code - hopefully with with sufficient documentation .
Ruby developers are familiar with RDoc , but a competitor is available with YARD .
YARD offers extensibility and Javadoc - style annotations for Ruby code .
While development ( YARD Github repository ) was slow according to its developer , the new release brings some improvements .
One of the changes of the 0.2.3 release is a new way to parse Ruby code .
Tools like RDoc or YARD need to parse Ruby code to find out the classes , methods and other aspects in the Ruby source code .
While YARD still uses its home grown Ruby parser on 1.8.x , on Ruby 1.9. x it now uses Ripper to get the AST from Ruby source code .
Using Ripper brings more performance and accuracy of the parsing results ( writing a complete Ruby parser from scratch takes a while - Ripper provides access to the parse tree used in the Ruby VM ) .
Finally - when a project 's deployed , it can be necessary to set up or modify repeating tasks .
The tool of choice , on Unix systems , is cron .
Creating entries in cron 's crontab file them can now be automated with a bit of Ruby code using Whenever .
Whenever is configured using the same approach to embedded DSLs as Rake , Hoe and others .
An example from the Whenever Wiki :
every 2.days , :at => ' 4:30 am ' do command " /usr/bin/my_great_command "
end
is translated to a cron entry :
30 4 1,3,5,7,9,11,13,15,17,19,21,23,25,27,29,31 * * /usr/bin/my_great_command
DIGITAL PR
Digital PR and traditional PR share one goal in common , which is to help improve a client 's reputation and increase their visibility among members of their target audience .
Our tactic increase clients online presence through building relationships with key content writers and online journalists to gain press hits , or citations , and high quality backlinks .
Ok , I rarely do plugs like this , but I found multiple references to these photos on Stumble Upon and they are truly amazing .
I ’m sure I wo n’t be the only one .
Voyez plutôt .
Thierry Legault , a French ( cocorico ) astrophotographer , has managed to take incredible photos of the space shuttle Atlantis during its transit in the company of Hubble in front of the sun .
He shoots with photo and astronomy gear that is quite beyond my understanding , except for the Canon 5D Mark II , camera of my dreams .
The pictures were taken from Florida a few days ago , and they leave me speechless .
Imagine that the transit durations were 0.8 seconds for the image of Atlantis and Hubble on his web site ( altitude : 600 km ) and 0.3 seconds for the image below which is a crop ( altitude : 250 km ) !
Go visit his site , it ’s well worth it .
Of course , Thierry could use the help of a good web designer , mais , bon , personne n’est parfait … ;-)
Astor Cube Results
We could n't have been happier !
Here are a whole bunch of pictures of the Astor Place Rubik 's Cube from many angles :
The thing was humongous !
And because it's in the middle of a really large interestection , people could see it from really far away .
At this point it was almost 6 am .
We headed back to Ben's for a quick shower and then to Starbucks for a Grande Toffee Nut Latte Macchiato .
The Starbucks is right next to the cube , so we sat there for 2.5 hours , watching thousands of people marvel at the cube on their way to work .
Many thanks to our peeps who stayed up all night to help us pull this off .
Could n't have done it without you .
Epilogue The Rubik 's Cube stayed up for the entire day .
It got a small amount of grafitti which was to be expected given the usual crowds that hang out there , but it was n't too bad .
At around 5 pm , I was curious if it was still up since I had n't heard from anyone for a while .
I called Starbucks :
SB : Starbucks .
How may I help you .
Ben : Hi .
Is there a really big Rubik 's Cube outside ?
SB : There sure is .
Ben :
Thanks .
Bye .
It stayed up through evening rush hour , when people seemed waaay more excited about it than they did at 6:30 am on their way to work .
It was pretty awesome .
But then around 8 pm a strange thing happen .
A van from the NYC maintenance department ( or something like that ) pulled up and two men stepped out and proceeded to powerwash everything off the cube !
Disaster !
Oh well .
It lasted long enough to make us all really happy , which is all you can really ask for , no ?
It got through a morning and an evening rush hour , so pretty much everyone who was going to see it , did so .
Huge !
Back to the Astor Cube Back to pranks
They were dancing in the streets : " An old man blared on a trumpet , policemen danced in the back of their pickup trucks , and a singer , " reported the Los Angeles Times , " trilled in a city park , all to celebrate the new era . "
A description of what happened when we invaded and " liberated " a nation groaning under the boot of Saddam Hussein and his Ba’athist Party dictatorship ?
Guess again .
Remember how the neocons told us that we’d be greeted as " liberators " by Iraqis dancing in the streets – well , there was indeed dancing , but it did n’t occur until we announced our supposedly imminent departure .
Over 4,000 American deaths – and hundreds of thousands of Iraqi casualties – later , the U.S. has announced that it is leaving , albeit not quite yet .
We ’re withdrawing from Iraqi population centers and moving the troops to less visible – but perhaps more vulnerable – positions out in the country .
This is the beginning of a phased withdrawal slated to culminate in a total absence of any U.S. " combat " troops after 2011 .
It ca n’t happen fast enough as far as the Iraqis are concerned .
Thousands packed a park in Baghdad , gathering to honor the reestablishment of Iraqi sovereignty , and a popular singer spoke for virtually all when he sang a song composed especially for the occasion .
" To the stage came famed singer Salah Hassan , who had left the country a decade ago but returned for the big party .
The crowd roared in approval .
The audience held cell phones aloft to snap photos as he crooned : ‘ Iraq is loyal to us … the people of Iraq love their country . ’ "
But do they love their " liberators " ?
One participant , a professor of agricultural studies , expressed what is undoubtedly the majority opinion in his country : " Enough killing , " he told the Times , " enough torture .
It ’s time for us to live in peace to seek our interests .
We hope that everyone will realize this and let us start a new stage and solve our problems ourselves . "
The professor ’s hopes are already being dashed , however , as tensions – and tempers – flare between the " former " occupiers and the Iraqi government .
With Iran in Washington ’s cross-hairs , Tehran ’s growing influence in Iraqi politics and society is seen by U.S. policymakers as a growing threat , and there have been renewed accusations by American military commanders that Iranian - trained - and - supported " special groups " are attacking U.S. troops .
These new allegations came the moment the Iraqis started taking the U.S. withdrawal pledge seriously .
The day after the festivities , the Iraqi high command issued what the Washington Post described as a " curt " missive to their U.S. counterparts : no more joint patrols , and please run supply convoys only at night .
This , according to the Post , is " a new reading " of the U.S. - Iraq status of forces agreement ( SOFA ) , yet perhaps the folks at the Post have trouble understanding the plain and simple English text of the agreement , which says that , while Iraq is requesting military assistance from the U.S. , " all such military operations that are carried out pursuant to this agreement shall be conducted with the agreement of the government of Iraq . "
Furthermore , such operations " shall be fully coordinated with Iraqi authorities " – including , presumably , Iraqi military authorities .
But the Americans are n’t swallowing it , as the Post reports :
" The Americans have been taken aback by the new restrictions on their activities .
The Iraqi order runs ‘ contrary to the spirit and practice of our last several months of operations , ’ Maj. Gen. Daniel P. Bolger , commander of the Baghdad division , wrote in an e-mail obtained by the Washington Post .
“ ‘ Maybe something was " lost in translation , " ’ Bolger wrote .
‘ We are not going to hide our support role in the city .
I ’m sorry the Iraqi politicians lied / dissembled / spun , but we are not invisible nor should we be . ’
He said U.S. troops intend to engage in combat operations in urban areas to avert or respond to threats , with or without help from the Iraqis .
“ ‘ This is a broad right and it demands that we patrol , raid , and secure routes as necessary to keep our forces safe , ’ he wrote .
‘ We ’ll do that , preferably partnered . ’ "
If President Obama is serious about getting out of Iraq , and if he truly respects Iraqi sovereignty – if his ascension to the presidency is really all about changing our imperial foreign policy – then Gen .
Bolger should be called on the carpet and summarily canned .
It has n’t happened , and it wo n’t happen , for the simple reason that Iraqi sovereignty is a myth as long as the U.S. occupation force remains .
The fact that a single U.S. commander can unilaterally decide to break the SOFA and essentially tell the Iraqis to go screw themselves indicates that the American Raj is not ready to withdraw just yet .
Was withdrawal from Iraq just another campaign promise , made to be broken – like Obama ’s pledges on government secrecy and other civil liberties issues ?
The president ’s record , so far , does not bode well for an answer in the negative .
This administration of self - proclaimed " pragmatists " has no problem dispensing with principles and promises when it ’s convenient .
And it is decidedly inconvenient to be getting out of Iraq at the very moment we are ratcheting up pressure on our new adversary in the region : Iran .
News reports from Iraq are today routinely framed in terms of a developing conflict with Iran , expressed in terms of alleged Iranian " interference " in Iraq ’s internal affairs – an odd accusation indeed coming from the government of a nation that has occupied Iraq for the last seven years !
The Iranians are supposedly backing " special groups , " shadowy organizations that seem to split and coalesce like microscopic amoebae .
The Post informs us :
" The three primary groups – Asaib al - Haq , Khataib Hezbollah , and the Promised Day Brigades – emerged from the ‘ special groups ’ of the Jaish al - Mahdi ( JAM ) militia of radical Iraqi Shi’ite cleric Moqtada al - Sadr , which terrorized Baghdad and southern Iraq beginning in 2006 .
All receive training , funding , and direction from Iran ’s Revolutionary Guard Corps Quds Force . "
There is something just a little bit fishy about this narrative , which is accepted at face value by the Post and , presumably , its influential though shrinking readership .
The ultra-nationalistic followers of Sadr have always been militantly anti-Iranian : this is the last group supposed Iranian operatives would approach for support .
As for Asaib al - Haq , this news story about the release of one of its leaders as part of an administration effort at " reconciliation " with the group throws a rather large monkeywrench into the official narrative .
Republicans charge the release was an instance of the Obamaites " negotiating with terrorists , " in exchange for two British captives held since 2007 .
The administration maintains that this had nothing to do with the hostages – who were killed , anyway – and that it ’s all about " reconciliation . "
And where do these rumors of negotiating with terrorists come from ?
The Telegraph reports :
" Tommy Vietor , a White House spokesman , said that ‘ these rumors ’ of a hostage deal came from Iranian - backed insurgent factions .
‘ We do not negotiate with terrorists and we did not negotiate with terrorists in this case , ’ he said . "
No matter which party they ’re in , whether they ’re in Congress , the Pentagon , or the White House itself , in Washington they all blame the Iranians .
Funny how that works .
Yet if the administration is claiming to be " reconciling " with Asaib al - Haq by releasing its leaders from custody , why is the White House simultaneously denouncing them as rumor - mongering Iranian agents ?
Or could it be that Asaib al - Haq is not Iranian - backed , and it ’s the real Iranian - backed " insurgents " who are behind this whispering campaign – which has even found its echoes in the U.S. Senate ?
These people have the gall to blame Tehran when it comes to the utter and complete disaster that is " Operation Iraqi Freedom . "
Yet Iraq has no freedom , nor has the country even been reconstituted , and the Iranians have little if anything to do with it .
Kurdish Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani recently averred that the chances of war with Baghdad are pretty good .
Bombings are a routine occurrence , with this or that shadowy group claiming responsibility .
The Sunni fundamentalists are on the march , again , after having been gulled by the Americans into the " Awakening " – and then handed over to the tender mercies of the Shi’ite regime .
And Iraq ’s relations with Iran have been increasingly close , with mutual visits by top government officials and promises of economic and diplomatic cooperation .
This last , of course , was the inevitable result of the invasion and the dissolution of the fiercely secular Ba’athist ruling elite .
The Shi’ite majority simply reasserted itself , and Iraq ’s importance as the historical center of the Shi’ite faith makes it a natural ally of Tehran .
If we take the SOFA and Obama ’s public statements at face value , the U.S. will be out of Iraq by 2011 – yet the agreement has at least one prominent escape hatch , and the president in whose hands its execution rests has a proclivity for slipping out the back door .
Furthermore , if the U.S. means to confront Iran on all sides and squeeze the Iranians until they scream – and that , I ’m afraid , is precisely what ’s in the cards – then we cannot even begin to contemplate getting out of Iraq any time soon .
Analysts have been skeptical all along of Obama ’s promise to withdraw according to a fixed timetable .
It looks to me like their pessimism is rapidly being confirmed .
And do n’t forget about that " residual " " support " group , the one that is n’t supposed to engage in combat operations directly : expect it to grow over the coming months and years – and take on a distinctly combative character .
Advertisements
On his radio show today , Rush Limbaugh criticized Sheppard Smith for claiming that extremism has been growing since the election of Obama .
Limbaugh characterized Smith as whining and moaning about hateful emails .
He also claimed that the political atmosphere has n’t gotten more violent since Obama ’s election .
Here is Smith from yesterday on FNC ’s Studio B show :
Here is the audio Limbaugh today courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ Now after all the years of hated and vitriol assassination movies and books about George W. Bush , for liberals to now claim that the atmosphere is somehow more violently anti-Obama is preposterous .
The hatred and vitriol has been spat out 24/7 from the network MSNBC … As for Sheppard Smith whining and moaning and complaining about emails , nobody needs to tell me about hateful emails .
I get the vilest sick emails attacking me as a Jew lover …. and I am a conservative .
Who do you think these emails are coming from ?
Shep , you got nothing on anybody out there . ”
Limbaugh claimed , “ Nobody at this point in time in our society has ever done anything comparable to the kind of hate that we got from mainstream sources .
Hollywood , books , news media , hate spat out hate was part of the daily reporting agenda for way too many years of the Bush presidency . ”
Rush is obviously forgetting that for the first 5 of 6 years of the Bush presidency , the media gave him soft treatment .
Bush was untouchable after 9/11 , and the media were cheerleaders all the way through the invasion of Iraq .
The media has never fully reported the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and did n’t even start to challenge Bush until after Hurricane Katrina .
Limbaugh contradicted himself mightily when said that there was no increase in violence in the political atmosphere , then later talking the hate email that he gets from anti-Semites .
Which is it Rush ?
Sheppard Smith ’s crime in the eyes of Rush was that he told the truth .
Limbaugh can deny it all he wants , but Obama ’s election has made right wing extremists feel threatened .
Many liberals believe that Bush committed war crimes as president .
The right wing believes that Obama is a Muslim , non-citizen baby killer Socialist who is marching the nation towards fascism .
Which viewpoint is more extremist ?
No one is saying that Republicans had anything to do with the two recent far right attacks .
No one is blaming Rush Limbaugh or Fox News , so it makes no sense to deny the obvious .
Extremism is on the rise .
Smith was stating a fact , and Limbaugh ’s dismissal of him , demonstrates how out of touch he is .
Fresh off a court victory against Google 's YouTube , ASCAP tells us it is setting its sights on users of the video - sharing site .
Welcome to the exciting world of copyright licensing , blogger ; you may already owe gobs of money !
ASCAP licenses the performance rights for music , collecting royalties for its songwriter members when their songs are played in certain contexts .
Those contexts now include a YouTube video embedded on your blog or website , assuming your site is not " purely " non-commercial and is deemed large enough by ASCAP .
The group just sent a collection letter to internet entrepreneur Jason Calacanis ( pictured ) for YouTube videos embedded on his Mahalo reference site .
Based on what the group told Valleywag , other startups should be worried :
ASCAP does not offer licenses to – or require licenses from – those who simply make their personal blogs available on purely noncommercial Web sites .
Mahalo.com is a larger venture than simply a personal blog , and therefore ASCAP is engaged in discussions with Mr. Calacanis concerning the use of ASCAP members ' music on the site .
ASCAP sent collection letters to other website owners in the spring ; YouTube told recipients to refer the group back to YouTube .
But then a judge ruled Google owed ASCAP $ 1.6 million while a court fight between the two sides over licensing drags on .
At some point , website owners are going to start wondering how much longer Google will offer to handle all the legal complaints over YouTube embeds — and just how many songs they 've embedded over the years and now owe royalties on .
( Pic : by David Sifry )
Edit this page
Welcome
We hope you find this wiki useful .
Please feel free to improve or add to the pages you find .
You can even add new pages .
Our guidelines are simple :
Be nice , nothing illegal , copyrighted or profane and no advertising .
Some points of interest :
I was strolling through Kroger trying to refill the refrigerator when I decided , for no apparent reason , to detour through the health foods section .
Curiosity , I suppose .
The prices and packaging available for organically grown breakfast cereal and pectin - sweetened oatmeal has always distantly amused me .
It seemed like the non-dairy dairy section had been growing lately , however .
At least a dozen different companies were packaging and advertising soy milk , rice milk , vanilla flavored soy milk , chocolate flavored soy milk , original flavored soy milk , soy this , soy that , SOY !
SOY !
SOY !
I must have said that last part out loud , because a hoarse whisper entered my ear from behind me :
Soy makes you strong !
I spun my head , but saw only a shoulder of a dirty coat while the whisper reappeared by my other ear :
Strength crushes enemies !
I turned again , only to see the back of a tired , bedraggled homeless - looking man pushing a grocery cart which , against all logic , actually looked dirtier than he was .
He moved away from me at a slow , but steady pace around the corner to the bread aisle .
His cart never once squeaked , I noticed later .
I stood up in a hurry , then had to lean against the shelf until the resulting head rush wore off .
When my vision cleared , I walked quickly around the corner to see where the man was heading and what he had wanted ... but he was n't there .
I glanced down the next aisle , and the next , and the next .
Not a sign of him .
I turned to go back to my grocery cart , but stopped short when I saw it right in the middle of the aisle , blocking an irate shopper behind it .
It had somehow followed me out of the health foods section .
I looked over the side to make sure nothing had been taken out .
Nothing had , but one blue box of Soy Dream had been added .
Soy !....
I heard in my ears again .
I ignored it .
Somehow I knew there would be no one behind me when I looked .
The irate shopper maneuvered around me .
I picked up the new box and then , without really knowing why , carefully put it back in .
The depth and breadth of the global recession has required a highly accommodative monetary policy .
Since the onset of the financial crisis nearly two years ago , the Federal Reserve has reduced the interest - rate target for overnight lending between banks ( the federal - funds rate ) nearly to zero .
We have also greatly expanded the size of the Fed ’s balance sheet through purchases of longer - term securities and through targeted lending programs aimed at restarting the flow of credit .
These actions have ...
" After this some of the sides were so high that at times I was at 90 degrees and so it was very important to have as much traction as possible "
Credit : KAPPES ADVENTURE PRESS / BARCROFT MEDIA
Duke Nukem Developer 3D Realms Shuts Down Update 5 : More images and some DNF gameplay footage have surfaced .
Update 4 : Images from 3DR 's Duke Nukem Forever have started to leak ....
Update 3 : 3D Realms webmaster Joe Siegler has commented on the shut down , stating : " It 's not a marketing thing .
It 's true .
I have nothing further to say at this time . "
Siegler 's post also reflects the unexpected nature of the situation , as he was unaware of the impending shut down during an interview conducted yesterday afternoon .
Update 2 : Duke Nukem Forever publisher Take - Two has confirmed to Shacknews that it was not funding ongoing development of the 3D Realms project .
" We can confirm that our relationship with 3D Realms for Duke Nukem Forever was a publishing arrangement , which did not include ongoing funds for development of the title , " said Take - Two VP of communications Alan Lewis in a prepared statement .
" In addition , Take - Two continues to retain the publishing rights to Duke Nukem Forever , " he added .
Update : Apogee Software LLC and Deep Silver have issued a statement to Shacknews , confirming that the situation at 3D Realms has not affected the development of Frontline Games ' upcoming handheld Duke Nukem Trilogy .
" Deep Silver and Apogee Software are not affected by the situation at 3D Realms , " a representative for the companies told us .
" Development on the Duke Nukem Trilogy is continuing as planned . "
Original story : A very reliable source close to Duke Nukem Forever developer 3D Realms today confirmed to Shacknews that the development studio has shut down .
The closure came about as a result of funding issues , our source explained , with the shut down said to affect both 3D Realms and the recently resurrected Apogee .
Employees of both entities have already been let go .
Phone calls and e-mails to various 3D Realms veterans have thus far gone unanswered , with 3D Realms publishing partner Take - Two and Apogee partner Deep Silver likewise unavailable for comment .
One 3D Realms spokesperson declined to comment when reached .
3D Realms was founded in 1987 by Scott Miller and George Broussard , and was best known for its Duke Nukem series of shooters starring the titular , bubblegum - lacking hero .
The studio had infamously been working on Duke Nukem Forever , the next flagship franchise entry , for over 12 years .
A final push to release Duke Nukem Forever began in 2007 , marked by a short teaser starring the in - game hero that was released late that year .
As recent as January 2009 , company steward George Broussard wrote on his Twitter feed that he was visiting Take - Two to show off the title .
JEKYLL ISLAND , Ga ( Reuters ) - A waiver granted by Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Donald Kohn that allowed the chairman of the New York Fed ’s board of governors to stay in his job had the full backing of the Fed ’s Board of governors , including Chairman Ben Bernanke , a Fed official said on Monday .
The controversial waiver allowed Stephen Friedman to stay in his job as chairman of the board of governors of the New York Federal Reserve despite owning shares in Goldman Sachs GS.N , which the Fed began regulating in September .
Friedman , a retired chairman of Goldman Sachs , resigned last week after it was reported in The Wall Street Journal that he had bought more Goldman shares .
The Wall Street Journal called in an editorial on Monday for Kohn ’s resignation , and said he had shown a tin political ear by allowing Friedman to stay at the New York Fed .
Goldman converted into a bank holding company last September in order to secure access to Federal Reserve lending facilities .
The U.S. central bank is comprised of a seven - member Board of Governors in Washington , and 12 regional Fed banks .
The Board of Governors selects some of the directors on the boards of each regional Fed , including Friedman , and these directors are banned from owning shares in Fed - regulated banks .
The Fed official said that it was unfair to single out Kohn , who had fully consulted with his board colleagues , including Bernanke , before the waiver was granted on January 21 .
It fell to Kohn because he heads up the committee on Federal Reserve bank affairs .
In addition , the Board of Governors in January voted to confirm Friedman as New York Fed chairman , the official said .
Friedman and the New York Fed have both said that he had done nothing wrong .
The Friedman waiver was sought shortly after Goldman became a bank holding company .
While the Fed was deciding whether or not to grant it , he bought 37,300 Goldman shares on December 17 .
On January 22 , the day after the waiver was granted , he bought 15,300 more Goldman shares .
The Fed is under intense scrutiny after rescuing investment bank Bear Stearns and insurer American International Group last year , and for pumping hundreds of billions of dollars into credit markets to prevent them freezing amid a global panic over massive losses on risky U.S. housing bets .
Goldman won its bank - holding status in September after the failure of its rival Lehman Brothers , allowing it more straightforward access to the government financial market safety net .
Cult TV A-Z : 26 Semi-Obscure Shows We ’d Like To See On DVD
Three years ago , I did a piece for Bullz - Eye entitled “ TV ( No - ) Shows On DVD , ” where I took a look at the top 15 shows that the Bullz - Eye staff had wanted to see released onto home video in full - season or complete - series sets .
From the series cited on that list , we ’ve gotten “ Newhart : The Complete First Season , ” five seasons of “ Family Ties , ” seven seasons of “ Beverly Hills 90210 , ” and “ WKRP : The Complete First Season ” ( a laughable title , given how much was excised from the original episodes ) , with “ The State : The Complete Series ” scheduled for release on July 14 .
We ’ve also been pleased to see that a couple of the kids shows we cited – “ Groovie Goolies ” and “ Josie and the Pussycats ” – have made it into stores , and we were beside ourselves at the emergence of a couple of our pipe - dream series , including “ Quark , ” “ Fastlane , ” and “ Andy Richter Controls the Universe . ”
“ Quark “ ?
Really ?
I ’ve got to be honest with you : I loved that show with a passion when I was seven years old , but not in a million years would I have bet on that series ever coming out on DVD , and yet you can order a copy from Amazon at this very moment .
That ’s what led me to compile this A - to - Z list of shows that I ’d like to be able to experience again…or , in some cases , for the first time .
Yes , some of the series on this list are obscure , and it ’s likely that almost none of them will ever make their way to home video , but I felt the same way about “ Quark ” three years ago , and …well , look what happened there .
I ’m sure you ’ve got your own favorites , and I ’d love to know what they are , so please feel free to leave your picks below .
In the meantime , I hope you enjoy my list … and the accompanying YouTube clips , too .
A. “ AfterM * A * S* H ” ( 1983 – 1985 ) : Given that all of the seasons of the original “ M * A * S * H ” series have long since made it to DVD and proved to be a rousing success , it ’s a little surprising that we have n’t seen the release of the post - war exploits of Sherman Potter , Max Klinger , and Father Francis Mulcahy .
Few would claim that the show ever lived up to its predecessor , but there were only 31 episodes produced ; you ’d think that a complete - series set would be a no- brainer , since the diehards would surely snap it up , what with the additional guest appearances by Col. Flagg and Radar O’Reilly .
Indeed , should such a collection ever come to pass , let ’s hope someone also thinks to tack on the failed pilot for “ W * A * L * T * E*R , ” where Radar moves from Ottumwa , Iowa , to St. Louis , MO , in order to become a police officer .
And , yes , I ’m serious .
B. “ BJ and the Bear ” ( 1979 – 1981 ) : Call me a conspiracy theorist , but I just ca n’t imagine that there ’s not a connection between the fact that , in December 1978 , a movie about a trucker with a monkey ( “ Every Which Way But Loose ” ) was a huge success , and in February 1979 this series – which is about a trucker with a monkey – premiered .
Some may say that Greg Evigan ’s most lasting pop culture footnote is co-starring with Paul Reiser on “ My Two Dads , ” but he ’ll always be B.J. McKay to me .
C. “ CPO Sharkey ” ( 1976 – 1978 ) : With the amount of appreciation Don Rickles has gotten in recent years , most notably with “ Mr. Warmth : The Don Rickles Project , ” it ’s hard to believe that no - one ’s tried to make a buck or two by offering up the release of this series .
Maybe it ’s because Rickles ’ comedy in the series would n’t exactly come across as politically correct nowadays .
Sharkey ’s company consists of an African - American , a Polish - American , a Jewish - American , an Italian - American , and a Hispanic - American , and …well , suffice to say that he probably did n’t need nearly as many hyphens within his preferred choice of terms for them .
Frankly , though , I just want to see the episode which features a guest appearance by the Dickies !
D. “ Darkroom ” ( 1981 – 1982 ) : Remember this series ?
Probably not , given how short its run was .
Anthology series were pretty much dead when the 1980s rolled around , but ABC nonetheless gave this one a try , signing up James Coburn to introduce each week ’s creepy tales .
Had it emerged a few years later , it might ’ve lasted longer , but even though it only survived for seven episodes ( some sources refer to 16 eps , but I ’m pretty sure it was 16 stories told during the course of seven episodes ) , it still made a serious impression on me .
Of course , I was 11 years old and easily frightened … and , yet , I watch this opening sequence , and the chills immediately start up again .
E. “ Eight Is Enough ” ( 1977 – 1981 ) : Okay , here ’s my theory , and you may feel free to correct me if I ’m wrong , but …if a show was successful enough in its time to warrant a reunion move a few years later , then surely it ’s worthy of scoring DVD release .
Plus , the series was re-run on Pax not so terribly long ago , so it ’s been back in the public eye enough to refresh the memories of the sentimentalists who’d be most interested in purchasing it .
F. “ Flying Blind ” ( 1992 – 1993 ) : A lot of people only remember this show as a footnote , because it gave Téa Leoni her first real break .
Personally , what I remember is my jaw hitting the floor on repeated occasions because of how inconceivably gorgeous she was ( and how well she wore the short , tight skirts that her character preferred ) , but the series was consistently hilarious as well .
Leoni played Alicia , who had inexplicably fallen for Neil ( Corey Parker ) , a guy who was in no way in her league ; as a result , it often like he was living through “ After Hours ” every single time he went out with her .
Clea Lewis ( “ Ellen ” ) and Michael Tucci ( “ It ’s Garry Shandling ’s Show ” ) were part of the ensemble , and Peter Boyle turned up a couple of times as Alicia ’s dad .
It even had a David Byrne theme song , for God ’s sake !
And , yet , it never took off .
On the up side , however , creator Richard Rosenstock went on to write for “ Friends ” and “ Arrested Development ” and is now part of the “ Big Bang Theory ” family .
Arguably the most amazing thing about it , though , is that there is n’t a single clip of the show on YouTube .
G. “ Get A Life ” ( 1990 – 1992 ) :
It ’s pointless to try to sell this show to anyone who does n’t already appreciate Chris Elliott ’s sense of humor .
All I can tell you is that R.E.M. does n’t loan out their songs to just anyone , so the fact that “ Stand ” ended up as the show ’s theme song ought to tell you that it ’s not your ordinary sitcom , but the fact that Bob Odenkirk and Charlie Kaufman were writers on the show may reveal even more .
H. “ House Calls ” ( 1979 – 1982 ) : Wayne Rogers played Trapper John , MD , on the first few seasons of “ M * A * S*H , ” but when they made a series out of the character , they hired Pernell Roberts to play him .
Perhaps sensing that it probably still could n’t hurt to play off people ’s memories of him , however , Rogers ended up taking on the series adaptation of the 1978 Walter Matthau film about a bunch of doctors and their daily trials and tribulations at Kensington General Hospital .
The chemistry between Rogers and his co-star , Lynn Redgrave , was great , and the other primary members of the ensemble – David Wayne , Ray Buktenika , and Mark Taylor – were all extremely funny , but Redgrave was fired from the series following the birth of her daughter , and despite Sharon Gless ’s attempts to fill the hole left by Redgrave , “ House Calls ” never recovered .
Still , it ’s hard to imagine that “ Scrubs ” fans would n’t enjoy the show , if only they were given the chance .
I . “ It ’s Your Move ” ( 1984 – 1985 ) : Somewhere , there is an alternate reality where “ Arrested Development ” was the most successful sitcom in the history of television , and in that reality , someone said , “ Hey , you know , we really should get in on some of those Bateman bucks and release ‘ It ’s Your Move : The Complete Series ’ on DVD . ” I want to go to there .
J. “ James at 15 ” ( 1977 – 1978 ) : Based on the novel by James Wakefield and preceded by a TV movie which shared its title , “ James at 15 ” was the story of James Hunter , whose college - professor father uprooted the family and moved them from Oregon to Boston .
Poor James had a rough time of it , finding it hard to fit into his new surroundings , and thus a series was born .
Critics loved it because it was the closest thing to a realistic teen drama that TV had seen at that point , but the show courted controversy when James lost his virginity to a Swedish exchange student ( we should all have that great a first - time story ) , and the writers and producers constantly battled with the NBC brass .
In the end , the show may have survived a name change to “ James at 16 , ” but it still only lasted a single season .
K. “ The Knights of Prosperity ” ( 2007 ) : Damn you , Mick Jagger .
If you ’d only had the sense of humor to maintain your association with this series and allow it to keep its original title , “ Let ’s Rob Mick Jagger , ” then maybe it would ’ve lasted more than 13 episodes .
Actually , that was n’t its original original title – before Jagger , it was Jeff Goldblum – but it ’s the one that it held when ABC officially picked up the series .
The show had tremendous positive buzz in Fall 2006 , but the network foolishly decided to hold off from premiering the series until January 2007 because of the success of “ Dancing with the Stars , ” and even when it finally hit the air , they never seemed to be behind it as much as they should ’ve been .
Every episode I saw of the series was hilarious , however , and it ’d be nice to be able to watch them in the comfort of my own home .
L. “ L.A. Law ” ( 1986 – 1994 ) : Not obscure at all , but certainly as inexplicable an omission from DVD shelves as I can think of .
This series combined humor , drama , and the law in a way that only “ Boston Legal ” has managed to match , plus , it had that great Mike Post theme song .
Seriously , is there any valid explanation as to why this show is n’t out yet ?
M. “ Manimal ” ( 1983 ) :
The only ’ 80s series that matches it as a punchline is “ Misfits of Science , ” but despite the fact that I ’d love to see both series again mostly to gauge how badly their special effects – which were n’t even very good in ’ 83 – have aged , I ’m giving this one the edge because it had voiceovers from William Conrad .
Also , as of this writing , it only takes one quick trip over to eBay to score yourself a “ Manimal ” t- shirt .
That spells fan dedication , people , and that means there are people out there who would n’t hesitate to buy a complete - series set of this show .
N. “ The Norm Show ” ( 1999 – 2001 ) : No one ever said that Norm MacDonald was n’t an acquired taste , but the ones who ’ve acquired it just ca n’t get enough of the sarcastic , cynical bastard , and I ’m one of them .
( I stand by my opinion that “ Dirty Work ” is an underrated comedic classic . )
The fact that the incredibly hot Nikki Cox and the incredibly funny Laurie Metcalfe were part of Norm ’s ensemble is just gravy ; the real star here is Mr. MacDonald and his unmatched comedic delivery .
O. “ Open All Night ” ( 1981 – 1982 ) :
There ’s probably less chance of this short - lived sitcom about a guy who owns a 24 - hour convenience store coming to DVD than anything else on this list .
It did n’t last long , there ’s no one in the cast of note , and the reason most people remember it is because it featured a slightly surreal guest appearance by David Letterman .
Still , the British series which inspired it just earned a release , so you never know .
P. “ The PJ ’s ” ( 1999 – 2001 ) : Granted , this Eddie Murphy Claymation project never hit the heights that everyone hoped it would , but it ’s virtually the only animated series from the Fox archives that has n’t yet made it to DVD .
You ’d think Murphy ’s name alone would be enough to get it onto shelves .
Maybe they ’re waiting for him to find his way back into another successful film before they spring it on the marketplace .
If that ’s the case , then it ’s a crap shoot as far as when we can expect it , but all we ’re saying is that greenlighting “ Beverly Hills Cop IV ” might help its chances considerably .
Q. “ The Quest ” ( 1976 ) : Since “ Quark ” was released , there just are n’t many that series starting with a “ Q ” that I have any interest in seeing on DVD , but when I read about this western starring Kurt Russell and Tim Matheson , my curiosity was piqued .
The storyline goes like this : brothers Morgan and Quentin Bodine are seeking the whereabouts of their long - lost sister , Patricia , who ’s being being held by the Cheyenne Indians .
Morgan himself was a captive of the Cheyenne for eight years , so he ’d have an interest in seeing her freed even if she was n’t his sister , while Quentin is a young physician from San Francisco ; together , the pair cross the Great Plains and the Rocky Mountains in search of Patricia .
The good news : western fans loved the show , and it earned an Emmy for its costuming .
The bad news : the show was canceled before Morgan and Quentin found their sister .
But surely they did find her .
Right ?
Right ?!?
R. “ Remote Control ” ( 1987 – 1991 ) : Yeah , we know , the cost of licensing of this show would be hellish , but , man , it was so great .
It would be legendary if had done nothing but bring the phrase “ Dead or Canadian ” into the popular lexicon , but it also introduced the world to Adam Sandler ( The Studboy ! ) and Colin Quinn , let us see Denis Leary ’s Andy Warhol and Keith Richards impressions , and allowed us to gaze longingly at Kari Wuhrer without forcing us to endure her attempts at acting .
There was Ken ’s cousin Flip , who laughed his way through various TV themes , and Ranger Bob , who gave questionable camping tips .
And let ’s not forget such great question categories as “ Brady Physics ” and “ Inside Tina Yothers . ”
Classic , classic stuff .
S. “ Stark Raving Mad ” ( 1999 – 2000 ) : Between Tony Shaloub ’s success on “ Monk ” and Neil Patrick Harris ’s comedic renaissance via “ How I Met Your Mother ” and the “ Harold & Kumar ” flicks , it ’s amazing no - one ’s bothered to issue this short - lived series on DVD , particularly given the fun coincidence that Harris ’s character on the show shares a trait with Shaloub ’s current character : he ’s a germophobe with obsessive - compulsive tendencies .
T. “ Tales of the Gold Monkey ” ( 1987 – 1991 ) : Here ’s proof positive that , when you get an idea for a piece , you need to turn it around as quickly as possible .
The original draft for this feature offered up “ thirtysomething ” in this spot , but before I could finish writing all of the entries , I got word that Shout Factory was finally going to make the DVD release of that series a reality .
As a result , I fell back on this semi-classic , which – along with “ Bring ‘ Em Back Alive ” – emerged in 1982 as the broadcast networks attempted to reproduce the success of “ Raiders of the Lost Ark ” on the small screen .
Ironically , though , creator Don Bellisario ( “ Magnum PI , ” “ NCIS ” ) had actually pitched the idea a few years earlier and had it shot down because the execs did n’t think viewers would want to watch a show set in the 1930s .
U. “ Unhappily Ever After ” ( 1995 – 1999 ) – Okay , I think we all know that this was , at its worst , the most overt “ Married with Children ” rip - off of all time , but it had at least two things going for it …and , no , I ’m not going with the obvious punchline of “ Nikki Cox . ”
Oh , wait , yes , I am , actually .
( I know I ’m a complete pig , but , seriously , guys , watch the below clip of her bouncing up and down on her bed and tell me the joke did n’t have to be made . )
But I ’ll even throw in a third thing and note that having Bobcat Goldthwait provide the voice of a smoking , drinking , and perverted stuffed bunny was so bizarre that it warranted a certain amount of laughter on general principle .
V. “ Vengeance Unlimited ” ( 1998 – 1999 ) :
There is absolutely nothing that I can say about this show ’s absence from the DVD market that its star , Michael Madsen , did n’t say better when I interviewed him .
“ It ’s a big mystery to me why ‘ Vengeance : Unlimited ’ has n’t been released on a DVD set like every other fucking television show that ’s ever been produced in the history of the world .
You can walk into Tower Records and buy these great disc sets , these really cool , great shows like ‘ Gunsmoke ’ and ‘ Have Gun , Will Travel ’ and ‘ The Rifleman , ’ and all these great TV shows .
I mean , you can buy ‘em now , a full set of every episode … and where is ‘ Vengeance : Unlimited ’ ?
Where in the hell is it ?
Why is Warner Brothers not releasing it ?
Why ?
And no one can answer that question .
Even ( executive producer ) John McNamara can’t tell me why .
That was a great show .
It had a huge following .
You tell me , what was the mentality of the network executive who took that thing off the air ?
That thing was a great show , and a great character .
If they just would ’ve given it one more season , it would still be on .
I know it would . ”
See ?
I told you .
And he ’s right : it was a great show .
If they put it out on DVD , I guaran - damn - tee you that talk of a “ Vengeance : Unlimited ” revival would start up immediately … and you can damned well bet that Madsen would jump at the chance to reprise his role as Mr. Chapel .
W. “ When Things Were Rotten ” ( 1975 ) : This Robin Hood parody came to us courtesy of Mel Brooks , starting with the premise that the good Mr. Hood was a complete idiot and that his Merry Men were n’t many IQ points away from achieving the same status .
Lots of notable ’60s and ’70s names were in the cast , including Dick Gautier ( Hymie on “ Get Smart ” ) , Dick Van Patten ( Tom Bradford , the patriarch on “ Eight Is Enough ” ) , Bernie Kopell ( Doc from “ The Love Boat ” ) , and Misty Rowe , who was one of the so - called “ Hee Haw ” Honeys , and it seems as though everyone who ever saw the show during its brief original airing thought it was hilarious…or , at least , that ’s the vibe you get when you read the comments over at IMDb.com , anyway .
X. “ Xavier : Renegade Angel ” ( 2007 – present ) : I guess it should n’t come as any surprise that , even with the proliferation of Adult Swim shows coming to DVD , this one still has n’t made it to stores .
It ’s more surprising that it ever made it to air in the first place , really , given that its co-creator , Vernon Chatman ( “ Wonder Showzen ” ) , called the show “ a warning to children and adults about the dangers of spirituality . ”
I mean , right there , you ’re guaranteeing yourself a cult audience at best .
Actually , Chatman revealed to The Onion A.V. Club that plans are indeed afoot to make fans ’ dreams come true , assuring them that Seasons 1 and 2 are forthcoming in the near future , but ever since we got burned by the interminable wait for “ The State ” on DVD – a wait that is finally almost over , thank heavens – we have to treat these things as pipe dreams until we actually get a press release from the studios that makes the release official .
Y. “ You Ca n’t Do That On Television ” ( 1979 – 1990 ) : This show ’s absence is as big a mystery as anything on the list .
I guess we should ’ve figured that if former cast member Alanis Morissette ’s international success could n’t even get it released , then nothing was going to be able to accomplish it .
We were teased with the possibility a couple of years ago , when TVShowsOnDVD.com heard rumblings that it might finally emerge ; sadly , however , it came to naught – possibly ( but not definitely ) because of the Viacom restructuring back in 2006 , and nothing ’s been heard about a reversal of fortune for the show since then .
Come on , Nickelodeon , would you go ahead and slime us already ?!?
Z. “ Zoe , Duncan , Jack & Jane ” ( 1999 – 2000 ) : Truth be told , the chances of this show seeing release shot up dramatically … well , y’know , relatively speaking … when one of its stars , Selma Blair , scored the high profile gig as one of the title characters in NBC ’s remake of Australian sitcom “ Kath & Kim . ”
Unfortunately , once the show premiered and people started to realize that it was n’t nearly as funny as it should ’ve been , those chances plummeted back to their original depths .
Now that I think about it , the fact that another of its stars played Lex Luthor for multiple seasons on “ Smallville ” ( Michael Rosenbaum ) did n’t help it escape from the vaults , either .
Weird .
I remember it as being pretty funny .
Soldering is a method of joining various metal items by melting and flowing a filler substance ( usually metal ) into the joint –the filler has to have a melting point that is lower than that of the materials it is joining .
Soldering is different from welding because you ’re not melting the base metals during the joining process , and it ’s not the same as brazing because you ’re using a filler metal with a lower melting point .
When you solder , the heat that ’s applied causes the solder to melt and get drawn into the joint by “ capillary action ” ( the pores in the metal suck up the solder ) and to bond to the materials that you ’re
joining by “ wetting action ” ( molecular - level adhesive forces that cause a liquid to adhere to and spread out on a solid surface ) .
After the metal joints have cooled off and you ’re done , the solder - based joint that you ’ll have wo n’t be as strong as the base metal , but , if you ’ve done it properly , it should have the necessary
water - tightness , electrical conductivity , and strength for just about anything you would practically want it to do .
Soldering has been around forever , much longer than gas - torch welding , and there ’s even evidence that it was used up to 5000 years ago in Mesopotamia .
Now , something else you need to know before you solder anything copper is that because copper is an extraordinarily good conductor of heat as well as electricity , large copper items such as pipes and fittings need a lot
more heat to properly solder than what a soldering gun or iron can do .
Your best bet for most plumbing jobs is either a propane or MAPP gas torch , although some pros prefer acetylene for large jobs because of the higher heat ( note : they do n’t use oxygen with the acetylene like you would if you were
welding –oxygen would make the flame much too hot for soldering and would likely melt the copper ) .
Before we get started , you need to remember that all the parts you ’re going to join need to be clean and oxide ( rust ) free , and wire brushes designed for internal and external cleaning are available for common pipe and fitting sizes .
You can also just use some steel - wool , emery cloth , or sandpaper as he does in the video below .
Alright , let ’s kick this pig , here we go :
Additional Resources and Further Reading
Really good article on soldering copper pipe for beginners from Reader ’s Digest , very nice .
Here ’s some really nice step - by - step instructions with photos for each step from FineHomeBuilding.com
A new style of Australian passport has been released , incorporating iconic images with the latest security technology .
Launched today , the new travel document uses images by Australian artists of the country 's unique landscape , flora and fauna , and lifestyle .
The uniquely Australian design work will make it very difficult to falsify .
Each page of the new passport is derived from Australian works of art such as the late Aboriginal artist Uta Uta Tjangala 's iconic 1981 work Yumari , which is now held by the National Museum .
Museum curator Peter Thorley says it is fitting that the work will now be in the hands of millions of Australians as they use their passports around the world .
" It 's really one of Australia 's national treasures .
It was very important , the artist felt , to paint about his country and about his dreaming , so that others could know , " he said .
Also included is an electronic chip with personal details of the holder and a device that can detect attempts to fraudulently copy the information stored electronically in the passport .
The artwork and technology combined make this Australia 's most visually impressive and secure passport to date .
The attorney general has blocked the publication of a book by Britain 's former head of counter - terrorism , Andy Hayman , that gives the inside story of the fight against Islamist extremism .
Lady Scotland stepped in at the last minute to obtain an injunction preventing The Terrorist Hunters from going on sale today .
The move came even though copies of the book had been sent two months ago to the Crown Prosecution Service , the Cabinet Office , MI5 and MI6 and the Metropolitan Police Authority .
Its author , the retired Scotland Yard assistant commissioner Andy Hayman , gives a behind - the - scenes account of the 7 July attacks , the shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes and the fight against terror .
He wrote about the murder of the Russian dissident Alexander Litvinenko and his meetings with top - level political and intelligence officials .
Thousands of copies of the 372 - page book were delivered to bookshops nationwide ahead of its publication today .
An advisory notice highlighting the injunction , granted by an unnamed high court judge , was circulated to newspaper editors at 11.45 last night .
The full reasons for the injunction cannot be published for legal reasons linked to continuing criminal proceedings .
The book , however , was still available for sale on the Amazon website today , which stated : " Get it by Friday if you order in the next five hours . "
The Times newspaper serialised sections of the Bantam Press book , co-written by the former BBC home affairs correspondent Margaret Gilmore .
Last week the Metropolitan police commissioner , Sir Paul Stephenson , complained that he was not given a preview of the book 's contents .
He told a meeting of the Metropolitan Police Authority that he was reluctant to give it more publicity .
Stephenson said members of the force 's watchdog might like to consider whether senior officers should be allowed to publish such books .
" I find it surprising as commissioner that I have no right on this occasion to have access to the book before it is published .
That surprises me .
It is troublesome and it does not help good conduct . "
A spokeswoman for Bantam Press owner Random House declined to comment .
In part , I write my story armed with the improbable hope that some powerful Senator will read this and garner some measure of pathos for the average American heretofore unfelt - and discover a calling beyond selling ones soul in return for corporate campaign contributions .
NEWS ITEM : NINE REPUBLICAN SENATORS WHO SIGNED LETTER OPPOSING PUBLIC HEALTH PLAN TOOK $ 17.7 MILLION IN CAMPAIGN CASH FROM HEALTH CARE / INSURANCE INDUSTRIES .
NEARLY 2 MILLION EACH
But before we rush to blame the healthcare mess on the Republicans , first know that the Democrats are just as guilty of selling out the American public to the highest bidders .
After punctually paying the same insurance provider for 35 years , the company cancelled my family ’s health insurance .
My wife had been in ill health for about 10 years and required five major surgeries to arrest a worsening condition .
In the eyes of our insurance provider , she had become too much of a drain on their profit margin .
Despite having paid considerable premiums for nothing ( thankfully ) for most of those years , the company did n’t waste a minute before unceremoniously abandoning us .
Due to our income loss from my wife 's illness we could n't afford to buy insurance at exorbitant private rates – plus , most companies refuse to cover pre-existing conditions .
So like millions of other Americans , my wife and I and our 16 - year old son simply went without insurance , without our doctors and without regular examinations .
During our first year without coverage , my own health began to deteriorate - my 60 - year old body was beginning to betray me but not show it .
Unfortunately , we could no longer afford the basic tests that would have predicted and prevented the catastrophic medical event that would nearly end my life .
The " good " news was that 3 or 4 days prior to my emergency hospitalization my family was accepted into a state - supported but privately run health insurance plan - an HMO with the barest of offerings - but more than nothing .
Unidentified Healthcare Executive Sits With Republican Caucus
The insurance company was obligated to pay for some of the catastrophic costs associated with my eight days in the hospital , but the bill for the hospital services alone ( not including the doctor ’s fees ) was over $ 79,000 .
Our out - of - pocket costs were high enough to bankrupt us and my family was about to receive more bad news before I was even out of surgery .
I needed a second major operation , and here was the added catch .
Our new insurance plan only covered one major surgery in any one calendar year .
I was 100 % liable for any additional procedures , and as an added kick in my sore abdomen , few specialists blessed with the considerable skills required to repair me graced my insurance company 's provider list .
My only option appeared to lay with " Medical Tourism , " a rapidly growing cottage industry that owes much of its existence to the tremendous number of uninsured and under - insured Americans .
Through blind Internet searches , I found medical facilities in Israel and India - and even in Thailand offering the most advanced surgical techniques for a fraction ( as low as 1/20th ) of the cost of the same procedures performed in the United States .
Many , if not most of the listed foreign surgeons were the product of the top American Medical schools .
But even at bargain - basement rates the trick for me was saving enough money to get there in the first place .
I 'm self - employed , and neither my wife nor I had incomes during my recuperation .
We would need to pay for multiple , high - priced airfares , a hotel room and of course , a hospital room for an unspecified number of days .
Ironically , it was easier to secure a financial loan to pay for the procedure directly through the foreign hospital then secure the same loan from a US lender .
Banks around these parts do n’t like it when you die on them with an outstanding balance .
Still , without enough knowledge ( at least reassurances satisfactory to my family ) and separated by a common language and one or two oceans , I knew I was gambling with my own life .
Yet getting treatment overseas seemed the only solution , for
In the wealthiest and most powerful country in the history of the mankind , citizens are left to die at the hands of an avaricious , unregulated and monopolistic private insurance cabal .
But then , a miracle began to unfold .
Let me add here that by the wondrous winds of good fate , my emergency room surgeon turned out to be the hospital ’s Chief of Surgery .
He happened to be the on - call surgeon the night I was admitted in critical condition .
During a post - op visit , he broached the subject of my next operation and a reasonable schedule for the procedure .
Embarrassed , I sheepishly told him about my insurance woes and then bleeted out the story of my research into Medical Tourism .
He replied , " Before you go flying off to Thailand ( read : off the handle ) , let me see what I can do for you .
I can't promise anything now , but give me a little time to think and make some calls – I have an idea . "
He did n't elaborate and I did n't want to press him .
Two weeks later , he called me at home and told me about a surgeon friend at the hospital who also happened to be a World - renowned specialist in the intricate reconstruction work I required .
His friend had agreed to perform the 6 - hour operation , and as I found out later – perform it for free .
Without my knowledge , these two incredible men had also convinced the hospital to recuse all of its associated fees related to both operations - in total , approximately $ 200,000 worth of forgiveness !
Two weeks ago , and 18 months after my odyssey into medical hell began , I underwent a third operation to correct a few related but relatively minor problems .
The cost of the " Day Procedure " was dutifully paid for by my crappy insurance company , and without much complaint .
Still , to qualify for coverage , I had to sign myself in through the clinic since none of the medical practices connected with the hospital accepted my insurance for office visits .
The Clinic surgeons are assigned to cases by the hospital and are never chosen by the patient .
But being the luckiest man alive , I was n’t surprised when the Chief of Surgery , the man who saved my life on that cold Christmas night , greeted me in the clinic with a wide smile stretched across a kind face and informed me that he would perform the operation himself .
Through no effort of the insurance industry , but rather , the goodness of two exceptional men , I was returned , still breathing and relatively intact , to my family and my career .
If only our health care system and lawmakers reflected a fraction of the common decency and charity of total strangers – or the American people , in general .
If only !
He was intending to reveal that he warned Prime Minister Tony Blair there were no weapons of mass destruction anywhere in Iraq weeks before the ­British and American invasion .
He had several discussions with a publisher in Oxford and was seeking advice on how far he could go without breaking the law on secrets .
Following his death , his computers were seized and it is still not known if any rough draft was discovered by investigators and , if so , what happened to the material .
Dr Kelly was also intending to lift the lid on a potentially bigger scandal , his own secret dealings in germ warfare with the apartheid regime in South Africa .
US television investigators have spent four years preparing a 90 - minute documentary , Anthrax War , suggesting there is a global black market in anthrax and exposing the mystery “ suicides ” of five government germ warfare scientists from around the world .
BANGKOK / LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) -
The family of actor David Carradine has asked U.S. authorities to help unravel the mystery of his death , amid conflicting reports about how his body was found hanging naked in a Bangkok hotel .
David Carradine arrives at the London premiere of " Kill Bill Volume 2 " in a 2004 photo .
REUTERS / File
Mark Geragos , a Los Angeles attorney who represented Carradine ’s brother , Keith Carradine , said on Saturday the family has contacted the Federal Bureau of Investigation and filed a formal request to have the FBI contact authorities in Thailand for further information .
“ They ’ve done it because of the conflicting reports and the nature of those reports that have given the family great pause , ” Geragos told Reuters .
Speculation about the death of Carradine , 72 , who starred in the 1970s - era U.S. television show “ Kung Fu ” and the more recent “ Kill Bill ” movies , has deepened since his body was discovered on Thursday by a maid in the Bangkok hotel suite where he was staying while filming the movie “ Stretch . ”
With coroners awaiting results of toxicology tests , Thai media pointed to suicide or accidental autoerotic asphyxiation as possible causes of death .
Some reports have said a cord was wrapped around Carradine ’s genitals and others that his hands were bound behind his back .
None could be confirmed .
Geragos said Carradine ’s family had no more information than what had been written and said in the media , which was why they were seeking the FBI ’s help .
“ I wish for them , and their sake , that they did ( have more information ) , but it ’s the opposite , ” Geragos said .
“ They are getting reports that both seem conflicting and evolving . ”
Slideshow ( 2 images )
FAMILY SEEKS HELP
Geragos said Thai authorities must invite the FBI into the investigation and he did not know how long that might take .
The family has hired forensic pathologist Dr. Michael Baden , a former chief medical examiner for New York City who appears on HBO cable TV show “ Autopsy , ” to look into the death when Carradine ’s body returns to the U.S .
Thai television said the body was flown home to Los Angeles early on Saturday , which Geragos confirmed .
Representatives for the family in Los Angeles were not immediately available for further comment Saturday evening .
In Bangkok , police said it could take several weeks for coroners to confirm exactly how Carradine died .
“ What we ’re doing right now is interviewing more witnesses , ” Police Colonel Somprasong Yentuam told Reuters .
“ It should take roughly three weeks for the blood test result , then we can wrap this case up . ”
Somprasong said he believed the likely cause of death was asphyxiation .
A maid found Carradine hanging in the closet of his hotel suite at Bangkok ’s Swissotel Nai Lert Park hotel .
Initial reports indicated a possible suicide , but family representatives have repeatedly denied that possibility .
Carradine , the son of the late character actor John Carradine , enjoyed a long career on Broadway , TV and in films .
But he was most famous for his role in “ Kung Fu , ” playing Caine , a martial arts specialist who wandered through the American Old West seeking wisdom and beating up bad guys .
Submissions are welcome !
E -mail some bloody tits to info at titsofblood dot com !
Even images like this !
Artistic impressions are fine as well !
As long as there is blood and tits it is awwww - right !
Props to the first pseudononymous submission by Homer !
Now here is a fine specimen of Tits Of Blood !
High tits / blood ratio !
Totally distorted colour spectrum ?
Who cares !
Contribution spree from El Pako !
More from El Pako !
El Pako hattrick !
El Pako quartet !
El Pako yahtzee !
El Pako introduces : tits and red-cum !
El Pako lucky seven !
El Pako vertical infinity !
El Pako mixes tits blood and religion !
Last update : 2009/08/05 .
We always need more !
Tell us about the latest tits of blood : info at titsofblood.com !
The larger blow to the sustainable energy story today , however , is not the chill of an autumn day in July in Massachusetts , but rather the colder stillness of the lack of movement by Boone Pickens on his wind farm in Texas .
The reasons for the turn around depend on who you read .
It is a relatively cool , overcast day here in Cambridge , MA , a little damp , with only the occasional tree moving in almost 24 hours .
But yesterday I was chased up the New York Thruway by a storm carrying hail and cutting visibility to yards .
These weather conditions suggest that today is not a good day for the prime candidates promoted as the sustainable fuels of tomorrow , here in the Northeast : wind and solar .
The Wall Street Journal notes :
Mr. Pickens , who has spent the last year pushing his " Pickens Plan " to reduce the nation 's dependence on foreign oil , said the wind farm project was scuttled in part because of the lack of adequate transmission lines to carry the electricity from remote locations to cities .
He had hoped to build new transmission lines but ultimately was unable to secure financing .
Natural gas - fired power plants are direct competitors to wind farms and other forms of clean energy .
Natural gas prices have fallen about 70 % from last year 's high , making wind less attractive as a source of power .
while Daily Finance noted the problems of raising money :
Pickens , 81 , was undaunted declaring at press conference on Capitol Hill , " I did n't cancel it ... Financing is tough right now and so it 's going to be delayed a year or two . "
" Cancel " may not be the right word .
How about review ?
Pickens , who gained fame as a corporate raider in the 1980s , was planning to build the world 's largest wind facility , at a site in the windy , flatlands near Pampa , Texas , which would generate enough electricity to power about 1.2 million homes .
The initial problem that Mr Pickens faces is that he has ordered the turbines and “ like I said , my garage wo n't hold them , " the legendary Texas oilman said .
" They 've got to go someplace . "
There are 687 turbines involved , each to produce 1.5 MW of power and the question of where to put them , given that there are problems with the initial siting due to the need for connection to the grid , is likely to be a challenge .
The problems have been visible for some time .
Back in November there were signs that the credit crunch was hurting the program , and the drop in natural gas prices ( which were the other half of the coin ) has meant that there is no rationale for changing from natural gas to wind at the present time .
On the other hand , back this time last year the Texas legislature approved putting in the connections to bring the wind power into the grid .
Texas regulators have approved a $ 4.93 billion wind - power transmission project , providing a major lift to the development of wind energy in the state .
The planned web of transmission lines will carry electricity from remote western parts of the state to major population centers like Dallas , Houston , Austin and San Antonio .
The lines can handle 18,500 megawatts of power , enough for 3.7 million homes on a hot day when air - conditioners are running .
The project will ease a bottleneck that has become a major obstacle to development of the wind - rich Texas Panhandle and other areas suitable for wind generation .
The transmission lines are needed since , at present , there is more capacity than can be delivered through the existing grid .
" When the amount of generation exceeds the export capacity , you have to start turning off wind generators " to keep things in balance , said Hunter Armistead , head of the renewable energy division in North America at Babcock & Brown , a large wind developer and transmission provider .
" We 've reached that point in West Texas . "
Unfortunately that plan , shortly thereafter , ran into the Justice Department .
The initial idea had been to integrate a water pipeline into the right - of - way so that Mr Pickens could also pipe water to Dallas and the water - short folk in East Texas from his holdings in West Texas .
At the time , Mesa General Counsel Bobby Stillwell said the company " got too clever . "
Said Stillwell : " We had thought that doing them jointly would be a convenience and maybe even a cost savings to us and the landowners .
There were two things that we misjudged .
To do that we would have to acquire a 250 - foot right of way instead of just a 150 - foot one for electricity .
That was enough difference to the landowners , " he said .
" Secondly , they were criticizing the whole project , both water and electricity , when they were really concerned about water .
We did n't want both to be subject to the same criticism . "
And so , last September , the water pipeline idea was scrapped , then the plan to use the wind power to displace natural gas was also put aside , and now the idea of the large wind farm itself has had to be laid aside .
But
Pickens continues to buy up water rights and says he expects to build smaller wind farms in Texas , as well as in Oklahoma , Kansas , and Wisconsin .
He 's still hopeful about his hedge funds , too .
This is occurring just as the President is sending out a team to encourage rural America to become involved in sustainable energy .
It is not the best juxtaposition of events to see the sales pitch for wind included in their statements .
Wind energy offers rural landowners a new cash crop .
Although leasing arrangements vary widely , royalties are typically around $ 2,000 per year for a 750 - kilowatt wind turbine or 2 % to 3 % of the project 's gross revenues .
Given typical wind turbine spacing requirements , a 250 - acre farm could increase annual farm income by $ 14,000 per year , or more than $ 55 per acre .
In a good year , that same plot of land might yield $ 90 worth of corn , $ 40 worth of wheat , and $ 5 worth of beef . "
( Original Blogger 's note :
This report and its numbers are 5 years old .
I 've heard of lease payments of $ 5,000 per turbine . )
So just as I thought that wind was taking the commanding lead in the alternate energy stakes , we have days like today .
Such events are bound to slow the growth of alternative fuels to the fossil fuels we now use , which makes the ongoing concern about the long - term viability of supply of those fuels ( worrisomely summarized by Sam Foucher a few days ago ) that much grimmer news .
Listener examples
You can try expressions in the interactive listener .
For example , some postfix arithmetic :
2 3 + 4 * .
Hello world :
" Hello world " print
Complete examples
Simple
hello - world - a complete program that defines a new vocabulary with a main word
Networking and web
time - server - simple TCP / IP server
webapps.calculator - simple webapp
webapps .
wiki - the source code to this wiki
smtp - send e-mail via SMTP , with optional SSL support
syndication - parse RSS and Atom feeds , write Atom feeds , also demonstrates inline XML syntax .
Algorithms
rot13 - rot13 " encryption "
roman - convert numbers to and from roman numerals
morse - convert strings to morse code and vice versa , and play morse code with OpenAL
base64
id3 - ID3 parser
usa -cities - parse a CSV file and extract information
benchmark .
mandel - Mandelbrot fractal generator
C library bindings
Many of these bindings have easier to use wrappers ( for example , there 's no reason to use the Unix API directly , since all I/O is done with higher - level cross- platform APIs ) .
Learn more about Factor 's C library interface .
unix - Unix / POSIX
windows - Win32
opengl.gl - low - level OpenGL API
Graphics
These examples are more complex than the above , and some of them were written a while ago and have n't been cleaned up to use the latest idioms .
They are all runnable from the Factor UI if you have a good enough OpenGL driver -- just issue a command such as " spheres " run in the listener .
Comp sci
rpn - Simple reverse polish notation calculator .
It implements a parser , " bytecode " instruction set , and simple stack interpreter , from scratch , without re-using parts of Factor 's own implementation via reflection .
monads - Implements a generic protocol , some operations over monads , and a few simple instances
Running the examples
Some of these examples define a MAIN : word .
This means they are runnable from the Factor listener , by issuing a command such as the following ,
" hello - unicode " run
Other examples are libraries , which means that after loading them with a command like this :
USE : roman
you can then get a list of words , and in some cases , API documentation :
" roman " about
and play around :
IN : scratchpad 123 > roman . " cxxiii "
Understanding the examples
If you see an example refer to a vocabulary in its USING : list , you can get help for that vocabulary from the Factor listener :
" math.vectors " about
The about page gives a list of words with stack effects -- clicking on a word will display documentation for the word , if any , as well as its definition ( which may not exactly match the source file definition , since its printed from its in - memory representation ) .
For many vocabularies , a " Documentation " link at the very top gives an overview article as well .
If you see an example call a word you 're unfamiliar with , make sure you load all required vocabularies by copying the example 's USING : line into your listener , then use the help word to get help :
\ reverse help
This even works for bits of syntax :
\ MEMO : help
Finally , all of this reference documentation is also available online at http://docs.factorcode.org.
More
A few years ago , “ multi- tasking ” was a big buzzword .
When people wanted to sound busy , the common response was , “ I am multi- tasking “ .
However , trying to write emails , talk on the phone , finish that big report and check Twitter all at the same time , is a sure recipe for doing all of them badly .
Without focus , results suffer and thus multi-tasking has been relegated to a convenient excuse to procrastinate .
When you ’ve got a difficult project to work on , you need to mono - task .
Here ’s a step - by - step mono - tasking plan to achieve true effectiveness in your work :
Step One : Switch Off Distractions
Whenever you sit down to work on an important task , you need to switch off any distractions .
That might be the radio , television , Twitter , messenger programs and – most importantly – your email .
Be honest , do you ever get emails that really can’t wait an hour for a response ?
Constantly switching between different applications on your computer drains your ability to concentrate .
You lose time whenever you switch – stopping to check your email breaks your concentration , and it can take several minutes to get back into the flow of what you were supposed to be doing .
Step Two : Minimize Interruptions
Even worse than the distractions that you give into are interruptions – outside events that impinge upon your concentration .
Depending on your situation , this could be the phone ringing , a colleague coming over to ask a question , a visitor dropping by , a child needing your attention …
Interruptions can be difficult to deal with , as they involve getting other people on board .
Here are some tried and tested methods of minimizing interruptions as much as possible :
Let your phone go to voicemail ( or tell whoever answers the phone to take a message and tell callers that you ’ll ring back later ) .
Put a “ do not disturb ” sign on your door at home , and let your partner / kids know that you ’re only to be interrupted in a real emergency .
If you ’re at work , try wearing headphones ( you do n’t need to listen to music – just put them on ) .
This is a good deterrent to people who might otherwise come over to chat …
When colleagues do interrupt , get into the habit of saying “ I ’m right in the middle of something , but I can spare a couple of minutes .
What can I do for you ? ”
( This keeps the interruption as brief as possible , and avoids them coming back again later ! )
Step Three : Set A Timer
One way to work very efficiently on a single task is to set yourself a time limit .
You ’ve probably experienced many times in your life how work can expand or contract to fill the time available ; perhaps you wrote essays in the two hours before the deadline as a student , or maybe you always manage to clear your backlog of emails just before going on holiday .
You can make the most of your ability to focus by giving yourself a time limit in which to work on a task .
You might be surprised just how many emails you can reply to in an hour , or how far through your report you can get in forty - five minutes .
The shorter the time limit you set , the faster you ’re likely to work .
Step Four : Take Regular Breaks
None of us can mono - task effectively for long at a time .
College students are always advised to take regular breaks whilst studying – most people can only focus intensely for between twenty and forty - five minutes at a stretch .
This does n’t mean you should suggest to your boss that he cuts the length of your work day from eight hours to forty - five … but it does mean you need to break up your mono - tasking .
After working intensely on your task for ( say ) forty minutes – using a timer as recommended above – take a break and do something which does n’t require concentration .
This could be a good chance to check your emails , tidy your desk , get a cup of coffee or return a phone call .
Just make sure that whatever you do , it wo n’t take up more than ten minutes or so .
Because after your break , you should go back to your mono - task for another timed stretch .
If you feel like you spend most of your days dealing with a series of “ emergencies ” , or if your email seems to take up all of your time , give mono - tasking a try ( it ’s particularly effective at the start of the workday , before you ’ve checked email and before there are many calls coming in ) .
And if you ’ve got a mono - tasking tip – or success story – let us know in the comments .
[ Originally published March 2 , 2013 ]
This change has been in the works for a few years now , but today marks the OFFICIAL closure on an amazing chapter in my life – designing , launching and selling my WilloToons – where geek meets rock ‘n roll !
– gift line of products .
It also marks the day I ’m announcing my NEW online moniker : WilloLovesYou !
I ’ll get to all that in a minute , but first a little history on the WilloToons name …
History of WilloToons
I registered WilloToons.com on March 28 , 2000 – exactly 13 years ago this month !
– the name playing off my cartoon - style illustration .
Mind you , back then we did n’t have vector graphics , and everything was so much smaller .
In fact , I only had my first website a few years prior – hosted on Homestead back in ’ 98 .
I wish I had screenshots of that one !
I do , however , have this screenshot from 2002 … this is when I was still employed as a FT Web / Flash Designer at a boutique design / development studio in Potrero Hill .
I had a blog on this website that I updated via HTML by hand …
I was blogging before it was even called blogging !!
Screenshot from my homepage , July 2002
In 2003 , the bubble had officially burst , and as a result I was ( fortuitously ) laid off my job .
I had already been doing freelance animation & design on the side and had been craving to dive more back into my illustration work , so I immediately launched a business offering Custom Wall Painting for Nurseries and Playrooms .
I figured surely I could get some wealthy parents in Marin to pay me a thousand bucks every week for that & I ’d be set !
I did get a few of those jobs … but being the avid blogger that I was ( and having a large following of friends & fans ) , it was n’t long before web & graphic design + custom illustration jobs started coming my way … and my freelance career was launched !
The WilloToons.com homepage from 2005 .
You can actually still go visit this one !
Common “ Cobbler ’s Shoes ” problem … my site did n’t get as much attention as my paying clients ’ sites did .
But it did the trick !
Within the first year going out on my own , I was making more than I did my previous FT job .
Launching the WilloToons Gift Line ( 2007 )
After 4 years doing freelance Design , Illustration and Animation for others , I finally followed my heart and launched my dream of my own line in 2007 ; featuring my designs & illustrations on tees for men & women and a baby line for all the kiddos of the geeks & rockers !
Over the moon getting my first few boxes of inventory !
Me , at one of my very first events in 2007 … beaming !
It should be noted here that starting in 2003 , especially after I no longer had a job I had to show up for every day , I went to live music shows several times a week !
Hence my ‘ rocksquirrel ’ design ( squirrel illustration with drum sticks & star on his belly ) , and the emphasis on eat .
sleep .
rock .
repeat – a design in my line that worked great for both adults and kiddos ! 😉
My beautiful girlfriends modeled for me !
I loved my embroidered line – this ‘ splash ’ design especially !
And yes , I recruited all my friend ’s babies , too .
This is my friend Jess ’ adorable little nephew Andrew .
Yes , I had tees for men , too !
Again , my handsome friends modeled .
You ’re welcome .
My original website – right - aligned no less !
So original . 😉
Celebrating the Awesomeness
Over the next 3 years , my line evolved into different colors and styles .
I had a designer t- shirt line for men & women , onesies , bibs and tees for babies and kiddos , totebags , greeting cards , jewelry , and more !
My WilloToons booth at Renegade Craft Show in LA , 2009
I worked the craft circuit for years around this time hawking my WilloToons wares !
Eventually centered the website , as it evolved . 😉
WilloToons at Treasure Island Music Festival
I had so much fun making “ rockin ’ jewelry for crafty ladies ! ”
Rocksquirrel eco-friendly totebag
Leveling up in 2009 , I launched an Organic & Eco-Friendly line
In 2009 * I went to great lengths to find the best & brightest , silky - soft organic cotton , and the most sustainable and eco-conscious silkscreening , and launched an eco-friendly line of baby tees , onesies , pants & caps .
They were a huge hit !
* Mind you , this was amidst a massive recession .
The line was a hit with customers , but oof , it was also quite the challenging year financially !
Grateful for an Amazing Community of Support
One thing is for sure , I absolutely could not have done ANY of this without the amazing support of my awesome friends !!
They modeled for me , bought some of my very first tees when the website went live , came and supported me at shows – a few of them even helping man my booth !
I am eternally grateful for the guidance , support and love of the brilliant geeks & rockers in my life – THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH !
My friend Tim Ferriss , wearing a WilloToons rocksquirrel tee on Wired.com
“ Do n’t you know who I am ? ” Yes , we sure do … it ’s my friend @ GaryVee !
Through all of this , I also developed a community of WilloToons fans around the world .
Check out this awesome Flickr Pool of photos from friends , fans & happy customers !
I met amazing people while traveling around the country , garnered notable press , had the opportunity of speaking , teaching , consulting and inspiring fellow creative entrepreneurs , and learned SO much in the process !!
Speaking at SxSW Interactive in 2009
“ Snappy Strategies for Selling Your Art Online ”
Photo by Coley
I ’m ridiculously proud of what I created with this business .
I followed my heart and made it happen , and the experience was truly life - changing , in more ways than one !
End of a WilloToons Era
When I said this change has been in the works for awhile , it ’s because I actually first announced letting go of my line in January , 2011 , and shortly after redesigned & relaunched my site with my “ Inspiring Creative Sustainability ” tagline and WilloToons Connect video series .
However , I had kept the shop open to sell the last of it .
It ’s with this announcement though that I can now report I have officially closed up the WilloToons shop !
This is n’t really that big of news , but for me – after almost 6 years of having it , and 2 years in liquidating limbo – it feels both weird and fabulous all at the same time .
WilloLovesYou – The Story of a Heart - Centered Entrepreneur
WilloToons became my brand , but I ’ve outgrown it , and it does n’t fit the work I ’m doing now .
So , thinking of what I wanted to have my URL be , and my handle on all the zillions of online networks , I actually did n’t want it to just be @ WilloOBrien … and instead I wanted to have something that communicates the thread of compassion and purpose I have infused in my life & business .
And here we are …
Introducing WilloLovesYou !
Less of a brand , and more simply my new online moniker , it ’s a fun name that emanates the love I have for people , life and the message I want to share with the world .
The changeover happened on Twitter & Instagram on March 7th , and on my website on March 8th … so it ’s official !
It ’s been so exciting to see friends celebrating with me .
So much LOVE ! < 3
Thanks to all of you who supported me over the years .
I truly could n’t have done it without you !
Evolving at the Speed of Life
So here we are , my WilloToons shop has been officially closed , but this is hardly a ‘ What next ? ’ moment , since that ’s already been in full swing for a couple years now .
If you ’re just tuning in , here ’s what ’s been happening :
When you get clear on what you want , change happens fast !
* Cheers ! * to evolving , growing and changing .
Yeeeeehaaww !
I have some very exciting developments rollin ’ out over the next few weeks and I ’m super excited to share them with you !
Please subscribe , if you have n’t already , and you ’ll be the first to know .
I hope this finds you well and following your heart !
I can testify , it ’s damn well worth it , every step of the way .
xo
UPDATED this page in 2017 to show this screenshot from 2014
( CNN ) --
Eight children were found in the Florida home of their slain parents , who apparently were the victims of a home invasion , police confirmed to CNN Friday .
Byrd and Melanie Billings are seen surrounded by their children .
The couple were found shot Thursday night in their Beulah home , said Escambia County Police spokesman Sgt. Ted Roy .
One of the parents was shot in the head , he said .
Beulah is about 17 miles northwest of Pensacola .
The victims were identified as Byrd and Melanie Billings by Jeff Martin , director of the District Medical Examiner 's Office .
Autopsies have not been completed , he said .
The Billings have 16 children ; 12 of them adopted , some of whom have special needs , the Pensacola News Journal reported .
Nancy Markham , a relative of the family , told CNN affiliate WEAR - TV that her son was inside the Billings ' home when the shootings occurred .
" He said that Bud and Melanie had , both of them had been murdered , " Markham said .
Do n't Miss Pensacola News Journal : Family blessed with love of children
Three men dressed in black were seen on surveillance video approaching the property in a late 1970s or early 1980s red van about 7 p.m. , authorities say .
Emergency personnel and police went to the home Thursday after receiving a call just before 8 p.m. about shots being fired , Roy said .
An employee of the couple found their bodies , he said .
When police arrived , they discovered the children also in the house , Roy said .
The children , who ranged in age from infant to about 11 years old , were unharmed , he said .
CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .
I ’m a big fan of the serial comma , and the Chicago Manual of Style now “ strongly recommends this widely practiced usage , blessed by Fowler and other authorities … , since it prevents ambiguity . ”
Here ’s an example from the Times that shows what can happen without the serial comma : “ By train , plane and sedan chair , Peter Ustinov retraces a journey made by Mark Twain a century ago .
The highlights of his global tour include encounters with Nelson Mandela , an 800 - year - old demigod and a dildo collector . ”
Perhaps the most famous example of why the serial comma should be used is this apocryphal book dedication : “ To my parents , Ayn Rand and God . ”
( For the origins of these two examples , see this 2006 Language Log post and this 2003 Language Hat post . )
And this from the former Vice - President of the United States that went from microphone to microphone and stated there was EVIDENCE that Iraq was involved .
This just makes your stomach turn .
Why anyone would listen to him is beyond me !!
Former Vice President Dick Cheney says there was “ never any evidence ” that Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq played any role in the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on New York and Washington .
“ On the question of whether or not Iraq was involved in 9/11 , there was never any evidence to prove that , ” Cheney said during an interview Monday night with Fox News ’ Greta Van Susteren .
“ There was some reporting early on , for example , that Mohammed Atta had met with a senior Iraqi intelligence official , ” Cheney said .
“ But that was never borne out . ”
In a 2003 interview on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press , ” Cheney said that “ the Czechs alleged that Mohamed Atta , the lead attacker , met in Prague with a senior Iraqi intelligence official five months before the attack . ”
But Cheney added , “ We ’ve never been able to develop any more of that yet , either in terms of confirming it or discrediting it .
We just do n’t know . ” read more here ....
The world 's richest nations agreed last night to cut their carbon emissions by 80 per cent by 2050 in a dramatic attempt to secure a new global deal to combat climate change .
Leaders of the G8 group of countries also agreed to set a limit of C on global temperature rises , the first time they have imposed such a ceiling .
In return , they urged developing countries including China and India to cut their emissions by 50 per cent over the same period .
President Barack Obama cleared the way for what Gordon Brown called an " historic agreement " at the G8 summit in Italy by signing the US up to a firm emissions target for the first time – a complete contrast to the intransigence of his predecessor , George Bush .
The G8 move is designed to revitalise United Nations - led talks on a global " son of Kyoto " agreement , which reach a climax in Copenhagen in December .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In talks in L'Aquila today , President Obama will try to persuade nine non-G8 nations , including China and India , to " jump together " with the G8 countries by agreeing to halve their emissions by 2050 .
But an immediate breakthrough in today 's 17 - nation negotiations is unlikely .
The Chinese President , Hu Jintao , returned home from Italy abruptly after ethnic tensions increased in China 's western Xinjiang territory .
The developing nations want firm guarantees of subsidies from the rich nations ' club to help them meet the cost of converting their industries to low - carbon technology .
They also want the G8 members to be more specific about their interim targets for reducing emissions by 2020 .
Another potential stumbling block is the baseline on which the G8's emissions cuts will be calculated .
Their declaration left this unclear , prompting critics to describe it as a fudge .
Britain backs a 1990 start date but the US favours a later one – meaning it would have to make a smaller reduction .
However , officials hope the G8's gesture will draw developing nations into serious and ultimately successful negotiations by December .
One said : " There 's a long way to go yet .
There will be setbacks along the way .
But we now have a decent chance of getting there . "
Mr Brown said : " For the first time the G8 has agreed [ on ] what I believe are vital decisions that take us on the road to Copenhagen and change the way we look at energy policy in the future .
We have agreed for the first time that average global temperatures must rise by no more than C .
That is an historic agreement .
We have agreed as the G8 that we want to cut our emissions by 80 per cent by 2050 and we believe that this will allow the world to reduce its emissions by 50 per cent . "
The Prime Minister has proposed a $ 100 bn global fund to ease the path to a deal by helping developing countries become more energy efficient .
There was no agreement on that last night , while some non -G8 members want a bigger fund .
José Manuel Barroso , the European Commission president , said : " We are not yet where we would like to be but I think things are [ moving ] in the right direction for Copenhagen . "
But the breakthrough failed to satisfy green groups .
While welcoming the G8's move , they criticised the group for failing to produce targets for 2020 .
Antonio Hill , a spokesman for the charity Oxfam , said : " The G8 might have agreed to avoid cooking the planet by more than C , but they made no attempt to turn down the heat any time soon .
2050 is too far off to matter – poor people are being hit today .
We must see emissions cuts of at least 40 per cent by 2020 and G8 money to help the poorest countries cope with climate chaos . "
Tobias Muenchmeyer , Greenpeace International 's political adviser , said : " While agreeing to keep temperature rise to below C without a clear plan , money or targets on how to do this , the G8 leaders will not have helped to break the deadlock in the UN climate negotiations . "
Mr Brown scored a victory over the summit host Silvio Berlusconi by securing a shake - up of the G8's system of aid to the world 's poorest nations to stop them backsliding on their promises .
With Italy and France unlikely to deliver on pledges they made at the Gleneagles summit four years ago , Mr Brown and Mr Obama joined forces to try to prevent a repeat of the failure .
From now on , the G8 club will publish annual progress reports on the aid given by its members .
A review next year , by when the Gleneagles promises were due to be kept , will lead to a " Gleaneagles 2 " process so that the G8 can " catch up " by 2015 , when the landmark Millennium Development Goals are due to be met .
The Italian Prime Minister resisted Mr Brown 's move for greater accountability over G8 aid commitments , but Japan and Canada joined the US to ensure that Mr Berlusconi was outmanoeuvred .
Walter Cronkite , who pioneered and then mastered the role of television news anchorman with such plain - spoken grace that he was called the most trusted man in America , died Friday at his home in New York .
He was 92 .
The cause was complications of dementia , said Chip Cronkite , his son .
From 1962 to 1981 , Mr. Cronkite was a nightly presence in American homes and always a reassuring one , guiding viewers through national triumphs and tragedies alike , from moonwalks to war , in an era when network news was central to many people ’s lives .
He became something of a national institution , with an unflappable delivery , a distinctively avuncular voice and a daily benediction : “ And that ’s the way it is . ”
He was Uncle Walter to many : respected , liked and listened to .
With his trimmed mustache and calm manner , he even bore a resemblance to another trusted American fixture , another Walter  Walt Disney .
Along with Chet Huntley and David Brinkley on NBC , Mr. Cronkite was among the first celebrity anchormen .
In 1995 , 14 years after he retired from the “ CBS Evening News , ” a TV Guide poll ranked him No. 1 in seven of eight categories for measuring television journalists .
( He professed incomprehension that Maria Shriver beat him out in the eighth category , attractiveness . )
Doctor Astrid Vargas is seen feeding a lynx cub at the captive breeding center that she has been running for the past five years to bring the lynx back from the brink of extinction , at the Donana National Park , southern Spain .
Road signs throughout the vast Donana National Park , a UNESCO World Heritage Site in southwestern Spain , warn drivers to watch out for lynxes .
But actually there is little chance of spotting a member of the world 's most endangered feline species , although collisions with vehicles are a risk .
Less than 50 of the creatures are believed to roam the park 's 335 square kilometres ( 134 square miles ) of scrubland , forests and marshes , one of the two remaining pockets of Spain where the Iberian Lynx is known to survive in the wild .
At the start of the 20th century there were around 100,000 in Spain and Portugal .
But urban development , hunting , and most of all a dramatic decline due to disease in the number of wild rabbits , the lynx 's main prey , meant that barely 150 remained in the wild in 2002 .
And the spotted cats , which can grow to about one metre ( three feet ) long and weigh about 15 kilogrammes ( 33 pounds ) , were in danger of being the first feline species to become extinct since the sabre - toothed tiger 10,000 years ago .
In a compound within the park , veterinarian Astrid Vargas has been running a captive breeding programme for the past five and a half years to bring the Iberian Lynx back from the brink of extinction -- and with remarkable success .
Vargas , an American from Puerto Rico , began the programme in December 2003 with five adults in Donana , four females and a male .
Last month , a total of 17 surviving cubs were born in captivity in Donana and in another breeding centre in La Olivilla , in Jaen province in south - central Spain , the most since the programme began .
There are now 77 lynxes in captivity at the two centres run by Vargas and in the zoo in the southwestern city of Jerez .
Vargas , who also holds a PhD in conservation biology , said she has now reached her goal of 30 adult males and 30 adult females necessary to begin reintroducing the species to the wild .
" We are now two years ahead of schedule of the growth projections for the captive breeding progamme .
The next big challenge is to prepare the captive - born animals for their survival in the wild , " she said .
The plan is to begin releasing a few animals next year into areas where they were at one time abundant .
In addition , in a separate but overlapping programme , some of the lynxes in the wild are to be translocated to new areas later this year .
" The idea is to form a sort of rosary of sites where the animals have corridors that allow exchanges between populations , " said Vargas , while admitting this was near impossible due to urban development .
Two more breeding centres are also planned , in southern Portugal and in western Spain 's Extremadura region , to cope with the growing numbers .
In Donana , the captive animals live in a fenced compound with 20 separate enclosures , where they are fed mostly rabbits , including live ones so the cubs can learn to hunt .
In a small building nearby , Vargas and her team of experts monitor them 24 hours a day using 57 closed - circuit television cameras .
Vargas glanced across nervously at her charges on the screens as she conducted this interview .
" Oh , the poor things are so hot today ! " she said , as she watched three cubs desperately fighting off mosquitos in the baking heat of 43 degrees C ( 110 F ) .
" We try to intervene as little as possible , except when they fight , " she said , noting that one of the first surviving set of cubs was killed in a fight with a sibling in 2005 .
Suddenly , there is a crisis as a cub is seen climbing the fence , and head keeper Juana Bergara races out the door to stop the animal from falling to the ground and hurting itself .
All the animals have names , the first letters of which correspond to the year in which they were born , from Adela and Aliaga in 2004 to Fresno and Fernandina this year .
Their different personalities , from aggressive to calm , are also recorded on a chart on the wall .
Vargas , who has worked on saving the black - footed ferret and the Mexican wolf in the United States and the Siberian tiger in Russia , said the work is " satisfying and very terribly tiring " .
" When you are responsible for a lot of live animals that are critically endangered you never disconnect .
It 's day and night . "
The captive breeding programme is just the start of a process that could take another 16 years and in which the Iberian lynx must pass from being " critically endangered " -- the highest category of risk for a wild animal under the International Union for Conservation of Nature -- to " endangered " to " threatened " .
And Vargas explained that this is also just part of a wider project .
" Our ultimate very important goal is that we are not working on one single species , we are working on the protection of an endangered habitat , which is the Mediterranean forest and scrubland , and we are using the lynx as the ambassador .
" So we are investing in one animal for the well - being of a whole very important ecosystem that has been hammered for 20 years .
It 's what is called an umbrella species , because by protecting one species we are protecting a whole area . "
Among other threatened species in the Donana National Park is the Spanish imperial eagle .
It may be many years before you can catch sight of an Iberian lynx in the wild .
But the animals can be viewed by the public live online at icts.ebd.csic.es .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further New population of Iberian lynx raises hope , says World Wildlife Fund
Enlarge By Jay LaPrete for USA TODAY Timothy Miller , 56 , who made roof trusses at a Weyerhaeuser plant before losing his job , now is exercising more and may become an electrician 's apprentice .
" I need to adapt , " he says .
WHERE ARE THE JOBS ?
WHERE ARE THE JOBS ?
FORECASTS FOR REBOUND :
Map shows the latest outlook for all 50 states and 384 metro areas , by job sectors .
Looking for a job ? :
Try our Quick Job Search widget powered by CareerBuilder .
RECOVERY WATCH RECOVERY WATCH USA TODAY / IHS Global Insight Economic Forecast : Exclusive index shows moderating but firm growth in the first half of 2010 after a strong recovery at the end of 2009 .
| Video :
About our new index
Older white males hurt more by this recession Dean Canaris , 56 , a quality engineer for a Honda automotive supplier , was laid off in April and out the door in 30 minutes with no severance .
Harry Jackson , 55 , an airline pilot and supervisor , lost his job in 2007 and , to his surprise , has found it nearly impossible to get another job .
Mark Montgomery , 53 , was let go from an Owens Corning insulation factory in April and can't afford his $ 575 monthly mortgage payment .
These men from the Columbus , Ohio , area are the unusual new faces of joblessness in this groundbreaking recession : older men cut loose from employment at the peak of their earning power and work experience .
In previous recessions , veteran workers were largely spared the pain of widespread job cutbacks , according to Bureau of Labor Statistics data .
Layoffs tended to be concentrated among younger workers :
The younger you were , the more likely you were to get fired .
Traditional , bread - winning older males — especially white men — were the least vulnerable .
Not so today .
Aging Baby Boomers are suffering a harsh employment bust .
" I never dreamed it would be so hard to put my skills back to work , " says Jackson , who was assistant chief pilot at Skybus , a discount airline that went out of business .
Jobless rates for men and women older than 55 are at their highest level since the Great Depression , government data show .
White men over 55 had a record 6.5 % unemployment rate in the second quarter , far above the previous post -Depression high of 5.4 % in 1983 .
The jobless rate for older black men was higher — 10.5 % — but more than a percentage point below its 1983 peak .
The most remarkable change is in the unemployment rate for black women : 12.2 % , far below the historic peak of 20 % in 1983 .
Hispanic unemployment is about 6 percentage points below historic highs , too .
In other words , this recession has shrunk the racial gap in unemployment , largely because white men are doing so much worse than usual .
Those above 55 also are spending more time than ever between jobs .
Older workers spend an average 27 weeks between jobs , about five weeks longer than younger workers .
" When you lose your job after many years , you 're not only looking for a job .
You find the nature of employment has changed , " says Deborah Russell , director of workforce issues at AARP , the lobbying group representing people 50 and older .
But the cocoon of protection that experience once brought has unraveled in this downturn .
" This recession has gone far deeper into layers of society than we 've seen in the past , " says Nelse Grundvig , an economist at the North Carolina Employment Security Commission .
" People losing jobs are increasingly male and increasingly older . "
The recession has hit older men hard because job loss has been concentrated in male - dominated fields , such as construction , manufacturing and finance .
The decline of unions , which protected employees with seniority , has played a role , too .
" The bloodletting has been in parts of the economy where men work , " Grundvig says .
That change is rippling through the economy in troubling ways because older people generally carry greater financial responsibility than younger people .
The loss of a job for an older worker can erase the dominant income of a middle - class family , wipe out savings as retirement nears and deny aging people health insurance when it 's needed most .
" So many of these men were coasting to retirement , working at good jobs and earning good pay .
Then , suddenly , it was gone , " says Susan Birie , who runs the government 's Delaware Area Career Center in Delaware , Ohio .
' What 's wrong with me ? '
Jackson , the airline pilot , has a lovely house and barn in Delaware , an affluent Columbus suburb .
Active in church , Jackson 's family has taken troubled youths into their home .
But after nearly two years without work , Jackson is dispirited .
He made the last house payment he could afford in June .
He has depleted his savings and 401 ( k ) retirement account and sold expensive machining equipment that he used for a hobby and extra income .
He has no health insurance .
His wife is not getting medicine she needs .
An adopted child has government - provided insurance .
Jackson has been turned down for jobs that he was well qualified for , such as training pilots .
One job went to a pilot who used to work for him .
" I keep asking myself , ' What 's wrong with me ? '
I used to be successful .
I used to be confident , " Jackson says .
The unemployed older men believe their age and experience works against them , not for them .
" Gray hair is the worst thing you can have when applying for a job , " says John Green , 64 , a former technology manager at banks and other corporations .
The men say experience can make them less marketable because employers think they want higher pay .
There 's some truth to that .
Montgomery made $ 25.80 an hour maintaining machines at an insulation factory in Newark , Ohio .
He 's been shocked at the low wages — $ 10 an hour or so — for some jobs available now .
" I can't pay my bills on those wages , " he says .
" The pay is hardly better than my unemployment check . "
Low wages are not just a financial blow , says Birie , the employment counselor .
It 's a blow to the men 's self - esteem .
" It 's very difficult to be the primary breadwinner , then to be offered — despite all your skills and talent — a job that pays $ 10 an hour , " she says .
The demands of new jobs can be unsettling for older workers , too .
There are truck - driving jobs in Ohio , Birie says .
But older men often find the lifestyle — being away from home for days at a time — to be grueling , lonely and hard on their established family life .
Georgia Labor Commissioner Michael Thurmond says the nation 's retraining programs were caught unprepared for the onslaught of unemployed older men .
The training programs had been aimed mostly at women , a legacy of welfare reform .
" This is a masculine recession .
We need to adjust , " he says .
Two - thirds of those seeking job training today are men — the reverse of two years ago , Thurmond says .
Health care hardship
The need for health insurance is the financial problem that dominates the life of unemployed , older men .
Four of the six men interviewed for this story reported that they or a family member were n't getting needed medical care because they simply could not afford it .
John Beckley , 54 , a design draftsman laid off in January , has cut back on pills to save $ 150 a month .
He has diabetes and high blood pressure .
" The medication is killing me moneywise , " he says .
When he cuts back his NovoLog insulin , " I feel a little worse , but I do n't have a choice . "
He 's still spending $ 700 a month on medicine .
The economic stimulus bill has been a savior for most of the unemployed men .
The stimulus law contains a little - noticed provision that has the government pay up to 65 % of the cost of continuing on a former employer 's health insurance plan .
Timothy Miller , 56 , who made roof trusses at a Weyerhaeuser plant , had his family 's health - insurance premium cut from $ 838 a month to about $ 400 when the program took effect .
He desperately needs health insurance because his wife has a pituitary gland tumor and extensive diagnostic tests are needed .
Canaris , the quality - control engineer , is paying $ 400 of his family 's $ 1,300 monthly premium while he looks for employment .
However , the health - insurance subsidy is an imperfect solution to the men's worries .
The health - insurance subsidy lasts only nine months and covers only workers laid off between September 2008 and the end of this year .
It does n't cover workers whose employer goes out of business , ending the health care plan altogether .
Green , the technology executive , has been getting by on his wife 's health insurance from her $ 10 - an - hour day care job .
But she was recently told the day care center , subsidized by a bank for employees , would close Sept. 30 .
" Thank God I 'm almost old enough to get Medicare , " Green says .
Reinvention at 55 Amid the sudden downward financial turn in their lives , theseunemployed men are seeking ways to reinvent themselves , personally and professionally .
They report unemployment has forced them to live healthier — less fast food and more homegrown vegetables .
Canaris is growing beets , potatoes and other vegetables that he never had time for before .
Miller has a garden , too , and the big , burly , blue - collar worker is riding a bicycle — an activity that surprises even him .
He has lost 5 pounds .
Miller regrets he fell for easy credit to buy a nice truck during his high - paying days at Weyerhaeuser .
" What was I thinking ? " he wonders .
Today , he 's thinking about becoming an electrician 's apprentice , perhaps even an electrician .
" The world 's changing .
I need to adapt . "
Nearly all of these unemployed men have a plan — and a touch of optimism .
Canaris plans to get certification in performance excellence and statistical methods .
That will make his quality - control skills more transferrable between industries .
He has leads on jobs in New Hampshire , West Virginia and Ohio .
He may end up working for a defense contractor or a truck manufacturer .
He has two interviews scheduled .
" All I know is I 'm optimistic .
I have skills and I 'm opening up my range to new possibilities , " he says .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
This part happens all the time : A construction crew putting up an office building in the heart of congested Tysons Corner in McLean , Va. , hit a fiber - optic cable no one knew was there .
This part does n’t : Within moments , three black SUVs drove up , half a dozen men in suits jumped out , and one said , “ You just hit our line . ”
Whose line , you may ask ?
The guys in suits did n’t say , recalled Aaron Georgelas , whose company , the Georgelas Group , was developing the Greensboro Corporate Center .
Georgelas assumed that he was dealing with the federal government and that the cable in question was “ black ” wire -- a secure communications line used for some of the nation ’s most secretive intelligence - gathering operations .
“ The construction manager was shocked , ” Georgelas recalled about the incident in 2000 .
“ He had never seen a line get cut and people show up within seconds .
Usually you ’ve got to figure out whose line it is .
To garner that kind of response that quickly was amazing . ”
Advertisement
Black wire is one of the risks of the construction that has come to Tysons , where miles and miles of secure lines are thought to serve such nearby agencies as the Office of the Director of National Intelligence , the National Counterterrorism Center and , a few miles away , the CIA .
With work underway on a Metrorail extension , crews are stirring up tons of dirt where the black lines are located .
“ Yeah , we heard about the black SUVs , ” said Paul Goguen , the engineer in charge of relocating electric , gas , water , sewer , cable , telephone and other communications lines to make way for Metro .
“ We were warned that if they were hit , the company responsible would show up before you even had a chance to make a phone call . ”
So far , so good , Goguen added .
But the peril remains for a project that will spend $ 150 million moving more than 75 miles of conduit along a three - mile stretch .
Advertisement
The Tysons corridor is also home to part of MAE - East , one of the nation ’s primary Internet pipelines installed years ago by the government and private companies .
Most major telecommunications carriers link to the pipeline , meaning there ’s a jumble of fiber - optic wire under the new rail route .
Moving utilities quickly and cheaply is a big part of any construction work .
But the $ 5.2 - billion rail project , which will extend service to Dulles International Airport , is particularly complex .
Construction crews have been digging for more than a year to shift the wires of more than 21 private utilities out of the path of the rail line -- and they have another year to go .
And they have snapped , accidentally , dozens of those carriers ’ lines , because even not - so - secret commercial lines sometimes do n’t show up on utility maps .
Goguen , the utility manager , estimates that the rail project has already hit three dozen lines .
Advertisement
Such issues are likely to resurface this summer , when tunnel construction is scheduled to begin .
Above the tunnel ’s path is a giant microwave communications tower operated by the U.S. Army .
And if you want to know what the 280 - foot tower is for , too bad .
“ The specific uses of the system to which this particular antenna is attached ” are classified , Army spokesman Dave Foster said .
Other government agencies near Tysons also had little to say .
A CIA spokeswoman would not comment .
And Mike Birmingham , a spokesman for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence , would say only that if a communications line used by the agency was cut , the nation ’s intelligence - gathering would carry on uninterrupted .
“ No particular project puts us at risk -- highway construction , building construction , ” Birmingham said .
“ We do n’t have a single point of failure .
Our systems are redundant . ”
Georgelas , the developer whose company was overseeing the work when the Chevy Suburbans drove up , said he figured the government was involved when an AT&T ; crew arrived the same day to fix the line , rather than waiting days .
His opinion did n’t change when AT&T ; tried to bill his company for the work -- and immediately backed down when his company balked .
Advertisement
“ These lines are not cheap to move , ” Georgelas said .
“ They said , ‘ You owe us $ 300,000 . ’
We said , ‘ Are you nuts ? ’ ”
The charges just disappeared .
74 % Trust Their Own Economic Judgment More Than Congress '
Three - out - of - four Americans ( 74 % ) trust their own judgment more than that of the average member of Congress when it comes to economic issues facing the nation .
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey finds that just 13 % trust the average Congress member 's judgment more , while 12 % are not sure who knows best .
ISLAMABAD , June 25 ( Xinhua ) -- Pakistan Thursday asked the United States to review its policy of drone attacks in its northwest tribal region , saying the attacks are counterproductive .
" We would continue to convey the concern of the people of Pakistan to the United States , " Foreign Office spokesman Abdul Basit said at weekly press briefing in Islamabad .
Earlier this week U.S drone aircraft struck two areas in South Waziristan bordering Afghanistan , killing 60 people , including the participants of a funeral of a slain Taliban commander .
" We have conveyed our serious concerns over the continued drone attacks to the United States .
These are not acceptable and must be stopped , " the spokesman said .
Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani also called for stopping the drone attacks in order to ensure success of Pakistan 's strategy for isolating the militants from the tribes , when meeting U.S. National Security Advisor James Jones on Thursday .
The U.S has intensified drone attacks on the tribal regions despite Pakistan 's protest at a time when the security forces are engaged in major offensive against Pakistan Taliban leader Baitulalh Mahsood in South Waziristan .
Last month , U.S. CIA director Leon Panetta defended the use of unmanned aircraft to target Al - Qaeda militants and said President Barack Obama 's policies had severely disrupted the network 's leadership .
Pakistani officials said that the drone strikes have killed more than 390 people in about 42 attacks since August 2008 .
U.K. court : Jewish school 's entry policy is racist
Britain's Jewish community is in an uproar over the Court of Appeal 's ruling that a policy , exercised by many Jewish schools in the United Kingdom , of not accepting students whose mothers are not Jewish is racist .
The decision overturned a ruling by the High Court in London .
The case began when a British couple sued the largest and oldest Jewish high school in Britain - the Jewish Free School ( JFS ) - over its refusal to accept their son as a student because his mother did not convert in an Orthodox ceremony .
The parents , who have remained anonymous , described as racist and illegal the school 's refusal to accept their son because his mother was converted to Judaism in a Conservative ceremony .
They say this is racist and illegal because the school receives government funding .
Other couples whose children were refused entry by the JFS have also joined the suit .
Faith schools may discriminate on religious grounds but the court held that the JFS policy involved a test of ethnicity , which is unlawful .
"
The motive for the discrimination , whether benign or malign , theological or supremacist , makes it no less and no more unlawful , " the three judges - Lords Justice Sedley and Rimer , and Lady Justice Smith - said .
" The refusal of JFS to admit [ the student ] was accordingly , in our judgment , less favourable treatment of him on racial grounds ... eligibility must depend on faith , however defined , and not on ethnicity . " " Unless the Court of Appeal decision is overturned on appeal it will have a very serious effect on all Jewish schools and on many of our communal organizations , " The BBC quoted Britain 's United Synagogue as saying .
" In future , all Jewish schools will need to adopt a religious practice test , until such time as the Court of Appeal 's ruling is successfully overturned or a legislative amendment is made .
" Most of the 1,900 students in the Jewish Free School ( JFS ) , founded in 1732 , do not come from Orthodox homes .
Nevertheless , the school is identified with the central stream of British Jewry , the United Synagogue , which accepts the authority of the London Beth Din , or rabbinic court .
The London rabbinic court is considered more strict on matters of conversion than rabbinic courts in Israel .
We discuss the problem of path feasibility for programs manipulating strings using a collection of standard string library functions .
We prove results on the complexity of this problem , including its undecidability in the general case and decidability of some special cases .
In the context of test - case generation , we are interested in an efficient finite model finding method for string constraints .
To this end we develop a two - tier finite model finding procedure .
First , an integer abstraction of string constraints are passed to an SMT ( Satisfiability Modulo Theories ) solver .
The abstraction is either unsatisfiable , or the solver produces a model that fixes lengths of enough strings to reduce the entire problem to be finite domain .
The resulting fixed - length string constraints are then solved in a second phase .
We implemented the procedure in a symbolic execution framework , report on the encouraging results and discuss directions for improving the method further .
Assemblyman Dov Hikind , whose mother survived the death camp at Auschwitz , said yesterday that only Jews persecuted during the Nazi reign should be honored at a Holocaust memorial in Brooklyn .
Hikind said even though 5 million people from other groups — including gays , the disabled and Jehovah ’s Witnesses — were killed along with 6 million Jewish people during the Holocaust , the memorial in Sheepshead Bay should be for Jews only .
“ To include these other groups diminishes their memory , ” said Hikind , as he stood next to his 89 - year - old mother , Frieda .
He said he is not against a memorial to honor the other groups — as long as it is somewhere else .
“ These people are not in the same category as Jewish people with regards to the Holocaust , ” Hikind said following a press conference at the memorial .
“ It is so vastly different .
You cannot compare political prisoners with Jewish victims . ”
Hikind ’s fiery comments were the latest in an emotional debate over the wording of granite markers at the city - owned Holocaust Memorial Park at Emmons Avenue and Shore Boulevard .
He made his remarks after city officials approved a bid to have markers honoring homosexuals , Jehovah ’s Witnesses , the disabled , political prisoners and Roma and Sinti Gypsies , who were also persecuted and killed by the Nazis .
A Parks Department spokeswoman said the city signed off on the recognition “ to reinforce its educational purpose to remind us of the historical circumstances of the Holocaust . ”
“ There ’s no doubt that most of the atrocities at the Holocaust were done upon Jewish people , ” said Council Speaker Christine Quinn .
“ But it goes against history and their memory to not commemorate all groups that were persecuted by the Nazis . ”
This morning , Mayor Bloomberg commented on the issues , saying , “ It was n’t only the Jews that were massacred . ”
Bloomberg also said that “ diversity [ at the memorial ] is something we want emphasized — not deemphasized . ”
Although the memorial already recognizes five of the persecuted groups in the narrative inscribed at the base of its brick tower , advocates have pushed for a more prominent honor among the scores of granite stones that surround the main memorial .
“ The Holocaust memorial means you memorialize anyone who died in the Holocaust , ” said Theresa Scavo , president of Community Board 15 , who lobbied for the additional recognition .
“ It does n’t matter what color or sexual orientation you were . ”
Additional reporting by Sally Goldenberg and David Seifman
Great Britain has launched a new cyber security command center to help combat network intruders and forge offensive attacks against opponents .
The country has hired a number of former hackers to help staff the new Cyber Security Operations Center , which will begin functioning in September .
" You need youngsters who are deep into this stuff ....
If they have been slightly naughty boys , very often they really enjoy stopping other naughty boys , " said Lord West , who was appointed Britain 's first cyber security minister .
Tom Watson , a former Cabinet Office minister , told the BBC that the center was needed because there was a lot of " state - sponsored hacking of key U.K. information networks on an industrial scale and we have to transform GCHQ into a spy school for geeks who are more cunning than their Chinese counterparts . "
The new cyber security center will be based in Cheltenham at Britain 's famed secret eavesdropping facility known as GCHQ ( Government Communications Headquarters ) .
GCHQ , also known as " the doughnut " for its circular layout , achieved notoriety in the 1980s when news reports revealed that it was part of the global satellite surveillance operation known as Echelon run by intelligence agencies in Britain , the U.S. , Australia , Canada and New Zealand .
The controversial program created a rift among its partner countries when accusations surfaced that the U.S. was using the eavesdropping operation to conduct industrial espionage in England and other parts of Europe and sharing the information with American companies .
Lord West referenced the controversy obliquely when a reporter asked him about the possibility that Britain might use its cyber warfare capabilities to conduct electronic espionage .
How could the U.K. criticize other countries for using electronic espionage , if it used such tactics itself , he was asked .
" I think that coordinated attacks on a regular basis to try and get industrial information from a nation is wrong , " he replied .
In addition to the cyber security center at GCHQ , the government is also launching an Office of Cyber Security to protect Britain 's IT infrastructure , conduct cyber offensive strategies and attacks and serve as liaison between government and private industry on cyber security matters .
An anonymous government official told ZDNet that offensive DDoS attacks will be part of its repertoire , though not its first response .
" We will have a whole range of offensive capabilities , including distributed denial - of - service , " said the official .
" DDoS is not a first response — we definitely need graduated responses .
. . .
We do n't want to get into cyber - warfare , but it 's not reasonable to sit back . "
Photo : Model of GCHQ .
Gruntzooki / Flickr
* Illustration : Roman Klonek * 1 Sea mammal blowhole .
Any animal that spends appreciable time in the ocean should be able to extract oxygen from water via gills .
Enlarging the lungs and moving a nostril to the back of the head is a poor work - around .
2 Hyena clitoris .
When engorged , this " pseudopenis , " which doubles as the birth canal , becomes so hard it can crush babies to death during exit .
3 Kangaroo teat .
In order to nurse , the just - born joey , a frail and squishy jellybean , must clamber up Mom 's torso and into her pouch for a nipple .
4 Giraffe birth canal .
Mama giraffes stand up while giving birth , so baby 's entry into the world is a 5 - foot drop .
Wheeee !
Crack .
5 Goliath bird - eating spider exoskeleton .
This giant spider can climb trees to hunt very mobile prey .
Yet it has a shell so fragile it practically explodes when it falls ?
Well , at least it can produce silk to make a sail .
Oh , wait — it can't !
6 Shark - fetus teeth .
A few shark species have live births ( instead of laying eggs ) .
The Jaws juniors grow teeth in the womb .
The first sibling or two to mature sometimes eat their siblings in utero .
Mmm ... siblings .
7 Human stomach .
People can digest a lot — except for cellulose , the primary component of plant matter .
Why do n't we have commensal bacteria in our guts to do it ?
They 're busy helping termites .
8 Slug genitalia .
Some hermaphroditic species breed by wrapping their sex organs around each other .
If one of said members gets stuck , the slug simply chews it off .
What .
The .
Hell ?
9 Quadrupeds .
Let 's say you 're a four - footed animal .
Now let 's say you get a wound on your back , or an itch , or a bug wandering up there .
Tough luck , kid .
You probably can't do much about it .
Hope there 's a low branch around .
10 Narwhal tusk .
The unicorn - like protuberance on a male narwhal 's head is actually a tooth that erupts through the front of the jaw and keeps on growing , up to 9 feet .
Narwhal : " Doc , I have a toothache . "
Dentist : " Indeed . "
Start Previous : Datastream : Birds Diving Speeds , Word Counts , Poisonous Plants Next : Ask a Flowchart : How Do I Make a Single - Serving Site ? 10 Movies That Should n't Have Come Out on Blu-ray
10 Best Head - Scratching Stories , Explained
15th Anniversary : A Look Back at How We Looked Back
Olivia Munn , geek goddess of Attack of the Show , posted an interesting tweet last night .
" Just finished promos for hulu / microsoft event I 'm doing on june 8 ! "
Just what hulu / Microsoft event could she be referring to ?
UPDATE
Advertisement
To us , it seems likely that this event is supporting a Hulu on Xbox 360 announcement coming at E3 .
Why ?
Because Hulu on the 360 makes a lot of sense .
Quite simply , it 's the best internet service you can bring to a TV .
So if Microsoft were to pick just one piece of internet entertainment to offer Xboxers ( and with no web browser , they need to pick and choose ) , Hulu ( and maybe YouTube ) would be top on the list .
Also note that in Europe , Microsoft is supporting the Sky Player .
It 's a media content service somewhat like hulu but with support for live shows .
And it 's being integrated right into the XMB .
We could see hulu arrive to the platform in a very similar manner .
( So it 'll probably look a bit different from our tongue - in - cheek artist 's rendering . )
Advertisement
But the biggest reason that we 're betting on Hulu 360 is because Microsoft 's Shane Kim admitted months ago that the company was investigating Hulu connectivity on the platform .
So do n't be surprised if we hear more next week at E3 .
Microsoft 's press conference is on Monday and we 'll be there liveblogging .
[ Thanks Jake ! ]
UPDATE : It appears Munn will just be promoting Microsoft 's Bing .
I do n't know that the lack of Munn confirmation completely kills the possibility that Hulu could make its way to the Xbox at E3 , however .
“ The empire of the dollar is crashing . ” Hugo Chavez , Venezuelan President
“ The U.S. dollar is a worthless piece of paper . ” Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Iranian President
[ The U.S. dollar is ] “ losing its status as the world currency . ”
Xu Jian , vice director , People ’s Bank of China ,
“ It is the policy of the United States and it will remain the policy of the United States to remain committed to a strong dollar . ”
Timothy Geithner , U.S. Treasury Secretary , ( July 15 , 2009 )
[ The dollar will remain the world ’s dominant currency for ] “ many years to come . ”
He Yafei , China ’s vice foreign minister , ( July 5 , 2009 )
Presently , there is a vacuum in international affairs coming from the decline in the moral and economic stature of the United States .
It is a vacuum because no other country or organization has the credibility , legitimacy and capability to fill the gap .
This is particularly true in monetary and financial affairs .
By default , the U.S. dollar is de facto the main supranational key currency used to finance international trade and investment .
Many countries deplore this quasi monopoly of the dollar , the more so since the financial crisis that originated in the U. S. has spread around the world , and it has profoundly damaged the reputation of the United States and severely undermined the confidence that this country inspired in the past .
Add to that the illegal war of aggression that the Bush - Cheney launched against Iraq , a country that had not attacked the United States , and the lack of financial confidence in the USA is reinforced by a lack of political confidence .
The table is therefore set for revisiting the international monetary arrangements that were created in the aftermath of World War II .
What were they ?
In June 1944 , during a monetary conference held in Bretton Woods , New Hampshire , an attempt was made to create a new world currency , above and beyond the national currencies of particular countries .
Let ’s keep in mind that many decades before , the British pound had been used as the main international currency .
A first proposal for reform came from British economist John Maynard Keynes , who advanced the idea of creating a supranational currency , the bancor , to which other currencies would have been pegged and in which countries would have held their foreign exchange reserves .
An alternative plan was proposed by U.S. Treasury economist Harry D. White , in view of establishing a “ Gold Exchange Standard ” whose main characteristics was to use the U.S. dollar as the main key currency , the only currency then that was fully convertible and which had an official value in gold , initially at a rate of one dollar for 1/35 ounce of gold , and later , at a rate of 1/38 ounce of gold .
As we all know , this was the plan that was adopted .
Nevertheless , Keynes ’ idea was partially adopted when the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) created “ Special Drawing Rights ” ( SDRs ) in 1969 , to supplement the member countries ’ stocks of international reserves .
On August 15 1971 , however , the U.S. Government unilaterally ended its obligations to convert U.S. dollars into gold .
A few years later , in the aftermath of the first oil crisis , the rates of exchange of currencies of most of the industrial world were allowed to fluctuate with the state of their balances of payments , thus reducing considerably the need to hold foreign exchange reserves , most of which were still denominated in U.S. dollars .
— This is the system that has prevailed until now , that is to say a flexible exchange rate system with the U.S. dollar as the main key currency .
It seems nowadays that most everybody who holds dollar - denominated assets is calling for a new international monetary system .
The largest creditors , the Chinese , have initiated the debate , because they have the most to lose from the collapse of the U.S. dollar .
Even the Catholic Pope has thrown in his piece of advice .
What are the chances that there could be agreement on a new supranational key currency ?
— Close to none .
Essentially , this is because there is no viable alternative to the U.S. dollar as an international currency .
It is true that the United States , as a sovereign country , has abused and is still abusing its privileged position derived from the fact that its national currency is being used as the world key currency .
So much so that there is presently an oversupply of U.S. dollars around the world .
Over the years , the USA has built up huge external debts without having to suffer the full economic consequences of its profligacy .
Moreover , it has used it seigniorage gains to deploy troops and military equipment around the world , a move that has created much resentment .
Politically , thus , but also financially , the rest of the world finds it increasing difficult to have to rely mainly on the U.S. dollar to finance international trade and international capital movements .
It is therefore understandable that many countries would like to free the world from the obligation to use the U.S. dollar .
The most natural complement or substitute to the U.S. dollar as an international key currency would be the euro .
After all , this a currency backed by fourteen strong European countries ; a currency that is fully convertible into other currencies and a currency that is supported by large money and capital markets .
The euro ’s major weakness comes from its political base .
If the entire 27 - country strong European Union ( EU ) were backing the euro , its long - term international standing would be considerably enhanced .
With only half of the E.U countries backing it , the euro zone is vulnerable in the future to a possible dissolution under the pressures of economic hardships .
This is more so since the statutes of the European Central Bank are unduly rigid , not only freezing exchange rates between member states , which is OK , but also de facto freezing their fiscal policies , while the central bank itself has the goal of fighting inflation as its only objective .
It seems that the objective of supporting economic growth was left out of its statutes , with the consequence that it may be unable to ride successfully future serious economic disturbances .
For example , how long do you think countries like Spain are going to tolerate 17.9 percent levels of unemployment ?
— Nevertheless , already one quarter of the world ’s official reserves are in euros , as compare to a bit less than two - thirds in U.S. dollars .
Baring any mishap , the dollar and the euro should share a more equal proportion of international finance in the future .
It is also said that the Chinese renminbi ( its main unit is the yuan ) could be called to play the role of a global currency .
Since 2005 , China has adopted a managed floated exchange rate system for its currency , allowing the yuan to slowly appreciate vis -à - vis other currencies , as a partial reflection of its large foreign trade surpluses .
It is pointed out that by 2020 , China intends to designate the city of Shanghai as an international financial center , and that would mean that the renminbi could become fully convertible into other currencies .
Already , some transactions between Hong Kong and Macau , and Mainland China , are being settled in renminbis .
Realistically , however , it is most unlikely that a Chinese currency could play a large international role , at least not for decades to come .
Indeed , even though the Chinese government has some $ 2 trillion in official foreign reserves , China , itself as a country , has a very limited moral international stance .
It is still a totalitarian , authoritarian and repressive state regime that does not recognize basic human rights , such as freedom of expression and freedom of religion , and which crushes its linguistic and religious “ minority nationalities ” .
It is a country that imposes the death penalty , even for economic or political crimes .
— This is not an example to the world .
Only a fundamental political revolution in China could raise this country to a world political and monetary status .
This is most unlikely to happen in the foreseeable future and , therefore , no Chinese currency is likely to play a central role in financing international trade and investment .
It is one thing to wish to replace an international key currency , it is quite another to implement such a wish .
It ’s not that a series of bad policies has weakened the U.S. economy and the U.S. dollar , possibly for many years to come .
But the requirements for a national or international currency to be used as an investment vehicle are such that there is currently no credible successor to the U.S. dollar as a key currency .
There are three fundamental characteristics that a reserve currency must have : it must inspire confidence , it must be fully convertible into other currencies , and it must have a high degree of liquidity .
With the possible exception of the euro , no other currency meets these criteria , although creditor countries will likely increase the share of gold in their official reserves , pushing the price of gold way up in the coming years .
Therefore , for better or for worse , the world economy needs the U.S. dollar and will keep using the U.S. dollar for the foreseeable future , before a new international monetary system can be designed many years down the road .
— Therefore , you may ask where do I think the U.S. dollar is heading ?
With $ 2 trillion fiscal deficits under Treasury Secretary Geithner ’ watch , a zero interest rate ( negative real interest rate ) and an open bar printing monetary policy by the Bernanke Fed , there is currently an oversupply of U.S. dollars .
This should herald a period of continued weakness for the U.S. dollar , possibly for a year or two .
Then , the U.S. dollar should reach an important and secular climax low vis -a - vis the other fiat currencies , but not vis -a - vis gold whose future looks brighter by the day .
Rodrigue Tremblay is professor emeritus of economics at the University of Montreal and can be reached at [ email protected ] yahoo.com .
He is the author of the book ‘ The New American Empire ’ .
Visit his blog site at www.thenewamericanempire.com/blog .
Author ’s Website : http://www.thenewamericanempire.com/
Check out Dr. Tremblay ’s coming book “ The Code for Global Ethics ” at : http://www.TheCodeForGlobalEthics.com/
The French version of the book is now available .
See :
http://www.lecodepouruneethiqueglobale.com/
or on Amazon :
Register to be alerted when the English version is available by sending the word “ Code ” to [ email protected ]
Please visit the book site at :
http://www.TheCodeForGlobalEthics.com/
• Move signals formal end to Kremlin's war in the republic • Power of Chechen leader set to be strengthened
Russia today agreed to end its counterterrorist operations in Chechnya , in a move that signals the formal end of the Kremlin's war in the republic and enhances the power of Chechnya 's president , Ramzan Kadyrov .
Russia 's national anti-terrorist committee said military restrictions in force in Chechnya would be abolished from today .
Moscow has maintained a strict security regime for a decade in Chechnya , the scene of two wars against separatist rebels .
Russia 's prime minister , Vladimir Putin , sent troops into Chechnya in 1999 .
His aim was to win back the region , which had enjoyed de-facto independence since the first Chechen war in 1994 - 1996 .
The security regime included arbitrary arrests , roadblocks , curfews and restrictions on journalists .
This morning Kadyrov , a close ally of Putin , welcomed the decision to end anti-terrorist operations .
" We are extremely satisfied .
The modern Chechen republic is a peaceful and budding territory .
The end of the counterterrorist operation will spur on economic growth in the republic , " he told the Russian news agency Interfax .
However , the decision raises troubling questions about the growing autonomy enjoyed by Kadyrov , who inherited the job after his father , Akhmad , then Chechnya 's president , was killed in 2004 .
After winning the second Chechen war in 2000 , Putin entrusted the republic to Akhmad Kadyrov , a moderate former separatist .
In return for abandoning their struggle for independence , Akhmad Kadyrov and other ex-separatists were granted sweeping powers and autonomy denied to other Russian republics .
Moscow also agreed to turn a blind eye to human rights abuses .
The policy appeared to work .
Chechnya's shell - ridden capital , Grozny , was transformed .
But some inside the Kremlin have questioned whether Putin 's policy of entrusting power to Chechens - known as " Chechenisation " - has gone too far .
Kadyrov has been repeatedly accused of murdering his enemies , including the Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya , a critic who described him as a " coward armed to the teeth " .
He denies involvement in her death .
In January , a Chechen exile , Umar Israilov , who had accused Kadryov of torturing him was shot dead in a street in Vienna .
And last month , Sulim Yamadayev , a former Chechen rebel commander who fell out with Kadyrov , was shot dead in Dubai .
Police in the United Arab Emirates accused Kadyrov 's cousin and heir apparent , Adam Delimkhanov , of ordering the assassination .
Russian newspapers today suggested that some inside the Russian government now believe Kadyrov has grown far too powerful , but have little idea how to keep control of him .
One analyst said Chechnya now enjoys the kind of autonomy that its separatist leaders in the 1990s had failed to achieve , while remaining a part of the Russian Federation .
" It would be difficult to describe Chechnya as peaceful .
But Kadyrov has achieved ' stability ' in the Russian and Chechen definition of the word , " Sergei Markedonov , of Moscow 's Institute for Political and Military Studies , wrote in the Moscow Times .
" Nonetheless this stability has come at a very high price .
The flip side is that Chechnya 's internal political issues are largely resolved without Russia and with minimal adherence to federal laws , " he added .
" In this sense , a new type of separatism has won out in Chechnya . "
Russia 's national anti-terrorist committee today said the end of the counterterrorism operation was a chance for Chechnya to return to normal .
" This decision aims to create conditions to further normalise the situation in the region , to restore and develop its economic and social infrastructure , " it declared .
An amateur Miami archaelogist thinks his Brickell Avenue yard was once a miniature Jurassic Park , where dinosaurs roamed and an ancient civilization dwelled .
Ishmael " Golden Eagle " began digging in his back yard during the Cold War , searching for fresh water as rumors that Castro was poisoning the city 's water supply ran rampant .
As he shoveled through his yard , he began finding skulls , animal bones and religious artifacts including the ruins of a temple .
After 40 years , Eagle had excavated his entire yard .
" It 's been excavated .
And it 's a formation of prehistoric animals , " Eagle told WPLG .
" People come from all over to see these fossils because they 're very rare .
No one has fossils like these . "
Experts have examined the artifacts and told Eagle that they are from the Tequesta Indians , about 2,000 years old .
Eagle says not so fast .
He claims the fossils are more like 2 million years old .
Either way , Eagle has found some antiquities that would make Indiana Jones jealous .
Last week a North Korean court sentenced American journalists Euna Lee and Laura Ling to 12 years of " reform through labor . "
The women , arrested in March along the North 's border with China , were researching the plight of North Korean refugees who flee to China .
Their trial was closed , and their crimes -- other than the alleged illegal border crossing -- were unspecified .
In recent years , I have spent many hours interviewing refugees from North Korea , including some who escaped from re-education camps .
Their accounts of prison life accord with a recent assessment by the U.S. State Department .
Conditions are brutal and life threatening , according to the February report .
" Torture occurred , " the report notes matter - of - factly .
Refugees have spoken to me of newborns separated from their mothers and left to die .
North Koreans can end up in re-education camps for such crimes as listening to foreign radio broadcasts , secretly practicing a religion , or crossing the border to China in search of food .
Inmates are subjected to forced labor and are required to memorize political tracts .
They receive little food , no medical care and sometimes serve multiyear terms wearing the clothes in which they arrived at camp .
I interviewed a woman who had been wearing high heels when she was arrested and had to bind her feet in rags when those wore out .
Many prisoners die of abuse or malnutrition .
Political prisoners are held under even harsher conditions in kwan li so penal camps .
The Committee for Human Rights in North Korea estimates the number of political prisoners at 200,000 ; the State Department puts it at between 150,000 and 200,000 .
Political offenses include such crimes as sitting on a newspaper that contains a picture of dictator Kim Jong Il .
Punishment is often collective and can extend to three generations of the offender 's entire family .
Shin Dong - Hyok may be the only person to have escaped from a kwan li so camp .
Mr. Shin , now in his mid-20s and living in Seoul , was born and spent the first 22 years of his life in Camp No. 14 , a so - called total control facility .
In an interview at The Wall Street Journal 's headquarters in New York last year , Mr. Shin spoke of growing up .
His formal education was limited to the rudiments of reading and writing .
Because political prisoners are usually incarcerated for life , the camps do n't bother with political re-education ; Mr. Shin said he did n't even know who Kim Jong Il was until after his escape .
Nor did he understand the concept of money until , after his escape , he walked through a market and noticed bits of colored paper being exchanged for food .
The People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) — the same PETA that kills family pets in their Arlington , Virginia animal shelter — got bitch - slapped by Carla Bruni-Sarkozy , France 's first lady , after they sent her a letter condemning her use of fur in some outfits sent to her by fashion designers .
According to a story in the Washington Times , PETA 's US chapter had sent a letter ( which was " mysteriously " leaked to the Associated Press ) to Bruni - Sarkozi , citing some concerns they had about some photos that showed the former super model wearing what looked like fur .
So Bruni -Sarkozy leaked a letter back to them , by way of Dan Mathews , senior VP for PETA .
" Every designer who kindly lends me clothes for public appearances can tell you that I do not accept to wear fur pieces , even when they 're only a small part of the outfit . "
" I hope this letter answers the questions you may have had , " said Bruni - Sarkozi .
" Do not hesitate to write to me directly in the future or if you prefer to go through wire service , please take the time to check facts before publication .
" Smack !
Do n't waste your breath .
PETA has never been known for letting simple things like facts get in the way of a good publicity stunt .---
“ Here it is , ” Mr Medvedev said , according to Bloomberg .
“ You can see it and touch it . ”
The coin , which was minted in Belgium , was presented to all the leaders attending the G8 summit and bears the words ' unity in diversity . '
Tokin ’
Concerned with health issues such as increases in HIV and drug overdoses , in 2001 Portugal decriminalized the possession of small amounts of street drugs–not just marijuana but heroin , LSD , etc .
At the time the United Nations expressed skepticism that this would work .
There was a fear that there would be an increase in drug tourism and drug use .
However , according to a report recently released by the Cato Institute , “ [ Now ] there is no real debate about whether drugs should once again be criminalized .
More significantly , none of the nightmare scenarios touted by preenactment decriminalization opponents — from rampant increases in drug usage among the young to the transformation of Lisbon into a haven for “ drug tourists ” — has occurred .. ”
Just a few hours ago , a new report from the United Nations declares , “ Portugal ’s policy has reportedly not led to an increase in drug tourism …
” It also appears that a number of drug - related problems have decreased . ”
The Cahto Institute ’s report explains that five years after the implementation of decriminialization , “ … the number of deaths from street drug overdoses dropped from around 400 to 290 annually , and the number of new HIV cases caused by using dirty needles to inject heroin , cocaine and other illegal substances plummeted from nearly 1,400 in 2000 to about 400 in 2006 . ”
Common sense is now backed by hard facts .
Let ’s stop the violence and the wasted lives .
Let ’s decriminialize drug use .
_______________________
Hat Tip to
Olmanriver
Huffington Post
The Scientific American
See Also As it Stands
Speaking to a group of market analysts this week , Microsoft Chief Executive Steve Ballmer repeatedly mentioned Apple , including a suggestion that a growing rate of Mac adoption is statistically insignificant .
" Share versus Apple , you know , we think we may have ticked up a little tick , " Ballmer said at the 2009 Financial Analyst Meeting , " but when you get right down to it , it 's a rounding error .
Apple 's share change , plus or minus from ours , they took a little share a couple quarters , we took share back a couple quarters . "
The Microsoft executive said he expects Windows to continue to trade market share with Mac OS X back and forth , though he added he feels taking customers from Apple is a limited resource .
" Apple 's share globally cost us nothing , " he said .
" Now , hopefully , we will take share back from Apple , but you know , Apple still only sells about 10 million PCs , so it is a limited opportunity . "
The 40 - minute speech covered a variety of Apple - related topics , including product pricing , advertising , and the number of Macs in the audience .
Ballmer noted the large number of Apple machines in the crowd as he spoke , saying the Windows maker has a " low share " in the investor audience .
" I can see the Apple logos versus the PC logos , " Ballmer told the crowd .
" So we have more work to do , more work to do .
Our share is lower in this audience than the average audience .
But do n't hide it .
I 've already counted them .
I have been doing that since we started talking . "
The CEO also , in a roundabout way , acknowledged that Apple is known for making higher - quality hardware than Microsoft 's PC partners .
But Ballmer said he expects consumers to be surprised at some of the new offerings available this fall alongside the debut of its new operating system , Windows 7 .
" At least when Apple attacks us , the primary attack that comes from Apple is , ' Hey , at the end of the day , we have the coolest hardware , ' " he said .
" When you see the hardware , the PC designs that will come out this Christmas with Windows 7 , I think that conventional wisdom can begin to really change .
There is some really amazing , amazing work .
So it is possible to get great hardware innovation , even when hardware and software comes from separate companies . "
Microsoft 's top official said Windows falls in between OS X and Linux into the market sweet spot — not too expensive , not too cheap .
Just weeks ago , Ballmer laughed off the threat of Google 's open source Chrome OS .
This week he said Microsoft 's goal is to dominate the market , rather than carve out a niche .
" We do not , say , like Apple , believe in low volume , very high prices , very — Apple is a great company , does a fine job .
But their model says high margin , high quality , high price , " he said .
" That 's kind of how they come to market .
We say we want big market share .
But with big market share , you take a lower price . "
Recently Microsoft changed one of its advertisements attacking the high cost of Apple products after legal threats .
The Microsoft executive spoke about those commercials , but did not talk about the recent controversy .
Instead , he said the " Laptop Hunters " ads have changed some public perception about the Microsoft brand as it relates to Apple .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Opposition leader Mirhossein Mousavi plans to attend weekly prayers in Tehran on Friday in his first official public appearance since a disputed vote that provoked mass protests by his pro-reform supporters last month .
EDITORS ' NOTE : Reuters and other foreign media are subject to Iranian restrictions on leaving the office to report , film or take pictures in Tehran .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad waits for Oman 's Foreign Minister Youssef bin Alawi bin Abdullah before an official meeting in Tehran July 11 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Morteza Nikoubazl
The sermon at Tehran University , which is broadcast live by state radio and can reach a huge audience , will be led by former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , a rival of re-elected President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
It takes place a day after Ahmadinejad accused Western powers of interfering in the June 12 election .
He signaled a tougher foreign policy approach by his next government , due to take office in August .
Ahmadinejad also issued veiled criticism of Rafsanjani , a Mousavi supporter whom the hardline president enraged during a bitterly fought election campaign by accusing him of corruption .
“ Nobody has the right to recognize special rights or incentives for himself or his relatives , ” Ahmadinejad said in a speech in the northeastern city of Mashhad on Thursday evening .
Rafsanjani , an influential cleric who was president in the 1990s , will lead the prayers after a two - month absence .
Some of his relatives , including his daughter Faezeh , were arrested briefly for taking part in pro-Mousavi rallies .
June ’s election stirred the most striking display of internal dissent in Iran since the 1979 Islamic revolution and exposed deepening divisions in its establishment .
At least 20 people died in post-election violence .
Mousavi and the authorities blame each other for the bloodshed .
The security forces have managed to largely quell last month ’s street demonstrations , but Mousavi has remained defiant .
VIGILANT
Anoush Ehteshami , an Iran expert at Britain ’s Durham University , said he did not expect a confrontation between Mousavi and Ahmadinejad supporters during the prayers , when worshippers usually gather both inside and outside the university .
“ I do n’t think so .
I think they will try and keep the lid on it , ” he said .
“ I doubt very much Ahmadinejad will be there .
This is if you like the reformers ’ turn at Friday prayer . ”
Mousavi , Ahmadinejad ’s main moderate challenger in the vote , says it was rigged in the incumbent ’s favor .
The president rejects the charge and has called it the world ’s “ healthiest ” election .
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has endorsed Ahmadinejad ’s victory , but Mousavi says the next government will be illegitimate .
The election also strained ties between Iran and the West , already at odds over Tehran ’s nuclear program .
Western powers criticized the protest crackdown and Iran , the world ’s fifth - largest oil exporter , accused them of meddling .
On Tuesday , the pro-reform Etemad newspaper said Mousavi ’s reformist ally , former President Mohammad Khatami , would also attend the prayers .
“ Since I regard as obligatory responding to the invitation of the ... supporters in the path of safeguarding legitimate rights of a free and honorable life , I will maintain a presence alongside you on Friday , ” a statement on Mousavi ’s website said .
Another defeated candidate , pro-reform cleric Mehdi Karoubi , will also attend , his party ’s website said .
Clearly reflecting concern the event may turn into a show of strength by Ahmadinejad ’s pro-reform opponents , Intelligence Minister Gholamhossein Mohseni - Ejei told Fars News Agency , “ The vigilant Iranian nation must be aware that tomorrow ’s sermon should not turn into an arena for undesirable scenes . ”
IN THE PREVIOUS PARTS OF THIS SERIES , I described the path by which I , as a young , Bible - believing Christian , became more and more convinced that insofar as the Bible spoke to the issue of abortion it was on the pro-choice side .
The central question which I researched was what the Bible had to say about when an egg became a person .
Various theological themes — spirit / breath , naming — and even pragmatic questions , like who got counted in a census , all pointed to the moment of birth or later .
But I wanted something more definite : something closer to the actual issue .
Then , as I explained last time , I happened on Exodus 21:22 - 25 :
22 If men strive , and hurt a woman with child , so that her fruit depart from her , and yet no mischief follow : he shall be surely punished , according as the woman 's husband will lay upon him ; and he shall pay as the judges determine .
23
And if any mischief follow , then thou shalt give life for life , 24 Eye for eye , tooth for tooth , hand for hand , foot for foot , 25 Burning for burning , wound for wound , stripe for stripe .
Two men , fighting , cause a woman to miscarry .
The penalty God assigns for this is a fine , paid to the husband — the normal penalty in this part of the Bible for the death of livestock , not of a person .
The very same passage says that if the woman — a person — gets hurt as well , the penalty is an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth , a life for a life .
The miscarriage is treated as a property loss , for which the husband can expect to be compensated financially .
But if someone actually dies , then its a matter of murder , or at least manslaughter .
In other words , this passage does not consider a miscarriage to be the death of a person .
But , as I pointed out in part five , there is an ingenious anti-abortion interpretation of this passage .
According to the anti-abortion camp :
" Her fruit departing from her " really just means that she gives birth to a normal , healthy baby .
That 's why it says " no mischief follows " .
That means that the baby is normal and healthy and there 's no negative fallout from the accident at all .
So the following section is talking not about the woman but about the baby .
It 's saying that if something does happen to the baby then the penalty is " an eye for and eye , a life for a life , etc . "
And when it says " a life for a life " that 's proof positive that it considers the unborn baby to be a full - fledged person , and its death to be murder .
I promised , at the end of part 5 , to explain what was wrong with this re-interpretation of the passage .
Whether you 're a believer or not — but especially if you are — it 's important , when interpreting a text , to pay attention to context .
Elsewhere , I 've made this same point about Jesus ' famous remark concerning rich people and the eye of a needle .
All of the interpretations of that verse which let the wealthy off Jesus ' hook simply ignore the context .
They ignore the fact that his disciples clearly understand him to be talking about an impossibility , and that Jesus responds to them on that basis .
Likewise , in this passage , any alternative interpretation has to be tested against the context as a whole .
But that presents a problem for the anti-abortion reframe .
The penalty prescribed is a fine , which is the same penalty required for the death of a piece of livestock — to compensate the owner for his loss .
If the baby was born perfectly healthy , if there was , indeed , no harm done , even to the fetus , and the father , instead of losing his " investment " has only gained a new child , then what was the fine for ?
The entire interpretation outlined above completely ignores the fact that the situation the law is aimed at — the situation in which the woman loses " her fruit " and " no mischief follows " — is considered a loss for the husband on the level of having one of his bulls killed .
Why in the world would the husband require compensation for the birth of a healthy , normal child , who ( " no mischief follows " ) remains normal and healthy ?
The obvious meaning , the one I began with , not only explains why there is a penalty ( which is , after all , the point of the passage ) , but also makes perfect sense of the nature of the penalty .
If the ancient Hebrews did n't think of the child as a person until after it was born ( which , remember , fits with all the other themes I had already examined ) then a penalty on the level of cow or a bull would make perfect sense .
But the convoluted anti-abortion re-interpretation above not only fails to make sense of the kind of penalty , but fails to explain why there should be one at all .
On one hand , you can interpret those verses as saying that if a man is presented with a healthy child who continues to thrive , he has suffered a harm on the level of losing an animal .
If you take that approach , you also have to believe that the passage has no concern at all over whether his wife has been hurt or even killed in the process .
On the other hand , you can interpret those verses as saying that if a man 's wife miscarries he has suffered a harm , and deserves recompense .
In that case , the rest of the passage says that if anything happens to his wife the law of an eye for an eye applies , as we would expect .
The first interpretation makes absolutely no sense .
Why would the birth of a healthy , thriving child be the occasion of a penalty and recompense ?
The second interpretation not only fits with all the other themes in the Bible on this point , but also with modern practice even among most anti-abortionists .
Remember , most of them treat a miscarriage as a loss , but not on the same level as the death of a person .
They do not hold a funeral .
They do not give the miscarriage a name .
And there is no evidence of that kind of behavior in the Bible , either .
But they do consider it a loss .
The anti-abortion spin on this passage obviously makes no sense to anyone who is n't simply desperate to twist the plain meaning of the text .
So that 's how I came to be pro-choice , while still an almost fanatically conservative Christian .
The Bible is no longer a magic book for me , and I have other reasons for being pro-choice now .
But I still find it interesting just why , and how , I came to the position based on the same beliefs that many anti-abortionists hold today .
That 's also the reason that I believe most conservative Christian anti-abortionists still take that position primarily for political reasons , not reasons of faith .
They have only consulted their Bibles after making up their minds , and the only thought they give to a passage like the one above is how to explain it away .
It 's another example of what I 've called " political rhetoric " elsewhere : language and reasoning designed to lead to a certain place , rather than to discover the truth .
And it 's another example of why the political right repeatedly turns to the religious right for support .
At least , that 's what I think today .
This project will help you create a halo of wild LED color whenever you go out I 've been wearing one of these for two years at conferences , schools , burning man .. and Makerfaire and I always have happy people coming up to take a look .
People will smile when you 're wearing yours !
They smiled when I wore it here
The construction is simple providing you have the secret ingredient which is a length of RGB lighting strip based on the HL1606 LED controller from Wuxi Asic 's Corp in China .
I got mine while on a business trip in Shanghai .
These light strips are becoming popular for signage and architectural lighting around the world .
I have attached a picture of the 5 Meter strand I bought along with it 's controller box .
While they are n't common in this country ( yet ) , there are several suppliers in the orient who will ship you some of this magic stuff .
Check out these suppliers .
Supplier 1 , supplier 2 . There will be many more soon , no doubt !
( Note : watch this space ..
I think I may be buying some of these stripes from China soon .
I 'd be happy to get some for folks if there 's interest )
These light strips consist of a flexible copper tape with very (! ) bright surface mount RGB LED 's spaced at every inch .
Each pair of LED 's is controlled by an HL 1606 .
The strips are sold in many lengths each composed of shorter lengths which contain 20 LED 's with 10 driver chips .
My headband is made of one of those 20 LED segments .
The real trick to making this work was reverse engineering the HL 1606 .
This chip is a mystery .. with no English language documentation , and only very marginal documentation in Chinese .
Using a scope , a demo driver I purchased , and rough translation of the documentation I was able to reverse engineer the signaling required to drive the strips .
The input signaling uses a Serial Peripheral Interface ( SPI ) bus which uses one data pin ( D_I ) .. and a clock pin ( C_I ) to shift in the control bits to load the color info to the strip .
A Latch signal ( L_I ) is used to latch the data for one HL 1606 and pass it 's old data to the chip on it's right .
There is also a pulse width modulation ( PWM ) control pin ( S_I ) which controls color brightness and fades .
Note this project does not use these fade features due to code size restrictions .. but they are very cool to explore .
Once I figured it out , it was pretty straightforward to program a micro controller to drive the strips .
I used a PICAXE 08 - M . I chose the PICAXE because a ) I had them laying around :-) and b ) they require very few external components to use .
The PICAXE 08 M is a Microchip PIC12F683 which comes preloaded with a simple tokenized basic interpreter
The PICAXE family as a nice , easy to use integrated development environment which is available free of charge for download here .
All that was left was to write the code , download it to the PICAXE , and solder it together .
Happy Building !!!
Much can be done in Illustrator without relying on the Pen tool , as demonstrated by the recent hourglass tutorial .
Utilizing only simple , predefined shapes , as well as tools like the Pathfinder and transformations , entire illustrations can be created from scratch .
In this tutorial , we 'll create an icon suitable for portraying options , settings , preferences , etc. , similar to OS X's system preferences icon .
So let 's get started !
Want access to the full Vector Source files and downloadable copies of every tutorial , including this one ?
Join Vector Plus for just 9 $ a month .
Step 1
Begin by creating a new document of any size you 'd like , I 've used 600 px by 400 px , as that 's the size used for the tutorial images .
We 'll start with drawing the gear .
First , draw a circle and center it relative to the artboard ( by doing this we can easily align all of the shapes we 'll need to draw ) .
Then draw three more circles that get progressively smaller toward the center ( and center them in the artboard ) .
Also , add a light gray fill to the circles , which will make it easier to work with the Pathfinder pallet when we cut out pieces of the circles .
Step 2
Next , select the largest and second largest circles , then open the Pathfinder palette and click the Minus Front button to subtract the smaller circle from the larger one .
Now select the other two smaller circles , and do the same .
Step 3
Next , draw a rectangle , center it vertically in the artboard , and place it over the top half of the circles .
Select it , and click the Rotate Tool in the toolbox .
Hold down
Alt and click the very center of the circles to place the light blue origin point there , and a dialog box will appear .
We can now rotate the rectangle relative to the center of the circles .
Since we want six of these spokes on the gear , enter 60 for the angle in degrees ( 360 / 6 = 60 ) .
Then , click copy to make a copy of the rectangle rotated .
Finally , with the new rectangle still selected , press Command +
D to repeat the transformation three more times , until you have five evenly spaced rectangles .
Step 4
Select all of the shapes , then in the Pathfinder palette click the Unite button to merge them into a single shape .
Finally , select the new shape and rotate it 30 degrees by selecting Object > Transform >
Rotate from the menu .
Step 5
Now we 've got the basis for our gear , but it 's lacking the critical attribute that makes a gear a gear - the teeth !
So , draw a small rectangle as shown below .
Select the rectangle , and then go to Effect > Warp > Arc... enter - 6 for Bend , and leave Horizontal and Vertical Distortion at 0 , and click OK .
Then , select Effect > Stylize > Rounded Corners ... , enter 6 for the Radius in pixels , and click OK .
Step 6
Now that we 've got our tooth , center it vertically in the artboard , and place it over the gear so that the outer edge of the gear meets just where the bottom corners of the tooth begin to curve .
Then , select the tooth and select Object >
Expand Appearance to trace out the effects we added into a path .
Step 7
We now need to rotate the tooth around the rest of the gear , and we 'll do it the same way we did earlier with the spokes .
Start by selecting the tooth and then the Rotate Tool from the toolbar .
Then ,
Alt - click the very center of the gear .
Since we want 18 teeth , enter a value of 20 for the angle in degrees ( 360 / 18 = 20 ) .
And click copy to rotate a copy of the tooth .
With the second tooth still selected , press Command + D 16 more times , for a total of 18 teeth .
And finally , select all of the shapes and again click Unite in the Pathfinder palette to merge everything into a single shape .
Step 8
At this point we can remove the stroke from the gear and fill it with a slightly darker shade of gray ( I used # C6C8CA ) .
Select the gear and copy it ( Command + C ) , and paste it directly behind the original ( Command + B ) .
Then , fill it with a dark gray and nudge it down a few pixels .
And do the same thing again ( copying the original gear and pasting it in back ) , but this time fill it with white and nudge it up a number of pixels ( you might not see it unless you change your background color ) .
Now we can group all three shapes together , but before we do , make a copy of the top , light gray gear and move it off to the side - we 'll need it later .
Step 9
Draw a circle slightly larger than the smallest opening at the center of the gear , and add a thin stroke to it ( enough to overlap both sides of the inner edge of the opening - I used 15 px ) .
Select Object >
Path >
Outline Stroke to trace out the stroke .
Fill the new shape with a dark to light gray gradient ( from top to bottom ) .
And finally select the shape and send it to the back ( Command + Left Bracket key , or right - click and select Arrange > Send to Back ) .
Step 10
Now repeat the same process as in the last step , but overlap the second largest circular edge as shown below .
Fill this circle with a dark to light gray radial gradient , going from dark in the center to light toward the edges .
Step 11
Now , select this shape , copy it ( Command + C ) and paste it directly in front ( Command + F ) .
Now change its gradient from radial to linear .
Then , change its blending mode ( in the Transparency palette ) to Overlay and lower its Opacity to 50 % .
And finally , select both of the ring shapes and send them to the very back ( Command + Left Bracket key ) .
Step 12
We 've almost finished the gear .
The last step is to add a bit of a metallic texture to it .
Alright , so we do have to use the Pen Tool , but this is the only time , and it 's easy - promise . :)
Draw a few oddly shaped triangles ( some distortion is good , we do n't want them perfectly equilateral ) , and have their points all converging in the center .
Now fill them with varying shades of gray .
Select all of the shapes and group them ( Command +G ) .
Then , select Effect > Blur > Radial Blur ...
Enter 50 for the amount , and set the method to Spin .
Note : the radial blur effect is quite processor - intensive , so if you 're working on a slower computer , you can set the quality to Draft for now .
This will greatly speed up rendering of the effect , and you can easily go back and change it to Good or Best before you save the final product as a graphic or print it .
Step 13
Still have that copy of the original gear shape we made way back a while ago ?
Good , because now it 's time to use it ( and just in case , in your infinite wisdom , you decided not to follow my advice to make a copy , you can just make a copy of it now .
Once you 've got the shape , move it over the top of the metal texture , and center them with each other .
Select both objects , and then select Object > Clipping Mask > Make ( Command + 7 ) .
And finally , center the shape horizontally and vertically in the artboard , and group all of the shapes together that compose the gear .
And we 're finished with that !
Step 14
Now it 's time to create the box that will contain our gears ( and form the boundaries and shape of our icon ) .
Start be creating a rectangle that covers about 2/3 of the gear .
Fill it with a light to medium gray gradient .
Next , select Effect > Stylize > Round Corners ... , enter 20 px for the radius , and click OK .
Then , select Object >
Expand Appearance to convert the rounded corners into a path .
Step 15
Continue by drawing a smaller rectangle above the first .
This will designate our window through which we 'll see the gears .
Center it with the first rectangle .
Select both rectangles ...
... and click the Minus Front button in the Pathfinder palette to cut the smaller rectangle out of the larger one .
Step 16
We 'll now repeat the process again that we did earlier with the gear , to create the inner bevel around the window .
Start by drawing a rectangle a bit larger than the window opening .
Change it 's stroke to something fairly thick , enough to overlap the window edge ( I used 20 px ) .
Send it to the back ( Command + Left Bracket key ) .
Select Object >
Path >
Outline Stroke to trace out the path into a shape .
And fill it with a black to white gradient ( top to bottom ) .
Step 17
We 'll repeat the same process one last time to create the bevel around the outer edge .
Draw the slightly smaller rectangle and change it to a thick stroke .
But this time before we outline it , we 'll round the corners to match the box .
Now outline the stroke and send it to the back .
And finally , fill it with a gray to white gradient ( bottom to top this time ) .
Step 18
Now we need to add the perforated metal backing to the box .
Start by drawing a rectangle slightly larger than the window opening , and fill it with a dark gray .
To add the perforated holes , draw two small circles , one smaller than the other , and place them in the top - left corner of the rectangle .
Fill the smaller one in front with black and the larger one behind with a dark gray to white gradient ( top to bottom ) .
Group the two circles together and select Object > Transform > Move ...
Enter 40 px for horizontal and 0px for vertical , and click Copy .
Now with the second hole still selected , press Command +
D to repeat the transformation .
Keep repeating until you have a row about the same width as the rectangle .
Then , group the row of holes together .
Step 19
Select the row and go to Object > Transform > Move ... again .
This time , enter 0px for horizontal and - 40 px for vertical and click Copy .
Now press Command +
D again to repeat the transformation .
Once you 've filled the rectangle , select all of the rows , and group them into a single object .
Step 20
Select the grouped holes and again , and select Object > Transform > Move ... and this time enter 20px for horizontal and - 20 px for vertical .
Click Copy , and then select all of the holes and group them one more time .
And finally , select the grouped holes and the rectangle and center them relative to each other .
Step 21
To complete the box , group the holes and rectangle and move them behind the frame we created earlier .
Select the inner bevel shape of the frame , and add a drop shadow to it .
Then , add a drop shadow to the outer bevel shape as well .
Step 22
Now that we 've got the main components done , all that 's left to do is assemble them !
Start by making two copies of the gear ( make sure to group all of the shapes first ) and place them in the bottom corners of the main one .
Add a drop shadow to each of the gears , and then group all three .
You can also rearrange them however you 'd like ( I move the two front gears a bit farther up , so they 'll be more visible through the window ) .
Now , draw a rectangle the same size as the window opening ( or it can be a bit larger , just not smaller ) , and place it over the gears .
You can position it however you 'd like , as whatever is covered by the rectangle is all that will show through in the final image .
Once you 've positioned it how you want , select both the gear group and the rectangle , and then select Object > Clipping Mask >
Make .
Step 23
Drag the gears into the box and center the box and gears with each other .
Then , send the gears to the back and bring them forward until they 're directly above the perforated backing , but behind the frame .
And finally , the last step is to add the reflection to simulate a glass window over the opening .
Create a rectangle the width of the opening and about 1/2 the height .
Then draw a large ellipse above the rectangle .
We 're only really interested in the arc it creates over the bottom of the rectangle , so make sure it completely covers the rest .
Select both the ellipse and the rectangle , and then select Intersect in the Pathfinder palette .
Then delete the excess shapes .
Step 24
Now , add a transparent gradient to the shape ( from top to bottom , with the top being more opaque and the bottom being more transparent ) .
This can be done in Illustrator CS4 with the transparent gradients , or in earlier versions with an opacity mask .
For Illustrator CS4
In the gradient palette , add two white color stops , one at each end .
Set mode to Linear and the angle to - 90 degrees .
Then , set the transparency of the left stop to 100 % and the right stop to 50 % .
Then , set the overall transparency of the shape to 50 % ( in the Transparency palette ) .
In addition , send the shape backwards until it is above the gears and backing , but behind the outer frame ( so that the shadow is visible over it ) .
For Illustrator CS3 and Earlier
Fill the object with solid white , and then copy it ( Command +C ) and paste the copy in front ( Command + F ) .
Add a linear gradient to it , with a - 90 degree angle .
Drag a color stop to each end , and make the left one white and the right one 50 % gray .
Then , select both reflection shapes and click the small menu icon in the top right corner of the Transparency palette .
In the menu that pops up , select Make Opacity Mask .
And finally , lower the overall transparency of the shape to 60 % .
In addition , send the shape backwards until it is above the gears and backing , but behind the outer frame ( so that the shadow is visible over it ) .
Conclusion
We 're finished !
Hopefully this tutorial has demonstrated some of the power of simple shapes , transformations , and tools like the Pathfinder , and how they can be used to produce quality illustrations and graphics .
Good luck with your own work !
Subscribe to the Vectortuts + RSS
Feed to stay up to date with the latest vector tutorials and articles .
Tags
[ An audio version of this article , read by the author , is available as a free MP3 download . ]
In case you 've ever wondered what it must have been like to read Pravda , reading the American media 's treatment of the financial crisis and our wise leaders ' expert management of it all has given everyone a wonderful opportunity .
For instance , check out this piece from several days ago on Politico .
If you can't bring yourself to click on the link , I 'll give you the headline : " Obama Would Regulate New ' Bubbles . ' "
Yes , you read that right .
" Bubbles " just occur spontaneously .
They have no cause or explanation .
We need government to identify and destroy them .
Sometimes I wish our overlords would get their stories straight .
First , Alan Greenspan — whom the New York Times once described , in its typical toadying , totalitarian fashion , as " the infallible maestro of our financial system " — told us it was impossible to tell if a bubble existed at any given time .
Now we have Barack Obama insisting that not only can we detect bubbles , but we can also deflate them with sufficient dispatch to prevent them from causing any serious economic disturbances .
How are we peons to decide between the competing views of our infallible maestro on the one hand and the man who would be FDR on the other ?
I should n't be so cynical .
It is not for us to question how our overlords intend to distinguish between genuine growth in some industry on the one hand and bubble conditions on the other .
Just to be safe they may have to quash all rapid growth wherever it occurs .
Perhaps they can cut off credit to an entire sector of the economy , or levy industry - specific taxation .
( Anyone who thinks this type of discretion and micromanagement might be exercised with political motivations in mind , or for any purpose other than the common good , is almost surely a good candidate for surveillance in our progressive commonwealth . )
In their quest to free us from economic instability , our betters may find it necessary to institute new rules .
It is our job to accept these new rules with docility and thanks .
These rules might have to be kind of sweeping , perhaps on the order of nobody may do anything .
In liberal times that could perhaps be modified to nobody may do anything without asking permission .
True , we could then wind up with a lengthy debate about whether asking permission itself counted as doing something , such that we'd need to ask permission in order to ask permission , in an endless regress .
We'd then be back to the original nobody may do anything , which is probably the safest place to be anyway .
Or perhaps our rulers could shut down the electrical grid from time to time .
I 'd like to see those greedy fat cats inflate a bubble without any electricity !
Now the possibility that the government itself could be the primary culprit in the generation of asset bubbles is of course not merely rejected ; the very idea cannot even be entertained .
The great progressive institutions of government and central banking the causes rather than the solutions to our problems ?
Impossible !
Everyone knows Bad Things happen in the economy because of wicked speculators and grasping businessmen .
If someone were to ask whether the Federal Reserve 's creation of $ 8 billion out of thin air every week on average for four solid years might have had a tiny bit to do with the housing bubble , well , we'd have to remind such a cynic that the Fed was created in order to give us macroeconomic stability .
Our present crisis was caused by excessive " leverage , " you see — though we wo n't bother asking where major economic actors managed to get all this credit in the first place .
That might lead people to ask hard questions about the Fed yet again , and as we 've seen , the Fed is our Wonderful , Stabilizing Friend .
It is true that Anna Schwartz , the famous monetarist ( and not an Austrian economist ) , recently observed that asset bubbles cannot form without loose monetary policy by the central bank to fund them .
If you investigate individually the manias that the market has so dubbed over the years , in every case , it was expansive monetary policy that generated the boom in an asset .
The particular asset varied from one boom to another .
But the basic underlying propagator was too - easy monetary policy and too - low interest rates that induced ordinary people to say , well , it 's so cheap to acquire whatever is the object of desire in an asset boom , and go ahead and acquire that object .
And then of course if monetary policy tightens , the boom collapses .
( Schwartz also rejects former Fed chairman Alan Greenspan 's " attempt to exculpate himself " for the housing bubble . )
Schwartz is here echoing what Austrian economist Ludwig von Mises said decades earlier .
A sudden drive for a particular kind of investment will raise the prices of complementary factors of production as well as the interest rate itself .
In order for a mania - driven boom to persist , there would have to be an increasing supply of credit in order to fund it , since investments in that sector would grow steadily more costly over time .
That could not occur in the absence of credit expansion .
The dot -com and housing bubbles can both be explained by artificial credit expansion , say such economists .
If we are to believe these economists , the best way to prevent future asset bubbles would be to stop the Fed from creating so much money out of thin air in the first place .
Better still , we should abolish the Fed altogether , since in the view of these economists it is entirely superfluous to a market economy .
Again , though , our trust should be in princes .
After all , Austin Goolsbee , an economic adviser to the president , assures us that Obama will be on the lookout for both bubbles and busts .
The president , Politico notes , is
prepared to intervene to make sure that kind of red - hot growth does n't occur .
And he 's willing to do it with added government regulation if needed to prevent any one sector of the economy from getting out of balance — the way the dot - com boom did in the 1990s and the real - estate market did earlier this decade .
See , those things just happened !
No cause .
They just happened .
And government will protect us from them .
Mark Zandi , a former economic adviser to John McCain , adds that " policymakers always intervene in a downturn .
So it is necessary for policy makers to take action against bubbles .
You 've got to be symmetrical in your policy . "
What we need , says Zandi , is a " systemic regulator " who will decide whether or not bubbles exist and then take appropriate action .
( See how much different a McCain administration would have been on the economy ? )
Naysayers may point out that the Fed 's own economists denied that a housing bubble existed , and that , as we observed earlier , Greenspan himself believes it 's impossible to detect bubbles at all .
But surely one more regulator , a big , giant , super - duper regulator , should be able to get things right .
Some people say the market is the best regulator .
After all , the free market does n't pump up the money supply and push interest rates down to levels that promote unsustainable bubbles .
The free market punishes reckless risk takers , while it is government that bails them out ( and thereby encourages them to take greater risks in the future ) .
It was the Fed , not the free market , from which the " Greenspan put " — the implicit promise to bail out major Wall Street players — emerged .
The Financial Times warned that these guarantees were encouraging dangerously risky investments .
The free market makes no such guarantees , and thereby cultivates a more cautious class of entrepreneur .
But enough with these naysayers .
I for one welcome our new overlords .
Every American citizen could stand to learn from that model of filial piety , Britney Spears , who urged , " I think we should just trust our president in every decision he makes and should just support that , you know , and be faithful in what happens . "
Amen .
Here 's a sweet idea for tech - geeks : a colorful circuit board made out of candy !
Sarah Jargstorf made this cake topper out of chocolate , frosting , and candy to go on her boyfriend 's birthday cake .
[ via Neatorama ]
Related : Circuit Boards Powered by Corn Syrup
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
By Robert Samuelson - June 15 , 2009
WASHINGTON --
It 's hard to know whether President Obama 's health care " reform " is naive , hypocritical or simply dishonest .
Probably all three .
The president keeps saying it 's imperative to control runaway health spending .
He 's right .
The trouble is that what 's being promoted as health care " reform " almost certainly wo n't suppress spending and , quite probably , will do the opposite .
A new report from Obama 's own Council of Economic Advisers shows why controlling health costs is so important .
Since 1975 , annual health spending per person , adjusted for inflation , has grown 2.1 percentage points faster than overall economic growth per person .
Should this trend continue , the CEA projects that :
-- Health spending , which was 5 percent of the economy ( gross domestic product , GDP ) in 1960 and is reckoned at almost 18 percent today , would grow to 34 percent of GDP by 2040 -- a third of the economy .
-- Medicare and Medicaid , the government insurance programs for the elderly and poor , would increase from 6 percent of GDP now to 15 percent in 2040 -- roughly equal to three - quarters of present federal spending .
-- Employer - paid insurance premiums for family coverage , which grew 85 percent in inflation - adjusted terms from 1996 to $ 11,941 in 2006 , would increase to $ 25,200 by 2025 and $ 45,000 in 2040 ( all figures in " constant 2008 dollars " ) .
The huge costs would force employers to reduce take - home pay .
The message in these dismal figures is that uncontrolled health spending is almost single - handedly determining national priorities .
It 's reducing discretionary income , raising taxes , widening budget deficits and squeezing other government programs .
Worse , much medical spending is wasted , the CEA report says .
It does n't improve Americans ' health ; some care is unneeded or ineffective .
The Obama administration 's response is to talk endlessly about restraining health spending -- " bending the curve ' ' is the buzz -- as if talk would suffice .
The president summoned the heads of major health care trade groups representing doctors , hospitals , drug companies and medical device firms to the White House .
All pledged to bend the curve .
This is mostly public relations .
Does anyone believe that the American Medical Association can control the nation 's 800,000 doctors or that the American Hospital Association can command the 5,700 hospitals ?
The central cause of runaway health spending is clear .
Hospitals and doctors are paid mostly on a fee - for - service basis and reimbursed by insurance , either private or governmental .
The open - ended payment system encourages doctors and hospitals to provide more services -- and patients to expect them .
It also favors new medical technologies , which are made profitable by heavy use .
Unfortunately , what pleases providers and patients individually hurts the nation as a whole .
That 's the crux of the health care dilemma , and Obama has n't confronted it .
His emphasis on controlling costs is cosmetic .
The main aim of health care " reform " now being fashioned in Congress is to provide insurance to most of the 46 million uncovered Americans .
This is popular and seems the moral thing to do .
After all , hardly anyone wants to be without insurance .
But the extra coverage might actually worsen the spending problem .
How much healthier today 's uninsured would be with that coverage is unclear .
They already receive health care -- $ 116 billion worth in 2008 , estimates Families USA , an advocacy group .
Some is paid by the uninsured themselves ( 37 percent ) , some by government and charities ( 26 percent ) .
The remaining " uncompensated care " is either absorbed by doctors and hospitals or shifted to higher private insurance premiums .
Some uninsured would benefit from coverage , but others would n't .
Either they 're healthy ( 40 percent are between ages 18 and 34 ) or would receive ineffective care .
The one certain consequence of expanding insurance coverage is that it would raise spending .
When people have insurance , they use more health services .
That 's one reason why Obama 's campaign proposal was estimated to cost $ 1.2 trillion over a decade ( the other reason is that the federal government would pick up some costs now paid by others ) .
Indeed , the higher demand for health care might raise costs across the board , increasing both government spending and private premiums .
No doubt the health program that Congress fashions will counter this reality by including some provisions intended to cut costs ( " bundled payments " to hospitals , " evidence - based guidelines , " electronic record keeping ) .
In the past , scattershot measures have barely affected health spending .
What 's needed is a fundamental remaking of the health care sector -- a sweeping " restructuring " -- that would overhaul fee - for - service payment and reduce the fragmentation of care .
The place to start would be costly Medicare , the nation 's largest insurance program serving 45 million elderly and disabled .
Of course , this would be unpopular , because it would disrupt delivery patterns and reimbursement practices .
It 's easier to pretend to be curbing health spending while expanding coverage and spending .
Presidents have done that for decades , and it's why most health industries see " reform " as a good deal .
The addition of the words “ sexual orientation ” to Alberta ’s human rights legislation may seem like a positive development that moves Alberta decisively into the next century , but other aspects of Bill 44 move us centuries back again .
We have all benefited because of the 1998 Vriend Supreme Court case that ordered Alberta to include “ sexual orientation ” in its human rights legislation .
So , including “ sexual orientation ” in the list of prohibited grounds of discrimination is long overdue .
But the extra and unneeded addition of a parental opt - out clause to our human rights legislation is very troubling .
Let ’s face it , Bill 44 seems designed specifically to censor discussion of homosexuality .
Media reports suggest that the opt - out clause was added to place limits on discussions and educational content regarding sexual orientation in schools as a trade - off for finally enshrining gay rights .
It does so by requiring schools to give advance notice about “ courses of study , educational programs or instructional materials , or instruction or exercises , … that include subject - matter that deals primarily and explicitly with religion , human sexuality or sexual orientation . ”
And this provision gives parents the right to pull their children from such classes “ without academic penalty .
” The Alberta government has amended Bill 44 to exclude “ incidental or indirect references ” to the three scary topics but do n’t be fooled .
Although we do n’t know how the courts will interpret the wording , the intent of the section is clear : to put limits on freedom of speech regarding discussion about homosexuality in schools .
The Bill was drafted without public consultation , and there was no groundswell of public demand for an opt - out clause .
No other province has a similar section in its human rights code .
The Alberta Teachers Association and the school boards — who often agree on little — say that the opt - out is not required in human rights law and that existing opt - out policies concerning human sexuality and religious instruction are in place and working well .
So why is the opt - out clause needed in the Human Rights Act , and needing to be backed by the force of the Human Rights commission ?
The source of this Bill is an issue largely overlooked by the press .
However , Paula Simons gives us a huge clue in her article in the Edmonton Journal that pointed the public toward a speech given to the World Congress of Families in 1999 by Ted Morton — now Minister of Sustainable Resource Development and second - place finisher for the 2006 Tory leadership race .
He said ten years ago :
“ There is another stream of modernity - represented primarily by the gender feminists and gay rights movement - that target the natural family as public enemy number one .
According to the feminist - gay gospel , the great evils of this world are sexism and homophobia , and their breeding ground is the traditional family .
Hence , the gay - feminist project has become a social engineering project - to use the coercive power of the state to undermine the existing family and to reconstruct in its place their gender - equal utopias . ” Minister Morton clearly supports the goals of the World Congress of Families “ to defend the family and to guide public policy and cultural norms . ”
He goes on to say that , “ To avoid the soft - despotism of New Egalitarians [ the gay - feminists ] , we must make enlightened family policy a cornerstone of the democratic state .... We can do this in two ways .
The first is to persuade our governments to require a ’ family impact ’ statement for every new policy or law that is being considered .
Before legislation is voted on , there should be an investigation and written report that assesses its impact - positive , negative or neutral - on the following aspects of family life …[ including ] parental rights and responsibilities -- especially the right to educate their children in the moral and spiritual traditions of their choice .
” The opt - out clause has been reported as a trade - off between 2 sides of a divided caucus .
Whether it is or not , is largely moot , we ’re still stuck with a Bill that takes leaps and bounds backwards .
Arguments , such as Morton ’s , to enshrine parental rights are arguably a means to limit other rights .
The emphasis on so - called “ family values ” as protection from the “ gay - feminist ” agenda of equality and acceptance is frightening .
Bill 44 is a first step to limit rights , not an action to give equal rights to all .
The impacts of Bill 44 are uncertain , but we do know that the wording of the opt - out is broad and vague and open to legal interpretation .
Unfortunately , the opt - out provision will have the force of the human rights commission behind it .
The parents inclined to use the legislation and the corresponding threat of human rights complaints to silence discussion of whatever they find “ objectionable ” will likely be concerned about topics related to homosexuality .
This includes gay marriage which , after all , is legal in Canada .
So we may see a teacher face legal sanction for teaching about what is actually legal in Canada !
Given the choking effect of Bill 44 on the curriculum and on teachers ’ willingness to address controversial issues , lessons thought to deal with “ religion , human sexuality , or sexual orientation ” may be wiped out of schools .
Those who think that every school lesson affects their “ values ” will now be able to interfere with a school ’s content in every way they can .
It is possible that Ted Morton ’s demand for a “ family impact ” statement for every new policy or law may make its way into Alberta ’s education system for every new material , course and discussion in the schools .
Thus the big chill quietly begins .
As Premier Stelmach stated , students could be exempted from lessons dealing with evolution .
History or literature dealing with “ religion ” or “ human sexuality ” will be fair game too .
Teachers , administrators , school boards , and even the Minister of Education could face human rights complaints when schools inevitably fail to provide advance notice to parents about “ objectionable ” material .
How , after all , are the schools supposed to anticipate the cause of every possible objection ?
Naturally , the schools will react by trying to avoid complaints in any way they can : Bill 44 will have a serious withering effect on teachers , administrators and classrooms .
Most importantly , it will harm students by severely limiting the quality and breadth of their education .
Bill 44 will have other chilling effects too : it has the potential to move gay and lesbian teachers and students back into the closet .
It invites censorship of educational materials for gay and lesbian students .
The threat of human rights complaints could now be used to smother acceptance of diversity in Alberta schools .
We are being sold that Bill 44 was tweaked to protect “ parent ’s rights , ” but the real impact just might be to curtail discussion of any topic “ gay ” and to forward a culture that does not fully accept diversity , especially gay and lesbian people .
The price of freedom is eternal vigilance .
In this case , the future may prove that we were not vigilant enough .
Bill 44 is a great loss for the gay community in Alberta .
The price of our future may be refocusing our efforts back toward vigilance of future rights battles to come .
Almost all earthquakes are small .
A small segment of a fault , miles underground , jerks a little , the rumble imperceptible at the surface .
But with a few quakes , the fault continues breaking , the ground jumps several feet and the world shakes in cataclysm .
“ How does a rupture go from an inch a year to 3,000 miles per hour in a few seconds ? ” asked Ross S. Stein , a geophysicist at the United States Geological Survey .
No one knows .
This gap in knowledge makes earthquake prediction a frustrating and chancy exercise , and complicates the effort to calculate the risk that a human construction like a water reservoir or a geothermal power plant could inadvertently set off a deadly quake .
Last month , Giampaolo Giuliani , a technician who works on a neutrino experiment at the Gran Sasso National Laboratory in Italy , issued an urgent warning that a large earthquake was about to strike the Abruzzo region .
The prediction was based on measurements he had made of high levels of radon gas , presumably released from rocks that were being ground up by the stresses of an incipient quake .
The ATF has fired its first shot across the bow ( pdf ) regarding the Firearms Freedom Act that passed last month in Tennessee .
In a letter recently sent to Tennessee Federal Firearms License ( FFL ) holders , they stated :
The passage of the Tennessee Firearms Freedom Act ( … ) has generated questions from industry members as to how this State law may affect them while engaged in a firearms business activity .
(…)
However , because the Act conflicts with Federal firearms laws and regulations , Federal law supersedes the Act , and all provisions of the Gun Control and the National Firearms Act , and their corresponding regulations , continue to apply .
The remainder of the brief memorandum simply reiterates the basic responsibilities of FFL’s .
So far , it ’s just a “ friendly ” reminder .
What happens this winter , when the Act takes place in several states , remains to be seen .
Theoretically , I do n’t see FFL ’s getting caught in the middle .
There is no regulatory framework for firearms and parts manufactured locally under the Act , so those would not need to be sold through a licensed dealer .
FFL ’s would still exist to acquire and sell weapons not covered by the Act , which will still make up most of the market for the forseeable future .
You would simply have two different markets : one being a cottage industry for locally manufactured goods , and another for dealing with federally - regulated goods from out of state .
Florida has introduced their version of the Act , HB - 21 ( pdf ) .
If passed , it goes into effect October 1st , the same day as it does in Tennessee , Minnesota , and Montana .
The Texas Act will become law one month earlier .
Georgia is unfortunately not part of the movement .
Though a generic state sovereignty resolution passed the Senate by a 43 - 1 margin , firearms are not part of the equation ( the Tenth Amendment Center has posted a handy map detailing the locations and status of other states ’ such resolutions ) .
So , what ’s actually going to happen ?
Hard to say .
At the very least , this is going to set up a national debate about the role of the 10th Amendment , and about the nature of the relationship between Federal and State authority .
It will likely spur several court battles .
At worst , it could end up being a physical standoff between Federal and State law - enforcement in one or more states .
If this occurs , the drain on Federal resources could be staggering .
Consider the amount of money and manpower required to arrest one man in the Ruby Ridge operation , then imagine such a thing happening in several states simultaneously .
Either way , the repercussions are likely to be felt for a long time to come .
Results
Spreadsheet version
Alternatively , in plain text : ( also available as a a screenshot )
Bracket Matching -. .- Line Numbering Smart Indent -. | | .- UML Editing / Viewing Source Control Integration -. | | | | .- Code Folding Error Markup -. | | | | | | .- Code Templates Integrated Python Debugging -. | | | | | | | | .- Unit Testing Multi-Language Support -. | | | | | | | | | | .- GUI Designer ( Qt , Eric , etc ) Auto Code Completion -. | | | | | | | | | | | | .- Integrated DB Support Commercial / Free -. | | | | | | | | | | | | | | .- Refactoring Cross Platform -. | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | +--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+
Atom |Y |F |Y |Y * |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y | |Y |Y | | | | |*many plugins Editra |Y |F |Y |Y | | |Y |Y |Y |Y | |Y | | | | | | Emacs |Y |F |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y | | | | Eric Ide |Y |F |Y | |Y |Y | |Y | |Y | |Y | |Y | | | | Geany |Y |F | Y * |Y | | | |Y |Y |Y | |Y | | | | | |*very limited Gedit |Y |F | Y¹|Y | | | |Y |Y |Y | | | Y²| | | | | ¹with plugin ; ² sort of Idle |Y |F |Y | |Y | | |Y |Y | | | | | | | | | IntelliJ |Y |CF|Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y | JEdit |Y |F | |Y | | | | |Y |Y | |Y | | | | | | KDevelop |Y |F | Y * |Y | | |Y |Y |Y |Y | |Y | | | | | |*no type inference Komodo |Y |CF|Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y | |Y |Y |Y | |Y | | NetBeans * |Y |F |Y |Y |Y | |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y | | |Y |* pre - v7.0 Notepad + +
|W |F |Y |Y | |Y *
|Y * |Y * |Y |Y | |Y | Y*| | | | |*with plugin Pfaide |W |C |Y |Y | | | |Y |Y |Y | |Y |Y | | | | | PIDA |LW|F |Y |Y | | | |Y |Y |Y | |Y | | | | | |VIM based PTVS |W |F |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y | |Y | | | Y *| |Y |*WPF bsed PyCharm |Y |CF|Y |Y * |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |* JavaScript PyDev ( Eclipse ) |Y |F |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y | | | | PyScripter |W |F |Y | |Y |Y | |Y |Y |Y | |Y |Y |Y | | | | Python Win |W |F |Y | |Y | | |Y |Y | | |Y | | | | | | SciTE |Y | F¹| |Y | |Y | |Y |Y |Y | |Y |Y | | | | | ¹Mac version is ScriptDev |W |C |Y |Y |Y |Y | |Y |Y |Y | |Y |Y | | | | | commercial Spyder |Y |F |Y | |Y |Y | |Y |Y |Y | | | | | | | | Sublime Text |Y |CF|Y |Y | |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y | |Y |Y | Y*| | | |extensible w/ Python , TextMate |M |F | |Y | | |Y |Y |Y |Y | |Y |Y | | | | | * PythonTestRunner UliPad |Y |F |Y |Y |Y | | |Y |Y | | | |Y |Y | | | | Vim |Y |F |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y | |Y |Y |Y | | | | Visual Studio |W |CF|Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |? |Y |? |? |Y |? |Y | Visual Studio Code|Y |F | Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |? |Y |? |? |? |? |Y |uses plugins WingIde |Y |C |Y |Y * |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y |Y | |Y |Y |Y | | | |*support for C Zeus |W |C | | | | |Y |Y |Y |Y | |Y |Y | | | | | +--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+--+
Cross Platform -' | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | Commercial / Free -' | | | | | | | | | | | | | | '- Refactoring Auto Code Completion -' | | | | | | | | | | | | '- Integrated DB Support Multi-Language Support -' | | | | | | | | | | '- GUI Designer ( Qt , Eric , etc ) Integrated Python Debugging -' | | | | | | | | '- Unit Testing Error Markup -' | | | | | | '- Code Templates Source Control Integration -' | | | | '- Code Folding Smart Indent -' | | '- UML Editing / Viewing Bracket Matching -' '- Line Numbering
Acronyms used :
L - Linux W - Windows M - Mac C - Commercial F - Free CF - Commercial with Free limited edition ? -
To be confirmed
I do n't mention basics like syntax highlighting as I expect these by default .
This is a just dry list reflecting your feedback and comments , I am not advocating any of these tools .
I will keep updating this list as you keep posting your answers .
PS .
Can you help me to add features of the above editors to the list ( like auto - complete , debugging , etc. ) ?
We have a comprehensive wiki page for this question https://wiki.python.org/moin/IntegratedDevelopmentEnvironments
Submit edits to the spreadsheet
I do not expect this to remain up for long .
Found by Bruce Lee .
Quick Vote
Are you cutting back on spending due to rising energy prices ?
Yes
No or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Yahoo on Thursday announced it has appointed longtime General Electric veteran Tim Morse as its new chief financial officer .
Morse currently serves as the CFO of semiconductor company Altera Corp. ( ALTR ) , a position he 's held since January 2007 .
Prior to Altera , Morse was at GE ( GE , Fortune 500 ) for 15 years , including a stint as the CFO for the conglomerate 's plastics division .
" Yahoo is an amazing brand with a unique combination of assets , and I am extremely excited to be joining a finance team with a deep commitment to financial excellence and fiscal discipline , " Morse said in a statement .
Morse 's appointment is one of Carol Bartz 's first major executive hires after taking over as Yahoo 's chief executive in January .
Bartz has said that she aims to make the company 's management structure more efficient as she tries to move the once - dominant tech company back to the industry 's vanguard .
Yahoo has lost significant online search market share to Google ( GOOG , Fortune 500 ) and Microsoft ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) over the decade , though its share has stabilized recently .
Bartz said the beginning of her tenure that she would be bringing in her own CFO .
" Tim has a proven ability to translate strategy into structure , process , and execution , and I am delighted that he will be joining my leadership team to help drive Yahoo's growth , " Bartz said in a statement .
" With his passion for operational finance , global experience , and expertise simplifying complex organizations and managing growth , Tim is a natural fit for Yahoo . "
Morse will start at Yahoo ( YHOO , Fortune 500 ) on June 17 will become the company 's CFO on July 1 .
He replaces Blake Jorgensen , who has been at Yahoo since June 2007 , when founder Jerry Yang took over again as CEO .
A Tibetan herdsman monitors his flock of sheep from a distance outside Tongde .
A drought in Tibet has intensified into the region 's worst in three decades , leaving thousands of hectares parched and killing more than 13,000 head of cattle , China 's state media has said .
A drought in Tibet has intensified into the region 's worst in three decades , leaving thousands of hectares parched and killing more than 13,000 head of cattle , China 's state media said Saturday .
The report by Xinhua news agency follows a warning by China 's top weather official last month that the Himalayan region faced a growing threat of drought and floods as global warming melts its glaciers .
Drought conditions have hit five of Tibet 's six prefectures since last year , affecting 15.3 percent of the remote plateau , Xinhua said , quoting the regional drought relief and flood control headquarters .
It also said 13,601 head of cattle had died , but did not say over what time frame the deaths occurred .
Some weather stations had not received significant rainfall in 226 days , the report said .
" The drought has also been worsened by higher than normal temperatures .
Tibet has experienced temperatures 0.4 to 2.3 degrees Celsius ( 0.7 to 4.1 Fahrenheit ) higher than normal years , " it said , quoting a top Tibetan weather official .
The head of the China Meteorological Bureau , Zheng Guogang , last month was quoted by Xinhua as warning that global warming was accelerating glacial shrinkage , causing Tibet 's lakes to swell .
" If the warming continues , millions of people in western China will face floods in the short term and drought in the long run . "
Experts have repeatedly warned of catastrophic consequences downstream if global warming continues to melt the snows and glaciers of mountainous Tibet , source of many of Asia 's mightiest rivers .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Global warming threatens Tibetan rail link
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday charged a brokerage firm and several individuals with raising money from investors to feed Bernard Madoff 's Ponzi scheme .
The SEC brought a civil enforcement action against Cohmad Securities Corp. , its chairman Maurice Cohn , chief operating officer Marcia Cohn and registered representative Robert Jaffe with securities fraud .
The SEC filed the case in U.S. District Court in Manhattan .
The Cohns and Jaffe are accused of courting investors for Madoff 's massive scheme , which used fresh investments from unsuspecting investors to make payments to more mature investors and creating the false appearance of legitimate returns .
Separately , the SEC charged California - based investment adviser Stanley Chais with securities fraud .
Chais is accused of operating feeder funds that poured money into Madoff 's Ponzi scheme .
The defendants helped Madoff " cultivate an air of exclusivity by pretending that he was too successful to trouble himself with marketing to new investors , " while providing " a constant in - flow of funds to sustain his fraud , " said Robert Khuzami , director of the SEC 's enforcement division , in a prepared statement .
Both SEC complaints seek injunctions , financial penalties and court orders requiring the defendants to turn over ill - gotten gains .
Over two decades , the Cohns and Jaffe raised billions of dollars from hundreds of investors for Madoff and were paid $ 100 million for their troubles , according to the SEC .
The SEC accuses the defendants of being fully aware that Madoff was operating a Ponzi scheme .
Defense lawyers for Jaffe called the SEC complaints " baseless . "
" The complaint filed today , which we learned about only from the press , smacks of impulsiveness and efforts at self - justification , " Jaffe 's lawyers at the firm Arkin Kaplan Rice said in a statement .
" It is unfair , baseless in the law , and is inaccurate in its understanding of the facts and of Mr. Jaffe . "
Lawyers for the Cohns were not immediately available for comment .
The SEC described Chais as an investment adviser for 40 years who " has held himself out as an investing wizard , purporting to execute a complex trading strategy on behalf of hundreds of investors , despite in actuality being an unsophisticated investor who did nothing more than turn all of the investors ' assets over to Bernard Madoff . "
Between 1995 and 2008 , Chais charged $ 269 million in fees , and withdrew $ 546 million from Madoff accounts , said the SEC .
The government agency said Chais was " a close friend of Madoff since at least the 1960s . "
But Chais ' lawyer , Eugene Licker , said that Chais is actually a victim , not a perpetrator , of Madoff 's scheme .
" The complaint filed today by the SEC paints a distorted and false picture of Stanley Chais , borrowing liberally from baseless allegations by private plaintiffs trying to benefit themselves , " wrote Licker , in a statement to CNNMoney.com .
" Like so many others , Chais was blindsided and victimized by Bernard Madoff 's unprecedented and pervasive fraud .
Mr. Chais and his family have lost virtually everything - an impossible result were he involved in the underlying fraud . "
Madoff has been locked up in the Metropolitan Correctional Center since March 12 , when he pleaded guilty to masterminding the most massive Ponzi scheme of all time .
He orchestrated the scheme through his firm , Bernard L. Madoff , which he founded in 1960 .
Madoff 's maximum sentence is 150 years in a federal prison , based on his guilty plea to 11 criminal counts , including fraud , money laundering , perjury , false filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other crimes .
Madoff is set to be sentenced on June 29 .
Thus far , investigators have identified 1,341 investors in Madoff 's firm with losses exceeding $ 13 billion .
Having to pay for the radio is just ridiculous .
Yeah I know it 's not exactly the same thing , but it should be .
( Not really blaming Pandora here , as 1 dollar is n't really a lot for unlimited music in a month .
And I 'm sure they had no choice . )
I first started out really liking Pandora but I 've started to like [ Last. fm ] a lot more .
Other than the music scrobbling features of Last . fm , they just seem to have a bigger library of music on there .
And the user uploaded photos , the short wiki of information , and more developed user community , it just is a better web app .
I 'm sure Pandora would like some of those too , especially the bigger library of music , if they could afford it .
However , as it stands now , [ Last. fm ] is going to get more usage from me .
America ’s middle class is disappearing .
The very Americans the Obama administration is hoping will lift the economy out of recession are facing epic challenges .
NEW YORK CITY ’S MIDDLE CLASS IS VOTING WITH THEIR FEET
As a result of a sizeable drop in home values , along with over - extended credit and rising unemployment , as many as one in four of the 31 million middle class families are in danger of dropping a rung on the economic ladder , statistics show .
That ’s as many as eight million families in the last nine years , with a median income of $ 80,000 for a family of four , according to public - policy group Demos .
In 2000 , 39 percent of middle class families , or about 12 million , qualified as solidly middle class based on five key measures of financial health : assets , education , costs of housing , money in the bank after expenses , and health - insurance coverage .
That percentage has been falling ever since .
In 2006 , the figure plunged to 8 million , the report states .
Now , in an eye - popping new estimate for 2008 , Demos projects another 4 million middle class families are in danger of sliding into poverty .
Families who were frantically patching together a middle class life with both mom and dad in the workforce , using credit cards to cover unexpected bills , home equity as an ATM and a prayer , have run out of buffers against financial calamity .
In an April report from McKinsey Quarterly , 90 percent of the respondents have cut back spending this year , with a full one - third saying their belt - tightening was “ significant . ”
Consumer spending accounts for 70 percent of GDP , and economists say this does not bode well for an economic rebound in the immediate future .
“ People ’s position now is even worse off : they do n’t have their home equity to tap into , and stocks and 401 ( k ) values have declined so dramatically , it ’s really destabilizing people , ” said Jennifer Wheary , a senior fellow at Demos .
Here ’s what middle - class families are facing now :
* Spiraling debt burdens : Lower - and middle - income families devoted 20 percent of their income to credit card debt in 2004 , and Demos estimates that jumped to 25 percent last year .
Today ’s median earners actually spend 18 to 32 percent less on clothes and food than their parents did , according to Congressional testimony by credit expert Elizabeth Warren in 2007 .
They are walloped by increases of more than 70 percent for health insurance and mortgages .
Demos estimates 75 percent of cardholders use credit for basic and extraordinary expenses .
* Falling asset values : Households with mortgages have an average equity of only 20 percent , according to Web site Calculated Risk.com , a record low that erases a backup source of funds for the cash - strapped middle class .
* Spiking unemployment :
The official unemployment rate hit 9.5 percent , the highest in 26 years , and many experts say the true rate is approaching 20 percent when under - employed and discouraged workers are included .
Most middle - class families have no cushion to ride out job loss – Demos estimates 76 percent lacked the assets to cover three - quarters of basic expenses for three months , even before the recession hit .
Economists are sounding alarms because a healthy middle class is crucial for a healthy economy .
Middle - class workers – especially the small business owners who serve as the economy ’s backbone and pay taxes as individuals – contribute billions to federal and state coffers .
“ Without a strong middle class , the dream of a sustained economic recovery will turn out to be just that , a dream , ” said Christian Weller , a senior economist at the Center for American Progress .
The crisis over parliamentary expenses reached new heights last night as it emerged that HM Revenue and Customs is to investigate whether MPs have deliberately evaded capital gains tax when selling their second homes .
News of an inquiry by tax officials , which follows days of leaks about the way MPs have exploited the Commons ' allowances regime for private gain , will inflict further damage on the already battered reputation of parliament .
In a separate development , in an article for today 's Observer , Sir Alistair Graham , the former chairman of the committee on standards in public life , describes the behaviour of the home secretary , Jacqui Smith , as " near - fraudulent " in relation to her expense claims .
Smith registered the house she shared with her sister in south London as her primary residence , allowing her to claim the parliamentary allowance of up to £ 24,000 for her family home in Redditch , Worcestershire , where her husband and children live .
" One has to be careful with the word ' fraudulent ' , " Graham writes , " because in the criminal sense there needs to be guilty intent .
However , it seems to me there may be intent here and in similar cases that have emerged .
People seem to be thinking , ' What 's the best way to use the system so I can maximise the personal financial return to myself ? ' "
Graham 's comments brought an immediate reaction from Smith .
Her spokesman said that the home secretary would be seeking legal advice about what he had said .
" This is a malicious falsehood , and implies that Jacqui is lying .
He seems intent on attacking her without examining the facts of the case , " the spokesman insisted .
The dispute broke out as opinion polls showed Labour to be suffering the most as a result of the expenses saga .
A survey for the Mail on Sunday put Gordon Brown 's party on 23 % – its lowest rating since polling began .
The Conservatives appear to be emerging unscathed as the controversy grows – a full 22 points ahead on 45 % , enough to give David Cameron a landslide victory .
Last night a string of fresh revelations emerged about expenses claimed by MPs and peers .
These included claims that :
• Kitty Ussher , a junior government minister , asked for thousands of pounds to pay for a full makeover of her second home within 12 months of becoming an MP .
The Sunday Telegraph says she claimed £ 20,000 for the refit .
• Baroness Thornton , a Labour minister in the whips ' office , has been claiming £ 22,000 a year in expenses by saying that her mother 's bungalow in Yorkshire is her main home .
As a result the peer , who has a £ 1 m house near Hampstead Heath , has been able to claim around £ 130,000 since 2002 .
• Stephen Byers , the former cabinet ­minister , has claimed £ 125,000 in expenses for a home which was owned outright by his partner , where he lived rent - free .
• Five Sinn Féin MPs received £ 500,000 in second homes allowances despite not taking up their seats in the House .
The forthcoming investigations by HM Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) will focus on suspicions that some MPs have been changing the status of their first and second homes not merely to maximise the amount they can claim in allowances , but also to minimise exposure to capital gains tax ( CGT ) when selling their second homes .
There is no CGT on the sale of first homes in most cases .
The Daily Telegraph , which has published selected details of millions of claims by Britain 's 659 MPs over the past three days , revealed on Thursday that one of the ways in which MPs can " work the system " is by claiming that their second home – on which they can claim generous parliamentary allowances – is in fact their first home for the purposes of tax .
An HMRC official said : " Once these declarations were made public , we began to examine them to ensure that MPs have paid the right tax .
Avoidance of capital gains tax is just one of the issues that have arisen from these articles . "
Hazel Blears , the communities secretary , last night admitted not paying capital gains tax on the sale of a £ 200,000 flat in Kennington , south London that had been designated as her " second home " .
She had claimed £ 850 a month from the House of Commons for the mortgage on the flat until it was sold in August 2004 for a profit of £ 45,000 , it was alleged last week .
MPs can only make such claims on properties they designate to be their second homes .
Her spokesman insisted she had done nothing wrong by not paying capital gains tax .
" Hazel has complied with the House of Commons authorities and the Inland Revenue .
No liability for capital gains tax arose on the sale of her flat , " he said .
The latest controversy involving Blears raises further questions as to whether Gordon Brown will retain her in any ministerial capacity following last week 's attack on his leadership .
In an article for the Observer she described the government 's recent performance as " lamentable " .
Another of those who did not pay CGT when he sold his second home is James Purnell , the work and pensions secretary .
Although in his case there was no evidence of any wrongdoing , suggestions that MPs may be systematically avoiding tax have alarmed HMRC officials .
HMRC will also take a close look at MPs ' income tax payments , as many of their perks could be seen as " benefits in kind " which should be taxed .
Mark Wallace , campaigns director for the Taxpayers ' TaxPayers ' correct Alliance , welcomed HMRC 's inquiries .
" It is totally unacceptable for elected representatives to live by one set of rules and dictate another , " he said .
An HMRC spokeswoman said : " We use a wide variety of information sources to ensure the tax system operates as it should . "
He ’s not closing Guantanamo , he ’s continuing the " preventive detention " policy of the Bush administration under a new rubric ( " prolonged detention " ) , he ’s on board with military commissions ( " reformed , " of course ) and the denial of habeas corpus – and last , but certainly not least , his supporters in Congress have launched a campaign to give him and his cabinet officials the power to close down the Internet in the name of " national security . "
I wo n’t go on at length about the brazen hypocrisy and general slipperiness exhibited by Obama and his fans when it comes to key civil liberties issues such as these .
Jack Goldsmith , former head of George W. Bush ’s Office of Legal Counsel , and Rachel Maddow , progressive commentator on MSNBC , have done a superlative job of that .
Goldsmith , of course , notes the president ’s turn on a dime with obvious approval , arguing that the Bush approach was haphazard and lacked any substantive legal basis , while Maddow is horrified that , instead of abolishing these Bush - era assaults on the Constitution , her former hero is intent on formalizing and " legalizing " them .
Go here to see her deliver the kind of stinging rebuke to Obama and his administration that Rush Limbaugh and his fellow radio ranters could never hope to match .
Maddow strikes a powerful blow against Cheneyism - without - Cheney by pointing out that the president ’s preventive detention policy – which claims for the U.S. government the right to hold anyone , including American citizens , indefinitely , without trial , without formal charges , and without telling anyone – is worse than anything Bush ever attempted in one important sense .
The Bushian effort was secretive and strictly ad hoc ; the Obamaites , however , are quite openly constructing what Obama calls " a new legal regime " to preside over this wholesale assault on the Constitution .
At least the Bush crowd had enough remnants of a moral sense to sneak around and try [ . pdf ] to hide their crimes against liberty and the rule of law .
Although they tried to rationalize their actions with after - the - fact legal arguments , the effort seems to me rather halfhearted : they were n’t really all that concerned with legalizing their power grab .
They just went ahead and did it , and damn the torpedoes .
The Obamaites , on the other hand , have a different style – but the substance is essentially the same , with the addition of a few minor tweaks and rhetorical flourishes .
They want to bureaucratize and institutionalize the horrors of the past eight years and make what used to be unthinkable routine .
This Memorial Day should be devoted to reviving and refreshing the failing memory of the American people , or , at least , those millions who voted for Obama in hopes of a better day .
Remember the campaign promises , the soaring rhetoric about " the rule of law " and our " constitutional liberties " ?
Remember this : " Gitmo .
That ’s an easy one : close it " ?
Remember the promise of " change " ?
As for this last , well , yes , the Obama administration is indeed carrying out a sea change in the realm of civil liberties , there ’s no doubt about that .
It ’s a continuation of the transformation effected by Team Bush and made possible by the post - 9/11 hysteria , in which the leaders of both parties were caught up – and which they continue to stoke for political gain .
Witness Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ‘s assertion that the jailing of terrorist suspects in American prisons somehow represents a threat to this country ’s security .
Obama himself is not above this : in rationalizing his escalation of the Afghan war and occupation , he continually harks back to the 9/11 terrorist attacks , as if they justified the decades - long occupation of Afghanistan and surrounding areas envisioned by his favored policy wonks .
The baddies , Obama avers , are " plotting to attack America " from their " safe havens " in Afghanistan and the tribal areas of Pakistan .
Which raises the question :
So the f**k what ?
How much of a " safe haven " do they need to " plot , " anyway ?
Answer :
A space no bigger than an apartment in Hamburg , Germany , or a small town on Florida ’s Atlantic coast , where the 9/11 attacks were plotted and carried out .
The 9/11 attacks provided the neoconservatives with the opportunity they had been waiting for : as the Twin Towers came down , so did the traditional safeguards against tyranny that had been erected over the past 200 years by the Founders and their successors .
The neocons , in effect , pulled off a coup d’état : as Bob Woodward has pointed out , their method was to set up " a separate government , " with Cheney at its head , that did an end - run around the institutional safeguards built into the system .
Bush usurped the constitutional lines of authority that acted as a rein on the unrestrained use of government power .
Obama ’s " reforms " will make that usurpation permanent .
Change ?
You bet .
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
I just have one thing to say about the recent arrest of four losers who were plotting to bomb New York - area synagogues : while the FBI was busy carefully setting up these would - be terrorists - without - a- clue , luring them into an improbable scheme involving Stinger missiles and in effect setting up a government - subsidized terrorist cell , how many al - Qaeda sleeper cells were going about their business undetected ?
Now , do n’t you feel safer already ?
Flurry , a small San Francisco company that provides application use data to mobile app developers , has done a study of the app developers you do n’t normally read in the press .
They ’re neither the top nor the bottom of the field , they ’re the bourgeoisie in the middle , the iPhone Middle Class making money but not garnering headlines for their moderate sales revenue .
Flurry ’s analysis will be ongoing , but the first post already brings useful analysis of the App Store , by comparing established developers against newcomers :
New game developers not only hold their own against established game developers , but also outrank them , on average , among the Top 25 games on iPhone .
With speculation that more incumbent mobile gaming companies are investing more heavily in the iPhone platform , we would have expected to see an increase in the number of top slots held by established companies over the last several months .
However , new developers continue to rank well .
Flurry VP of Marketing Peter Farago , who writes up Flurry ’s analysis , says his next report will focus on original titles versus licensed brand names , and he ’ll also look at the app market for Android .
Hype stories about get - rich - quick app makers and their going - broke - fast counterparts are too common , and not helpful .
Flurry ’s middle - of - the road focus is refreshingly functional .
It shines a light on the part of the app market where most developers will end up .
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa ( CNN ) -- Former South African president Nelson Mandela is celebrating his 91st birthday Saturday -- as his wife reveals he is struggling to deal with the indignities of aging .
Global initiative aims to ensure Mandela 's legacy is maintained for the next generation .
Graca Machel told CNN in an exclusive interview that the Nobel Peace Prize winner was finding it difficult to come to terms with the limitations of age but he is fighting to carry on working with his charities .
Mandela spent 27 years in jail before his release and was elected as South Africa 's first black president in 1994 .
The veteran anti-apartheid campaigner is using his birthday to promote a message of helping others .
Machel said Mandela was too frail to travel overseas to the New York launch of the new charity initiative Mandela Day .
Mandela , whom she calls Madiba , was spending the day at home in Johannesburg with his family .
His wife said he still keeps busy working with his charities but has slowed down , something he finds frustrating .
" Madiba is a very proud person .
He is vain so when he realizes that he can't walk tall and firm like he used to be , he does n't like it . "
In an unusually blunt statement on his weakening health Machel also explained how hard it was for her to see him getting so old .
" To see him aging is something that pains you .
You understand you know it has to happen .
That spirit , that sparkle , some how is fading . "
Even with his spirit " fading , " Mandela 's moral authority remains intact which is why Mandela Day aims to promote the values of Nelson Mandela long after he is gone .
The global initiative aims to ensure his legacy is maintained and nurtured for the next generation .
Mandela and his charities are using his birthday , July 18 , to urge everyone to do good things for other people .
Zelda la Grange , Mandela 's personal assistant and one of the organizers of the first annual Mandela Day , said : " Mandela gave up 67 years of his life for the anti-apartheid struggle , so we are asking people to give up 67 minutes of their day on July 18 . "
She explains that Mandela was 24 when he became active in politics .
Mandela said in support of the initiative : " Our struggle for freedom and justice was a collective effort .
Mandela Day is no different .
" It is in your hands to create a better world for all who live in it .
Mandela
Day will not be a holiday but a day devoted to service . "
For Mandela and his wife , Mandela Day is a " way of demystifying , that only extraordinary people can do can make a difference . "
Everyone , she says , can be a little like Mandela if you " care about others , you care about their wellbeing , you want them to have a real smile , they feel worthy , they are loved , they are cared and that 's what you can do . "
Mandela 's daughter , Zindzi agreed , saying : " It 's up to you whether you prefer to mow your neighbor 's lawn , or you prefer to go help run a soup kitchen .
" It 's all about that living the legacy because now he 's handing it over to future generations . "
Docked in Long Beach on Wednesday with a fresh load of oil from Valdez , the Alaskan Navigator did n’t look like much of a trailblazer .
The massive tanker sat silently , with a few thin cables draping down to some gray metal boxes .
Missing was the incessant rumble of diesel engines , which on an average cargo ship would be running constantly to keep electrical systems going -- burning quite a bit of diesel fuel and generating a significant amount of pollution .
But the 941 - foot Navigator , anchored at the BP oil terminal ’s Pier T on the Long Beach port ’s main channel , is n’t average .
The vessel , owned by Alaska Tanker Co. of Portland , Ore. , was plugged into what is billed as the world ’s first shore - side electrical grid .
Only the Navigator ’s sister ship , the Frontier , is similarly equipped .
Oil tankers are notorious fuel guzzlers and air polluters because of the power that ’s needed to pump vast amounts of crude out of a ship .
It ’s the rough energy equivalent of a day ’s worth of driving by 187,000 cars , according to the Port of Long Beach .
Advertisement
At a ceremony formally unveiling the port ’s dockside power system , port Executive Director Dick Steinke described it as “ another giant step ” toward cleaning up the air .
The project cost $ 23.7 million and took three years to complete , port officials said .
The port contributed about $ 17.5 million to the project and BP paid the rest .
Roger Brown , regional vice president of BP , said the emissions reductions amounted to 50 % even when factoring in pollution created by power plants in generating the electricity .
--
Advertisement
ron.white@latimes.com
Joel Tenenbaum has lost his trial against the RIAA and was ordered to pay $ 22,500 for each of the 30 songs he shared via Kazaa .
Tenenbaum , who pleaded guilty to downloading and sharing files earlier this week , will be left paying off the $ 675,000 to the music labels for the rest of his life .
Tenenbaum , a graduate student from Boston admitted to downloading and sharing 30 songs in 2004 , faced a fine up to $ 4.5 million – $ 150,000 per infringement .
After a week long trial the jury eventually decided to award the RIAA $ 22,500 per song based on “ willful infringement ” mounting up to a total fine of $ 675,000 for Tenenbaum .
From the start it was clear that the only thing that the jury had to decide on would be the the size of the fine .
The fair use defense was thrown out a few hours before the trial started , which shut down the only escape route left .
Tenenbaum ’s defense team , headed by Harvard Professor Charles Nesson and his law students , were left powerless .
“ Undoubtedly , we were a creative and nontraditional legal team .
But going into trial , we were stripped of all our attempts to mitigate Joel ’s liability , so today ’s outcome has been in the cards all week , ” student Debbie Rosenbaum wrote .
This is the second win in little over a month for the RIAA .
In June , Jammie Thomas - Rasset lost her retrial against the RIAA and was ordered to pay $ 1.92 million for the 24 songs she shared via Kazaa .
RIAA spokesman Jonathan Lamy told TorrentFreak that the ‘ damages ’ will not go to any of the artists , but to more anti-piracy campaigns .
“ Any funds recouped are re-invested into our ongoing education and anti-piracy programs , ” he said .
In total , the RIAA has spent over a million dollars on this case alone , to set an example to the millions of people who share files every day .
Time will tell whether or not the verdict will have any impact at all , aside from ruining a student ’s life and alienating a few million music fans .
By By Carol Forsloff Jun 29 , 2009 in Lifestyle June 28 was a significant day this year for the gay rights movement .
It was on that day 40 years ago gays resisted police intimidation .
With shouts of “ gay power ” a civil rights movement began .
This time , shouting “ gay power ” patrons began to resist by throwing bottles , coins and other objects at the police .
Lesbians and drag queens were defiant , whipping up an angry crowd of demonstrators .
More and more people from the LGBT community gathered near the inn , until the police had to hide in the bar .
The rioting was very frightening , according to Detective Inspector Pine who was there at the time .
He said the following during an interview , " I had been in combat situations .
But there was never any time that I felt more scared than then . "
In 1969 gay rights stirred in New York with the Stonewall Riots , so educators at Universities now point to this time as a critical juncture for the Now the issue is gay marriage , so coming out of the closet is no longer as dramatic as it once was .
A comprehensive guide to gay marriage lists on June 15 , 2009 the following places in North America where The Stonewall riots began during the early hours of June 28 , 1969 when police entered the bar called Stonewall Inn in New York and began targeting gay patrons .
This had been going on for some time where police were involved in intimidation and payoffs in return for not arresting or publishing the names of gays or to “ out ” them .
Stonewall Inn
In the early hours of 28 June 1969 a relatively unassuming gay bar in the West Village of Manhattan became the epicentre of an event that changed the course of gay history .
This time , shouting “ gay power ” patrons began to resist by throwing bottles , coins and other objects at the police .
Lesbians and drag queens were defiant , whipping up an angry crowd of demonstrators .
More and more people from the LGBT community gathered near the inn , until the police had to hide in the bar .
The rioting was very frightening , according to Detective Inspector Pine who was there at the time .
He said the following during an interview , " I had been in combat situations .
But there was never any time that I felt more scared than then . "
Rioters came from all directions into the Greenwich area , and so it is said , the Gay Liberation Movement began .
Following that movements were initiated in Canada , France , Britain , Germany , Belgium , Holland , Australia , and New Zealand .
Historians say this came about because the 1960 ’s was a time when the social climate was changing and people were open to looking at human rights and social change .
In 1969 gay rights stirred in New York with the Stonewall Riots , so educators at Universities now point to this time as a critical juncture for the gay and lesbian movement .
Before that time there had been little expression of gay rights .
Now some people felt empowered and set out to open the closet for gays across the country .
Now the issue is gay marriage , so coming out of the closet is no longer as dramatic as it once was .
A comprehensive guide to gay marriage lists on June 15 , 2009 the following places in North America where gay marriage is recognized : Canada , Mexico , Connecticut , District of Columbia , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Maine , Massachusetts , Vermont , Iowa , Oregon , and Washington .
California ’s legal marriage for gays was overturned by popular vote last year .
Still it remains a hot button issue in other places in the United States , where challenges are being raised .
Given the history of the gay rights movement , it is likely Stonewall will continue to be remembered as a significant time for a recognition of sexual freedom for the gay community without harassment .
More about Stonewall riots , Gay rights , Same - sex marriage More news from Show all 9 stonewall riots gay rights same - sex marriage
More than 1,000 years before humans began domesticating grains for food , they were building sophisticated storage buildings to hold the wild grains they were cultivating , researchers reported Monday .
Collecting large quantities of grains and other foods is a prerequisite to establishing sizable communities , but such collection requires a system to store the perishables so they can be kept for months at least .
The new find reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences represents the oldest known storage system or granary to date -- about 11,300 years old .
The earliest known domestication of cereal grains was thought to have occurred about 10,500 years ago .
Four granaries were discovered in the settlement of Dhra ’ near the Dead Sea in what is now Jordan by archaeologists Ian Kuijt of the University of Notre Dame and Bill Finlayson of the Council for British Research in the Levant in Amman , Jordan .
The granaries were among 10 buildings found at the village , which was occupied for about 100 years .
The other buildings appear to have been used as dwellings and food processing sites .
Advertisement
The oval buildings , about 9 feet in diameter and 9 feet high , had mud floors and walls of stone and mud bricks .
The best preserved granary shows unusually sophisticated engineering .
Notched stones set upright in the floor of the building , about 1 to 1 1 / 2 feet high , presumably supported wooden beams , which spanned the structure .
These beams were then covered with plants and mud to create a raised floor that enabled air to circulate through the stored grains , keeping them dry .
The raised floor also protected the food from rodents .
Dating indicates that the original granary was used for about 50 years , then a second granary was built on its remains and also used for half a century .
Traces of wild barley were found in the building .
The granaries were presumably shared by the entire village .
The communal sharing did not persist , however .
Excavations at later sites in the region show that storage shifted to individual dwellings .
Advertisement
“ The most important implication of our findings , ” the scientists wrote , “ is that fundamental social changes occurred before plant domestication , including the establishment of fairly permanent settlements with communal labor and storage , based on cultivated wild plants . ”
--
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
DentalPlans.com 's Dental Information Center provides the knowledge that you need to maintain good oral health , respond appropriately to dental emergencies , obtain affordable dental care and understand your dental treatment options .
Dental Care and Your Health
Gum infections and tooth decay have been linked to many serious health conditions including cardiac disease , bronchial infections , digestive problems , pregnancy complications and rheumatoid arthritis .
Dental health issues may have an adverse impact on medical management of conditions such as diabetes and Alzheimer ’s disease .
Taking good care of your teeth means that you ’re taking good care of yourself .
Eating a balanced diet , staying hydrated , getting enough exercise and sleep and maintaining a positive outlook helps to keep you – and your teeth – strong .
It ’s a win - win situation : a healthy smile increases your odds of having a healthy body .
Keeping Your Teeth Healthy
Brushing and flossing are essential for dental health .
But even if you have elite skills with a toothbrush and are an absolute master of dental floss … you still need to see your dentist .
On your own , you ca n’t remove the bacterial - laden plaque and tartar which causes gum infections , tooth decay , and – if untreated – tooth loss .
Your dentist and dental hygienist will also be able to spot and correct tiny problems before they become big , expensive - to - fix major issues .
Dental Healthcare Articles and Education
We ’ve arranged the articles here into the following categories , to make it easy to find the information that you need quickly :
Affordable Care Act
This section provides an in - depth look at dental insurance provided by the ACA .
We ’ll keep you informed on ACA coverage , costs , accessibility , changes to the law and your evolving options to obtain affordable dental care .
Dental Concerns
You can find frequently asked questions about dental conditions such as cracked , chipped , broken teeth , sensitive teeth , teething , and basic dental care .
Dental Emergencies
Have you been in a sports injury , accident or have a dental abscess ?
Find out what to do until you can get to the dentist .
Dental Insurance
What you need to know about dental insurance , dental PPO vs HMO insurance , dental indemnity plans , and dental savings plans .
Find Out How To …
Here are tips that will help you take the best possible care of your teeth , breath , oral health or braces , even dating and dental hygiene .
General and Cosmetic Dentistry
Your guide to all the standard dental treatments , from root canals and crowns , bridges and veneers , dental implants and whitening treatments … and more .
How To Save On Dental Care
Here are facts and strategies that will help teach you how to find a good dentist , save money , understand your dental bill , and dental emergency solutions .
Orthodontics
Need a smile makeover ?
Browse our articles on braces for kids and adults .
Learn about different types of braces , retainers , common orthodontic problems and orthodontic treatments .
Types of Dentists
There ’s a dentist for everything , do you know which one you need ?
Is it an Endodontist , Periodontist , Orthodontist , Prosthodontist … find out who does what in the wonderful world of dental care .
Start Here
Dental Care Facts and Statistics
Tooth decay is the most prevalent chronic disease around the globe , even though it is largely preventable with good oral care .
Dental disease is a “ silent epidemic ” that restricts activities in school , work , and home , and often significantly diminishes the quality of life .
Just under one in every four American children have untreated cavities in their teeth .
Children reporting recent toothaches were 4 times more likely to have a lower grade - point average than their peers .
Sadly “ a substantial number of US children recently had a toothache .
26 % of adults 20 to 64 have untreated dental decay .
One in every four American seniors have no remaining natural teeth .
Americans made an estimated 2.1 million visits to hospital emergency rooms in 2015 for dental conditions that were preventable .
These are the most popular articles in the Dental Information Center :
run
Finally , your lovingly prepared SNES model is getting some well - heeled new friends to hang out with .
Cubeecraft is a website wholly dedicated to the paper - based recreation of cultural icons , and it's prepared a pair of exquisitely detailed clones of the NES and Dreamcast .
While some such projects might require patience and finesse , putting together the above templates does n't even ask for any glue or tape .
So what are you waiting for , grab your scissors andto the links below for full 150d pi printouts -- just be sure to make the time for some imaginary Contra action afterwards .
[ Via Technabob Read - NES cutout Read - DC cutout
We have just received word that PlayStation 3 demo kiosks are starting to receive Batman : Arkham Asylum demos .
The game will be releasing on August 25th , so if you would like to take an early peek at the game head down to your nearest PS3 demo kiosk .
This Batman game is looking like one of the best games that the Dark Knight has starred in .
The stealth , grapple gameplay seem like a perfect match for Batman .
As always stay tuned here on PlayStation LifeStyle for our live - blogging of E3 and the latest news on your favorite console .
Thanks for the tip DevonTheDude !
Italy 's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi looks on before his meeting with Colombia 's President Alvaro Uribe in Rome 's Palazzo Chigi April 30 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Alessia Pierdomenico
NAPLES ( Reuters ) - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , who has compared himself to Jesus Christ and Napoleon , boasted on Friday that he was the world ’s most popular leader .
The conservative premier , in his third term in office , said opinion poll findings in his possession showed his popularity at just over 75 percent , making him far more popular than U.S. President Barack Obama -- or any other head of government .
“ The opinion polls I know say that he ( Obama ) is at 59 percent .
Only ( Brazilian President Luiz Inacio ) Lula tops 60 percent -- he is at 64 percent .
So mine is a record high , ” he told reporters in Naples where he attended a May Day concert .
On his way out of the concert hall , the 72 - year - old Berlusconi -- who has proclaimed himself the Jesus Christ of Italian politics and once said he was second only to Napoleon , except taller -- was heckled by protesters who shouted “ Go Away ! . ”
Commentators agree Berlusconi enjoys high popularity ratings despite the economic crisis -- the International Monetary Fund expects Italy ’s economy to contract by 4.4 percent this year -- although perhaps not as high as he claims .
A poll published last month by left - leaning La Repubblica daily said support for Berlusconi stood at 56 percent and had risen in April for the first time since October thanks to his hands - on response to a deadly earthquake .
Berlusconi , who regularly complains of unfair treatment by the media despite directly or indirectly controlling 90 percent of Italy ’s television , put his own popularity at 75.1 percent .
“ These are independent surveys , but they are not promptly published , ” he said .
I am in the process of writing an application that does a lot of parsing in which performance is the key .
In the process , I performed some rudimentary speed testing that yielded some interesting results .
Rather than keep them to myself , I thought I would share them .
I am currently parsing out the contents of general webpages , so for the test case , I used a string that contained the html to generate a fairly standard select list ( with 31 options ) .
For the first test , I merely wanted to pull out the name of the select element .
I used the following two parsing commands in a side - by - side timing comparison and ran each in a loop 5000 times to get a larger time value : preg_match ( " / name= [ ] ? ( [ ' \ " ] ) ? (( ? ( 1 ) [ ^\ \ 1 ] |[ ^\s \ > ] ) +? ) ( ?
( 1) \\1|[\s > ] ) /i " , $ string , $ arr ) ; eregi( " name = [ \ " ' ]
{ 0,1} ( [ _0 - 9a - zA - Z ] + ) [ \ " ' ] { 0,1} " , $ string , $ arr ) ; Note :
The preg_match expression is actually far more accurate that the eregi as well as complex .
It handles the case of " name=34 multiple > " as well as " name= ' my select ' " .
Both expressions were also case insensitive .
The results : preg_match Timer : This page was generated in 0.26572799682617 seconds .
eregi Timer :
This page was generated in 1.2171900272369 seconds .
The preg_match is considerably faster than ereg and much more powerful ( the PHP homepage for the documentation ) , and while the syntax takes a little adjustment ( if you have never used Perl before ) , it is not that difficult to convert to .
When I replaced all of my eregi statements with their preg_match equivalents , I found that the parsing portion of my page went from .46 seconds to .23 .
When it comes to regular expression pattern matching , I have come to the conclusion that the only option is preg_match .
Inspired by this revelation , I decided to test preg_split vs split vs explode .
It was not nearly as interesting , but I thought I would post my results nonetheless .
Using the same string as above , I decided to split the string by the </ option tag .
I used the following commands in a side - by - side comparison ( again in a loop of 5000 ) : preg_split ( '/<\/option /i' , $ string , $ arr ) ; spliti ( " < /option > " , $ string , $ arr ) ; explode ( " < / option > " , $ string , $ arr ) ;
The results : preg_split Timer :
This page was generated in 0.23138296604156 seconds .
split Timer :
This page was generated in 0.22009003162384 seconds .
explode Timer :
This page was generated in 0.14973497390747 seconds .
This really is not too surprising when it comes to explode .
If there is no complex pattern matching , always use explode .
preg_split vs split was a little surprising given my findings above , but in general , it looks like while there is not much of a difference , split has the slight edge .
Summary : * If you are doing regular expression matching in a string , use preg_match .
Not only is it much faster , but it is much more powerful than ereg .
*
If you are splitting a string by a simple string pattern , use explode . *
If you are splitting a string using regular expressions , use split unless you need the functionality of preg_split .
Disclaimer : I have not done exhaustive performance study of all of the possible scenarios to find discrepancies , but from my observations so far , the above conclusions have held true .
If anyone has any other information , please post it for us all to share .
I hope some of you have found this useful .
Matthew Aznoe Fuzz Technologies [ EMAIL PROTECTED ] ( 406 ) 587-1100 x217
-- PHP General Mailing List ( http://www.php.net/)
To unsubscribe , e-mail : [ EMAIL PROTECTED ]
For additional commands , e-mail : [ EMAIL PROTECTED ]
To contact the list administrators , e-mail : [ EMAIL PROTECTED ]
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The National Archives -- a repository of important government documents , including the U.S. Constitution -- has lost a computer hard drive containing large volumes of Clinton administration records , including the names , phone numbers and Social Security numbers of White House staff members and visitors .
The National Archives has lost a hard drive containing large volumes of Clinton administration records .
Officials at the Archives say they do n't know how many confidential records are on the hard drive .
But congressional aides briefed on the matter say it contains " more than 100,000 " Social Security numbers , including one belonging to a daughter of then - Vice President Al Gore .
It also contains Secret Service and White House operating procedures , the staffers said they were told .
The hard drive was last seen in the National Archive 's complex in College Park , Maryland , sometime between October of last year and the first week of February .
It was discovered missing in late March , prompting a thorough search for the small , 2.5 pound device , the Archives said .
When it could not be located , the inspector general 's office opened a criminal investigation .
On Wednesday , the Archives announced a $ 50,000 reward for information leading to its return .
The Archives said no national security information is on the hard drive , nor any original documents .
But they said it does contain " personally identifiable information , " and they take the loss " very seriously . "
U.S. Rep. Darrell Issa , R- California , whose staff was briefed on the matter , said the House will hold a hearing Thursday on the incident .
" If they [ the National Archives ' staff ] can't handle a hard drive that may be sensitive properly , we need to ask the question , will they handle the most secret materials properly ? "
Issa said .
The Archives Wednesday gave the following account of the disappearance :
Last October , the hard drive was moved from a " secure " storage area to a workspace where it was being used for routine recopying to ensure preservation of the records .
But work was halted last year because archivists " wanted to investigate using automated tools to generate inspection reports . "
Staffers were moved to other projects until an automated tool was found in mid-March -- that 's when they found the hard drive was missing .
The device is described as a two terabyte Western Digital MY BOOK external hard drive , measuring 6.5 x 2.1 x 5.4 inches .
More than 110 4 - millimeter tape cartridges were copied onto the hard drive .
The records included records from the Clinton Administration Executive Office of the President .
The archives said no original records have been lost , and the Archives has a backup hard drive that will enable them to determine what information is on the missing device .
The inspector general said at least 100 people had access to the area where the hard drive was left unsecured , and that janitors , visitors and others also passed through the area .
The Archives said it is reviewing the data on a copy of the missing hard drive and compiling a list of people whose personal information may be compromised .
It will notify individuals of the potential breach and will provide them with a year of credit monitoring , the Archives said .
" Because of the extremely large volume of data on the drive , we do not know yet the number of individuals whose privacy has been affected , " the Archives said Wednesday .
" As individuals are identified , they will be notified . "
The Archives also said it has taken steps to improve security , including both physical control of records and the treatment of personal information .
All About National Archives and Records Administration • Bill Clinton • Al Gore
Mind that age !
This blog post is 11 years old !
Most likely , its content is outdated .
Especially if it 's technical .
I was reading David Cramer 's tip to use JSONField in Django to be able to store arbitrary fields in a SQL database .
Nice .
But is it fast enough ?
Well , I can't answer that but I did look into the difference in read / write performance between simplejson , cPickle and marshal .
Only reading :
JSON 0.00593531370163 PICKLE
0.0109532237053 MARSHAL
0.00413788318634
Reading and writing :
JSON 0.0434390544891 PICKLE
0.0289686655998 MARSHAL
0.00728442907333
Clearly marshal is faster but to quote the documentation :
" Warning :
The marshal module is not intended to be secure against erroneous or maliciously constructed data .
Never unmarshal data received from an untrusted or unauthenticated source . "
Clearly simplejson is a very fast reader and the JSON format has the delicious advantage that it's " human readable " ( compared to the others ) .
NOTE !
I spent about 5 minutes putting together the script and about 10 minutes writing this so feel free to doubt it 's scientific accuracy .
Also , just because JSON wrote slowest here does n't mean it 's slow .
Look at this code for example :
>>> import simplejson >>> d = simplejson .
load ( open ( ' classes.json ' ) ) >>> len ( open ( ' classes.json ' ) . read ( ) ) 114254 >>> from time import time >>> def test ( ) : ... t0 = time ( ) ; simplejson .
dump ( d , open ( '/tmp/write.json ' , 'w' ) ) ; t1 = time ( ) ... return t1 - t0 ... >>> test () 0.06772303581237793 >>> test () 0.076719999313354492 >>> test () 0.081094026565551758
That 's right !
Less than a tenth of a second to write more than 100Kb of data .
Related posts
ModNation Racers looks to be designed in the same spirit as LittleBigPlanet .
The title promises incredible customization for both levels and vehicles .
During the Sony Press Event at E3 2009 , the developer showed only a glimpse of this incredible new game focusing mainly on the level customization .
ModNation Racers supports robust customizations for your vehicle too .
User Knave , from the PlayStation LifeStyle Forums , kindly took some screen caps from the latest trailer .
The screen captures show you just how deep the customizable options are .
ModNation Racers ’ debut was only about a month ago , it ’s shaping up to be a killer title for the PS3 .
Spatial Is Not Special
Spatial data processing simply is a branch in computing between many others : and spatial data are too much strategic and pervasive to be confined to niche applications
This logo was kindly contributed by Massimo Zedda
libspatialite sources a library extending the basic SQLite core in order to get a full fledged Spatial DBMS , really simple and lightweight , but mostly OGC - SFS compliant
virtualpg sources a loadable dynamic extension module to both SQLite and SpatiaLite implementing VirtualPostgres ( direct SQL cross access to PostgreSQL / PostGIS tables ) .
freexl sources a library to extract valid data from within an Excel ( .xls ) spreadsheet
readosm sources a library indifferenclty parsing both OSM - XML and OSM - protobuf datasets
spatialite - tools sources a collection of CLI tools supporting SpatiaLite .
librasterlite2 sources an advanced library supporting raster handling methods
spatialite - gui sources a GUI tool supporting SpatiaLite in the easiest way
librewms sources a WMS viewer built on the top of RasterLite2
dataseltzer sources a CGI component built on the top of Spatialite supporting OpenData dissemination
Oracle CEO and founder Larry Ellison , in his first public appearance since Oracle announced April 20 that it intends to acquire Sun Microsystems for $ 7.4 billion , told a packed auditorium in an informal appearance onstage at the JavaOne conference in San Francisco that his new ownership will continue to invest heavily in Sun 's Java franchise .
Ellison also said - almost in an offhand way - that the new Oracle may get into the Java - powered netbook - and telephone - making businesses at some point .
Ellison , noting that " all of our middleware is based 100 percent on Java , " said his company has " invested more than anybody else in Java technology in terms of dollars over the years , and we intend to invest - and accelerate our investments - going forward . "
Java ,
Sun 's open - source networking programming language , is found in most IT systems , throughout the Internet and in millions of handheld devices worldwide .
Sharing the stage , Ellison and Sun Chairman Scott McNealy , however , chose not to discuss the future of Sun 's hardware businesses , which include processors , servers , storage arrays , network switches , thin - client terminals and a number of other items .
" Let 's focus mainly on Java here today , that 'll keep us out of trouble , " McNealy joked .
To read an analysis of Oracle 's multibillion - dollar acquisition of Sun , click here .
Since the announcement of the acquisition , there has been speculation by analysts and industry insiders that Oracle may want to break off
Sun 's hardware franchises and sell them to other vendors .
Ellison , however , said shortly after the transaction was announced that he intends to do no such thing .
Java is very attractive for Oracle " because it allows us to extend our own platform and build applications on top of it , " Ellison said .
" Our whole next generation of business applications , something we call our Fusion Suite of applications , is built entirely on Java .
This will be the first - ever set of ERP and CRM applications built on a standard platform , " Ellison said .
" We were able to do that because Java is open and extensible . "
Ellison added that his engineers have contributed a great deal to the Java franchise over the years .
" We had to add to Java such things as real - time business activity monitoring , business intelligence - a variety of things - and we could do that because Java is open , " Ellison said .
" Customers and ISPs can do the same things for their own applications . "
Oracle May Build Java Netbooks
Ellison also told about 3,000 Java developers at the conference at the Moscone Center that he may steer Oracle toward new businesses making Java - powered netbooks and telephones to compete with Hewlett - Packard , Acer , Lenovo , Dell and other companies .
" I do n't see why some of those devices should n't come from Sun , " Ellison said .
" There will be computers that are fundamentally based on Java . "
Netbooks are smaller , relatively inexpensive laptop computers with wireless connectivity that are good for checking e-mail and browsing the Web .
Analysts expect the netbook market to grow to about 25 million units sold in 2009 , up from 11.7 million in 2008 .
Ellison and McNealy did not address any of Sun 's other open - source software projects , such as MySQL ( database ) , the NetBeans software tools and several others .
McNealy said when Sun's and Oracle 's research and development divisions join together in the merger , the R&D budget will total between $ 4 billion and $ 5 billion per year , ranking it among the world 's top 10 companies .
" That is a very , very positive future for Oracle , " McNealy said .
By Nick Bryant
BBC News , Northern Territory
The entrance to one of Australia 's most contentious plots of real estate is marked by a small road sign and a burnt - out car - its doors buckled , its windscreen smashed in and its mangled side emblazoned with the words NO DUMP spelt out in huge capital letters with silver tape that shimmers in the outback sun .
A six - hour drive north of Alice Springs , this is the proposed site of a radioactive waste dump - a project that has not only sparked the most rancorous of environmental debates , but divided the local Aboriginal community , the traditional owners of the land .
Supporters of the dump claim it would bring much - needed employment and money to an area with little prospects and few jobs .
For opponents , it would not only be an unwelcome blot on their beloved red centre landscape , but a toxic one at that .
Amy Lauder , an Aboriginal elder , is at the centre of the storm .
Amy Lauder welcomes the nearly £ 6 m in government subsidies A small woman , with long , grey straggly hair , she 's the matriarch of her family and a passionate advocate of the waste dump .
" We 're satisfied that it 's safe , " she told me .
" We 've consulted enough to make our decision right . "
She 's prepared to welcome radioactive materials onto her family 's traditional land , along with the nearly Aus$ 12 m ( £ 6 m ) in government subsidies that would come with it .
For Amy and her Nagpa people , the economic imperative is essential .
She believes the waste dump would bring about the transformation of her community , bringing : " sealed airstrips , sealed roads - we'd like to have TV and power , street lights . "
Contamination If Amy gets her way , Muckaty Station would become the site of a new national repository for low and intermediate - level radioactive waste .
The low - level waste - gloves from hospitals , pipe work and the like - would be stored in drums and buried underground .
Building a waste dump would sever locals ' ancient bond with the land
The intermediate waste would be encapsulated more securely using glass and other technologies .
" Both of those will lock up the material for hundreds of thousands of years , " according to Dr Ron Cameron , the acting chief executive of the Australian Nuclear Science and Technology Organisation , which is responsible for managing the government 's nuclear waste .
" You want stable geology , you want distance from a water table , so that there 's no chance of it ever reaching a water table .
" You want somewhere where its easy to transport it to , " he added .
Dr Cameron believes that parts of the outback offer both .
Yet Amy Lauder faces a barrage of criticism from environmentalists and fellow Aborigines , who believe that a waste dump would defile their sacred land .
Ancient bond Kath Martin , another Aboriginal elder , lives at the foot of a hill range just north of Alice Springs .
Her home is close to another site which has been earmarked for the dump - " the track of old kangaroo legends , " as she described it .
There could be contamination - they can't tell me that 's not a possibility
Aboriginal elder Kath Martin Sitting on her veranda , Kath thought she could best sum up her love of the land by reading a poem written by her daughter .
But she broke down in tears as she reached its coda .
" This great land that we have used for thousands of years just to survive ...
" Now stand here with me and help us fight to keep this alive " Another anti-dump protester Mitch - she has chosen not to have a surname - lives in a lace - curtain suburb of Alice Springs , in a bungalow protected by a wire fence with an anti-waste dump protest sign at the entrance .
She 's an Engawala woman from Harts Range , another of the four sites under consideration .
" If it 's not in their backyard , they 're happy , " she says of white Australia .
" But it 's going to be in our backyard and we 're not happy about it . "
Building a waste dump , she says , would sever the ancient bond with the land .
" You wo n't be able to go onto country to talk the stories , you wo n't be able to go onto country to dance , and paint your bodies up and do the ceremonial stuff that we are obligated as Aboriginal people to do on our land .
" There could be contamination .
They can't tell me that 's not a possibility . "
Putting up a fight
In opposition , the Australian Labor Party condemned the Muckaty Station proposal , and pledged to repeal the Commonwealth Radioactive Waste Management Act , the legislation that underpins it .
But so far that has not happened .
Martin Ferguson , the minister responsible for making that call , declined to be interviewed - no one else from the department was available for comment either .
The Australian Greens suspect the government will uphold its pre-election pledge to repeal the legislation , but in a way which still keeps open the option of siting a waste dump in the outback .
For Amy Lauder , meanwhile , the current uncertainty is frustrating .
She can see her opportunity slipping through her fingers and she 's not going to let that happen without putting up a fight .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
With Marloes ten Bhömer ( Netherlands ) practically every kind of material will do for making shoes – wood , polyurethane resin , tarpaulin .
She does n’t even stop short of steel and fiberglass .
Small wonder , then , that her shoes look like nothing you have seen before !
They are works of art first and foremost .
Marloes ten Bhömer cooperates with galleries all over the world , so you may have already seen her designs .
A new collection of her Special Edition Shoes will be out presently , to be ordered at her online store .
Source of the images : marloestenbhomer.squarespace.com .
They are .
And they do .
The first encounter I had with what is now commonly known as a “ birther ” was right after the 2008 election .
It was with one of my family members :
“ Obama was n’t even born in this country , ” she - who - will - remain - nameless proclaimed .
“ No , you ’ve got it mixed up .
McCain was n’t born in this country , ” I said .
“ He was born in Panama , but it was a U.S. territory at the time . ”
“ No it ’s Obama .
He was born in Hawaii and Hawaii was n’t a state yet . ”
“ Hawaii became a state in 1959 , ” I busted out with some grade school civics class knowledge .
And then , there it was , the thing birthers are now being known for :
My name - withheld family member then sighed and muttered , “ Well , I do n’t know . ”
“ No , you do know .
Because I just told you . ”
I thought but did n’t dare yap aloud .
“ Hawaii was a state in 1959 and Barack Hussein Obama was born in 1961 .
He just won the election by the biggest margin since Ronald Reagan and he ’s going to be the first half African - American President of the United States . ”
“ Well , I do n’t know , ” she continued , sure of herself .
Then she switched tactics , “ He wo n’t show anybody his birth certificate . ”
“ I ’ve seen it online , ” I said .
“ Well , I do n’t know .
It ’s suspicious .
Do n’t you think it ’s suspicious ?
He wo n’t show anybody his birth certificate . ”
“ But he does .
He has .
I ’ve seen it .
Online . ”
“ Well , I do n’t know .
I think he should show it .
It ’s interesting though , huh ? ”
No .
No it ’s not interesting .
There ’s nothing interesting .
There are questions .
Here are answers .
Refusing said answers , does n’t mean there are still questions .
Furthermore , refusing other answers and holding tight to doubt then blaming the proof - provider for not being forthcoming does not equal “ interesting . ”
“ Well , I do n’t know . ”
Now it ’s taken on a whole witch trial vibe .
Very Malleus Maleficarum ( 1486 ’s best - seller “ The Hammer Against Witches ” ) .
Like the woman showing up to Rep.
Mike Castle ’s town hall in Delaware bleating Obama is , according to her , a citizen of Kenya .
Now it ’s to prove a negative .
Their evidence is their own suspicion and the only acceptable defense is Obama stepping down as president .
“ ‘ Barack Obama is a citizen of the United States .
Why not release your birth certificate ? ’
What is the big deal with saying that ? ” asked CNN ’s “ give us your huddled masses ” opponent Lou Dobbs on the July 28 edition of his radio show .
What ’s the big deal with saying that ?
What ’s wrong with saying that is the simple fact Obama HAS released his birth certificate .
That ’s what ’s wrong with saying it .
It ’s like saying there were WMD ’s in Iraq .
It ’s not true .
It ’s been proven to be untrue .
So what ’s wrong with saying that is – it ’s wrong .
But birthers do n’t want proof of what they do n’t believe .
They want to hold onto doubt regardless of evidence .
It ’s like drawing a saddle on a dinosaur .
It does n’t make it accurate .
It just shows one ’s convictions trumping overwhelming evidence .
The birthers position is like asserting the earth is flat because when they flew around it they had their eyes closed .
Being a birther should disqualify you from serving on a jury let alone in Congress .
But , Bill Posey , a freshman Representative from Florida , told the Orlando Sentinel he could n’t swear on a stack of bibles whether Obama is or is n’t an American .
He and other Republican congresspeople have been playing up the “ non-denial denial ” of this fiction .
So willful ignorance on the part of the accusers is now giving the story more legs .
The origin hysteria of this is the holdover from the “ love it or leave it ” and “ these colors do n’t run ” crowd ( my family ) .
Their unflinching jingoism is now misplaced since there is a funny - named dark skinned guy in the White House .
Everything American is good .
We do n’t like Barack Obama .
Therefore he must not be American .
Which could be progress since those of African descent in America were once not considered human .
But still , spiteful denial is what passes for healthy skepticism ?
Well , I do n’t know .
@tinadupuy
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
The first Herschel image has come earlier than expected
Enlarge Image
Europe 's new Herschel space observatory has provided a demonstration of its capability with a first image of the iconic Whirlpool Galaxy .
The billion - euro telescope opened its " eyes " to the cosmos last Sunday when a command was given to lift a protective hatch covering the instrument bay .
Herschel spied the galaxy , also known as M51 , with its Photoconductor Array Camera and Spectrometer ( PACS ) .
Scientists stress Herschel is still in its commissioning phase .
They need to learn how best to operate the facility .
When , finally , the first image showed up on the screen it was truly amazing
Dr Albrecht Poglitsch , Herschel scientist Nonetheless , the very first test observation suggests the optical performance of Herschel will more than meet the design expectations .
Scientists connected with the mission said they were " ecstatic " with the results .
Albrecht Poglitsch , the lead scientist on PACS , told the BBC " nobody in their right mind would ever have predicted such a quality at the very first attempt " .
HERSCHEL SPACE TELESCOPE
The observatory is tuned to see the Universe in the far - infrared Its 3.5 m diameter mirror is the largest ever flown in space Herschel can probe clouds of gas and dust to see stars being born
It will investigate how galaxies have evolved through time
The mission will end when its helium refrigerant boils off The European Space Agency ( Esa ) mission was launched from Earth on 14 May .
The observatory 's quest is to study how stars and galaxies form , and how they evolve through cosmic time .
Herschel is sensitive to light at long wavelengths - in the far - infrared and sub-millimetre range .
PACS covers the shorter end of the spectrum ; the SPIRE ( Spectral and Photometric Imaging Receiver ) instrument looks at the longer end .
Whereas PACS got its opportunity to look out into the Universe immediately after the hatch opening on Sunday , SPIRE was not scheduled to make its first observation until Tuesday .
Its check - out targets were likely to include an object in our Solar System as well as something far - distant .
Left :
The best view of M51 taken by Nasa 's much smaller Spitzer space telescope and its Multiband Imaging Photometer Right :
The bigger Herschel telescope 's image is sharper .
The European observatory reveals new structures in M51
Dr Poglitsch described his feelings on getting the first imagery down from Herschel .
" It certainly was a moment to remember , " he told BBC News .
" We were anxiously watching the progress bar on the computer .
When , finally , the first image showed up on the screen it was truly amazing - nobody in their right mind would ever have predicted such a quality at the very first attempt .
" So , it was a mix of disbelief and exaltation , with the latter one gradually prevailing as all three ' colours ' rolled in one after the other .
" The nice colour picture , of course , took days of more advanced processing of the data in the three individual bands and then quite some optimisation at the colour image level to visualize the information it carries .
" So , when we had reached that level - three days after the initial arrival of the data - everybody on the team was absolutely enthusiastic about what we had achieved .
" I would say that it was a once - in - a - lifetime experience . "
Dr Poglitsch is affiliated to the Max - Planck - Institut für extraterrestrische Physik , Garching .
The PACS team celebrates the first image .
Albrecht Poglitsch is standing far right
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If I ’m ever caught , God forbid , at the scene of a brutal multiple homicide , a smoking gun in one hand and a manifesto painstakingly outlining my contempt for human kind in the other , I want Hollywood to be my lawyer .
What those guys do n’t know about twisting facts and manipulating history to spin a decent yarn is n’t worth knowing .
While one of their hotshot script writers relays to the court how my damaged character is a result of a lifetime of oppression by a sadistic and jealous aristocrat , another will be painting a picture of a man driven to shooting up a charity shop by his undying love for a terminally ill Russian heiress with a heart of gold .
After a tear - wrenching testimonial from an illiterate cherubic - faced chimney sweep with a hacking cough and an angelic smile the jury will suddenly understand how a man could be pushed to unload several rounds into Granny Goggins back as she reached for a jigsaw puzzle .
Not only will my crime be overlooked , but the sweeping classical score being pumped into the court room , coupled with the enormous yet inexplicable public support coming from the gallery ( extras ) , will have me feted as a hero and a true friend of the people .
In future the details of my crime will become hazy , yet wizened old people will hand my story down through the generations as a beacon of truth ; a tale of right versus wrong , good versus evil and red hot steel versus a pensioners back .
Here ’s a few they did earlier .
ROBIN HOOD – PRINCE OF THIEVES
JOHN DILLINGER – PUBLIC ENEMIES
What we actually know about the famous English bowman you can write on the sharp end of an arrow .
But it ’s almost certain he did n’t have a little Errol Flynn goatee or a shaggy mullet a la Kevin Costner in Prince of Thieves .
There ’s actual historical records from the time of people called Robert Hod , Robard Hude and Robinhude which I like to think suggests a kind of medieval Keyser Soze type character rather than a bloke in green tights prancing around the forest robbing from the rich and giving to the poor .
And while we ’re on the subject
In any case , until they make a Robin Hood film where everyone has black teeth , stinks and is riddled with the sorts of ailments prevalent in the Middle Ages , it ’s never going to be as faithful as historians would like .
WILLIAM WALLACE – BRAVEHEART
Let ’s be honest , as soon as you ’ve got Johnny Depp playing the lead role , the vast majority of people will be inclined to fall unquestionably in love with Dillinger regardless of how heinous his crimes were .
It ’s worth remembering that he gunned down a fair few innocent people in his day although Hollywood tends to gloss over that fact , or characterise the policemen doing their jobs as trigger - happy sadists who just want to kill everyone ’s buzz .
As Hollywood well knows , it never hurts to play heavily on the fool for love stchick which shows our killer ’s human side .
In this case though Hollywood left out the fact that On an unrelated side note , does it say something about the time we live in that taking a prostitute to the cinema seems such a bizarre concept ?
JESSE JAMES – THE ASSASSINATION OF JESSE JAMES
I have to be careful what I say about this one seeing as how Mel Gibson , I mean William Wallace , has become a towering symbol of Scottish pride helping undo some of the damage done to the national character by Trainspotting .
But COME ON !
If this is n’t a perfect example of Hollywood picking up an idea and running off down the road with it screaming IT ’S MINE !
ALL MINE !!!
I do n’t know what is .
OK , Edward ‘ Hammer of the Scots ’
The 1stbut that ’s no excuse for such levels of unadulterated jingoism .
To portray ALL the Scots as gregarious , peace - loving common folk is one thing , but why do all the English have to sound like public school types who ’ve ridden out to battle with a poker stuck up their arses ?
And did no one notice how massively condescending it is that in the film Wallace had to have been schooled in Rome just to show that he ’s a cut above your average Joe .
Oh , and he shags the future queen of England .
As if that ever happened !
CHE GUEVARA – CHE / MOTORCYCLE DIARIES
The legend of Jesse James represents the archetypal folk hero who throughout his own lifetime was nothing short of an utter bastard .
Although it is widely accepted that James embodied the spirit of a young country kicking out on its own to conquer the wild west , it is more correct to say James was a mercenary out for all he could lay his thieving little hands on .
As with the Depp effect , Brad Pitt ’s brooding troubled Jesse in the generously titled The Murder of the Outlaw Jesse James by the Coward Robert Fords sidestepped the fact that the James brothers had been Confederate guerillas during the civil war who fell into robbing banks after the war ended .
They would n’t think twice about killing bank employees or anyone who happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time – but hey ,
Advertisement
As is beautifully described in Walter Salles ’s The Motorcycle Diaries , Ernesto ‘ Che’ Guevara was a man of the people whose experiences moved him to fight for the rights of ordinary folk and bring down corrupt economic systems .
But as is more thoroughly detailed in Steven Soderbergh ’s
Che this was mainly achieved through violence and ruthless guerrilla warfare .
Since his death at the hands of the CIA Guevara ’s face has become an internationally recognised symbol of revolution or , as is the case in millions of student bedsits where a Che poster sits beside one ofJack McKay
We got a tip from one of our most - trusty ninjas earlier this morning about this , but we ’ve now also got a screenshot from someone else , too .
To make a long story short , if you did not pre-order an iPhone 3G S from AT&T yet , ( we ’re not talking about Apple because we do n’t have information on their pre-ordering / stock levels , etc ) your iPhone 3G S wo n’t be shipping to you / your store until “ 7 - 14 days ” after the order date .
It seems that all AT&T ’s pre-order stock is depleted leaving only iPhone 3G
Ss for dying - in - line purchasing on this coming Friday , and all pre-orders going forward wo n’t be fulfilled until after the June 19th launch date .
Thanks , to our ninjas !
If you are looking into how to pay for higher education , chances are you ’ve come across lots of information about financial aid available to undergraduates .
What you do n’t hear about nearly as much , though , is how to pay for graduate school .
Graduate funding breaks down into three main categories : Assistantships , Fellowships and Loans .
Some graduate schools do offer need - based and merit - based scholarships , but these are few and far between .
Aid from individual schools usually comes in the form of assistantships and fellowships and there are no Pell grants for graduate students .
Assistantships represent the most common way for graduate students to receive full or partial funding .
Usually , assistantships are confined to tuition waivers , although some schools will include fees and a small stipend .
When you have an assistantship , you are usually expected to either help teach or engage in research .
Fellowships are often the results of charitable endowments to universities for specific types of students .
For students in the sciences , it is possible to find fellowship programs funded by companies that want research done .
IBM recently awarded a Ph.D. fellowship to a student at the University of Albany ’s College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering .
Christopher Miller , the recipient , will receive tuition , fees and a stipend .
Fellowships often provide more generous support than assistantships .
Usually , a fellowship covers nearly all the costs of completing the graduate program .
The federal government offers fellowships from the National Science Foundation and through the Jacob K. Javits Fellowship Program .
There ’s evidence that since the recession , assistantships and fellowships have been in short supply .
Increasing numbers of students are returning to school for graduate degrees , and competition is fierce .
In the Collegian , Robert Kling , an Associate Professor of Economics at Colorado State University , pointed out that the recession has induced thousands more to go to graduate school .
“ [ A ] n average student 's chances of getting into his or her preferred school or obtaining funding on research or teaching assistantships are lower than normal . ”
William Smith , who graduated from Utah State University in May , found out firsthand the difficulties involved with getting an assistantship .
“ I was on the waiting list at Ohio State , ” he said .
“ When the admissions rep called me to tell me I had n’t made it , she apologized .
She said that usually everyone on the waiting list was taken .
But this year , with the recession , and the competition , and the desperation , everyone accepted and no one from the waiting list received an assistantship . ”
While fellowships and assistantships are nice , most graduate students have to resort to loans .
Even for those who receive assistantships and some scholarship help , there is usually a funding gap .
Mark Kantrowitz , the publisher of FinAid.org and FastWeb.com , two Web sites devoted to helping all students find financial aid , pointed out that loans make up the bulk of funding for graduate students .
“ Graduate financial aid tends to boil down to a few basic types , but it ’s mostly going to be loans . ”
Kantrowitz recommends that graduate students turn first to federal student loans .
“ You can get Stafford loans for $ 20,500 a year when you are a graduate student .
Beyond that , you can apply for Grad PLUS loans .
You should only turn to private loans after you no longer qualify for federal loans . ”
While you can find private graduate student loans through Web sites like TERI.org , there is also an increasing interest in using peer - to - peer lending to fill the funding gap .
TuitionU is designed as a P2P source for student loans .
And , of course , there are the old P2P standbys , Prosper and Lending Club .
For married graduate students , there is one more time - tested method of covering living expenses while in graduate school : “ Often , one will work while the other gets a degree , and then they switch , ” Kantrowitz said .
“ No matter your method , though , only one source of funding is likely to prove inadequate .
You should explore as many options as possible . ”
Related Links :
Financial Aid : Are You Better Off Earning Less ?
Is the Student Fiancial Aid System Flunking ?
Higher Ed. Hidden Gems : Corporate Scholarships
JERUSALEM , May 19 ( Reuters ) - Jewish settler leaders on Tuesday shrugged off U.S. President Barack Obama 's call for Israel to halt settlement building in the occupied West Bank , saying Palestinians needed to " halt terror first " .
Dani Dayan , chairman of the West Bank settlers ' umbrella organisation Yesha Council , said he felt assured that domestic political support would allow settlers to continue to live in the occupied West Bank .
" The Israeli electorate set a clear line for this government ... we have strong support in the new Knesset ( parliament ) and the things we hear among politicians certainly encourage us that if Netanyahu ( halts settlement building ) the Knesset will stand at our side , " Dayan told Reuters .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met Obama for talks at the White House on Monday and the U.S. president afterwards reminded Israel of its commitment under a 2003 U.S. - backed peace " road map " to stop settlement building in the occupied West Bank .
" Obama 's words were factually incorrect , " Dayan said .
He relied on the road map , but it does not impose on Israel to halt building in Judea and Samaria ( the West Bank ) , because the Palestinians do not carry out their commitment , which comes beforehand , to stop terror . "
About half a million Jews live in more than 100 settlements Israel has built on land Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war in the West Bank and Arab East Jerusalem , territory in which close to three million Palestinians live .
The United States and the European Union view all Jewish settlements in the West Bank as illegal under international law and as obstacles to peace .
HOMELAND
Political commentators in the Israeli media on Tuesday said Netanyahu would have to avoid conflict with his coalition partners , most of whom are right - wing parties , in order to keep his potentially fractious coalition intact .
Israeli columnist Nahum Barnea said in the mass - circulation Yedioth Ahronoth newspaper that Netanyahu could argue that he is powerless to halt Israel 's settlement activity .
" We will continue to squabble with the ( U.S. ) administration on the issue of settlements , " Barnea wrote .
" All administrations were unhappy with Israel on this issue but the Obama administration differs from its predecessors only in that it sees the matter as the real problem .
Netanyahu 's only argument against this is that if he freezes ( settlement building ) he will be toppled . "
Pinhas Wallerstein , another settler leader , said Israel would have to listen to American wishes but would also need to consider the needs of settlers .
" We wo n't have a choice but to take into account American wishes because they are our friends , " he said .
A dispute with the United State would be serious for Israel " but they will also have to consider Israeli wishes ... we do n't have to be ' in your face ' and provoke them but we have to carry on our daily lives , " Wallerstein told Army Radio .
Obama again voiced strong support for creation of a Palestinian state in his talks with Netanyahu , who held back from endorsing this cornerstone of Washington 's Mideast policy .
" We talked about restarting serious negotiations on issues of Israel and the Palestinians , " Obama said , adding that it was in both sides ' interests " to achieve a two - state solution " .
Netanyahu , whose right - leaning coalition includes parties opposed to a two - state solution , has not publicly endorsed the creation of a Palestinian state .
Since he was sworn in on March 31 , Netanyahu has promised to pursue talks with the Palestinians on an economic , security and political track .
He says any Palestinian entity must have limited powers of sovereignty and no army .
Senior Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said moving the Middle East peace process forward hinged on Israel implementing its obligations under existing agreements .
" Only a reversal in Israel 's policies on the ground can restore credibility to the peace process .
This includes an immediate and complete freeze on all settlement activity , including all natural growth , " Erekat said .
But hardline settler leader Nadia Mattar said Jewish settlers would never agree to a freeze .
" Nobody can freeze a people who live in their homeland .
This is our homeland .
Nobody 's going to tell us not to live here .
Nobody 's going to tell us not to expand here , " Matar said in the West Bank settlement of Efrat .
( Editing by Douglas Hamilton and Samia Nakhoul )
What is the prognosis for planet Earth ?
That question can be readily answered .
Planet Earth is doing rather well and will continue so to do .
Unfortunately the same cannot be said for most of life on earth .
In his book The Moral Consequences of Economic Growth ( Benjamin Friedman , 2005 ) Friedman made the case that without economic growth and continuing economic growth there would be no progress .
As far as Friedman was concerned the upside of economic growth was such as to outweigh any possible downside .
This is still very much the view throughout the developed world .
We point to advances in standards of living , advances that have been made on the back of economic growth .
The current economic crisis and environmental crisis highlight the shortcomings of this economic growth mantra .
Advertisement
To understand the economic crisis we have to take a closer look at the American economy .
The American economy has been the envy of many ; countries long to be as prosperous as the USA .
If you look at the history of American wages and plot it on a graph along with company profits you observe an interesting pattern .
Up to around about 1976 American wages were growing in real terms at the same rate as business profits were growing .
Up to 1976 increases in the real wages of American workers meant that they could use those increases to purchase consumer goods .
Unsecured credit was virtually unknown and certainly was not needed .
Part of the reason for that prosperity was that the USA had a virtual monopoly in the production of manufactured goods .
Two world wars had reduced much of the rest of the world to beggar status .
However , by the early 70s Europe and Japan had begun to challenge American manufacturing dominance .
To maintain profitability we find for the first time there was some pressure on wages in the USA .
Two other things happened in the early 70s to put downward pressure on wages .
The first relates to the technological revolution which meant that companies could maintain profitability with fewer workers .
The other was the women ’s movement .
From the mid-70s the labour pool was effectively doubled .
The impact of the doubling of that labour pool can be seen in a business like Wal - Mart .
It employs the same number of employees as General Motors did in the 30s yet in real terms the wages of Wal - Mart ’s employees are about a third of what GM ’s employees were taking home in the 30s .
If one plots American businesses ’ profitability we see that economic progress has meant profits have been increasing steadily ever since the 1880s .
Wages in the USA had kept pace with that increase in profitability until we got to 1976 : from there wages plateau .
The reasons are not hard to find .
American workers had lost their bargaining power - more workers competing for the same jobs meant that they could be paid less .
Initially the lack of spending power was disguised by the fact that in many families there were now two breadwinners but just as two can live as cheaply as one they can also be paid as cheaply as one .
Businesses were flush with cash and this gave banks a problem - they had to find new ways of using the money that was being deposited and hence came the credit card .
America ’s economic growth after 1976 was no longer fuelled by the workers spending their wages on consumer goods , it was / is being fuelled by credit .
How many people reading this buy the goods they want on credit ?
How many are looking at a monthly statement that sees them sinking further and further in debt , month by month ?
How many people are technically insolvent ?
The American model has been successfully exported throughout most of the world ; the IMF and World Bank expect developing nations to adopt this model , and when they do there are often disastrous consequences .
Now that this house of cards has come crashing about our ears the only solution appears to be more spending - yet more spending on consumer goods so that growth can be restored to achieve prosperity .
Advertisement
For some time now scientists have looked at economic theory in disbelief .
It claims for itself the status of a science yet its theories seem to be divorced from the real world .
In particular , no one has been able to show how one can have infinite growth in a finite world .
Space does not permit for me to enlarge on this but for those wishing to test my argument I would recommend that they look at this public lecture .
Bartlett demonstrates the essential shortcomings in a public policy that is predicated on economic and population growth .
Paradoxically , the economic growth paradigm , although it can be credited with the improvements in the quality of life that those in the developed world enjoy , has not led to an increase in happiness .
In fact the reverse is the case .
As we have seen with the various stimulus packages , economic growth relies on consumption .
To encourage us to consume not only is credit readily available but we are also assailed by advertising encouraging us to consume more .
At the heart of all that advertising is a message of dissatisfaction ; we can not be happy unless we fill our homes with the latest gadgets .
To finance our lifestyles and stay on top of our credit cards we work longer and longer hours .
The result of this is that our consumerism not only does not bring happiness but it is bringing the world ’s ecosystem close to collapse ( see here ) .
So much for the good news ; now for the really bad news - we can do something about it !
Unfortunately doing something about it does not mean signing yet another petition , or buying some gadget that will solve our problems .
Taking action means recognising that human ingenuity has served us well in the past and can serve us well in the future .
Essentially what we can do , and should do if we are concerned , is work within our own communities to ensure that our local community has the resilience to cope with the challenges we face .
If you want to know how you can initiate such action then have a look here .
You wo n’t save planet earth but you just might help ensure the survival of human life on earth .
Buddhist Monks Say Twitter Can Lead to Happiness News Blaze , March 12 , 2009 Los Angeles , CA ( USA ) --
With his account on Twitter , Lama Sumati Marut helps his followers stay mindful of how to be happy with his free daily " Dharma Twitters . "
Dharma is a Sanskrit term that refers to the deepest truths of reality .
Understanding these truths can help bring about perfect happiness .
Lama Marut 's " tweets " ( the little messages sent over the Twitter service ) are tiny shots of Dharma love and understanding sent direct to thousands of cell phones every day via Twitter 's free service .
At 140 characters maximum , Twitter 's " microblogging " service has rapidly grown within the social networking arena .
Roughly tallying Twitter 's total membership at around 6 million and the number of monthly visitors at 55 million , Compete.com has ranked Twitter as the third largest social network in the world ( MySpace is second and Facebook is headed up the list in the number one slot ) .
With those kind of numbers , it makes sense for musicians to sign up to keep fans updated , businesses to use the service to reach out to customers , publicists and marketers to mine the statistics and flack their wares ... but an ordained Buddhist Monk ?
An ex-Venice Beach surfer , professor emeritus of Religious Studies at UC Riverside , and a child of the 1960s , Lama Marut , pulls in American cultural signposts , pop references , and humor , to help remove cross - cultural hurdles and make even the most esoteric elements of eastern philosophy work as tools for immediate transformation .
Lama Marut is ordained in the Tibetan Buddhist tradition , but his personal understanding of our modern western lifestyle unites with his extensive scriptural knowledge of authentic South Asian traditions to create spiritual teachings uniquely relevant to Americans .
With this cross-cultural background , Lama Marut understands just how technology can expand the reach of the Dharma .
" The Kadampas , Buddhist Monks from India who reintroduced Buddha 's pure teachings into 11th century Tibet , used the only technology they knew at the time ; their minds , their speech , and most importantly their feet .
They traveled thousands of miles over the Himalayas , fighting all sorts of natural and human obstacles , to get the truth of the Buddha to the people of Tibet .
Nowadays we have other obstacles - multimedia bombardments and the like .
Teachers of Buddhism , to paraphrase Malcolm X , have to use " any means necessary " to get the true source of happiness out to those searching for it .
And anyone wanting to get that information should be able to access it wherever and whenever they want . "
A few of Lama Marut 's recent tweets :
Wisdom would n't be necessary if things existed the way they seem to .
The praise we receive from others is the siren song of samsara .
Freedom comes when we give up trying to stop change .
There 's no point in worrying about the future .
It never turns out to be the way you imagined it
anyway .
To get a little of the Dharma ( 140 characters maximum ) sent straight to your cell phone every day , just create a free profile at www.twitter.com ( takes 10 minutes maximum ) and then text " follow LamaMarut " to 40404 from your cell phone .
Lama Marut is the founder and Spiritual Director of the Asian Classics Institute of Cape Ann ( ACI - Cape Ann Inc ) , which offers a full schedule of on - going classes in Tibetan Buddhism , guided meditation and yoga at its home , the Vajramudra Center .
In addition to teaching all over the world , Venerable Marut also serves as a founding Board member of the Yoga Studies Institute and as the Spiritual Director of the Asian Classics Institutes of Los Angeles .
Lama Marut will be in Essex , MA on Cape Ann during the month of April to give a series of special inter - faith teachings on the Buddha & Jesus .
For more information on dates and times , please check out the ACI - Cape Ann website .
www.aci-capeann.org or download the April Flyer at www.aci-capeann.org/MarutApril09.pdf
For more information about Lama Marut , visit his website at : www.lamamarut.org.
Subscribe to his podcasts on iTunes or download them at aci - la.org/mg - podcasts.html
For information about ACI Cape Ann Inc , please visit www.aci-capeann.org
BY Nancy Scola | Thursday , July 30 2009
( With Micah Sifry )
We 're always intrigued when we see inside - the - Beltway groups embracing new technologies , so when we heard about the National Taxpayers Union 's new visualization comparing the words being used by President Obama to describe health care reform and the actual words in the House bill , we decided to take a closer look .
National Taxpayers Union is using a pair of word clouds to make the case that the America 's Affordable Health Choices
Act of 2009 is full of " the oppressive language of big government , " while at the same time Obama 's speeches are emphasizing more positive concepts like " freedom , " " rights , " and " choice . "
Among the words in H.R. 3200 tagged by NTU as oppressive : " regulate , " " prohibit , " and " taxes . "
Now , legislation , of course , is n't a political speech or high - minded manifesto .
The job of a bill in Congress is to detail the limits and responsibilities of government .
So critiquing a bill for being full of the word " regulate " is a bit like begrudging the Burger King menu for using the dollar sign a lot .
That said , the House Democrats ' bill does n't even contain the word " regulate " at all .
( As for prohibit , another NTU " oppressive " word , it pops up in the context of " prohibiting discrimination " and " prohibiting pre-existing condition exclusions . " )
Asked about the discrepancy , National Taxpayers Union 's director of government affairs Andrew Moylan responded , " We looked for variations of the same core words , so for ' regulate ' we also searched for ' regulations . '
In our analysis , that appeared 91 times .
We also tried to do some filtering to weed out the ' false positives . '
For example , the word ' choices ' appears in the bill 's title , and there are many references within the bill that simply utilize the full title ' America ’s Affordable Health Choices Act . '
We removed those from our count and only included those in ' active ' parts of the legislation . "
It is true that a variant of the word regulate is in fact peppered throughout the text of the House Democrats ' health care reform bill .
The term " Regulation " is used quite a bit in the Democrats ' bill , some 127 times .
That 's a lot .
But , as it turns out , on a per-word basis , it 's actually less than the number of times that the oppressive word " regulation " was used in a recent major piece of Republican health legislation , the Medicare prescription drug overhaul bill that Republicans pushed through Congress in 2003 .
The Democratic health care plan has one mention of regulation for every 1,252 words .
H.R. 1 , the 2003 Republican drug plan managed to slip in a mention of regulation once every 1002 words .
By the NTU 's metric , the last major Republican health reform plan is more laden with oppressive language than the Democratic bill currently before Congress .
All of which serves as a reminder that , in politics , data can both illuminate and obfuscate .
As Moyland notes , congressional bills are dry , repetitive , boring stuff , full of bureaucratic gobbledygook .
Here , for example , is a word cloud of every single word in the Democrats ' health overhaul plan :
UPDATE : Moylan follows up : " The purpose of our project was not to make any kind of partisan point , but rather to show the disconnect between the rhetoric used to support health care reform bills and the actual content of said legislation .
I ’m glad that you pointed out the equally ' oppressive ' content of the 2003 Medicare prescription drug benefit bill , because NTU vigorously opposed that bill as well ( links 1 , 2 , and 3 ) , a position that did n’t win us many friends in Republican circles at the time .
The floor vote on the legislation received the highest weight of the year in our annual Rating of Congress .
The bottom line , from our perspective , is that President Obama and Congressional Democrats are using rhetoric traditionally associated with the right to promote a bill that is anathema to conservative principles . "
Heidi and Spencer were on Larry King Live last night , talking about their experiences on I'm a Celebrity … , and disliking Al Roker .
But viewers '
Tweets posted on the screen were far more entertaining than anything the Pratts had to say .
More than anything , we 're surprised by the level of literacy in these .
But there was probably some intern at LKL changing all the Rs to " are , " 2s to " to , " and there 's to " they 're . "
Advertisement
Aresmom : Let Speidi know that they 're NOT nice people !
Advertisement
AbiClaus :
Ask rational questions that Speidi can't answer
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
CdnBrat : Heidi and Spencer are dumb as stumps !
Advertisement
adlove2 : What does Speidi think about the situation in Iran
Advertisement
Brad_Evoy : Mr. King , Heidi & Spencer are just insipid
Advertisement
Tsunflower11 : Speidi are a waste of everyone 's time !
Advertisement
netters2680 : Tired of Speidi
Advertisement
Jo_Crew : Just ignore Speidi and they 'll go away !!!
Sheesh !
Advertisement
renee162 : I 'm ready for Speidi's 15 minutes of fame to end !
Advertisement
duckie_lips : Call Speidi on being super rude to Al Roker !
Advertisement
cand2 jays : Heidi and Spencer — what a waste of space
Advertisement
Wakamama : Just say NO to Heidi and Spencer !!!
Advertisement
jareeuman :
Is she going to cry ' cause she was in the jungle
JULY 6-- Eight young moviemakers are facing indecent exposure charges for allegedly filming simulated sex acts on a South Carolina beach for a spring break - themed production .
Myrtle Beach cops rounded up the group -- all of whom attend or have graduated from the North Carolina School of the Arts - - after witnesses reported seeing a woman " fellating or simulating fellatio " on a man late Wednesday evening .
None of the witnesses , however , reported seeing any nudity , according to a July 2 Myrtle Beach Police Department report .
One of those busted told TSG that the group was filming " Beach Week , " a comedy about six college students , and that " there was nothing illegal going on " during filming , which included no nudity .
The eight arrestees , seen in these mug shots , included actress Taylor Hancock , 21 , and actor / director Joseph Flanders , 21 .
Flanders , pictured to the right of Hancock , declined to answer TSG questions about the incident .
After spending about 12 hours in custody , crew members were each released on $ 1000 bond .
Along with seizing camera equipment and the " Beach Week " script , cops also confiscated a jacket embroidered with the word " Police . "
The garment , a crew member told TSG , was to have been worn by an actor portraying a cop .
The script called for the fictional policeman to issue a summons to Hancock and Flanders for their inappropriate display of affection .
( 3 pages )
Headquarters , Washington
202-358-1600
bob.jacobs@nasa.gov
Bob JacobsHeadquarters , Washington202-358-1600
RELEASE : 09 -164
Statement from Apollo 11 Astronaut Michael Collins
The following is a series of questions and answers prepared by Michael Collins , command module pilot for Apollo 11 .
Collins issued the following statement in lieu of media interviews :
These are questions I am most frequently asked , plus a few others I have added .
For more information , please consult my book , the 40th anniversary edition of CARRYING THE FIRE , published by Farrar , Straus & Giroux .
All of the following sections in quotation marks are from that reference .
Q. Circling the lonely moon by yourself , the loneliest person in the universe , were n't you lonely ?
A. No . " Far from feeling lonely or abandoned , I feel very much a part of what is taking place on the lunar surface .
I know that I would be a liar or a fool if I said that I have the best of the three Apollo 11 seats , but I can say with truth and equanimity that I am perfectly satisfied with the one I have .
This venture has been structured for three men , and I consider my third to be as necessary as either of the other two .
I do n't mean to deny a feeling of solitude .
It is there , reinforced by the fact that radio contact with the Earth abruptly cuts off at the instant I disappear behind the moon , I am alone now , truly alone , and absolutely isolated from any known life .
I am it .
If a count were taken , the score would be three billion plus two over on the other side of the moon , and one plus God knows what on this side .
" Q. Did you have the best seat on Apollo 11? A. No .
" The cancellation of 014 also freed Borman - Stafford - Collins for reassignment , and reassigned we were , but not as a unit .
Tom Stafford moved up a notch and acquired his own highly experienced crew , John Young and Gene Cernan ; they became McDivitt 's back - up .
Score one for Tom. Borman and Collins got promoted to prime crew of the third manned flight , picking up Bill Anders as our third member .
In the process , Collins also got ' promoted ' from lunar module pilot to command module pilot , and lost right then and there his first chance to walk on the surface of the moon .
The reason I had to move up was that Deke at that time had a firm rule that the command module pilot on all flights involving LM must have flown before in space , the idea being that he did n't want any rookie in the CM by himself .
Since Bill and Anders had not flown , I was it .
Slowly it sunk in .
No LM for me , no EVA , no fancy flying , no need to practice in helicopters anymore .
" Q. Were you happy with the seat you had ?
A. Yes , absolutely .
It was an honor .Q. Has the space program helped young people become interested in careers in math and science ?
Do n't you tell kids to opt for these choices ?
A. Yes and no .
We definitely have a national problem in that kids seem to be going for money rather than what they consider ' nerdy ' careers .
Other countries are outstripping us in the quality and quantity of math and science grads , and this can only hurt in the long run .
But a liberal arts education , particularly English , is a good entry point no matter what the later specialization .
I usually talk up English .
Q. Turning to your flight , what is your strongest memory of Apollo 11 ?
A.
Looking back at Earth from a great distance .
" I really believe that if the political leaders of the world could see their planet from a distance of 100,000 miles their outlook could be fundamentally changed .
That all - important border would be invisible , that noisy argument silenced .
The tiny globe would continue to turn , serenely ignoring its subdivisions , presenting a unified façade that would cry out for unified understanding , for homogeneous treatment .
The earth must become as it appears : blue and white , not capitalist or Communist ; blue and white , not rich or poor ; blue and white , not envious or envied .
" Small , shiny , serene , blue and white , FRAGILE.Q .
That was 40 years ago .
Would it look the same today ?
A. Yes , from the moon , but appearances can be deceiving .
It 's certainly not serene , but definitely fragile , and growing more so .
When we flew to the moon , our population was 3 billion ; today it has more than doubled and is headed for 8 billion , the experts say .
I do not think this growth is sustainable or healthy .
The loss of habitat , the trashing of oceans , the accumulation of waste products - this is no way to treat a planet .
Q.
You are starting to sound a little grumpy .
Are you grumpy ?
A. At age 78 , yes , in many ways .
Some things about current society irritate me , such as the adulation of celebrities and the inflation of heroism .
Q.
But are n't you both ?
A. Not me .
Neither .
Heroes abound , and should be revered as such , but do n't count astronauts among them .
We work very hard ; we did our jobs to near perfection , but that was what we had hired on to do .
In no way did we meet the criterion of the Congressional Medal of Honor : ' above and beyond the call of duty .
' Celebrities ?
What nonsense , what an empty concept for a person to be , as my friend the great historian Daniel Boorstin put it , " known for his well - known - ness . "
How many live - ins , how many trips to rehab , maybe - - wow - - you could even get arrested and then you would really be noticed .
Do n't get me started .
Q. So , if I wanted to sum you up , I should say " grumpy ?
" A . No , no , lucky !
Usually , you find yourself either too young or too old to do what you really want , but consider : Neil Armstrong was born in 1930 , Buzz Aldrin 1930 , and Mike Collins 1930 .
We came along at exactly the right time .
We survived hazardous careers and we were successful in them .
But in my own case at least , it was 10 percent shrewd planning and 90 percent blind luck .
Put LUCKY on my tombstone .
Q. Okay , but getting back to the space program .
What 's next ?
A. I hope Mars .
It was my favorite planet as a kid and still is .
As celestial bodies go , the moon is not a particularly interesting place , but Mars is .
It is the closest thing to a sister planet that we have found so far .
I worry that at NASA 's creeping pace , with the emphasis on returning to the moon , Mars may be receding into the distance .
That 's about all I have to say .
Q. I understand you have become a recluse .
A. I 'm not sure that 's the word .
I think of the Brown Recluse , the deadliest of spiders , and I have a suntan , so perhaps .
Anyway , it 's true I 've never enjoyed the spotlight , do n't know why , maybe it ties in with the celebrity thing .
Q. So , how do you spend your time ?
A. Running , biking , swimming , fishing , painting , cooking , reading , worrying about the stock market , searching for a really good bottle of cabernet under ten dollars .
Moderately busy .
Q. No TV?A .
A few nature programs , and the Washington Redskins , that 's about it .Q.
Do you feel you 've gotten enough recognition for your accomplishments ?
A. Lordy , yes , Oodles and oodles .
Q. Oodles ??
But do n't you have any keen insights ?
A.
Oh yeah , a whole bunch , but I 'm saving them for the 50th .
Collins 's official NASA astronaut biography is available online at :
http://www.jsc.nasa.gov/Bios/htmlbios/collins-m.html
Additional information about the 40th anniversary of Apollo can be found at :
http://www.nasa.gov/apollo40th
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
If you are looking for the best VR Porn websites – you found the right place .
We reviewed the top 25 VR Porn sites for you and show you what kind of VR Sex they offer , which fetishes they cover and what they charge you on a monthly / quarterly or yearly basis .
If you are looking for something special – we also have reviewed the best VR Porn Movie sites for :
The VR Porn Sites are compatible with : Oculus Rift / Oculus Go , PSVR ( Playstation VR ) , Samsung Gear VR , HTC Vive as well as all Smartphones with a Cardbox VR Headset .
Have fun watching the hottest and best VR Porn Stars fucking your brains out like in real life .
1. Sexlikereal
This website is an iTunes - style VR porn streaming site offering movies from all big VR porn studios .
Because of that you can watch 8000 VR porn movies with a resolution of up to 6 k there .
Sexlikereal therefore supports all major VR devices and a lot of different categories you can choose from .
They have added 242 scenes last month and are constantly growing .
You can either buy a certain movie or pick the all in one subscription .
That costs $ 29.99 for the monthly subscription or
$ 19.99 per month for the annual subscription .
If you want to get a 30 days access pass with a one time payment , it will cost $ 37.99 .
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
2. VirtualRealPorn
VirtualRealPorn is one of the oldest VR porn studios on the market .
They have more than 460 VR sex movies on the website in all categories .
Supported headsets are PSVR , Oculus Go , Oculus Quest , Oculus Rift , Vive , Windows MR , Gear VR , Smartphones and Daydream .
You can find movies with a resolution of up to 5 k at VirtualRealPorn .
They have a huge network of other VR sites , including virtualrealjapan.com , virtualrealgay.com , virtualrealtrans.com , virtualrealpassion.com , virtualrealamateurporn.com and vrlovethegame.com .
The recurring monthly download accounts cost 19.99 € per month ,
13.30 € for 3 months and
7.99 € if you subscribe for 1 year .
The recurring monthly streaming accounts cost 9.99 € per month ,
9.99 € for 3 months and
5.49 € if you subscribe for 1 year .
The cheapest option is the 2 days trial for 1.99 €.
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
3. VRBangers
VRBangers offers VR porn movies in all different categories like Babe , Anal , Brunette , Blonde , Big Tits , Cosplay , Curvy , Orgy , Redhead and many more .
There are 278 movies online at the moment with a resolution of up to 6 k .
VRBangers support Oculus , GearVR , HTC Vive , PSVR , Daydream and all Smartphones .
If you sign up you will get weekly exclusive updates .
1 month costs $ 0.83 per day ,
3 months cost $ 0.55 per day and
one year $ 0.27 per day .
If you want to pay for the bundle which includes VRB trans , you will have to pay a little bit more for every plan .
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
4. BadoinkVR
BadoinkVR offers a lot of high quality VR porn movies with a resolution up to 5 k .
They release 2 new VR videos every week and support all major VR Devices , for example Oculus , Vive , Gear VR , PSVR , Daydream and all Smartphones .
Currently customers can watch 340 + movies on their website from categories like Blonde , Curvy , Blowjob , Anal , Asian , Black , Cosplay , Redhead , Squirting , Facial , Outdoor , Stockings and many more .
BadoinkVR is part of a big VR network with sites like vrcosplayx.com , 18vr.com , babevr.com , vrbtrans.com and kinkvr.com .
If you want to get access , you can choose between : a 1 day trial for $ 1 ,
a monthly subscription for $ 24.95 or
a yearly subscription for $ 7.50 per month .
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
5. WankzVR
WankzVR was one of the first VR porn studios on the market and offers all different categories , for example Anal , College , Couples , Lesbian , Footjob , Massage , MILF or Blonde .
Currently they have 371 videos which can be watched with Oculus , Gear VR , PSVR , VIVE , Daydream , Valve Index or Smartphone .
WankzVR updates 2 new scenes each week .
They have two more sites in their network , MilfVR and TranzVR .
If you want to join you can choose between a 2 day trial for $ 1.99 ,
a monthly subscription for $ 19.95
or a yearly subscription for $ 6.66 per month .
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
6. CzechVR
CzechVR has 652 videos in their network , including CzechVR with 300 videos , CzechVR Fetish with 199 videos and CzechVRCasting with 153 videos .
It is constantly growing , they update weekly .
You will even get access to 6 more non VR porn sites .
They have a huge variety of different scenes which can be watched with a resolution of up to 5 k .
Most of their girls look very beautiful and natural .
CzechVR supports Smartphones , Gear VR , HTC Vive , PSVR and Oculus Rift .
If you want to get access you can choose between 1 month for $ 24.95 ( recurring ) ,
3 months for $ 49.95 ( recurring ) or
6 months for 84.95 ( one time charge ) .
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
7. VRConk
VRConk has videos in all different categories .
At the moment there are only 65 videos online but they update weekly , the number will grow in the coming months .
Their movies can be viewed with an amazing resolution of up to 6 k .
They support Cardboard , Gear VR , Oculus , Oculus GO , Vive , PSVR and Daydream .
If you want to join , there are 4 different memberships .
GOLD ( 7 days trial ) for $ 0.71 per day ,
PLATINUM ( 1 month ) for $ 0.50 per day ,
DIAMOND ( 2 months ) for $ 0.41 per day and
ULTRA ( 3 months ) for $ 0.33 per day .
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
8. KinkVR
KinkVR is part of the BadoinkVR Network which also includes sites like vrcosplayx.com , 18vr.com and babevr.com .
At this studio you will only find BDSM movies with a quality of up to 5k .
If you are into this fetish , you will not find a better VR site .
They have only 56 videos at the moment , but they are very exclusive and there are also weekly updates .
KinkVR supports Oculus , VIVE , Cardboard , Gear VR , PSVR , Daydream and Windows MR .
If you want to sign up for KinkVR you can decide between a 1 day trial for $ 1 ,
a monthly membership for $ 24.95 or
a yearly membership for $ 7.50 per month .
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
9. TeenMegaWorldVR
As you have already imagined , this studio is a VR site which offers porn with the focus on hot teens only .
At the moment they have over 200 VR sex movies on their site with a resolution of up to 5 k .
The number is constantly growing because they update weekly .
If you join , you will also get bonus access to 30 + other porn sites of their network .
Videos at TeenMegaWorldVR are compatible with all modern VR devices !
You can choose between the Special Monthly offer for $ 14.95 ,
12 Months access for $ 9.95 ,
2 days trial for $ 1 or
3 Months access for $ 19.99 .
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
10 . Realitylovers
Realitylovers was one of the first VR sex studios on the market and has a huge range of categories online , for example Anal , Asian , BDSM , Blowjob , Blonde , Fishnet , Facial , Fingering , Stockings , Tattoo , Teen , Threesome , Toys or Footjob .
Currently they offer 463 VR sex movies wich can be watched with Oculus Rift , Gear VR , Oculus Go , Google Cardboard , Daydream , HTC Vive or Playstation VR .
They update monthly !
If you want to sign up , you can pick three different memberships : 1 month for $ 29.99 ,
3 months for $ 19.99 or
12 months for $ 9.99 .
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
11 . Hologirls
Hologirls is one of the best known VR porn sites on the market .
They have been awarded with “ best vr scene ” and “ best virtual reality site ” by AVN in 2017 .
You can find a lot of hot girls there .
A very cool feature is the option to pick positions when you use the filter .
This is something other VR porn studios should also make possible to customers .
A lot of well known pornstars are in the movies , for example Abella Danger , Adriana Sephora , Alex Chance , Amber Ivy or Ana Foxxx .
If you want to join , you can select between : Monthly Membership for $ 17.99 per month
3 Month Membership for $ 11.99 per month
Yearly Membership for $ 7.99 per month
All Access Pass ( HoloGirlsVR , BurningAngelVR , LezVR ) for $ 12.99 per month
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
12 . VirtualPornDesire
This studio offers 38 VR sex videos featuring 21 porn models and the amount of new scenes is rising .
They are constantly improving the library and have very decent quality .
This is done via head tracking , 60 FPS and 180 degree with 3D stereo sound in their movies .
The site is very easy to navigate and you will have for sure a great immersive experience .
Don`t miss out and pick one of the three possible memberships .
The longer it is , the more you will save .
You can select between the following memberships : $ 14.99 for 1 month
$ 39.99 for 3 months
$ 89.99 for 12 months
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
13 . DDFnetwork
The DDF network consists of a variety of different porn sites .
They recently launched also a VR porn production to offer new VR sex scence to their customers .
They upload up to 10 VR porn movies to the page every month .
You will love the 4K HD quality , this will make it feel even more real .
DDF is one of the leading brands in the business and as you can imagine , they have hundreds of hot pornstars on the site .
Anie Darling , Lexi Dona , Kitana Lure , Lara Onyx and Nikky Dream are just a few of them .
If you want to sign up , there are these plans : 1 Month Membership – 1,50 € / day
3 Month Membership – 1,00 € / day
12 Month Membership – 0,42 € / day
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
14 . VirtualRealityBang
VirtualReality Bang will give you a VR porn experience you will never forget .
When you become a member you have full access to all VR porn scenes in high quality .
As we speak they are consistently growing the library with new movies .
Enjoy some of the hottest models in the industry in 3D and 360 degrees .
Of course the movies are all compatible with VR headsets like Samsung Gear , Sony VR , Oculus or HTC Vive .
You have to experience it yourself , just pick one of the three memberships and fuck these hot girls today .
Select one of these plans : Gold Membership – $ 4.99 for 10 days
Platinum Membership – $ 8.99 for 1 month
Diamond Membership – $ 19.99 for 3 months
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
15 . Vixen VR
Vixen VR is another great website for VR sex movies .
The models look extremely beautiful and there is a great selection of different scenes .
All of the movies are compatible with common headsets like Playstation VR , Oculus , HTC Vive and Google Cardboard .
They don`t have memberships like you know from other VR porn studios .
Instead you can buy credits , which is great when you don`t watch VR porn that often .
The credits will never expire !
Try it yourself , no need to cancel or recurring bills !
If you want to get access , you can choose between : $ 2.95 for 4 credits
$ 20 for 40 credits
$ 25 for 60 credits
$ 30 for 80 credits
$ 35 for 100 credits
$ 50 for 200 credits
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
16 . VR3000
VR3000 has a very good reputation in the VR market .
This is achieved by top quality , when it comes to creating the VR movies and selecting the pornstars .
Just take a look at the great amount of genres .
You will find a VR porn movie for almost every taste .
Experience hot models 1 - on - 1 , it will feel like you would actually have sex with them .
180 degree VR porn is the next level of porn , enjoy it now .
VR3000 updates the library weekly !
You have these options for a membership : 1 Day Trial for $ 1
3 months for 13,31/ mo
12 months for $ 6.66 / mo
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
17 . SexbabesVR
This provider offers tons of different VR porn categories .
Anal , Blonde , Big dick , Cosplay , Cowgirl , Creampie , Cum in mouth and Asian are just a few of them .
Meet some of the hottest pornstars at SexbabesVR , like Candice Demellza , Nikki Hill , Frida Sante , Marilyn Sugar or Lola Shine .
All of their movies are 100 % exclusive and come with a quality up to 5 k .
Pick one of the three memberships and enjoy an immersive experience .
If you want to sign up , you can choose between : 1 month for $ 24.95 / month
3 months for $ 19.98 / month
12 months for $ 8.33 / month
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
18 . Dorcel VR
Dorcel has been a big brand in the porn industry for quite some time and they also offer VR porn movies now .
When you take a look at the page , everything looks very exclusive .
There are not that many VR porn movies at the moment , but there are more to come .
Their pornstars could all be easily top models .
If you want to see them naked , just pick one of the three offers and start your immersive experience right now .
You have these options to watch or download movies : Initiation Offer – € 35 bought + € 5 offered
LuXure offer – € 50 bought + € 15 offered
Happy Hour – € 69 bought + € 69 offered
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
19 . RealVR
If a great variety of different VR porn movies is what you are looking for , then you will love RealVR .
They claim to have more variety than any other VR website on the market .
This is possible because they feature videos from almost all big VR sites .
Also they add four new movies every week .
Their videos are all compatible with common headsets like Samsung Gear VR , PSVR , Oculus , HTC Vive or Google Cardboard .
Do you want to join ?
Pick one of these memberships : Trial – $ 1 for 1 day ( mobile streaming + 1 download )
Monthly – $ 24.95 / mo ( unlimited streaming & downloads )
Yearly – $ 7.50 / mo ( unlimited streaming & downloads )
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
20 . GamelinkVR
At GamelinkVR customers have the option to view VR sex movies from many different studios .
For this reason the amount of available scenes is great .
Of course all VR headsets are compatible .
If you don`t like monthly memberships , you will love GamelinkVR .
There you have the option to buy a certain amount of minutes .
You can use these minutes on ANY device .
This is a cheap option for all of you who want to pick great scenes from different VR studios .
You can pay per minute to watch the movies , for example : 10 minutes for 2,84 €
120 minutes for 14,37 €
500 minutes for 47,99 €
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
21 . Czech VR Fetish
We already mentioned , that Czech VR is one of the best VR studios out there , but there is good news for all of you who have a certain fetish .
At Czech VR
Fetish you can watch more extrem VR porn like pissing , fisting or close up anals .
Of course the pornstars look hot as hell on this page too .
Make your dreams come true and pick one of the three available membership options and you will not regret it .
If you want to join , you have these options : 1 month for $ 24.95
3 months for $ 49.95
6 months for $ 84.95
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
22 . VirtualPee
Attention pee lovers , now there is a VR porn studio which makes your wildest dreams come true .
This page has been created by the producers of well known brands ( WetandPissy , ViPissy and Got2 Pee ) in this niche .
Watch very beautiful women pee on each other .
In VR this feels like you would be actually in the same room .
Don`t miss out and sign up today !
Movies on VirtualPee are compatible with Gear VR , Oculus , Playstation VR , Smartphone and VIVE .
If you want to get access to VirtualPee , you can choose between : 2 days trial for 2,95 €
Monthly for 14,95 € per month
Yearly for 8,33 € per month
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
23 . VRCosplayX
This is the only VR cosplay website in the world and they do an aweseome job !
At the moment there are already 170 + different porn videos online and they keep growing .
Did you ever wanted to fuck Lara Croft or Harley Quinn ?
Then you have to sign up right now !
Fuck all the hot girls from games or movies , that made you horny .
It no longer will stay a fantasy , with VR it almost feels real !
If you want to sign up for this studio , you can pick : Rookie – 1 day trial for $ 1 ( mobile streaming + 1 download )
Boss – monthly for $ 24.95 / mo ( unlimited streaming and downloads )
God – yearly for $ 7.50 / mo ( unlimited streaming and downloads )
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
24 . StockingsVR
If stockings make your dick hard , then this VR porn studio is the way to go .
This page is all about stockings , feets and legs .
Forget all other studios and sign up for a membership right now .
You will see women get fucked in stockings in every hole and position you can imagine .
They update new movies regularly , have many story themed movies and all girls are super hot !
You have these possibilities for a membership : 1 month membership $ 24.95 / mo
3 month membership $ 19.98 / mo
6 month membership $ 14.99 / mo
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
25 . BabeVR
At BabeVR you will see some of the hottest babes in VR porn .
Deep looks in your eyes and dirty talk will make it an awesome und immersive VR experience .
All videos are in great quality , up to 5 k , stereoscopic and in 3D .
This will give you the ultimate girlfriend experience .
Some of the hot girls are Abbie Maley , Evelin Stone , Avery Black , Mila Azul and Sirene Siren .
The website is very easy to navigate and has a great collection of different movies .
If you want to join you can choose between these options : Trial – $ 1 for 1 day ( mobile streaming + 1 download )
Monthly – $ 24.95 / mo ( unlimited streaming + downloads )
Yearly – $ 7.50 / mo ( unlimited streaming + downloads )
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
Watching porn in VR is probably one of the most exciting and intense experiences that virtual reality has to offer .
Even at this early stage , the market is so vast that it is difficult to separate the wheat from the chaff .
This article is part of our comprehensive VR Porn Guide where you will find all the essential information you need to know to ensure an optimal experience .
If you are still looking for suitable VR - glasses , we can also help you .
The most popular model is the PS VR ( Playstation VR ) headset – and some VR Porn sites are focussed just on that model , like PSVRPorn.com / .
So that you do n’t have to browse half the Internet in vain , we present the 4 most recommendable VR porn sites here .
Whether you own a PlayStation VR , Oculus Rift , HTC Vive or Gear VR or Google Daydream , here you will find the best options for sparkling VR eroticism .
The VR industry is still in its infancy , so many more VR porn sites can be expected in the near future .
So come back again at a later opportunity .
Pornhub VR : The Free Entry
Almost everyone should have heard of Pornhub .
For some time now , the Mecca of free pornography has also offered its own category for virtual reality , which already contains countless clips .
The extensive setting options on the page ensure that every imaginable fantasy should be covered here .
For example , you can search for professional or amateur videos , set the length and of course determine what kind of porn you want to watch .
However , the range of high - quality VR films on Pornhub is currently still very limited .
Most videos are either summaries of free promo clips or just a few minutes long .
Where you can also watch free VR pornography , we will tell you elsewhere .
WATCH ALL THEIR MOVIES HERE
Best VR porn is booming in 2020 and has problems at the same time
When it comes to new technologies , the porn industry is always at the forefront .
This is also true , of course , when it comes to virtual reality .
Even if there is more and more VR porn , the producers complain about problems .
The biggest problem is probably the porn on the VR headset .
If you want to watch a porn movie in VR , you have several free and affordable sources .
Pornhub , the largest porn site , reports that 500,000 VR videos are downloaded free of charge from its platform every day .
Other vr sex competitors reach similar numbers according to VRSexsites in an vr sex industry overview .
But there is also a boom in the sector of affordable subscriptions to VR porn .
So says Todd Glider , CEO of BadoinkVR that every two months the customers expand by 50 to 200 percent .
Most of them directly conclude a one - year membership .
What both the free and the affordable offers have in common , however , is that you can only watch VR porn on the well - known VR headsets via detours .
Mostly the VR pornos have to be downloaded first and then played with an extra software .
What is quite easy on the PC is even more complicated for owners of a PlayStation VR .
Not only do they have to download the movies first , they also have to be transferred to the PlayStation VR via USB stick .
Only then can you watch the movies .
If you take a look at BadoinkVR , for example , the download of a VR porno also takes time .
A 30 minute VR porn is between 2 GB and 7 GB in size and is available in various resolutions for various systems .
So there is a special version for Google Daydream , Samsung GearVR , PlayStation VR and Oculus Rift / HTC
Vive but also normal versions for the smartphone in low and high resolution .
The Oculus Rift / HTC version is the biggest .
“ Pornography was important for the development and diffusion of various technologies , but I do n’t think the manufacturers want to attract attention at this point .
The public is still opposed to pornography , ” says Neil Malamuth , a psychology professor at UCLA , who is concerned with the impact of pornography on society .
A solution to the problems would be if the manufacturers of the VR headset would open their systems and allow native apps for various VR porn platforms .
However , so far the big providers like Oculus , Steam and Sony are still resisting .
Another solution could be WebVR .
Here the users must surf only normally on the VR porno sides and with only one click the video would start directly in the VR Headset .
No annoying downloading or additional installation of software .
Find the best VR Porn on Evilslutopia.com
We check regularly about the latest developments in the VR Porn Industry .
New players are coming every month , new movies every day – Evilslutopia will keep you updated about the latest trends , studios and promos of the best VR Porn Studios available .
Which devices are supported to watch VR Porn ?
Samsung Gear VR
Sony Playstation VR / PSVR
Oculus Rift / Oculus Go
HTC Vive
Google Cardboard
VR pornography spoils the industry ’s desire to work
Pornography and virtual reality have so far been predominantly male domains .
Some companies want to change this .
With virtual reality porn , the erotic industry can finally sell an exclusive product again .
But for those involved , 360 porn is hard work .
As with any 360 - degree production , the biggest challenge with VR porn is to get the recording clean in the box .
According to the porn actress Joanna
Angel , the biggest challenge is that you ca n’t control a scene directly on the camera after shooting , but first have to combine the individual shots to a 360 image .
She puts the chance that a producer will throw the actors ’ fees out of the window due to a failed shot at 50 percent .
“ You record and keep your fingers crossed that there ’s not an arm or a leg missing somewhere in the end , ” Angel says .
What keywords do people use to find good VR Porn ?
Most of our users are searching for :
best vr porn sites
vr porn stream
best vr porn websites
best vr porn 2020
top vr porn
vr porn companies
vr porn streaming
best free vr porn sites
best sites for vr porn
best vr porn
best free vr porn
vr porn sites
oculus quest porn
samsung gear vr porn
Whats the best VR Porn company ?
Porn director Adam Block describes the post - production effort as “ long , annoying and expensive ” .
There ’s a big learning curve , says Block , as the technology continues to evolve .
The actors first have to be instructed at great expense , as most of them have no experience with VR porn .
VR Porn leads to VR Live Sex
This industry is just developing – but the numbers of new cam models showing their bodies in virtual reality is growing every day on the VR livecam sites which are popping up lately .
You can find a list of the best VR live cams on this website .
The porn industry also has a problem with the VR movement .
As for the producer , the 360 - shoot is also a challenging work situation for the actress .
According to Angel , the possible sex positions are severely limited by the positioning of the bulky 360 camera .
“ Most of the time , we only do the riding forwards and backwards , ” Angel says .
With a conventional shoot , on the other hand , you try to show as much movement and different positions as possible .
“ In a VR scene , the movements and positions are limited .
It feels like shooting in a small box , ” Angel says .
Tough job for male actors
The male actors are even more affected by this restriction of movement , since the camera is usually mounted on their shoulders or chest in order to capture the sex scene as authentically as possible from the first - person perspective .
“ The men can hardly see what is happening , ” says porn producer Daniel Dilallo .
They would have to lean back and keep their hands still .
According to Dilallo , it is therefore difficult for male actors to get through the shoot at all .
Dilallo suspects that the future of spatial pornography lies more in augmented reality .
Porn scenes could take place in one ’s own living room , as if the user were standing next to them while shooting .
Virtual reality porn is now available especially for women .
A 180 - degree perspective and right in the middle of it instead of just being there – that ’s the promise of virtual reality pornography , which has now reached the masses .
Many are even produced especially for women .
A reason to be happy ?
Well .
“ After the Orgy ” is the name of the film I choose after I have retired to my former nursery on a parental visit .
A threesome with two men .
After all , the whole thing is easy to use : load the little film onto your smartphone ( I go to realitylovers .
at ) and start it , put your smartphone in your VR glasses and then quickly put down your sweatpants .
In contrast to considerably more expensive versions , the mainstream version with Billo glasses ( for 20 Euros ) only allows you to watch , not interact .
Nevertheless
I should get the feeling that I landed with two men on a bed in the next room of a party .
I watch them from the woman ’s point of view , who they paw at after a few compliments ( “ So cute ! ” ) .
The body I ’m looking down on is mine ?
Hard to imagine .
It is a good 30 kilos lighter than my actual one and has a butterfly tattoo on its belly .
The best Virtual reality pornos feel so real
For many people , virtual reality is currently a technology of the future that they are asking themselves :
What do I need it for ?
For many people , this question will probably be answered at the latest when they consider this possible application : VR porn .
US journalists have now tested it .
When the market for home videos picked up speed in the 1970s , there were still two different formats for playing them : Betamax from Sony and the VHS cassette from JVC .
The fact that the latter was successful was not least due to the fact that the porn industry decided to publish their films on VHS .
In 2015 , a new technology will once again be in the starting blocks , but its benefits will not yet be available to many private users : Virtual reality or virtual reality glasses .
Here , too , the porn industry could ultimately help technology achieve a breakthrough .
Because yes : Virtual reality porn movies already exist .
The best vr porn movies can be found here .
Man or woman put on the VR glasses and experience the – let ’s call it – action from the first - person perspective .
Dans le cadre du deuxième Festival des Arts Libres ( où seront offerts concerts , projections , expositions , arts numériques , arts de rue , lectures publiques … ) , le collectif Libre Accès annonce l’organisation de trois tables rondes autour des libertés numériques , de l’Hadopi et de l’évolution des modes de diffusion de la culture sur Internet .
De nombreux acteurs de l ’Art Libre en France seront présents et apporteront leur point de vue , notamment l’association Musique Libre ( Dogmazic ) , les entreprises InlibroVeritas , Kassandre , Ralamax , ou Pragmazic .
Les trois tables rondes sont ouvertes au public à la Mairie du 2ème arrondissement ( métro Bourse ) , ce samedi 20 juin à partir de 14h00 .
Les débats seront également retransmis sur le site de la radio Oxyradio .
Le programme :
La guerre d’Hadopi ( 14h00 à 15h00 )
Animatrice : Alix Cazenave
Martine Billard , députée
Aurélie Filippetti , députée ( sous réserve )
Nicolas Dupont - Aignan , député
Jean - pierre Brard , député
Hadopi rétrospective – perspective ( 15h15 – 16h45 )
Animatrice : Alix Cazenave
Antoine Moreau , Copyleft Attitude
Alexandre Grauer , QWARTZ
Philippe Aigrain , Sopinspace
Laurent Chemla , informaticien
SACEM , sous réserve
Eric Aouanès , Musique Libre !
Hadopi , quel modèle éthique de financement pour l’Art Libre ?
( 17h00 à 18h00 )
Animateur : Jérémie Nestel
Mathieu Pasquini ( Inlibro Veritas )
Antoine Moreau ( Copyleft Aptitude )
Alexandre Grauer ( QWARTZ )
Eric Aouanès ( Musique Libre !)
Francis Muguet ( Mécénat global )
Like Chrysler before it , GM 's bankruptcy looks to hand union appointees a big stake in the company , leaving many asking , should n’t union workers rejoice , since they ’re running the shop now ?
They ’re not : the Chrysler agreement barred the union from exercising power .
Where union workers have taken big ownership of their company ’s stock , experience suggests it does n’t allow them much leeway in steering the company .
Take , for example , Ohio ’s Weirton Steel .
Organized in an independent union , in 1984 its 8,000 workers liquidated their strike fund and took 20 percent wage cuts , trading them for full ownership of company stock .
It was at the time the nation ’s largest employee stock ownership plan , or ESOP .
The plans promised workers a “ say ” in running the company in exchange for wage and benefit cuts , and were heralded by union leaders as a way to save U.S. manufacturing .
Weirton ’s ESOP put three union reps on the 13 - member board .
Of course , worker ownership is no safeguard against the twist and turns of the market .
Steel prices crashed , and Weirton ’s managers — who still retained full management rights — continued to give themselves healthy raises , profit sharing , and other plums .
Two - thirds of workers were laid off , the company entered bankruptcy in 2003 , and surviving “ worker - owners ” saw their stock evaporate , and along with it their health care and pensions .
Chris Mackin , who advises unions on employee stock ownership plans , argues that most of the nation ’s 11,000 ESOP plans have succeeded at preserving jobs that otherwise would have disappeared .
He says ESOP companies average 125 workers , and just 5 percent are unionized .
Mackin notes they work best in healthy companies with owners who seek to retire but have no clear successor , and says their track record in distressed unionized firms is not so hot .
Union control of company policy through stock ownership plans is weak .
A study from the New York Federal Reserve said less than 3 percent of plans give unions a majority stake .
In many plans , employees ’ shares do n’t carry voting power ( as at Chrysler ) .
The stock ownership plans affect union behavior , too .
According to the Federal Reserve study , stock ownership plans overall make the union “ a less demanding negotiator , ” and produce lower wage demands and fewer strikes .
MORE THAN A ‘SAY ’
Rather than settle for vague “ representation ” on the company ’s board , at least one ESOP focused on bolstering the union ’s role at the workplace .
At Algoma Steel in Sault Ste. Marie , Ontario , Steelworkers used their majority stake to bargain a co-management system in the early 1990s that gave power to shop floor committees .
Mark Molinaro , then a Steelworkers steering committee member at Algoma , said morale — and the quality of work — improved as work teams gained control of their schedules , seniority , and pay .
Hiring and budget decisions required union sign - off .
The change was n’t permanent .
Workers ’ majority share became minority when the plant needed hundreds of millions of dollars in modernization upgrades and issued new stock .
Molinaro and USW Local 2251 President Mike DaPrat said the union could n’t enforce “ co- governance , ” leaving workers vulnerable to managers who took advantage of self - interested union committeemen and a lack of a grievance system to resolve disputes .
“ It ’s almost impossible to have co-ownership without having the union co-opted at some level , ” DaPrat said .
“ It ’s a fool ’s game .
It ’s taken over six years to fight back . ”
Other unions see more promise in alternative ownership forms , and are trying a variety of methods .
Primary among them is the Newspaper Guild , an affiliate of the Communications Workers .
With major daily newspapers across the country running to bankruptcy courts and threatening to close their doors , the Guild has helped reporters at the failed San Juan Star in Puerto Rico set up a co-operative newspaper , and negotiated wage cuts for members in Maine in exchange for a 15 percent stake in the state ’s largest paper .
To make an ESOP work , “ these corporate owners have to eat a lot of their debt , ” said Guild President Bernie Lunzer .
“ We could create something on the other side with real worker involvement to help with the business model .
We ’re telling members , take your fate into your hands , because these management people do n’t know what they ’re doing . ”
Randy Furst , a Guild member and reporter at the bankrupt Minneapolis Star - Tribune , said the union should focus on standing firm with other unions against employers — and push for sustainable mechanisms to support newsgathering .
“ Most workers cannot afford to put their meager life savings into an operation , ” Furst said .
“ We should consider funding them in some nationalized form , something like the BBC in Great Britain . ”
The failures of ESOPs spawned by the 1980s recession suggest they ’re not the best model for unions , said Charley Richardson , a retired labor educator at University of Massachusetts at Lowell .
“ Is employee stock ownership a strategy for building the labor movement that ’s going to change the world ?
Not a chance , ” he said .
“ It might save jobs for a while in some cases , but it tends to make members narrowly focused on ‘ their ’ company and their company ’s stock .
It separates them from other workers in other companies .
And at the end of the day , stock ownership rarely carries the collective power that workers get from building a strong and independent union . ”
Fossil fuels comprise the largest commodity markets on the planet .
In a world facing an upcoming date when it will have used 50 % of its oil ( and natural gas ) , interest in energy futures will continue to increase .
And , as energy becomes more precious vis -à - vis dollars , the activity in the futures markets , particularly for crude oil and natural gas , will have increasing impacts on society .
Indeed , the amount of finite oil that can be financially controlled by a near infinite amount of money is enormous .
The following is a basic primer on energy futures and will be one of several foundational posts linked to a longer upcoming story , " Peak Oil , Investments , and Diversification " .
I will outline the basics of an oil futures contract , and discuss the risks and rewards of investing in energy futures .
The post will conclude with a discussion of the growing paradox between money and energy .
There have been numerous posts on The Oil Drum referencing crude oil futures markets ( Peak Oil Contango ? , Predicting Future Oil Prices ) .
If Peak Oil is factual ( which I completely believe it to be ) , then at some point the mainstream public will gravitate towards investments that benefit from long term higher oil prices .
Crude oil futures may not be the simplest but are the most direct way to invest in this theme ( if dollars are your goal )
INVESTING IN FUTURES
Before we get to the specifics of an oil futures contract , lets explain exactly what a generic futures contract is , and how one invests / speculates in one .
First , the difference between investment , speculation and gambling should be mentioned .
Investment is a long term allocation of funds to something with a ( perceived ) positive rate of return .
Speculation usually refers to a short term investment with a ( perceived ) positive rate of return .
Gambling is allocating capital to something with a zero-sum or negative expected return .
To spend capital on something that gets you a negative return implies there are other reasons for the decision ( primarily maladaptive ) which is a subject for another post .
Here is an excellent introduction to futures and forwards .
Essentially , when one buys a futures contract on an exchange , one is entering into a legally binding contract to control the financial upside ( and downside ) of a product at a certain price and time .
Futures markets are attractive to many because they offer often uncorrelated returns to conventional stocks and bonds and because the margin requirements are very low compared to traditional equity markets .
Many commodities require 5 % or less initial margin to enter into a futures position .
( Crude oil is currently 6.7 % margin ( $ 4,725 ) for contracts expiring in 2006 and 4.8 % margin ( $ 3,850 ) for contracts expiring 2007 - 2012 ) .
With 5 % margin a 10 % move ( in the right direction ) will result not in a 10 % return but in a 200 % return on money invested .
( Leveraged return =( 100 / Margin rate ) x Nominal return ) .
Of course , this leverage is a double edged sword as a move in the wrong direction results in sharp losses and a move below maintenance margin will result in a call from the broker representing the clearinghouse .
If subsequent margin is not posted on a losing position , the clearing member can legally liquidate the position without the investors permission .
The vast majority of players in the futures markets never take delivery of the product , but participate in the financial movement of the commodity until they close out their contract prior to expiration .
So , after one buys ( or sells ) a futures contract , it will eventually result in one of three outcomes :
the buyer will sell it at some point prior to expiration at a gain or a loss if a margin call occurs and the client does n't post required margin , the brokerage firm will liquidate the position , irrespective of profit or loss .
the contract will expire , and the buyer ( seller ) will take ( make ) delivery of the specified commodity .
CRUDE OIL FUTURES
( The grey box quotes are directly from the NYMEX website )
Crude oil is the world 's most actively traded commodity , and the NYMEX Division light , sweet crude oil futures contract is the world 's most liquid forum for crude oil trading , as well as the world 's largest - volume futures contract trading on a physical commodity .
Because of its excellent liquidity and price transparency , the contract is used as a principal international pricing benchmark .
The contract trades in units of 1,000 barrels , and the delivery point is Cushing , Oklahoma , which is also accessible to the international spot markets via pipelines .
The contract provides for delivery of several grades of domestic and internationally traded foreign crudes , and serves the diverse needs of the physical market .
Light , sweet crudes are preferred by refiners because of their low sulfur content and relatively high yields of high - value products such as gasoline , diesel fuel , heating oil , and jet fuel .
Specific domestic crudes with 0.42 % sulfur by weight or less , not less than 37° API gravity nor more than 42° API gravity .
The following domestic crude streams are deliverable : West Texas Intermediate , Low Sweet Mix , New Mexican Sweet , North Texas Sweet , Oklahoma Sweet , South Texas Sweet .
Specific foreign crudes of not less than 34° API nor more than 42° API .
The following foreign streams are deliverable : U.K. Brent and Forties , for which the seller shall receive a 30 cent per barrel discount below the final settlement price ; Norwegian Oseberg Blend is delivered at a 55¢ - per - barrel discount ; Nigerian Bonny Light , Qua Iboe , and Colombian Cusiana are delivered at 15 ¢ premiums .
The contract is listed for 72 months .
As of Wednesday there was open interest of 1,130,596 contracts on the entire oil futures strip from Oct 2006 thru Dec 2012 .
At 1,000 barrels per contract this represents 1.1 billion barrels of notional oil , only about 12 % of annual use for the US .
( I admit a lack in html graphics ability , especially compared to The Oil Drum master )
As of this writing , front month oil is $ 69.19 .
The strip prices peak in Dec 2007 at $ 74.44 gradually declining to $ 66.30 in 2012 .
INVESTING IN CRUDE OIL FUTURES
These are some of the more prominent reasons to invest in oil futures ( in a Peak Oil world ) :
Oil , unlike other futures choices , is actually embedded in ALL commodities .
It does n't take sugar to deliver cocoa or frozen orange juice to plant soybeans .
The pervasivness and non-substitutability ( easily ) of oil will eventually result in outsized price increases
The market does not recognize a ) net energy , b) the important differences between ( short term ) flow and ( long term ) reserves or c ) net exports .
As these concepts permeate the investing public , it will result in new higher price floors .
Oil price spikes will likely be negatively correlated , or at least uncorrelated with other asset classes , so provide beneficial diversification .
All renewable sources of energy ( wind , solar , biomass refining , etc ) require oil to transport their goods and employees .
Even if we seamlessly transition from a world of fossil fuels to one of renewables , we cant make windmills from wind or solar panels from sun .
Oil will continue to increase in value .
We still are firmly entrenched in a neo-classical system that believes in perfect substitutes so ' hoarding ' behavior is not yet being seen .
Hoarding could occur at local , regional and national levels and once the concept of finiteness of oil is more widely understood , the hoarding aspect will represent another permanent increase in demand .
These are some of the more prominent risks associated with oil futures ( in a Peak Oil world ) :
Since oil is priced at the marginal unit , demand destruction , even in the face of less future reserves , will result in price drops .
Large exogenous shocks to the system , like bird flu or some other natural ( or man - made ) disaster could cause oil prices to drop precipitously .
Since oil is only storable to a point by end - users , a situation like the one above would preclude end users ( that are aware of long term scarcity issues ) from `hoarding ' at the margin and prices could stay low until the economy recovered .
If oil prices go high enough , there is the risk of nationalization of the resources , rationing , windfall profits taxes on oil companies , all of which change the dynamics of the oil pricing market .
In a real collapse ( New Orleans on a national scale due to a shortfall in production below the level needed to make the system work ) , money in futures in a brokerage account might be meaningless .
LABOR AND ENERGY
Since it is Labor Day weekend , it might be instructive to remind ourselves how much `labor power ' fossil fuels in general and crude oil in specific provide for us .
Here are some quick facts about US oil consumption and production .
A closer look shows the US currently uses about 7.6 billion barrels per year .
Given our current population of 300,000,000 , this equates to over 25 barrels per person per year .
Each barrel of oil has 5,800,000 BTUs .
An average man working for 1 hour generates between 240 - 500 BTUS ( this range assumes computer operators blended with construction workers ) .
So one barrel of oil provides the latent energy of up to 25,000 hours of human labor , or 12.5 years working 40 hour weeks .
Using this estimate ( and this is unadjusted for energy ' quality ' , e.g. it would be hard to get enough persons to push a semi- truck full of steel from Chicago to Denver . )
So annually each American has at its disposal 300 + high quality oil slaves ( and that 's just the oil - if we include the natural gas and coal we 're up to 57 boe which is 700+ energy slaves ) .
We are receiving a massive labor subsidy due to fossil fuels .
One barrel of oil costs $ 70 and generates the energy of 12.5 years of human work .
The average American wage is about $ 20 per hour so a business can pay someone for 3.5 hours of work for the same amount of money .
In effect , we are printing money to buy the good stuff from countries that have n't yet expended their `energy armies ' .
( How long the world will continue to accept an abstraction for something finite and powerful is an open question , but something here seems awry .
I humbly opine that this paradox between energy , labor and value will necessitate that neoclassical economics be replaced by a better model . )
ENERGY AND POPULATION
I believe there are 3 different definitions of Peak Oil and they will come in succession .
The point when we have used half of the oil that will ever be extracted .
The point when we reach maximum sustained production ( given that we use high technology like horizontal drilling and water and nitrogen injection , we are likely borrowing from the second half of what was normally a bell shaped curve so this point will come later ) .
The point when the meme of finite energy resources takes hold in society .
For sake of this discussion , lets use the first definition , and assume we are roughly at Peak Oil now .
We have used 1 trillion + barrels and have 1 trillion + left .
But as discussed previously ( exhaustively ? ) , those 1 trillion barrels require a decent amount of energy to locate , harvest , refine , and distribute and this amount of `energy cost ' subtracted from the gross is increasing .
Lets assume that the 1 trillion barrels nets out to 650 billion barrels to non-energy society .
( Yes I chose this number specifically ) .
Given our current world population , that equates to 100 barrels of net oil remaining for every person on the planet , ( and leaves none for our children , grandchildren or subsequent generations ) .
Any Tom , Dick or Rainwater for $ 4,000 can financially control 1000 barrels of oil in the futures markets , or 10 times his or her all time planetary allotment .
Once Peak Oil version # 3 is realized , there will be many investors clamoring to financially ( or physically ) control their 100 barrels , let alone 10,000 or 1,000,000 barrels .
Can the futures markets absorb this ?
Will this make the Hunt Brothers cornering of the silver market seem like childsplay ?
The world uses 85 million barrels per day - and for a mere $ 340 million in margin , this entire amount can be controlled via the futures markets .
Consider this in contrast to the $ 7 +
Trillion invested or saved annually , and the nearly $ 100 trillion in stock and bond market assets .
Will the market send the right signals ?
What smart angles will hedge funds take on this ?
CONCLUDING THOUGHTS
Global society runs on a just - in - time inventory system .
It cares about the current flow of products and assumes that shortages will trigger price increases which will in turn spur development of substitute products .
Paradoxically , an awareness of future oil scarcity coupled with higher current flows would result in lower prices .
Imagine if OPEC issued a press release that admitted their proven reserves were overstated but simultaneously announced that they had developed a new siphoning technology that would immediately bring 120 million barrels per day online .
Would futures go up or down ??
They would plummet as there would be more supply at the margin than people could use or store .
Similarly , if OPEC announced a new trillion barrel oil find , but simultaneously initiated a reduction of the current flow rate to 50 million bpd , oil prices would spike even in the face of long term abundance .
What if Exxon announced they believed oil was going to $ 200 + per barrel and therefore had adopted a policy to shut down production and lay off workers so as to keep the oil in the ground until 2020 when it will be worth more ?
Their market capitalization would be decimated , as investors care about current quarterly and yearly earnings , which would now be near zero .
The market cares about the marginal barrel and immediate results .
And that fact , in the opinion of this writer , is the achilles heel of modern society .
Oil and natural gas are products that are largely non-discretionary in our world economy .
They are unlike any other product in history in the % of human society that revolves around them .
Long lead times are needed to create alternatives and restructure society around more local energy sources and smaller energy footprints .
The high futures prices caused by production shortages or excessive financial ingress into commodities will slow economic activity , which will then reduce demand for oil and prices will plummet and overshoot on the downside .
Then , when the economy next recovers , we will be further along the curve of depletion and prices will make new highs .
This cycle of volatility will hamstring policymakers ( and investors ) as we will get mixed signals every 12 - 18 months until we are well past Peak when we will have permanently high oil prices .
The invisible hand moves from mouth to feed trough and back again , like a machine .
Without market regulation , the hand will gorge its corpulent body , unaware that the upstream feedtrough appears to be narrowing .
True to its origins , it will only react when its hungry , and as the Hirsch / Bezdek report pointed out , society needs 10 - 20 years to effectively prepare for a change in diet .
In conclusion , many are saying that the era of cheap energy is over but in the ways that count it is still here .
At some point in the future , when net tradable global production is too small to quench societies thirst , $ 70 oil and $ 3 gasoline will be viewed as incredibly cheap .
hen I was 17 years old I was working at a local internet service provider as a perl programmer .
The pay was $ 8.00 an hour , which was n't bad for a small town .
Minimum wage in my town was on par with wages paid for rowing a viking slave ship , and I was grateful to have a job that did n't involve hamburgers or livestock .
I was in high school , however , so I had to work nights .
Working nights meant a lot of alone time with my boss .
If my boss had been a beautiful female secretary with a penchant for geeky coders , this would have been ideal .
Unfortunately he was not anything of the sort , my boss was a man in his late forties who hated his wife so he'd often work long hours to avoid her .
He wore tinted , prescription hunting glasses and had a mustache which sat atop his upper lip like a greasy falcon awaiting the commands of its master .
My boss shared the same name as a celebrity .
Anytime someone would meet him there'd be the inevitable " Wait , your name is [...] - just like the celebrity ? ! " conversation , whereby he would have to begrudgingly admit that yes , he had the same name as this other famous person .
Because I 'm afraid that someday he 'll read this ( or his wife will ) , I 'm not going to call him by his real name .
To protect his identity , I 'll instead refer to him as Rod Stewart .
So late one night I 'm working and Rod Stewart is sitting behind me , typing away .
The office was situated so that I faced a wall , and Rod Stewart sat against the opposing wall but facing me ( so his back was to it ) .
We worked in a windowless basement with all the servers , switches , and other networking equipment .
He 'd surrounded him with 8 computer monitors which formed a semicircle around his desk .
I always figured he wore those tinted hunting glasses to shield the blinding light coming from those monitors .
Normally Rod just did his thing and I did mine ; we would talk every now and then , but there was very little overlap in our work .
On this particular evening , however , Rod was unusually talkative .
He walked over to my desk carrying the motherboard of a computer and asked me to read the small numbers printed on the side of the microprocessor , claiming that his far - sighted vision made it tough for him to read the tiny print .
I read them and he went back to his desk .
Soon after he fired off a question about programming , and when I turned around I noticed he had an old computer case sitting in his lap , which he appeared to be tinkering with .
I answered his question and then resumed working .
A few minutes later he asked another question , which I answered .
These questions kept coming , always with a few minutes in between .
It seemed that he was trying to make it obvious to me that he was working , because when you work you naturally always have a computer case in your lap and you ask your coworkers lots of questions .
I did n't really figure out what was going on until I heard the sound of pennies .
Imagine the sound of a sack of pennies being shaken up and down , sort of like a " shick shick shick . "
Internet culture has declared the correct onomatopoeia I was hearing to be " fap fap fap , " but I still think it sounds more like a shick than a fap .
Soon after Rod Stewart asked me to list all the data types in the perl programming language , I began to take note of this penny - shick sound .
It was fairly regular , but occasionally the rhythm would bump up a notch and the shicking would get pretty intense .
It did n't take long for me to figure out that the wife - hating Rod Stewart was whacking off at work - his 8 monitors no doubt flooded with depraved pornography from the darkest corners of the internet .
Over the years I 've forced myself to believe that he was definitely looking at porn , because the thought of him looking at ME while masturbating would be enough nightmare material to span several lifetimes .
So why the computer in his lap ?
This was all part of his brilliant plan to make it appear as if he was very busy .
I tried " accidentally " dropping one of my large perl books onto the floor , hoping that the loud slap of the cover on linoleum would shock Rod Stewart into ceasing , but unfortunately it only momentarily deterred the pennies from shaking .
At this point , I had a choice : I could turn around in a flash , point my finger and taunt the man whose lustful gaze was fixated on 800x600 pixels of god - knows - what , or I could keep working and pretending that life was a beautiful journey and there was no such thing as greasy mustached men who jerk off at work .
If I turned around and called him on it , I might lose my job .
If I sat there and kept working , I 'd have to hear those pennies shake until Rod Stewart shot millions of sticky little Rod-Stewartlets into an empty computer case .
Was that worth $ 8.00 an hour ?
Apparently it was , because I took the sissy route and got the fuck out of there .
Making sure every movement was slow and obvious , I grabbed my backpack and made my way to the exit , maintaining constant eye contact with the floor .
I mumbled something to Rod Stewart about having to leave early that night , to which he over - enthusiastically replied " Great Matt !
Thanks for all the hard work today ! "
Rod may have won this time around , but I keep telling myself that one day he 'll try that again and something will go horribly wrong .
He 'll be forced to go home and explain to his miserable wife how he got his penis caught in a CD - ROM drive .
Who'll have the last laugh then , Mr. Stewart ?
I will , you son of a bitch .
I will .
European biodiesel company Solarix has created what may be a sustainable powerhouse for rural areas : the Sustainer , a “ power box ” in a 20 - foot container frame that converts oil - bearing crops and seeds into edible oil and biodiesel .
The portable , modular device is outfitted with four wind turbines and multiple folded solar panels–so the system can operate in areas where grid power is n’t available .
Excess electricity is stored in a battery for later use .
The Sustainer also contains an integrated bunker for seed storage .
The bunker feeds into an oil press , which extracts oil and refines it either into raw material for biodiesel or edible oil .
All byproducts from the Sustainer ’s press cake can be used as livestock feed , making the system nearly waste - free .
At full capacity , Solarix ’s Sustainer can produce 600 liters of biodiesel each day along with enough livestock feed for 25 cows .
No word from Solarix on potential costs for the newly - announced product , but the company believes that the Sustainer will appeal to rural farmers and agricultural cooperatives that grow oil - bearing crops like jatropha , castor , rapeseed , sunflower , and palm .
Solarix predicts that the Sustainer could be particularly popular in the African interior , where there is a large demand for diesel and oil - bearing crops .
Survivalists may even find the Sustainer useful , since it contains a bunker for crops and provides electrical power .
Whether the Sustainer becomes popular , of course , depends on its affordability .
[ Solarix via Checkbiotech ]
Related Stories :
Biodiesel an Energetic Business in Britain
Fueling The Future
Is it safe ?
Babe Levy is a Ph.D. candidate who becomes caught in the middle of a dangerous international plot involving Nazis , stolen jewels , and government agents .
Ted Kramer 's wife leaves him , allowing for a lost bond to be rediscovered between Ted and his son , Billy .
But a heated custody battle ensues over the divorced couple 's son , deepening the wounds left by the separation .
Four unfortunate men from different parts of the globe agree to risk their lives transporting gallons of nitroglycerin across dangerous Latin American jungle .
Bored waitress Bonnie Parker falls in love with an ex-con named Clyde Barrow and together they start a violent crime spree through the country , stealing cars and robbing banks .
A fearless Secret Service agent will stop at nothing to bring down the counterfeiter who killed his partner .
A paranoid , secretive surveillance expert has a crisis of conscience when he suspects that the couple he is spying on will be murdered .
William Friedkin's gritty police drama portrays two tough New York City cops trying to intercept a huge heroin shipment coming from France .
An interesting contrast is established between ' Popeye ' Doyle , a short - tempered alcoholic bigot who is nevertheless a hard - working and dedicated police officer , and his nemesis Alain Charnier , a suave and urbane gentleman who is nevertheless a criminal and one of the largest drug suppliers of pure heroin to North America .
During the surveillance and eventual bust , Friedkin provides one of the most gripping and memorable car chase sequences ever filmed .
Written by Tad Dibbern < DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu >
Did You Know ?
Trivia According to According to William Friedkin Gene Hackman had a hard time saying Doyle 's racist language without cringing .
Friedkin admitted that the blatant racism was directly inspired by the real Doyle , retired officer Eddie Egan , but he also called Egan " a great cop , and a lot of this was an act .
A lot of what Egan did was bravado in order to seize control and make sure that all of these suspects , most of them dealers and often users of heavy drugs , would do what he told them to do . "
See more
Goofs
It is never explained exactly why Sal drives the Lincoln Continental packed with millions of dollars worth of heroin from the garage and parked it on the street where it could be vandalized , as it almost was .
It is never explained exactly why Sal drives the Lincoln Continental packed with millions of dollars worth of heroin from the garage and parked it on the street where it could be vandalized , as it almost was .
See more
Crazy Credits
The 20th - Century Fox logo fades in in black and white and then dissolves to color .
The 20th - Century Fox logo fades in in black and white and then dissolves to color .
See more
Alternate Versions A " special edition " of The French Connection features several scenes that never made the final cut of the movie .
One of these scenes has actor See more » A " special edition " of The French Connection features several scenes that never made the final cut of the movie .
One of these scenes has actor Marcel Bozzuffi being whipped by a topless hooker in his New York City hotel room .
The trivia here is that the hooker is played by actress Darby Lloyd Rains who , several years later , would become one of the earliest stars of the adult film industry in such releases as Naked Came the Stranger
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
The protests in Iran that have come in the wake of the country ’s June 13 election results , which returned President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to power , have showcased the rise of social media like Twitter , Facebook and even cell phone video taken in the streets and uploaded onto YouTube .
Arbor Networks , a company that provides security and deep packet inspection equipment to ISPs , has taken a look at the implications of the conflict — not at the social media level , but at the packet level — and found that Iran ’s web censorship is different from those of other regimes .
Whiles some governments block certain web sites with a heavy hand or cut off web access entirely , Iran has taken a far more subtle approach .
The state - owned Data Communication Company of Iran ( or DCI ) , which acts as the gateway for all Internet traffic entering or leaving the country , has slowed web access down to a crawl .
The assumption is that DCI dialed back the bandwidth in order to better inspect which content and packets needed to be censored .
Instead of viewing the packets through a fire hose , they turned the pipe into a garden hose so that equipment can sift through the packets and let legitimate traffic through .
In a blog post today , Arbor Chief Scientist Craig Labovitch writes :
I can only speculate .
But DCI ’s Internet changes suggest piecemeal migration of traffic flows .
Typically off the shelf / inexpensive Internet proxy and filtering appliances can support 1 Gbps or lower .
If DCI needed to support higher throughput ( say , all Iranian Internet traffic ) , then redirecting subsets of traffic as the filtering infrastructure comes online would make sense .
Indeed , web traffic was stopped following the election , then reopened , but at much lower levels .
But this may prove to be a partial victory for web censorship , and an opportunity for some unscrupulous equipment vendor who wants to interest the Iranian government in better deep packet inspection equipment .
So , after we left you on Friday night , back at the campground I realized I had forgotten to bring along my contact lens case , No problem , because teaspoons will substitute nicely , in an Emergency .
Unfortunately , Dad had cereal for breakfast , and ate my left lens .
He ’s such a fun , alert guy to hang out with !
There ’s a persistent perception that open source software is being ignored in the enterprise , that IT management fears it and it ends up being more costly to deploy than proprietary solutions .
That ’s certainly the perception that some major software vendors would like you to have .
But it ’s Jeffrey Hammond ’s job to dispel those perceptions , at least when they are n’t accurate .
As an analyst for Forrester Research , Hammond covers the world of software development as well as Web 2.0 and rich internet applications , so he sees how open source is being used on a daily basis .
He ’ll be speaking at OSCON , the O’Reilly Open Source Convention , talking about the true cost of using open source , and he gave us a sample of what ’s going on in the enterprise at the moment .
James Turner :
To begin , can you just talk about the areas you cover for Forrester ?
Jeffrey Hammond : Sure .
I ’m in the Application Development and Program Management Group at Forrester , which means I write for folks like developers , architects and development managers .
And open source is a little bit of an interesting topic for me because it kind of crosses roles .
But what we tend to find is that a lot of time it ’s developers and maybe development managers that are pulling open source into the enterprise .
And that , I think , is why I have it as a research area .
But in addition to open source , I also cover Web 2.0 .
I cover rich internet application development .
I cover software change and configuration management and application life cycle management , software modeling , mobile development , IDEs and programming languages .
So a pretty wide - variety of development related stuff .
James Turner :
There ’s obviously a lot of apocrypha and maybe even some downright misinformation about how open source is being used in the enterprise .
Can you illuminate things a bit ?
Jeffrey Hammond : Sure .
You know , it crosses a wide - variety of spectrums .
But anyone who tells you that it ’s not being used strategically for mission critical applications is n’t talking to the right people , because I see it used that way as well as on individual projects at the departmental level .
I ’ll give you one example : I have talked with a large organization that ’s using multiple open source products and projects and frameworks as the core of it ’s reservation systems , and they ’re pushing 30,000 transactions a second through what ’s essentially an open source infrastructure .
So I defy anybody to say that that ’s not mission critical .
And it certainly contributes revenue to their business .
I ’ve also talked to organizations that are almost completely open source in their development environment .
So all of the software code that they write is being built with open source tools .
I think all you have to do is look at the latest data from the Eclipse Community Survey , which they published about three weeks ago , and it ’s pretty hard to make the argument that open source adoption is not pervasive and accelerating in the market .
James Turner :
What are some of the real success stories you ’ve seen with open source in commercial settings ?
Jeffrey Hammond :
Well , I just mentioned the one about the travel and transport provider , but I ’ve seen open source used as the basis for in - store sales systems that are PCI compliant .
So that would counter another fallacy that you often hear ; you ca n’t build secure software with open source .
And I defy you to find an example of a system which would need a higher level of governance and qualification than something that ’s handling credit card data .
And , yet , we see organizations successfully deploying software with things like OpenSolaris and networking stacks that are based on open source software .
I ’ve also seen it used in financial services organizations and by a major airline in Europe , which is using open source at the core of their operating system strategy .
And they ’re running their SAP installations on top of an open source operating system framework and saving a million dollars simply by doing that .
So the uses are many and varied , but generally , the goal is to save money .
That ’s where organizations tend to start .
And then what tends to happen is the more that they become comfortable with using open source , and the more that they apply it successfully , the more they start to realize that there are benefits other than cost savings that they can take advantage of .
And that ’s when you start to see them turn from open source opportunists into open source advocates .
It ’s interesting to watch that transformation happen over a year or a two - year period at a large company .
They start looking for opportunities to replace commercial products , things at the app server level , things at the business intelligence level , things in the web content management space .
And all of these are opportunities where there are real , credible , open source projects that are used by large organizations successfully .
James Turner : Just to be balanced , what are some of the perils that companies need to watch out for when they start to adopt open source ?
Jeffrey Hammond : I ’ll tell you :
The number one peril that I run into is an overinflated set of expectations .
And it usually goes something along the lines of , “ Well , we ’re going to dramatically reduce our software costs . ”
And there are some scenarios where that can happen .
But in reality , what open source does , especially at the start , is it tends to shift your software costs .
So , yes , you ’re reducing the capital expenses and expenditures that you are paying for software bits and bytes .
But , in most cases , firms that are starting with open source are still buying support contracts from organizations .
If you ’re using Spring , you ’re buying support from SpringSource .
Or if you ’re using MySQL , you ’re buying support from Sun , or a third party .
So support costs do n’t necessarily go away .
And those costs can parallel what you ’d pay for commercial software .
The other thing that we tend to see is that sometimes your labor costs go up because , like it or not , using open source tends to mean that you ’re implementing a best of breed technology architecture strategy .
And that means that somebody ’s got to integrate all of the piece - parts .
The good news is at least you can integrate the piece parts .
And you ’ve always got the source if there ’s no out - of - the - box integration .
But the bad part is that you ’ve got to have skilled architects .
You have to have skilled developers .
And , in general , the more skilled the individual practitioners are , the higher their labor costs are .
So we generally do tend to see a little bit of an increase in the overall labor cost component of the total cost model with an organization that adopts open source .
So if you ’ve got a lot of processors , and you ’ve got a lot of per processor software licensing costs , and you ’re ripping those things out , well , the savings in capital costs can make up for the increases in labor costs .
But if you ’re not a large organization , if you do n’t necessarily have a lot of software licensing fees and you do n’t have a lot of the existing resources that have talent and skill , it may be a net wash , or even a minus , for your organization .
And I think that that ’s one of the reasons that we see a little bit of an adoption gap when we look at midsized firms and how many of them are using open source versus firms that are very large and firms that are very small .
And it gets back to , I think , Mårten Mickos ‘ saying that open source is for people that have more time than money .
Very small corporations do n’t have the money at all , so by default , they have more time .
And very large organizations have the resources and the people , i.e. the time needed , to invest in open source .
And they have the opportunity to realize significant savings from the application of it .
And that ’s why I think we see a U - shaped adoption curve when it comes to open source in the enterprise .
James Turner :
There ’s a perception that open source developers and projects can be dismissive or even downright hostile toward the corporate world .
Do you think this is a fair perception ?
Jeffrey Hammond :
There ’s a certain amount of that going on .
But you know what ?
To some extent , I do n’t think the enterprise IT world cares .
I mean , they see potentially valuable projects , potentially valuable frameworks .
And one of the beauties of the open source licenses is you ca n’t discriminate by use .
So a large bank has every right to use that application framework as a non-profit organization .
And so regardless of whether the attitude ’s there or not , it certainly does n’t color the interest or decrease the amount of interest that enterprise organizations have in open source in any way .
James Turner :
What are the real sweet spots right now for open source in corporate settings ?
And where do you think the open source world still needs to improve their coverage ?
Jeffrey Hammond :
We tend to see adoption from the inside of the IT organization out .
So you would expect things like operating systems and the application servers , or HTTP servers , would be very popular .
Development tools in particular are an extremely attractive space for open source these days .
If you look at the most popular IDEs out there , you ’d have to say that Eclipse is certainly there in the Java market .
It ’s really highly used , and there are other open source Java IDEs and alternatives to that .
Again , if you believe the Eclipse Community Survey data , you ’ve got three out of four organizations saying that they ’re using an open source SCM tool .
I think one of the reasons that we ’ve seen such aggressive adoption of development tools is because developers are most comfortable with open source .
And the potential liability issues with distributing code outside your own firewall are a little bit lower .
So that ’s one of the reasons that we ’ve seen aggressive adoption in the enterprise there .
But we are slowly starting to see interest move up the stack .
So I ’ll tell you we ’re seeing increased interest in open source content management systems and enterprise content management systems .
Things like Drupal and now Alfresco .
We have an analyst in our organization , Stephen Powers , who ’s just been writing in that area .
And we ’re seeing increased interest in open source BI .
There ’s really a number of very good solutions out there , you know , Jaspersoft , Pentaho , Spago BI , and Actuate , all build core solutions around open source components that are very interesting to organizations .
Traditionally , they have to really think about how they deploy BI because it ’s expensive , and it ca n’t really be widely deployed to lots and lots of users without spending hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars .
And the idea of an open source BI model is something that excites a lot of organizations and has got them thinking about what that might do to the way that they deploy business intelligence in their organization .
So gradually moving up the stack , but still strongest at the core of the IT organization .
James Turner :
This is breaking news today , so I ’ll understand if you do n’t feel like you can comment on it at this point .
But I ’ve seen reports that the London Stock Exchange which was , I believe , one of Microsoft ’s Get the Truth poster children , is pulling back from their Windows deployment .
Does that say anything to you ?
Jeffrey Hammond :
Well , it ’s difficult for me to comment on the reasons or what ’s going on there .
But we ’re going to see these sorts of switches back and forth .
And you could argue that running open source on Microsoft platforms is also a very interesting way to go .
I wrote recently about what Microsoft ’s done with their Web PI products that take PHP and make it and PHP - based applications very simple to install on the Windows platform .
And so there are both good and bad from Microsoft ’s perspective in terms of open source .
The one thing I ’d add here is that , to some extent , as we start to see systems migrate into the cloud , what operating system to some extent becomes a little bit less important than the overall cost of maintaining the stack and deploying the stack in that hosted environment .
So it ’s possible that you could see Windows versus Linux being much less of an issue in the overall open source software debate .
Certainly a lot of the organizations that I talk to happily continue to run Windows as their core operating system platform but still use other kinds of open source products like Eclipse , like Apache and Tomcat , like Spago or Jaspersoft .
And really look at it as a mixed environment , not a pure open source or pure commercial type of situation .
James Turner :
You ’re going to be presenting at OSCON on a panel called , Beyond the Hype : The True Cost of Open Source .
Is there anything else at the conference that ’s caught your interest , or that you ’re particularly looking forward to ?
Jeffrey Hammond : Honestly , I have n’t had a lot of time to scope out some of the sessions that I want to attend .
And that ’s just reflective of the way that Forrester works with the end of the quarter and everything that ’s been coming together .
But , in general , wherever possible I ’m looking to gauge the level of pragmatism in the community versus religious fervor , because certainly in the enterprise space we see pragmatism ruling the day .
And to some extent , I think it ’s important to see who at the conference is understanding of that attitude and is adapting and reacting accordingly .
And who is maybe dismissive of the interests of enterprise IT .
And I ’ll give you an example of that ; one of the things that most tends to concern enterprises is the security of open source software .
And if you look at any of the defects in the bug reports when you look at the NIST reports and that sort of thing , I think there ’s no justification to say that open source is less secure than commercial source .
But it ’s a perception that is held in the enterprise –that ’s just the way it is .
So the community can do one of two things .
They can either understand that perception is there and deal with it and put data up that disproves it .
Or they can say , ‘ Well , the enterprise does n’t know what it ’s talking about .
Are n’t they stupid ?
And they do n’t know what ’s going on . ”
And I think that that dismissive approach is counterproductive from a business standpoint .
So I ’ll be looking for sessions and seminars and attitudes that show that there ’s an understanding of the myth and the realty of open source , that , if properly dealt with , can really help the folks that believe in it as a fundamental business model be more effective in working with enterprise organizations .
James Turner : Well , Jeffrey Hammond from Forrester , it ’s been a real pleasure to talk to you .
We look forward to seeing you at OSCON .
And hope to see you there .
Jeffrey Hammond :
Thanks a lot .
Ca n’t wait .
A Canadian company has introduced a new service that lets singles delegate their online dating to a representative who manages their profile and exchanges messages under their name .
Done For You Dating combines the extensive selection of singles on the Internet with the convenience of a personal matchmaker .
Unlike traditional matchmaking services , which match clients within an internal database , Done For You Dating scouts millions of single women and men on the Internet for their clients ' perfect partner .
" Online dating is like searching for buried treasure , " says Luke Chao , founder of Done For You Dating .
" The treasure is there , but it takes an incredible amount of digging before you find it .
And most busy professionals do n't have that much time or emotional energy to spare . "
Dating representatives at the company are selected to be socially savvy , skilled writers who are knowledgeable about popular culture .
They receive specific training in online dating and personal branding .
" We promote the client 's best qualities , " says Sue Bedford , a representative at Done For You Dating .
" It 's already a borderline immoral service , so we go the extra mile to represent clients fairly , accurately and factually . "
Company founder Luke Chao is the managing director of The Morpheus Clinic for Hypnosis , where he first started helping men overcome problems interacting with women .
He is the ghostwriter of several books , including Sydnee Steele 's Seducing Your Woman , published by BurmanBooks .
New York prosecutors have charged a woman with setting alight her six - year - old daughter in a voodoo rite that left the child with life - threatening burns .
Lawyers say Marie Lauradin , 29 , sent her daughter to bed after the ritual with serious burns on 25 % of her body .
The girl was taken to hospital the next day , where doctors put her into a drug - induced coma .
She has since been placed in foster care .
Ms Lauradin denies charges of assault and endangering the welfare of a child .
Defence lawyer Jeff Cohen said the girl was Ms Lauradin 's only child and she would not have hurt her .
Prosecutors say she poured rum over the child during a Haitian voodoo practice known as Loa .
" The child 's mother is alleged to have intentionally poured an accelerant over her young daughter 's body , causing her to be engulfed in flames , " said Queens District Attorney Richard Brown .
If convicted , Ms Lauradin faces up to 25 years in jail .
The girl 's grandmother is also alleged to have taken part in the ritual and faces a separate trial .
BAGHDAD — When Iraqis were drafting their Constitution in 2005 , the parties could not agree on who would control Kirkuk , the prized oil capital of the north .
They could n’t even agree on who lived in Kirkuk , which is claimed by the region ’s Kurds , but also by its Turkmen minority and Sunni Arabs .
For that matter , they could n’t even agree on where Kirkuk was  in Tamim , Erbil , or Sulaimaniya Province .
So the Iraqis punted , inserting Article 140 , a clause that called for a national census , followed by a referendum on the status of Kirkuk , all to be held by the end of 2007 .
What followed were a succession of delays , against a backdrop of sectarian violence and warnings that Kirkuk could blow apart the Shiite - Kurdish alliance that has governed Iraq since the Americans invaded .
Massoud Barzani , president of the Kurdish regional government , warned two years ago that if “ Article 140 is not implemented , then there will be a real civil war . ”
He ’s still waiting .
But so is the threat of civil war , which lurked quietly in the polling places this weekend as residents of Iraq ’s Kurdish - dominated areas voted for their regional president and Parliament .
Until the status of Kirkuk is clear , nobody really knows how much power those regional officials can wield within the national government , or even whether the Kurds will want to remain part of Iraq .
Humper - Monkey Jan 21 , 2006
" I 'll be there in a minute , I 've got to cripple Mr. Clean ! "
I come from a long line of military service .
We 're talking Revolutionary War back there .
I was raised in the code of " Honor .
Duty .
Courage .
Love. Mercy . Compassion . " and that military service was a way of paying your debt to society for freedoms , free schooling , and all the other wonderful benifits that living in America gives you .
My old man was awesome beyond words .
His father was frightening , yet awesome .
I was raised to honor the laws , the office if not the man , obey the laws , and knowing when to fight against injustice .
He believed in his military oath , even the " Foriegn and Domestic " part of it .
When he joined the Army he was a 4th grade graduate , when he retired he had his Masters .
He stressed to us that men and women were different , yet equal .
He adopted children .
Not the easy ones , the discipline cases , the ones that people pretend do n't exist .
The poor fuckers that did n't have a chance .
Not one of them failed to graduate high school , most went into the military and I still talk to them today .
He only lost one adopted kid , who was hit and killed by a drunk driver in the parking lot of G.I .
Joe 's while walking home from his part time job .
He left his mark on me .
Sure , I 'm a psychotic , but I do have a great capacity for love and compassion because of him .
I 've always tried to lead by example , even as a civilian I believe that holding myself to a higher standard than society does is what a man does .
Coming home busted up beyond nearly recognition was not dishonorable .
I had lived , and that was enough .
I had nothing to be ashamed of , but it did not make me better than those who never served .
" To protect those that will not or can not defend themselves " does not give you the right to judge them for their choices .
My father had thousands of sayings .
He left his impressions on all of us .
So , now you know me .
A couple of years ago , my first wife gets ahold of me .
It turns out that she had given birth to a son , and wanted me to take a paternity test .
I refused , and eventually was compelled by court order to give up a sample of DNA .
He turned out to be my son , and the State of Florida attempted to bill me for all her years of welfare fraud .
She also demanded back child support .
We went to court , and the judge threw it out , seeing as she had been married to someone else the entire time .
She got pissed , and in the parking lot , told me that I needed to act like a man , and take the kid .
So here 's this kid that I 've never even loving met , that I did n't even know existed before she contacted me after almost 15 years .
Things had changed so much , she did n't even recognise me , and she wants to hand me a 13 year old ?
Aw gently caress .
So I tell her that I 'll be back in 2 days to pick him up , have his poo poo ready .
I 'm not playing games with her , and the local cops are coming to witness it , along with her signing over ALL legal rights to the kid .
I fly back to Olympia , and borrow my brother 's pickup , leaving the family car with him .
I show up , my wife with me , and here 's this kid .
Aw gently caress , there 's no denying that 's my kid , we did n't even NEED the DNA test .
One look at the two of us , and everyone would realize that 's my kid .
Despite the fact he 's skinnier than I was at that age , he looks like me at 13 .
" So your the guy whose my real dad ? " he asks .
Oh God , he 's a whiner .
" Yeah , turns out I am .
I 'm Monkey .
That 's Monkey - Wife .
You have 3 sisters , here 's a picture .
Let me help you load the stuff into the truck . "
" I 'm tired from bringing it out here .
My mom did n't help me , and my step - rear end in a top hat would n't let me take all my stuff .
Ca n't you do it ? "
Well , I kind of want to get off on the right foot , and going all Drill Sergeant on his rear end was n't exactly what I wanted to do .
So the wife and I load all his poo poo into the truck .
" Can I say goodbye to my girlfriend ? "
I tell him sure , just give me directions .
He does , and she comes bounding out of a trailer home with a blue tarp on the top .
She 's obviously pregnant , and looks , well , like Britney Spears had been beat in the face with an ugly stick and her tits had fallen into her gut .
In other words , dressed in tramp style and just plain acne covered shack nasty ugly .
" I want to stay overnight here . " he says .
" No .
We have 1500 miles to go , your sisters are with your uncle and aunt , and I promised him I 'd pick them up .
Get in the truck . "
" No . "
" Boooy . "
I could hear my father 's ghost laughing .
Ever heard the Tall - Man from Phatasm say " Booooy ! "
That 's how the males in my family sound when they say it .
" I 'm staying with her .
I love her . "
" Get in the truck , now . "
" You 're just trying to keep us apart !
We 're like Romeo and Juliet !
We 're like ( some loving people I found out were from some goddamn anime ) and you 're like ( the villian , I guess ) , and you can't make me ! "
" Get in the goddamn truck , or I 'll put you in it . "
He does some poo poo with his hands and exhales like Darth Vader cumming all over Princess Liea 's rear end and tells me : " Do n't make me kick your rear end , old man ! "
gently caress this .
I 'll handle it the way my old man would handle idiots .
I grab him by his collar , bounce him off the side of the truck , grab one leg , and throw him in the back .
He looks up , and I smack him .
" I 'm the alpha male .
Stay in the truck or you 'll learn what happens to pups who make challenges . "
He recoils and I fire up the truck and leave pregnant and ugly behind .
We stop at a gas station , and I tell him : " Pump the gas , I 'm gonna grab some coffee . "
" No . "
: : " Why not ? "
My temper 's cooled , and my meds are working .
" I do n't know how . "
" What ?
Why not ? "
" Mommy did n't want me to .
She said it was dangerous . "
WTF ?
Mommy ?
So I show him how to pump gas , get my coffee and a donut , pay for the gas , and see him walking across the gas station / truck stop parking lot .
I set my coffee and donut on the hood and jog toward him , and he breaks into a run , looking like a spastic chimp .
I catch up to him pretty easy .
Do n't be fooled by the limp , I was still running 2 - 5 miles a day .
I grab him by the collar and swing him around .
" Do n't. Run . "
" You can't keep me from her !
We 're destined to be together !
I'm Alexander the Great , she 's Cleopatra ! "
" Get in the goddamn truck .
Now . "
" You can't tell me what to do , I 'm Alexander the Great and she 's Cleopatra , we 're destined ! ! "
He swings , badly telegraphed and totally uncordinated .
I duck underneath , pop back up , and grab his ear and twist .
" He was queer .
She was ugly .
Now get in the truck .
I 'll buy you a loving dress in Seattle . "
So he 's ranting and raving about how he can't be kept from her , I 'm dragging him to the truck by his ear , and wondering if I 'm gonna have to put this kid in therapy .
Given the choice between having his ear torn off or getting in the truck , he gets in .
I 'm losing my patience .
We hit the freeway , and keep going till I have to get gas again .
I stand by the side of the truck and stare at him , my wife pumps the gas .
When we get to a rest stop , I start opening his boxes , and he freaks out .
" What are you doing ?
That 's mine ! "
" I 'm tossing your poo poo .
Get used to it . "
I find porn with names like " Daddy 's Girls " and " Family Love " , that goes in the garbage .
I find a bag of marijuana and some other poo poo , I just toss it in the garbage .
" That 's my stuff , you can't do that . "
" Shut the gently caress up .
You can't be trusted , you tried to bring drugs into my house .
The porn is sick incest poo poo , and it ain't going to my house . "
We get back in the truck , my wife drives , I sleep .
I 'm woken up by a loud cry of pain and sit up .
Mr. Wonderful is laying on the ground crying , my wife has her fists balled up and is literally shaking .
She 's got a palm mark on her face .
" What the hell ? " I ask , getting out of the truck .
" SHE HURT ME ! " he squalls out .
" He slapped her ! " this black dude says .
We 're at another rest stop .
" He tried to walk away , she grabbed him , and he slapped her .
He raised his hand again and she pulled some karate poo poo and bounced him ! "
He and his friends are all laughing .
Oh. gently caress .
See , she may look sweet , but she spent 12 years in the military , got out on a medical after she fractured several vertebra in an ambulance humvee crash .
She was a vet of Haiti , Desert Storm , Panama , and was decorated for bravery .
She took part in the Red Team Gym combatives team .
" That 's pretty much what happened . " my wife tells me .
" Get in the truck , now . " I tell him .
Why punish him ?
He tried his hand against the Alpha female and got hosed up .
He climbs in crying he 's going to call CPS on us .
By this time , I 'm ready to loving turn him into CPS .
What the gently caress kind of kid did my ex-wife raise ?
So we get back in the truck , and she 's pissed .
He loving slaps her , and tells her : " That 's what you get for touching me ! "
So when he raised his hand again , she did the standard US Army Judo throw and bounced him off the pavement .
We bypass Seattle and stop at Fort Lewis to pick up my kids .
My brother comes out all smiles and my kids run up and surround me .
Everyone wants to see " The Boy . "
He 's huddled down in the truck , and when he gets out , he snubs my brother by saying : " Army guys are wimps !
Saiyans are the real badasses ! "
I 'm like " What the gently caress is a say - anne ? "
" He 's an anime geek . "
My brother tells me , and shakes his head .
" Good luck , Monkey . "
We hug , and he goes back in the house .
We make " The Boy " ride in the truck still , since he wanted to snub his sisters by ignoring them .
The wife loads the girls into the car and he asks : " Ca n't I ride in the cab ? "
" Get in . "
We get in , and he sprawls out in the seat and pulls out a Gameboy .
" Hey , buckle up . "
" Seat belts are for mortals . "
" Seat belts are going to be wrapped around your loving neck . "
I warn him .
He sighs , rolls his eyes , and buckles up .
We ride for the next 6 hours in silence , just his Gameboy beeping , until we get to the house .
His sisters are already in bed , my wife beat me there by about an hour , and I had to chase him through the woods once at a rest stop .
Took me longer to drag him out by his collar than to catch him .
He had all the running wind of an asthmatic parapelgic .
Without a wheel - chair .
Deaf people in other states could hear him panting .
For those of you who ever run from a one - eyed psychotic in the woods , here 's a hint :
Do n't run 200 feet , think you 're safe , and light up a joint .
He 's gonna catch you .
I march in , grab the phone , and call my ex .
" What 's the real reason you shipped him off to me ? " I ask .
So , it all comes out .
He threatened his step dad .
Started slapping her when he did n't get his way .
Beat up his little sisters .
Was smoking pot in the house .
Was failing in school .
He would n't do his chores , but stole money from his parents .
I remember thinking : Great , this is just going to get worse .
I was right .
[ more later , and trust me , it gets better ]
Scientists pinpoint the 'edge of space '
Where does space begin ?
Scientists at the University of Calgary have created a new instrument that is able to track the transition between the relatively gentle winds of Earth 's atmosphere and the more violent flows of charged particles in space – flows that can reach speeds well over 1000 km / hr .
And they have accomplished this in unprecedented detail .
Data received from the U of C - designed instrument sent to space on a NASA launch from Alaska about two years ago was able to help pinpoint the so - called edge of space : the boundary between the Earth 's atmosphere and outer space .
With that data , U of C scientists confirmed that space begins 118 km above Earth and the results were published this week in the Journal of Geophysical Research .
The instrument – called the Supra - Thermal Ion Imager – was carried by the JOULE - II rocket on Jan. 19 , 2007 .
It travelled to an altitude of about 200 kilometers above sea level and collected data for the five minutes it was moving through the " edge of space . "
The Canadian Space Agency invested $ 422,000 in the development of the Supra - Thermal Ion Imager instrument on JOULE - II .
The ability to gather data in that area is significant because it's very difficult to make measurements in this region , which is too high for balloons and too low for satellites .
" It 's only the second time that direct measurements of charged particle flows have been made in this region , and the first time all the ingredients – such as the upper atmospheric winds – have been included , " says David Knudsen , associate professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Calgary .
Knudsen and his former PhD student Laureline Sangalli are the lead authors of the paper .
Co-authors include : JOULE - II lead scientist Miguel Larsen of Clemson University , Robert Pfaff and Douglas Rowland of NASA Goddard Space Flight Center and T. Zhan of Conseco Inc .
" When you drag a heavy object over a surface , the interface becomes hot .
In JOULE - II we were able to measure directly two regions being dragged past each other , one being the ionosphere -- being driven by flows in space -- and the other the earth 's atmosphere , " says Knudsen , who also is the head of the Space Physics Division of the Institute for Space Imaging Sciences ( ISIS ) .
The institute is a research partnership between the University of Calgary and University of Lethbridge .
The measurements confirmed what other scientists consider the boundary or edge of space .
" The results have given us a closer look at space , which is a benefit to pure research in space science , " Knudsen says .
" But it also allows us to calculate energy flows into the Earth 's atmosphere that ultimately may be able to help us understand the interaction between space and our environment .
That could mean a greater understanding of the link between sunspots and the warming and cooling of the Earth 's climate as well as how space weather impacts satellites , communications , navigation , and power systems . "
The U of C - designed instrument has been adopted by COM DEV , an Ontario - based global designer and manufacturer of space hardware , and is being used as a prototype for three instruments currently being readied to fly on the European Space Agency 's " Swarm " satellite mission , set to launch late next year and to collect data for four years .
The JOULE - II instrument is one in a long list of more than a dozen instruments designed by U of C scientists in the past forty years which have flown in space .
There are at least five more being readied to go on missions in the next two years .
" Understanding the boundary between the Earth 's atmosphere and outer space is fundamental to the bigger picture of the effects of space on the Earth 's climate and environment , " says Russ Taylor , the director of ISIS and head of the Department of Physics and Astronomy at the U of C .
" This detection is part of a long history of success by ISIS researchers in designing and building innovative instruments flown on rockets and satellites to image the flow of matter and energy between the Earth and Space . "
Office dress codes are loosening , but where do the boundaries lie ?
Rebecca Knowles - Dixon , 24 , is at the edge of what constitutes acceptable work wear .
Could she work in your office ?
Suit and tie , heels and nice skirt .
Dressing for work was much simpler when the rules of office attire were so much stricter .
Today in many offices , ties - if worn at all - are knotted loosely over an unbuttoned collar , jackets - if worn at all - may be denim , and women can wear flip - flops .
Posh flip - flops , but footwear once reserved for holidays none the less .
FIND OUT MORE On BBC Radio 5 Live 's Victoria Derbyshire show at 1000 BST on 25 June
But how far along the spectrum between smart and casual can you go , without being dismissed out of hand by a prospective employer ?
Here , Emma BedfordPatel , of recruitment agency Tate , assesses how Rebecca Knowles - Dixon might fare if she pitched up to a job interview .
You can see what the public make of Rebecca , and whether she 's prepared to smarten up , in this video .
MAKE -UP
Becky 's look is natural - achieved not with myriad cosmetics in subtle shades of brown , but by wearing no make - up .
At all .
" She 's really pretty , and you can carry it off when you 've got a lovely , pretty face , " says Emma BedfordPatel .
While not strictly necessary , she says putting on a bit of lippy can help with first impressions , " it looks like you 've made more effort " .
Return to top HAIR
Part buzzcut , part dreadlocks , such a look can be challenging for an interviewer to see past , says Emma BedfordPatel .
So what can Becky do with her ' do , without sacrificing a hairstyle she loves ?
" Tidy it up .
Take it back into a ponytail , smooth it out .
There 's not much you could really do with it , because it 's shaved on one side .
" Again it 's about showing the effort that you 've made to create the right impression , and that you 're aware of the corporate environment . "
Return to top CLOTHES
For a job interview , Becky should wear a suit , even if she never wears one once in the job , says Emma BedfordPatel .
" Leggings and a baggy cardigan I just do n't feel is a very corporate image .
It 's all about looking smart .
We always advise interviewees to wear more corporate colours , such as black , grey , navy .
" If you wear a skirt , wear hosiery .
And the skirt should n't be short - you do n't want to give the wrong impression .
It should be knee - length ideally , if not below . "
For men , the dress code is similar - a suit in a smart , dark colour .
" A crisp , white shirt looks better than a black shirt .
And definitely wear a tie - plain , paisley or stripes , not one with cartoon characters .
It makes it look like you almost think it 's all a joke . "
Return to top PIERCINGS
With so few jobs and so many candidates , Emma BedfordPatel suggests multiple piercings might count against a candidate in a job interview .
" It can cause an impression that you are n't taking the interview seriously , that you have n't researched the company to see how they like to portray themselves , and that you 're not matching yourself to them .
" You need to look more business .
While I think it 's fine to leave one or two in her ears , take out the nose ring and the earrings that go all the way up , simply for the interview . "
Return to top TATTOO
Keep tattoos covered , unless it cannot practicably be concealed , being on your face or hand .
" I always suggest you wear a suit jacket to a job interview so that would conceal it anyway , " says Emma BedfordPatel .
" Covering the tattoo creates the right impression , shows that you 've made the effort . "
Return to top JEWELLERY
" I would advise against wearing ornate jewellery .
Simple is best , " says Emma BedfordPatel .
The same goes for scent or after - shave - keep it subtle .
" It 's not good to go in with an overpowering perfume - you do n't want the other person feeling that they can't breathe , or they 're feeling slightly sick .
They 're not going to take in any of your answers . "
Return to top Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Return to top Below is a selection of your comments .
I have dreadlocks , a septum piercing , several piercings in each ear ( including stretched lobes ) and a tattoo on each wrist .
Over the last few years whilst at University I have held several jobs over summer and Xmas periods where I have worked for Stirling Council three times in different positions , I held a position at the University doing admin work , and I 'm now training to be a manager for a high street store .
I have never received any negative complaints about my appearance and have never been turned away from a job because of how I look .
At the end of the day if you 're smartly dressed , polite and can do the job asked , your personal choices for bodily decoration should not be a factor .
Jo Clifford , Stirling , Scotland I 've been lucky in the job I 've recently gained .
While I did indeed dress smart to the interview ; a pair of smart black trousers , comfortable but smart black leather shoes and a smart looking black sweater , I still had my hair in braids .
However , now I have the job , there is practically no dress - code in the office .
Jeans , t- shirts , hoodies , trainers , flipflops , shorts in the summer , it 's pretty much anything goes .
The day of the office workers being suited and booted is gradually fading , especially in offices where little to no visual public contact happens .
True , some professions such as teaching , working within law firms and suchlike , where it is expected that you appear smart , wo n't change , but I believe what is considered " smart " will have some flexibility to it eventually .
Dot , Cork , Co Cork , Ireland
In all kinds of customer services , the way a potential supplier looks is important because it is often the first information that the customer gets of what to expect .
Once the customer knows the worker , this can change but the first contact may deter business .
Even the first words , the accent and the degree of politeness , could add or detract from the first impression within seconds .
However , a person with a deliberately different look from the norm for their sector , e.g. a heart surgeon with piercings , an accountant with a Mohican , gives the impression that they are different and , perhaps have radically different views on their professional work as well as their dress .
There is no reason why this should be true of course , it is just an almost inevitable reaction by the customer .
In an arts or media organisation , particularly one closer to street art rather than , say , grand opera , Becky could easily make potential customers feel that they had found a kindred spirit and an organisation that might understand them .
But just as grey suits work for accountants , piercings probably work better in other sectors of the economy .
While it might appear harsh , a line will be drawn in every business .
Would any business let its male staff wear skin - tight cycling shorts in the office ?
Or female staff wear that famous Liz Hurley sideless dress to an important client meeting ?
Clearly , where physical disabilities are concerned , there is a very important need to avoid discrimination .
But where people choose to present themselves in a way that is different from the norm in their line of work , they must expect some reservations from employers .
Peter West , London
As the head of the creative design department of a firm that does web development , web marketing and the likes , I 'd feel a bit uncomfortable hiring someone in a neat white shirt ( like Emma Bedford ) .
What might be considered a disadvantage in most firms , might be an advantage in others .
This of course does not mean anyone would get a free pass .
As a creative you 'd still need a strong portfolio and show the right attitude , no matter how you dress .
Johan Wuyckens , Brussels , Belgium
Even though office dress codes are loosening , it is still important to dress responsibly .
A guy to my job recently for interview with ear rings on .
Soon after he checked in at the visitors centre , he removed the earrings .
My former manager braid his hair on weekends only .
We should not abuse the loosening office dress codes because it could back fire during down sizing .
Let us apply common sense in all that we do .
Omorodion Osula , Boston , USA I fail to understand why my looks are important to the job I do .
For a non-customer facing job it is utterly irrelevant ; for a customer facing job the justification given that " people do n't respect people who dress like that " is circular .
Respect is learnt , and if people never see a mohawk'd person in business , how are they going to get used to it ?
BedfordPatel 's idea that ' it shows you 've made an effort ' is , in my experience , a total fallacy .
For me , starting as punk , I can alter my appearance until I feel like I 'm living a lie , and people still think I look funny .
Compare that to my pretty - pretty girly friends , who can go to interviews as they are , pausing only momentarily to reapply lipgloss .
This level of discrimination would be unthinkable if mine or Becky 's style derived from religious conviction or cultural tradition .
But somehow , in the eyes of the law , we are seen as having " chosen " this and therefore deserving all we get - namely , unemployment , abuse and casual violence .
Scary Boots , Grenoble , France
This woman would have NO trouble finding a job or fitting in here in Austin , Texas .
She is fairly tame compared to many folks living here .
We are known for our laid - back nature and have a history of great tolerance .
I am served coffee and given medical attention by people who look much more " unprofessional " than this young lady .
I can go to the nicest cafe ' in Austin in cut off shorts and a tee with flip flops and be totally comfortable .
Amy Delk , Austin , TX , USA
Boy I do n't know about how it is ' across the pond ' but with the exception of a very few jobs here ( like tattoo shop , CD shop ) , there is no way I 'd hire this woman if the job was one where she interfaced with the public .
Again , it would depend on the job , but I 've avoided places where the customer service rep that I dealt with looked like this young woman .
It 's too bad because she does look like she could be very pretty , but not the way that she is presenting herself here .
And yes , I know , this is just my opinion and others have different opinions .
Mike , Houston , Texas Funny how none of the comments are about how good she'd be at her job .
Perhaps we should stop choosing our employees , bankers , politicians and idols based on their looks .
Ilina , Winchester , UK I work for a very well - known fashion company and I am heavily tattooed .
My tattoos are visible at all times and it is not a problem .
If anything , my colleagues always interested in seeing my new pieces .
Times have changed and just because you have a tattoo it does n't mean you are a sailor , criminal or junkie .
Ben , London I am covered in tattoos and piercings and always dress smartly for interviews , not once have I taken out my piercings as I feel that not having them in an interview but having them at the job would almost be like false advertising , but I appreciate that business attire shows I have a professional attitude .
Rebecca knows what reasonable interview attire is for applying for an office job , everyone does .
Its whether she chooses to adhere to it .
Diane Morris - Baker , Manchester , UK Many companies are quite conservative and would never allow this type of dress .
Our company has a dress code ; fair but firm .
This woman needs to make a good , first impression and not look like a member of a street gang .
Gene Ellis , Belleville IL USA
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) -- Nicaragua 's total ban on abortion is a " cruel , inhuman disgrace " that 's led to the rise in maternal deaths , human rights organization Amnesty International has said .
Nicaraguan women hold up signs shaped like the female form during a 2008 protest against the anti-abortion law .
The Central American country 's revised penal code on abortion came into force in July 2008 and criminalizes all forms of abortion regardless of the circumstances , even in cases of rape or incest , a deformed fetus , or when the mother 's life is in danger .
Amnesty 's researchers visited the country on a fact - finding mission to assess the impact on the lives of women in Nicaragua .
The findings are detailed in the report issued Monday , titled : " The total abortion ban in Nicaragua : Women 's lives and health endangered , medical professionals criminalized . "
Amnesty International describes the total ban on therapeutic abortion -- carried out to protect the health of the mother -- as " cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment . "
" Nicaragua 's ban on therapeutic abortion is a disgrace , " Amnesty International 's Executive Deputy Secretary General Kate Gilmore said at a media briefing in Mexico City to launch the report .
" It is a human rights scandal that ridicules medical science and distorts the law into a weapon against the provision of essential medical care to pregnant girls and women , " she added .
Vital Signs Each month CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta brings viewers health stories from around the world .
See more from the show »
Gilmore was the head of a group of Amnesty activists who visited Nicaragua , to gather the personal accounts of doctors and women .
Nicaragua hands out prison sentences for girls and women who seek an abortion and for doctors and nurses who provide services linked with abortion .
Amnesty reports that doctors and nurses are frightened to treat a pregnant woman or girl for illnesses such as cancer , malaria , HIV / AIDS or cardiac emergencies where treatment could cause injury or death to the fetus .
One health worker told Amnesty researchers that one woman who was admitted to hospital following a miscarriage was so terrified of being prosecuted for abortion that she asked doctors not to treat her in case any treatment was seen as an intentional termination of pregnancy .
" She told the health worker that she was concerned that her neighbor , who knew she was pregnant , might report her for having an abortion , " the report said .
" There 's only one way to describe what we have seen in Nicaragua : sheer horror .
Children are being compelled to bear children .
Pregnant women are being denied essential - including life - saving - medical care , " said Gilmore .
According to official figures cited in the Amnesty report , in the first five months of 2009 , 33 girls and women died from pregnancy and birth - related complications , compared to 20 in the same period last year .
Before the law was changed therapeutic abortion had been recognized as a necessary procedure in Nicaragua for more than 100 years , Amnesty said .
However , President Daniel Ortega of the left - wing Sandinista National Liberation Front ( FSLN ) backed the law banning abortion to win crucial conservative Roman Catholic support in the January 2007 elections , Amnesty said .
No one from the country 's health ministry was available for comment .
Three years ago when the ban was first signed into law , the BBC reported that a statement on presidency 's
Web site said the new legislation would help protect the right to life enshrined in the Nicaraguan constitution .
The statement said abortion " allowed the daily execution of innocent children in their mother 's womb , in open violation of the Constitution which protected the unborn child " , the BBC reported .
Nicaragua is among only a few countries in the world where abortion is illegal regardless of any circumstances .
Others in Latin America include Chile , El Salvador and the Dominican Republic .
Malta and the Philippines also have a total ban on abortion .
" The revision of the penal code is a retrogressive measure under international law and places Nicaragua at odds with proven public health policy , " says the Amnesty report .
In rape cases reported to the police in Nicaragua , half of the female victims are under 18 and 16 percent become pregnant .
Between 1999 and 2005 , an average of around 7,000 women and girls were admitted annually to hospitals in Nicaragua for health complications that ended in abortion or miscarriage , says the report .
Alan Jermey strangled Kirsty Wilson , then set fire to her A kung - fu expert who strangled his partner over her plans to leave him for another man has been jailed for life .
Alan Jermey , who was found guilty of murdering Mercedes executive Kirsty Wilson on Friday , was told he would serve a minimum of 16 years .
The Old Bailey trial had heard how he set fire to her body at their home in Woking , Surrey , in August last year .
The court also heard that Ms Wilson had an affair with Simon Goddard , her boss , at a dealership in Hampshire .
Mr Goddard had already left his wife and two children for Ms Wilson before her death .
You have done a wicked act , murdering the mother of your own young children
Judge Martyn Zeidman to Alan Jermey Jurors were told how Jermey had not been prepared to lose his partner of nine years , their two daughters , or their four - bedroom house , after she told him their relationship was over .
The car salesman , who worked for a firm near Heathrow , throttled her , leaving few external injuries , they heard .
He secretly ordered a 100,000 - volt stun gun over the internet so he could knock her out before killing her , and after pouring petrol over her body , he set it alight .
He arranged her body to make it look as though she had fallen asleep watching television and , as the fire took hold , he clambered on to an extension roof with their two daughters as one of them cried : " I want mummy . "
The court heard Kirsty Wilson was in love with Simon Goddard Jermey claimed in court he had gone to bed early and was prevented from saving Ms Wilson from the fire by thick black smoke .
Jailing him , Judge Martyn Zeidman told Jermey : " You have done a wicked act , murdering the mother of your own young children . "
The judge said he had " imposed a life sentence of weeping " on his partner 's parents and caused a " devastating blow " to his children , who were just seven and three at the time of the murder .
The court heard that the youngest child still asks her grandmother : " Can I get mummy on the phone ? "
" How do you explain to a child of that age that they will never see mummy again ? , " the judge asked Jermey .
" Kirsty was an utterly exceptional person .
She was kind , vibrant , beautiful , honest , very sociable , and with a great sense of humour .
" She will be missed desperately by all who had the privilege of knowing her .
You have done a terrible thing , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Personal de la Cruz Roja rescata a una menor de la guardería ABC , alcanzada por un incendio en Sonora Foto Ulises Gutiérrez
El fuego inició pasadas las 15 horas en una bodega de autos y se propagó a una guardería
Detenidos , los propietarios de la estancia infantil y de una llantera contigua a esa instalación
Calderón Hinojosa envía condolencias a los deudos y ordena a la PGR atraer investigaciones
The chaos over the controversial " supersuits " that has engulfed swimming yesterday continued as Michael Phelps suffered his first defeat in five years in the 200 m freestyle just after the world governing body announced it would ban the costumes .
Britain's Gemma Spofforth won gold at the world championships in the women 's 100 m backstroke , setting a world record in the process , but the defeat of Phelps sent shockwaves through the sport and his coach , Bob Bowman , said the American would not swim again until the issue was resolved .
" Bob sorts my schedule , " confirmed a distraught Phelps .
Both Phelps and Spofforth were wearing Speedo LZR suits , which are being superceded by the new generation of wetsuit - style costumes made by adidas , Arena and others .
From next year all will become illegal but Phelps was beaten by Paul Biedermann , a German wearing an Arena X - glide suit .
Bowman said that Fina had better " do something or they 're going to lose their guy who fills these seats . "
The new regulations announced yesterday will limit the size of the suits and restrict the materials from which they are made to " textiles " .
There are numerous difficulties with the decision .
First , Fina , the sport 's governing body , cannot say when these changes will occur , their heavily - qualified estimate being " by April 2010 " .
And secondly , Fina has yet to reveal what the term " textiles " actually means .
Additionally , the rule change is in effect only a bye - law , which means the decision can be reversed at any point .
Fina insists that will not happen but it has already banned the new generation of swimsuits once this year only to change its mind after coming under heavy pressure from manufacturers and sponsors .
Controversially , the records set in the new suits will stand .
Fifteen world records have been set so far in Rome but not all in the new generation of suits .
" Remember , " said Fina 's executive director Cornel Marculescu last night , " the world records are being broken here because these people are fantastic athletes . "
Tell that to Michael Phelps .
The greatest Olympian swimmer in history with 14 golds was not just beaten in the 200 m , he was thrashed .
Biedermann shattered Phelps ' world mark of 1 min 42 .
96sec with a time of 1 min 42sec .
Phelps said : " I look forward to racing Biedermann next summer .
It will be fun when swimming gets back to swimming . "
Of his race , done in a time of 1:43.22 , Phelps added : " Theoretically it was a pretty good swim for me .
Three tenths off my best time after taking six months off .
I 'm not happy but I know I did n't train much this year .
" Biedermann was understandably ecstatic , saying : " It 's still hard for me to believe that I defeated a legend like Phelps .
It is true that he has been training only for six months and he is not the same as at the Beijing Olympics .
But the German team which I am part of is great . "
Biedermann finished a distant fifth behind Phelps in the 200m final in Beijing .
Ten months on he trimmed four full seconds from his time .
The technology has moved on so quickly that Phelps ' Speedo LZR seems almost obsolete .
Or it did until the very next race , when Spofforth broke the world record by 0.36 of a second with a time of 58.12sec .
It was the first gold won by a swimmer in a Speedo suit in Rome .
The LZR is only partially polyurethane , whereas the new suits are fully coated with the material .
That makes them water - impermeable , adding a huge amount of buoyancy .
He may well stay that way too , because Fina 's announcement has taken back the technology used in swimming by a full decade .
Marculescu insisted the sport was " evolving " but in truth it is a regression .
With the new restrictions in place it will be a long time before anyone swims as fast as many have at these championships .
SECOND SEASON OF DISCOVERY CHANNEL'S PITCHMEN IS A GO - Encore Presentation of PITCHMAN : A TRIBUTE TO BILLY MAYS to Air July 24 at 10 PM ET / PT - Discovery Channel 's PITCHMEN , the 12 - part series that featured the late Billy Mays II and his business partner , Anthony ' Sully ' Sullivan , will be back for a second season .
Because of the success of the series first season , and as a tribute to Mays ' legacy , the show will continue .
PITCHMEN , which is produced by Original Productions , a division of Freemantle Media , took viewers behind the curtain into the billion dollar infomercial industry , as Mays and Sullivan helped everyday men and women bring their inventions to the masses .
Discovery Channel is developing the format of season two with Mays ' son , Billy Mays III , Anthony Sullivan and Thom Beers , CEO of Original Productions .
More information will be announced as it becomes available .
A premiere date for season two of PITCHMEN has n't yet been set .
PITCHMAN : A TRIBUTE TO BILLY MAYS , which first premiered on Discovery Channel on July 9 , will re-air Friday , July 24 at 10 PM ET / PT .
The special pays tribute to the larger - than - life infomercial pioneer - the products he launched , the numerous inventors he helped , and how this family man from Pittsburgh became a household name , ultimately redefining television ad sales .
About Discovery Channel Discovery Channel ( DSC ) is dedicated to creating the highest quality non-fiction content that informs and entertains its consumers about the world in all its wonder , diversity and amazement .
The network , which reaches 98.1 million viewers in the US , can be seen in over 170 countries , offering a signature mix of compelling , high - end production values and vivid cinematography across genres including , science and technology , exploration , adventure , history and in - depth , behind - the - scenes glimpses at the people , places and organizations that shape and share our world .
For more information , please visit www.discovery.com.
About Discovery Communications Discovery Communications ( NASDAQ : DISAD , DISBD , DISCK ) is the world 's number one nonfiction media company reaching more than 1.5 billion cumulative subscribers in over 170 countries .
Discovery empowers people to explore their world and satisfy their curiosity through 100 - plus worldwide networks , led by Discovery Channel , TLC , Animal Planet , Science Channel , Planet Green , Investigation Discovery and HD Theater , as well as leading consumer and educational products and services , and a diversified portfolio of digital media services including HowStuffWorks.com .
For more information , please visit www.discoverycommunications.com.
Original Productions Founded by Thom Beers in 1997 , Original Productions produces authentic non-fiction programming featuring everyday heroes in extraordinary situations , including mega-series Deadliest Catch and new hit phenomenon Pitchmen .
Beers ' steadfast focus on top - notch storytelling with engaging personalities in high risk circumstances has produced more than 1,000 hours of original programming since the company 's inception .
In February 2009 , a majority stake in the company was purchased by FremantleMedia , one of the leading creators and producers of entertainment brands in the world .
FremantleMedia is part of the RTL Group , Europe 's largest television and radio broadcast company .
The new “ snow roots ” growing around Corydalis conorhiza ( Image : V. G. Onipchenko )
High - altitude plants spend a lot of the year covered in thick snow , but one species at least appears to relish its icy canopy .
Botanists have discovered that Corydalis conorhiza grows a never - before described network of roots that reach upwards into the overlying snowpack to grab nutrients .
This makes the plant the first species known to forage for nutrients in the snow .
“ It ’s remarkable that [ the roots ] have n’t been noticed before , ” says Hans Cornelissen at VU University in Amsterdam , The Netherlands .
“ But they are easy to miss because they decay rapidly after snow melt and are soon unrecognisable . ”
After the short growing season and the return of the snow , a new network of roots grows again .
Advertisement
Cornelissen and his team made the discovery high in the Caucasus mountains in southern Russia .
The ground remains snow - covered except during a short growing season in the height of summer .
Lucky find
Exploring the region after the snow melt , Cornelissen ’s team discovered that C. conorhiza specimens were surrounded by a thick layer of matted roots growing upwards and out of the soil ( see photo , above right ) .
The team realised that the roots , seemingly growing into thin air , would for most of the year be covered in snow – and so they dubbed them “ snow roots ” .
“ Snow roots are fundamentally different in structure from soil - dwelling roots , even in the same species , ” says Cornelissen .
They are much thinner , and rot away soon after exposure to the air .
The next step was to work out what the snow roots are for .
The team already knew that nitrogen and phosphorus are limiting growing factors in the high - altitude environment , but they found that the standard soil roots of the plant host fungi that give the plant a phosphorus boost .
The team reasoned that the unusual roots must be used to gather nitrogen that is trapped in snow flakes as they form .
To test the hypothesis they added a traceable isotope of nitrogen in water to snow above C. conorhiza plants .
After a few days , the team found that parts of the plant were rich in the isotope .
Head start
As a control , the team also laced the snow above a dandelion with only soil roots that also grows in the area .
They found it did n’t take on any of the foreign nitrogen .
Feeding off nitrogen in the snow in this way could give the species an important boost , says Cornelissen .
“ The growing season is only a few months long , and it really helps to take up nitrogen and translocate it to other parts of the plant before the season actually begins , ” he says .
“ We have some indication from very old literature that an unrelated plant might have the same adaptation , ” says Cornelissen .
“ If that can be confirmed , then snow roots have evolved at least twice independently . ”
Journal reference : Ecology Letters ( in press )
Circumcision of infant boys used to be pretty much routine in America , whether a child was Jewish or not .
Then , since the American Medical Association declared the procedure elective , some parents are deciding not to circumcise .
I asked some local parents how they reached a decision on whether to circumcise or not .
Here are a few of their comments .
Read my full story by clicking on " continue reading entry . "
Jody Brown , a Syracuse mom of three grown sons and one grown daughter :
" I choose not to circumcise my sons because I wanted to leave the choice to them as to whether or not they wanted their foreskin removed .
Two of them have actually thanked me for giving that choice . "
Mom of two sons , ages 7 and 17 : " One is circumcised , and the other is not .
When my youngest was born , I asked my then 10 - year - old if he thought his brother should be circumcised , and he said yes , that he wished he was . "
Aisha McConochy : " I have a 2 - and - a - half - year - old son , whom my husband and I chose not to circumcise .
He has two older sister , who are also not circumcised .
The reason I share that information is because it made no more sense to us for us to circumcise him that it would have to circumcise his sisters . "
Laurie Sanderson : " I face that question a long time ago .
I was very opposed to it ; my husband was not ...
I had researched thoroughly and finally related on one reason , our faith tradition .
My husband 's grandmother had been orthodox ( Jewish ) . "
More resources
How to decide whether to circumcise .
Frequently asked questions on Jewish circumcision .
Rabbi Rachel Ain of Congregation Beth Sholom - Chevra Shas in DeWitt explains the Jewish perspective .
A group is trying to ban circumcision .
By Gina Chen
Family Life editor
It used to be just about every American baby boy was circumcised .
It was as much a part of the first few days of life after a hospital birth as getting swaddled in a blanket or sleeping in an infant nursery .
Today , more parents are choosing not to circumcise -- or at least considering whether to do it .
" It 's one of those questions that come up : Do you or do n't you ? " says Sherri Kimber , an Onondaga Hill mom whose son , now age 7 , was circumcised after birth .
In the 1930s , about 30 percent of American boys were circumcised .
By the 1970s , the numbers increased to 80 percent before declining to roughly 65 percent in 1995 , according research in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
The AMA declared circumcision elective in 1999 , noting that the potential medical benefits were slight .
The procedure has been linked to a slightly lower incidence of urinary tract infections in infancy and of penile cancer or sexually transmitted disease later in life .
For many parents , that meant circumcision became a choice , not a requirement .
Some parents argue that circumcision can lessen sexual sensation in later life , or they worry about the pain of circumcision .
Others say why perform an elective procedure that is n't medically necessary unless it is tied to a religious ritual .
A poll of moms - to - be on Cafe Mom , a 1.6 million - member social - networking site for mothers , offers a glimpse of what women today are thinking about circumcision .
Sixty - seven percent of the moms - to - be who are members of the site 's Pregnancy Group said they plan to circumcise their sons , according the unscientific poll Cafe Mom conducted for The Post - Standard .
Twenty - nine percent said they wo n't circumcise ; 3 percent were n't sure .
Murugan Pandian , a dad of two from Clay , and his wife chose not to circumcise their son , but they faced some resistance from the medical community .
Pandian , the New York representative for a group that advocates outlawing infant circumcision , wants parents to educate themselves about the procedure .
" It 's something that 's not needed , " says Pandian , whose son is now 3 and daughter is 1 .
" We did n't agree with the procedure and the surgery .
We felt it was best to keep it the natural way . "
Parents who do circumcise may do it for religious reasons .
Jews and Muslims , for example , routinely circumcise infant males .
Other parents make the decision based on whether the father was circumcised or so the child will fit in with other boys while undressing in adolescent locker rooms .
" The real ultimate decision was :
What does his dad look like , " Kimber says .
" Will it make it more difficult if he looks different from you ? "
Here are views of other Central New York parents :
I circumcised my son because ...
" It 's what 's we 're used to .
... I understand why people do n't , and that 's their opinion .
But for me , a little pain , that did n't bother me too much . "
-- Rhiannon McElroy , a Manlius mom of two boys , ages 7 years and 7 months
I did not circumcise my son because ...
" I did more research and found that many of today 's reasons for circumcision are outdated and misguided .
I felt that not circumcising my son was the best decision for my son .
However , if he should choose to have the surgery done himself as a capable , decision - making adults , I will happily help him with the cost and support his decision . "
-- Karen Kitchner , a DeWitt mom of a 7 - month - old son
SANDY -- Eudene
Hult lives with an odd problem that makes her laugh and cry and occasionally tremble .
" My house has a stalker , " she said , standing in the entryway of a new $ 2 million home she 's afraid to move into .
The stalker is Brittany Schon Fern , 44 , a mentally ill woman who became obsessed with Eudene and Dale Hult 's house in 2007 , before the custom - built 8,000 - square - foot home even had walls .
What happened during the next two years -- a frustrating cycle of police reports , verbal and written warnings , trespass citations , court hearings -- shows how hard it can be to resolve disputes based on mental illness .
Fern resolutely believes media mogul Ted Turner intends to give her the house .
" She 's gone to the neighbors to ask where the cameras are hidden , " said Eudene Hult , so Fern will know where to look in mock surprise as Turner 's people hand her the key to her new mansion .
She is so convinced , in fact , that Fern has convinced others .
She successfully fired contractors , had windows removed and bought furniture .
" She stopped at our house last month and told the tile guy she did n't approve of the tile , " said Eudene Hult , who goes by Dena .
After one of Fern 's visits , a confused worker called Dale Hult to apologize .
" We 're sorry your wife is so upset , " he said .
Their own paradise
It is easy to see why someone might fall in love with the Hults ' fanciful Street of Dreams quality home , built on the rewards of years of hard work in the land - surveying business .
The couple , in their 50s , built and occupied several homes during their long marriage .
This one , Dena Hult said , " is our last hurrah . "
The house sits on 20 peaceful acres of pasture .
It was built with a big family in mind -- the couple have five children and 14 grandkids .
Dena
Hult bought two sets of bicycles for her grandchildren -- one for outdoors and one for riding inside through the cavernous hallways that connect supersize rooms .
Dale
Hult built a shop big enough for a dozen recreational vehicles .
Throughout the two years it took to build the home , Fern haunted the property .
" She continues to come to our house .
She continues to think she owns our home , " Dena Hult said .
" She says if she wants something bad enough , she can make it come to pass . "
The couple planned to move in three weeks ago but held off .
Dena
Hult said she is afraid be alone in the big house .
She never knows when Fern might appear or what might happen when she finds the Hults living in a house she thinks is meant for her .
Last month , a huge new home burned not far from Sandy .
When the Hults heard the news , one thought flashed in their imaginations .
Brittany Fern .
Unwanted visits
Fern has schizophrenia , is unpredictable and potentially volatile , said her half sister , Janet .
The Wilsonville resident also fears Fern and spoke on the condition that her last name not be disclosed .
" I tried to help her , but she wo n't listen to me , " Janet said , and through the years , " she 's gotten a lot worse . "
" I 'm afraid of her .
She could do anything .
She could have a knife .
She could have a gun , " Janet said .
" I asked her to stop calling .
I changed my phone number .
I can tell her to leave me alone , but she forgets . "
Likewise , the Hults are n't sure what to do , and the legal system offers slight solace .
They repeatedly called the sheriff 's office -- Fern was cited twice for criminal trespass -- tried unsuccessfully to get a restraining order and posted signs at the end of their driveway reminding Fern to stay away .
One says , " Brittany -- This is not your property . "
The other , " Brittany -- No trespassing . "
The warnings did n't work .
Reasoning proved equally fruitless .
The restraining orders were rejected because Fern has made no specific threats .
Her path is plotted by the voices in her head .
She refers to her unseen guides as " the group . "
" She said , ' If I do everything the group tells me , I will get what I want , ' " Dena Hult said .
When Dale Hult once again explained that the house did n't belong to her , Fern had an answer : " The group told me what you 're going to say .
I do n't own the house .
Let 's get beyond that . "
What next ?
The Hults ' best hope might be Clackamas County Circuit Judge Robert Selander .
" I do n't want any mistake about it , " Selander told Fern at a hearing earlier this month .
I have more power than Ted Turner , the judge said , and if you do n't have it from me , in writing , you ca n't go to the Hults ' house .
" Anything having to do with the property -- do n't , " the judge said .
Selander oversees the county 's mental health court , which hears cases involving people with mental illnesses charged with lesser crimes .
The court can help people who are convicted get treatment and keep them from recycling through the courthouse and jail .
After Fern missed a subsequent court appearance , Selander issued a warrant and she was taken into state custody .
" I really pray to God she gets help , " Dena Hult said .
" Right now , there is no solution . "
Selander ruled that Fern was unable to assist in her defense and ordered a psychiatric examination at the state hospital in Salem .
The next step will be another court hearing , but there are no assurances the issue will end there .
" I 'm hoping the courts can take care of it , " Dena Hult said .
" I 've been told it may take years before they can lock her up . "
Meantime , the house sits empty , and Dena Hult is left to wonder .
" What happens when she gets out ? "
-- Steve Mayes ; stevemayes@news.oregonian.com
BILL NUMBER : AB 962 INTRODUCED BILL TEXT INTRODUCED BY Assembly Member De Leon ( Coauthor : Assembly Member Bonnie Lowenthal ) FEBRUARY 26 , 2009 An act to amend Sections 11106 and 12316 of , to add Sections 12317 and 12318 to , to add Article 3.5 ( commencing with Section 12060 ) to Chapter 1 of , to add a heading for Chapter 2.6 ( commencing with Section 12316 ) to , and to repeal the heading of Chapter 2.6 ( commencing with Section 12320 ) of , Title 2 of Part 4 of the Penal Code , relating to ammunition .
LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL'S DIGEST AB 962 , as introduced , De Leon .
Ammunition .
Existing law requires the Department of Justice to maintain records pertaining to firearms transactions .
This bill would require the department to maintain additional information relating to ammunition transfers and licensed handgun ammunition vendors , as specified .
Existing law generally regulates the sale of ammunition .
This bill would establish a program administered by the Department of Justice for licensing handgun ammunition vendors , as specified .
The bill would establish a database maintained by the department to serve as a registry of handgun ammunition vendors .
This bill would require that commencing July 1 , 2010 , unless specifically excluded , no person shall sell or transfer more than 50 rounds of handgun ammunition in any month unless he or she is registered as a handgun ammunition vendor , as defined .
The bill would also require these vendors to obtain a background clearance for those employees who would handle ammunition in the course and scope of their employment .
The bill would require the Department of Justice to maintain a registry of registered handgun ammunition vendors , as specified .
Violation of these provisions , as specified , would be a misdemeanor .
By creating a new crime , this bill would impose a state - mandated local program .
The bill would also provide that no retail seller of ammunition shall sell , offer for sale , or display for sale , any handgun ammunition in a manner that allows that ammunition to be accessible to a purchaser without the assistance of the retailer or employee thereof .
The bill would further provide that handgun ammunition may only be purchased in a face - to - face transaction and only if certain conditions exist .
Existing law generally regulates what information is required to be obtained in connection with the transfer of ammunition .
This bill would , subject to exceptions , commencing July 1 , 2010 , require certain ammunition vendors to obtain a thumbprint and other information from ammunition purchasers , and would require submission of that information to the Department of Justice , as specified .
A violation of these provisions would be a misdemeanor .
This bill would provide that a person enjoined from engaging in activity associated with a criminal street gang , as specified , would be prohibited from having under his or her possession , custody , or control , any ammunition .
Violation of these provisions would be a misdemeanor .
The bill would prohibit supplying or delivering , as specified , handgun ammunition to prohibited persons , as described , by persons or others who know or by using reasonable care should know that the recipient is a person prohibited from possessing ammunition .
Violation of these provisions is a misdemeanor with specified penalties .
By creating new crimes , this bill would impose a state - mandated local program .
The California Constitution requires the state to reimburse local agencies and school districts for certain costs mandated by the state .
Statutory provisions establish procedures for making that reimbursement .
This bill would provide that no reimbursement is required by this act for a specified reason .
Vote : majority .
Appropriation : no .
Fiscal committee : yes .
State - mandated local program : yes .
THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA DO ENACT AS FOLLOWS : SECTION 1 .
Section 11106 of the Penal Code is amended to read : 11106 .
( a) In order to assist in the investigation of crime , the prosecution of civil actions by city attorneys pursuant to paragraph ( 3 ) of subdivision ( c ) , the arrest and prosecution of criminals , and the recovery of lost , stolen , or found property , the Attorney General shall keep and properly file a complete record of all copies of fingerprints , copies of licenses to carry firearms issued pursuant to Section 12050 , information reported to the Department of Justice pursuant to Section 12053 , licensee information pertaining to handgun ammunition vendors as specified in Section 12062 , dealers ' records of sales of firearms , reports provided pursuant to Section 12072 or 12078 , forms provided pursuant to Section 12084 , as that section read prior to being repealed by the act that amended this section , reports provided pursuant to Section 12071 that are not dealers ' records of sales of firearms , and reports of stolen , lost , found , pledged , or pawned property in any city or county of this state , and shall , upon proper application therefor , furnish this information to the officers referred to in Section 11105 .
( b ) ( 1 ) Except as provided in subdivision ( d ) , the Attorney General shall not retain or compile any information from reports filed pursuant to subdivision ( a ) of Section 12078 for firearms that are not handguns , from forms submitted pursuant to Section 12084 , as that section read prior to being repealed by the act that amended this section , for firearms that are not handguns , or from dealers ' records of sales for firearms that are not handguns .
All copies of the forms submitted , or any information received in electronic form , pursuant to Section 12084 , as that section read prior to being repealed by the act that amended this section , for firearms that are not handguns , or of the dealers ' records of sales for firearms that are not handguns shall be destroyed within five days of the clearance by the Attorney General , unless the purchaser or transferor is ineligible to take possession of the firearm .
All copies of the reports filed , or any information received in electronic form , pursuant to subdivision ( a ) of Section 12078 for firearms that are not handguns shall be destroyed within five days of the receipt by the Attorney General , unless retention is necessary for use in a criminal prosecution .
( 2 ) A peace officer , the Attorney General , a Department of Justice employee designated by the Attorney General , or any authorized local law enforcement employee shall not retain or compile any information from a firearms transaction record , as defined in paragraph ( 5 ) of subdivision ( c ) of Section 12071 , for firearms that are not handguns unless retention or compilation is necessary for use in a criminal prosecution or in a proceeding to revoke a license issued pursuant to Section 12071 . ( 3 ) A violation of this subdivision is a misdemeanor . ( c ) ( 1 ) The Attorney General shall permanently keep and properly file and maintain all information reported to the Department of Justice pursuant to Sections 12071 , 12072 , 12078 , 12082 , and former Section 12084 or any other law , as to handguns and maintain a registry thereof .
( 2 ) The registry shall consist of all of the following : ( A ) The name , address , identification of , place of birth ( state or country ) , complete telephone number , occupation , sex , description , and all legal names and aliases ever used by the owner or person being loaned the particular handgun as listed on the information provided to the department on the Dealers ' Record of Sale , the Law Enforcement Firearms Transfer ( LEFT ) , as defined in former Section 12084 , or reports made to the department pursuant to Section 12078 or any other law .
( B ) The name and address of , and other information about , any person ( whether a dealer or a private party ) from whom the owner acquired or the person being loaned the particular handgun and when the firearm was acquired or loaned as listed on the information provided to the department on the Dealers ' Record of Sale , the LEFT , or reports made to the department pursuant to Section 12078 or any other law .
( C ) Any waiting period exemption applicable to the transaction which resulted in the owner of or the person being loaned the particular handgun acquiring or being loaned that firearm .
( D ) The manufacturer 's name if stamped on the firearm , model name or number if stamped on the firearm , and , if applicable , the serial number , other number ( if more than one serial number is stamped on the firearm ) , caliber , type of firearm , if the firearm is new or used , barrel length , and color of the firearm .
( 3 ) Information in the registry referred to in this subdivision shall , upon proper application therefor , be furnished to the officers referred to in Section 11105 , to a city attorney prosecuting a civil action , solely for use in prosecuting that civil action and not for any other purpose , or to the person listed in the registry as the owner or person who is listed as being loaned the particular handgun .
( 4 ) If any person is listed in the registry as the owner of a firearm through a Dealers ' Record of Sale prior to 1979 , and the person listed in the registry requests by letter that the Attorney General store and keep the record electronically , as well as in the record 's existing photographic , photostatic , or nonerasable optically stored form , the Attorney General shall do so within three working days of receipt of the request .
The Attorney General shall , in writing , and as soon as practicable , notify the person requesting electronic storage of the record that the request has been honored as required by this paragraph .
( d ) ( 1 ) Any officer referred to in paragraphs ( 1 ) to ( 6 ) , inclusive , of subdivision ( b ) of Section 11105 may disseminate the name of the subject of the record , the number of the firearms listed in the record , and the description of any firearm , including the make , model , and caliber , from the record relating to any firearm 's sale , transfer , registration , or license record , or any information reported to the Department of Justice pursuant to Section 12021.3 , 12053 , 12071 , 12072 , 12077 , 12078 , 12082 , or 12285 , if the following conditions are met : ( A ) The subject of the record has been arraigned for a crime in which the victim is a person described in subdivisions ( a ) to ( f ) , inclusive , of Section 6211 of the Family Code and is being prosecuted or is serving a sentence for the crime , or the subject of the record is the subject of an emergency protective order , a temporary restraining order , or an order after hearing , which is in effect and has been issued by a family court under the Domestic Violence Protection
Act set forth in Division 10 ( commencing with Section 6200 ) of the Family Code .
( B ) The information is disseminated only to the victim of the crime or to the person who has obtained the emergency protective order , the temporary restraining order , or the order after hearing issued by the family court .
( C ) Whenever a law enforcement officer disseminates the information authorized by this subdivision , that officer or another officer assigned to the case shall immediately provide the victim of the crime with a " Victims of Domestic Violence " card , as specified in subparagraph ( H ) of paragraph ( 9 ) of subdivision ( c ) of Section 13701 .
( 2 ) The victim or person to whom information is disseminated pursuant to this subdivision may disclose it as he or she deems necessary to protect himself or herself or another person from bodily harm by the person who is the subject of the record .
SEC .
2 . Article 3.5 ( commencing with Section 12060 ) is added to Chapter 1 of Title 2 of Part 4 of the Penal Code , to read : Article 3.5 .
Handgun Ammunition Vendor Licenses 12060 .
As used in this article , the following terms apply : ( a ) " Department " means the Department of Justice .
( b ) " Handgun ammunition " means handgun ammunition as defined in subdivision ( a ) of Section 12323 , but excluding ammunition designed and intended to be used in an " antique firearm " as defined in Section 921( a ) ( 16 ) of Title 18 of the United States Code .
Handgun ammunition does not include blanks used in prop weapons .
( c ) " Immediate family member " has the same meaning as set forth in subdivision ( c ) of Section 12078 .
( d) " Licensed handgun ammunition vendor " or " vendor " means a person licensed by the department pursuant to Section 12062 .
12061 . ( a ) Commencing July 1 , 2010 , no person shall sell or otherwise transfer ownership of more than 50 rounds of handgun ammunition in any month unless the person is licensed by the department as a licensed handgun ammunition vendor in accordance with Section 12062 .
( b ) Subdivision ( a ) shall not apply to or affect any of the following : ( 1 ) Sales or other transfers of ownership of handgun ammunition by manufacturers or wholesalers to licensed handgun ammunition vendors who are licensed pursuant to Section 12062 .
( 2 ) Sales or other transfers of ownership of handgun ammunition by an authorized law enforcement representative of a city , county , or city and county , or the state or federal government to a peace officer authorized to carry a handgun in the course and scope of his or her duties .
( 3 ) Sales or other transfers of ownership of handgun ammunition to authorized law enforcement representatives of cities , counties , cities and counties , or state or federal governments for exclusive use by those government agencies if , prior to the delivery , transfer , or sale of handgun ammunition , written authorization from the head of the agency authorizing the transaction is presented to the person from whom the purchase , delivery , or transfer is being made .
Proper written authorization is defined as verifiable written certification from the head of the agency by which the purchaser or transferee is employed , identifying the employee as an individual authorized to conduct the transaction , and authorizing the transaction for the exclusive use of the agency by which he or she is employed .
( 4 ) Sales or other transfers of ownership of handgun ammunition to authorized representatives of cities , counties , cities and counties , or state or federal governments for those government agencies in which the entity is acquiring the ammunition as part of an authorized , voluntary program in which the entity is buying or receiving ammunition from private individuals .
( 5 ) Sales or other transfers of ownership of handgun ammunition between immediate family members , spouses , or registered domestic partners . ( c ) A violation of this section is a misdemeanor .
12062 . ( a ) ( 1 ) The department is authorized to issue handgun ammunition vendor licenses .
( 2 ) No handgun ammunition vendor license may be issued to an applicant who fails to provide a copy of any regulatory or business license , or licenses , required by local government , a valid seller 's permit issued by the State Board of Equalization , a federal firearms license if the person is federally licensed , and a certificate of eligibility issued pursuant to Section 12071 .
The license issued pursuant to this section shall be issued to an individual and for a specific physical location where the sale or other transfer of ownership of handgun ammunition is to be conducted .
( 3 ) The department shall inform applicants who are denied licenses of the reasons for the denial in writing .
( b ) ( 1 ) The handgun ammunition vendor license shall be issued in a form prescribed by the Attorney General and shall be valid for a period of one year .
The Attorney General may adopt regulations to administer application procedures and enforcement procedures for the licensee .
The Attorney General may adopt regulations that establish grounds for suspension or revocation of the license .
( 2 ) The department may charge handgun ammunition vendor license applicants a fee sufficient to reimburse the department for the costs of administering the license program , maintaining the registry of handgun ammunition vendors , and necessary regulatory functions , including enforcement , provided , however , that the fee shall not exceed fifty dollars ( $ 50 ) .
( 3 ) The department shall issue licenses pursuant to this section to the following applicants : ( A ) Persons licensed pursuant to Section 12071 . ( B ) A person who is on the centralized list maintained by the department pursuant to Section 12083 . ( C ) A target facility which holds a business or regulatory license .
( D ) Gunsmiths .
( E ) Wholesalers .
( F ) Manufacturers or importers of firearms licensed pursuant to Chapter 44 ( commencing with Section 921 ) of Title 18 of the United States Code , and the regulations issued pursuant thereto .
( 4 ) The department shall waive all application fees for all persons listed in subparagraphs ( A ) and ( B ) of paragraph ( 3 ) . ( 5 ) ( A ) The department shall keep a centralized registry of all persons , businesses , and corporations that are vendors .
( B ) The department may remove from this registry any vendor that violates the provisions of this section .
( C ) The license of any vendor that violates this section three times shall be revoked , and that person , firm , or corporation shall become permanently ineligible to obtain a license pursuant to this section .
( D ) Upon removal of a vendor from the registry , notification shall be provided to local law enforcement and licensing authorities in the jurisdiction where the vendor 's business is located .
( 6 ) Information compiled from the registry referred to in paragraph ( 5 ) shall be made available , upon request , for the following purposes only : ( A ) For law enforcement purposes .
( B ) When the information is requested for the purposes of determining the validity of handgun ammunition deliveries . ( c ) A vendor shall comply with all of the following conditions , requirements and prohibitions : ( 1 ) ( A ) A vendor shall not permit any employee who the vendor knows or reasonably should know is a person described in Section 12021 or 12021.1 of this code or Section 8100 or 8103 of the Welfare and Institutions Code to handle handgun ammunition in the course and scope of his or her employment .
( B ) Except as provided in subparagraph ( C ) , for an employee of a vendor who becomes an employee after July 1 , 2010 , the employee shall obtain a certificate of eligibility from the department pursuant to paragraph ( 4 ) of subdivision ( a ) of Section 12071 .
The request shall be made within 45 days of employing the individual .
( C )
In the case of a person who is employed by a vendor on or before July 1 , 2010 , the employee shall obtain a certificate of eligibility from the department pursuant to paragraph ( 4 ) of subdivision ( a ) of Section 12071 no later than August 15 , 2009 . ( 2 ) A vendor shall not sell or otherwise transfer ownership of , offer for sale or otherwise offer to transfer ownership of , or display for sale or display for transfer of ownership of any handgun ammunition in a manner that allows that ammunition to be accessible to a purchaser or transferee without the assistance of the vendor or employee thereof .
( 3 ) Commencing July 1 , 2010 , a vendor shall not sell or otherwise transfer ownership of any handgun ammunition without at the time of delivery legibly recording the following information on a form that is in a format to be prescribed by the department : ( A ) The date of the sale or other transaction .
( B ) The purchaser 's or transferee 's driver 's license or other identification number and the state in which it was issued .
( C ) The brand , type , and amount of ammunition sold or otherwise transferred .
( D ) The purchaser 's or transferee 's signature .
( E ) The name of the salesperson who processed the sale or other transaction .
( F ) The right thumbprint of the purchaser or transferee on the above form .
( G ) The purchaser 's or transferee 's full residential address and telephone number .
( H) The purchaser 's or transferee 's date of birth .
( 4 ) Commencing July 1 , 2010 , the records required by this section shall be maintained on the premises of the vendor for a period of not less than five years from the date of the recorded transfer .
( 5 ) Commencing July 1 , 2010 , the records referred to in paragraph ( 3 ) shall be subject to inspection at any time during normal business hours by any peace officer employed by a sheriff , city police department , or district attorney as provided in subdivision ( a ) of Section 830.1 , or employed by the department as provided in subdivision ( b ) of Section 830.1 , provided the officer is conducting an investigation where access to those records is or may be relevant to that investigation , is seeking information about persons prohibited from owning a firearm or ammunition , or is engaged in ensuring compliance with the Dangerous Weapons Control Law ( Chapter 1 ( commencing with Section 12000 ) of Title 2 of Part 4 ) , or any other laws pertaining to firearms or ammunition .
The records shall also be subject to inspection at any time during normal business hours by any other employee of the department , provided that employee is conducting an investigation where access to those records is or may be relevant to that investigation , is seeking information about persons prohibited from owning a firearm or ammunition , or is engaged in ensuring compliance with the Dangerous Weapons Control Law ( Chapter 1 ( commencing with Section 12000 ) of Title 2 of Part 4 ) , or any other laws pertaining to firearms or ammunition .
( 6 ) Commencing July 1 , 2010 , the vendor shall not knowingly make a false entry in , fail to make a required entry in , fail to obtain the required thumbprint , or otherwise fail to maintain in the required manner records prepared in accordance with paragraph ( 2 ) .
If the right thumbprint is not available , then the vendor shall have the purchaser or transferee use his or her left thumb , or any available finger , and shall so indicate on the form .
If the purchaser or transferee is physically unable to provide a thumbprint or fingerprint , the vendor shall so indicate on the form .
( 7 ) Commencing July 1 , 2010 , no vendor shall refuse to permit a person authorized under paragraph ( 5 ) to examine any record prepared in accordance with this section during any inspection conducted pursuant to this section , or refuse to permit the use of any record or information by those persons .
( d) Paragraph ( 3 ) of subdivision ( c ) shall not apply to or affect sales or other transfers of ownership of handgun ammunition by licensed handgun ammunition vendors to any of the following that are properly identified as such in a manner prescribed by the Department of Justice : ( 1 ) Persons licensed pursuant to Section 12071 . ( 2 ) A licensed handgun ammunition vendor . ( 3 ) A person who is on the centralized list maintained by the department pursuant to Section 12083 . ( 4 ) A target facility which holds a business or regulatory license .
( 5 ) Gunsmiths .
( 6 ) Wholesalers .
( 7 ) Manufacturers or importers of firearms licensed pursuant to Chapter 44 ( commencing with Section 921 ) of Title 18 of the United States Code , and the regulations issued pursuant thereto .
( 8 ) Sales or other transfers of ownership made to authorized law enforcement representatives of cities , counties , cities and counties , or state or federal governments for exclusive use by those government agencies if , prior to the delivery , transfer , or sale of handgun ammunition , written authorization from the head of the agency authorizing the transaction is presented to the person from whom the purchase , delivery , or transfer is being made .
Proper written authorization is defined as verifiable written certification from the head of the agency by which the purchaser , transferee , or person otherwise acquiring ownership is employed , identifying the employee as an individual authorized to conduct the transaction , and authorizing the transaction for the exclusive use of the agency by which he or she is employed .
( e )
Fees received by the department pursuant to this section shall be deposited in the Dealers ' Record of Sale Special Account of the General Fund . ( f ) ( 1 ) A violation of paragraph ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) , ( 6 ) , or ( 7 ) of subdivision ( c ) is a misdemeanor .
( 2 ) The provisions of this subdivision are cumulative , and shall not be construed as restricting the application of any other law .
However , an act or omission punishable in different ways by different provisions of law shall not be punished under more than one provision .
SEC .
3 . A heading for Chapter 2.6 of Title 2 of Part 4 is added to the Penal Code , immediately preceding Section 12316 , to read : CHAPTER 2.6 .
AMMUNITION SEC .
4 . Section 12316 of the Penal Code is amended to read : 12316 . ( a ) ( 1 )
Any person , corporation , or dealer who does either of the following shall be punished by imprisonment in a county jail for a term not to exceed six months , or by a fine not to exceed one thousand dollars ( $ 1,000 ) , or by both the imprisonment and fine : ( A ) Sells any ammunition or reloaded ammunition to a person under 18 years of age .
( B ) Sells any ammunition or reloaded ammunition designed and intended for use in a handgun to a person under 21 years of age .
As used in this subparagraph , " ammunition " means handgun ammunition as defined in subdivision ( a ) of Section 12323 .
Where ammunition or reloaded ammunition may be used in both a rifle and a handgun , it may be sold to a person who is at least 18 years of age , but less than 21 years of age , if the vendor reasonably believes that the ammunition is being acquired for use in a rifle and not a handgun .
( 2 ) Proof that a person , corporation , or dealer , or his or her agent or employee , demanded , was shown , and acted in reasonable reliance upon , bona fide evidence of majority and identity shall be a defense to any criminal prosecution under this subdivision .
As used in this subdivision , " bona fide evidence of majority and identity " means a document issued by a federal , state , county , or municipal government , or subdivision or agency thereof , including , but not limited to , a motor vehicle operator 's license , California state identification card , identification card issued to a member of the armed forces , or other form of identification that bears the name , date of birth , description , and picture of the person .
( b ) ( 1 ) No person prohibited from owning or possessing a firearm under Section 12021 or 12021.1 of this code or Section 8100 or 8103 of the Welfare and Institutions Code shall own , possess , or have under his or her custody or control , any ammunition or reloaded ammunition .
( 2 ) For purposes of this subdivision , " ammunition " shall include , but not be limited to , any bullet , cartridge , magazine , clip , speed loader , autoloader , or projectile capable of being fired from a firearm with a deadly consequence .
" Ammunition " does not include blanks used in prop weapons . ( 3 ) A violation of paragraph ( 1 ) of this subdivision is punishable by imprisonment in a county jail not to exceed one year or in the state prison , by a fine not to exceed one thousand dollars ( $ 1,000 ) , or by both the fine and imprisonment . ( 4 ) A person who is not prohibited by paragraph ( 1 ) from owning , possessing , or having under his or her custody or control , any ammunition or reloaded ammunition , but who is enjoined from engaging in activity pursuant to an injunction issued pursuant to Section 3479 of the Civil Code against that person as a member of a criminal street gang , as defined in Section 186.22 , may not own , possess , or have under his or her custody or control , any ammunition or reloaded ammunition .
( 5 ) A violation of paragraph ( 4 ) of this subdivision is a misdemeanor .
( c ) Unless it is with the written permission of the school district superintendent , his or her designee , or equivalent school authority , no person shall carry ammunition or reloaded ammunition onto school grounds , except sworn law enforcement officers acting within the scope of their duties or persons exempted under subparagraph ( A ) of paragraph ( 1 ) of subdivision ( a ) of Section 12027 .
This subdivision shall not apply to a duly appointed peace officer as defined in Chapter 4.5 ( commencing with Section 830 ) of Title 3 of Part 2 , a full - time paid peace officer of another state or the federal government who is carrying out official duties while in California , any person summoned by any of these officers to assist in making an arrest or preserving the peace while he or she is actually engaged in assisting the officer , a member of the military forces of this state or of the United States who is engaged in the performance of his or her duties , a person holding a valid license to carry the firearm pursuant to Article 3 ( commencing with Section 12050 ) of Chapter 1 of Title 2 of Part 4 , or an armored vehicle guard , who is engaged in the performance of his or her duties , as defined in subdivision ( e ) of Section 7521 of the Business and Professions Code .
A violation of this subdivision is punishable by imprisonment in a county jail for a term not to exceed six months , a fine not to exceed one thousand dollars ( $ 1,000 ) , or both the imprisonment and fine . ( d ) ( 1 ) A violation of paragraph ( 1 ) or ( 4 ) of subdivision ( b ) is justifiable where all of the following conditions are met : ( A ) The person found the ammunition or reloaded ammunition or took the ammunition or reloaded ammunition from a person who was committing a crime against him or her .
( B ) The person possessed the ammunition or reloaded ammunition no longer than was necessary to deliver or transport the ammunition or reloaded ammunition to a law enforcement agency for that agency 's disposition according to law .
( C ) The person is prohibited from possessing any ammunition or reloaded ammunition solely because that person is prohibited from owning or possessing a firearm only by virtue of Section 12021 or ammunition or reloaded ammunition because of paragraph ( 4 ) of subdivision ( b ) .
( 2 ) Upon the trial for violating paragraph ( 1 ) or ( 4 ) of subdivision ( b ) , the trier of fact shall determine whether the defendant is subject to the exemption created by this subdivision .
( 3 ) The defendant has the burden of proving by a preponderance of the evidence that he or she is subject to the exemption provided by this subdivision .
SEC .
5 . Section 12317 is added to the Penal Code , to read : 12317 . ( a ) Any person , corporation , or firm who supplies , delivers , sells , or gives possession or control of , any ammunition to any person who he or she knows or using reasonable care should know is prohibited from owning , possessing , or having under his or her custody or control , any ammunition or reloaded ammunition pursuant to paragraph ( 1 ) or ( 4 ) of subdivision ( b ) of Section 12316 , is guilty of a misdemeanor , punishable by imprisonment in a county jail not exceeding one year , or a fine not exceeding one thousand dollars ( $ 1,000 ) , or by both that fine and imprisonment .
( b)
The provisions of this section are cumulative and shall not be construed as restricting the application of any other law .
However , an act or omission punishable in different ways by this section and another provision of law shall not be punished under more than one provision .
( c ) For purposes of this section , " ammunition " shall include , but not be limited to , any bullet , cartridge , magazine , clip , speed loader , autoloader , or projectile capable of being fired from a firearm with deadly consequence .
" Ammunition " does not include blanks used in prop weapons .
SEC .
6 . Section 12318 is added to the Penal Code , to read : 12318 .
( a ) Commencing July 1 , 2010 , the sale or other transfer of ownership of handgun ammunition may only occur in a face - to - face transaction with the seller or transferor being provided bona fide evidence of identity from the purchaser or other transferee .
A violation of this section is a misdemeanor .
( b ) For purposes of this section : ( 1 ) " Bona fide evidence of identity " means a document issued by a federal , state , county , or municipal government , or subdivision or agency thereof , including , but not limited to , a motor vehicle operator 's license , state identification card , identification card issued to a member of the armed forces , or other form of identification that bears the name , date of birth , description , and picture of the person .
( 2 ) " Handgun ammunition " means handgun ammunition as defined in subdivision ( a ) of Section 12323 , but excluding ammunition designed and intended to be used in an " antique firearm " as defined in Section 921( a ) ( 16 ) of Title 18 of the United States Code .
Handgun ammunition does not include blanks used in prop weapons .
( 3 ) " Licensed handgun ammunition vendor " has the same meaning as set forth in Section 12062 .
( c ) Subdivision ( a ) shall not apply to or affect the deliveries , transfers , or sales of , handgun ammunition to any of the following : ( 1 ) Authorized law enforcement representatives of cities , counties , cities and counties , or state and federal governments for exclusive use by those government agencies if , prior to the delivery , transfer , or sale of the handgun ammunition , written authorization from the head of the agency employing the purchaser or transferee , is obtained identifying the employee as an individual authorized to conduct the transaction , and authorizing the transaction for the exclusive use of the agency employing the individual .
( 2 ) Sworn peace officers , as defined in Chapter 4.5 ( commencing with Section 830 ) of Title 3 of Part 2 who are authorized to carry a firearm in the course and scope of their duties .
( 3 ) Importers and manufacturers of handgun ammunition or firearms licensed to engage in business pursuant to Chapter 44 ( commencing with Section 921 ) of Title 18 of the United States Code and the regulations issued pursuant thereto .
( 4 ) Persons who are on the centralized list maintained by the Department of Justice pursuant to Section 12083 .
( 5 ) Persons whose licensed premises are outside this state who are licensed as dealers or collectors of firearms pursuant to Chapter 44 ( commencing with Section 921 ) of Title 18 of the United States Code and the regulations issued pursuant thereto .
( 6 ) Persons licensed as collectors of firearms pursuant to Chapter 44 ( commencing with Section 921 ) of Title 18 of the United States Code and the regulations issued pursuant thereto whose licensed premises are within this state who has a current certificate of eligibility issued to him or her by the Department of Justice pursuant to Section 12071 . ( 7 ) A licensed handgun ammunition vendor . ( 8 ) A consultant - evaluator , as defined in subdivision ( s ) of Section 12001 .
SEC .
7 . The heading of Chapter 2.6 ( commencing with Section 12320 ) of Title 2 of Part 4 of the Penal Code is repealed .
SEC .
8 . No reimbursement is required by this act pursuant to Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution because the only costs that may be incurred by a local agency or school district will be incurred because this act creates a new crime or infraction , eliminates a crime or infraction , or changes the penalty for a crime or infraction , within the meaning of Section 17556 of the Government Code , or changes the definition of a crime within the meaning of Section 6 of Article XIII B of the California Constitution .
Past research indicates that self - control relies on some sort of limited energy source .
This review suggests that blood glucose is one important part of the energy source of self - control .
Acts of self - control deplete relatively large amounts of glucose .
Self - control failures are more likely when glucose is low or cannot be mobilized effectively to the brain ( i.e. , when insulin is low or insensitive ) .
Restoring glucose to a sufficient level typically improves self - control .
Numerous self - control behaviors fit this pattern , including controlling attention , regulating emotions , quitting smoking , coping with stress , resisting impulsivity , and refraining from criminal and aggressive behavior .
Alcohol reduces glucose throughout the brain and body and likewise impairs many forms of self - control .
Furthermore , self - control failure is most likely during times of the day when glucose is used least effectively .
Self - control thus appears highly susceptible to glucose .
Self - control benefits numerous social and interpersonal processes .
Glucose might therefore be related to a broad range of social behavior .
Aikens , J.E. , Wallander , J.L. , Bell , D.S.H. , & McNorton , A. ( 1994 ) .
A nomothetic - idiographic study of daily psychological stress and blood glucose in women with Type I diabetes mellitus .
Journal of Behavioral Medicine , 17 , 535 - 548 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Allen , J.B. , Gross , A.M. , Aloia , M.S. & Billingsley , C. ( 1996 ) .
The effects of glucose on nonmemory cognitive functioning in the elderly .
Neuropsychologia , 34 , 459 - 465 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Altschule , M.D. , Grunebaum , H.U. , Parkhurst , B.H. , & Siegel , E.P. ( 1953 ) .
Mobilization of glucose by phlorhizin in patients with mental disorders .
Archives of Neurology & Psychiatry , 70 , 235 - 239 .
Google Scholar
Altura , B. , Altura , B. , Zhang , A. , & Zakhari , S. ( 1996 ) .
Effects of alcohol on overall brain metabolism .
In H. Begleiter & B. Kissin ( Eds. ) ,
The pharmacology of alcohol and alcohol dependence .
Alcohol and alcoholism ( pp. 145 - 180 ) .
New York : Oxford .
Google Scholar
Alvarez , M.A. , Portilla , L. , Gonzalez , R. , & Ezcurra , E. ( 1989 ) .
Insulin response to a short stress period .
Psychoneuroendocrinology , 14 , 241 - 244 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Armario , A. , Marti , O. , Molina , T. , de Pablo , J. , & Valdes , M. ( 1996 ) .
Acute stress markers in humans : Response of plasma glucose , cortisol and prolactin to two examinations differing in the anxiety they provoke .
Psychoneuroendocrinology , 21 , 17 - 24 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
American Psychiatric Association . ( 1994 ) .
Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders ( 4 th ed. ) .
Washington , DC : Author .
Google Scholar
Arndt , J. , Greenberg , J. , Solomon , S. , Pyszczynski , T. , & Simon , L. ( 1997 ) .
Suppression , accessibility of death - related thoughts , and cultural worldview defense : Exploring the psychodynamics of terror management .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 73 , 5 — 18 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Ashton , H. ( 1982 ) .
Smoking : Psychology and pharmacology .
London : Tavistock .
Google Scholar
Baldwin , M.W. , & Wesley , R. ( 1996 ) .
Effects of existential anxiety and self - esteem on the perception of others .
Basic and Applied Social Psychology , 18 , 75 - 95 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Banfield , J. , Wyland , C.L. , Macrae , C.N. , Munte , T.F. , & Heatherton , T.F. ( 2005 ) .
The cognitive neuroscience of self - regulation .
In R. F. Baumeister & K.D. Vohs ( Eds. ) ,
The handbook of self - regulation ( pp. 63 - 83 ) .
New York : Guilford .
Google Scholar
Barglow , P. , Hatcher , R. , Berndt , D. , & Phelps , D. ( 1985 ) .
Psychosocial childbearing stress and metabolic control in pregnant diabetics .
Journal of Nervous & Mental Disease , 173 , 615 - 620 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Barglow , P. , Hatcher , R. , Edidin , D.V. , & Sloan - Rossiter , D. ( 1984 ) .
Stress and metabolic control in diabetes : Psychosomatic evidence and evaluation of methods .
Psychosomatic Medicine , 46 , 127 - 144 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Baron , R.A. ( 1976 ) .
The reduction of human aggression : A field study of the influence of incompatible reactions .
Journal of Applied Social Psychology , 6 , 260 - 274 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Baron , R.A. ( 1983 ) .
The control of human aggression : An optimistic overview .
Journal of Social & Clinical Psychology , 1 , 97 - 119 .
Google Scholar
Baumeister , R.F. ( 1998 ) .
The self .
In D. T. Gilbert , S. T. Fiske , & G. Lindzey ( Eds. ) , Handbook of social psychology ( 4 th ed. ; pp. 680 - 740 ) .
New York : McGraw - Hill .
Google Scholar
Baumeister , R.F. ( 2005 ) .
The cultural animal : Human nature , meaning , and social life .
New York : Oxford University Press .
Google Scholar Crossref
Baumeister , R.F. , Bratslavsky , E. , Muraven , M. , & Tice , D.M. ( 1998 ) .
Self - control depletion :
Is the active self a limited resource ?
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 74 , 1252 - 1265 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Baumeister , R.F. , Gailliot , M. , DeWall , C.N. , & Oaten , M. ( 2006 ) .
Self - regulation and personality : How interventions increase regulatory success , and how depletion moderates the effects of traits on behavior .
Journal of Personality , 74 , 1773 - 1801 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Baumeister , R.F. , Heatherton , T.F. , & Tice , D.M. ( 1994 ) .
Losing control : How and why people fail at self - regulation .
San Diego , CA : Academic Press .
Google Scholar
Baumeister , R.F. , Schmeichel , B.J. , & Vohs , K.D. ( in press ) .
Self - regulation .
In E. T. Higgins & A. W. Kruglanski ( Eds. ) , Social psychology : Handbook of basic principles .
Google Scholar
Benton , D. ( 1990 ) .
The impact of increasing blood glucose on psychological functioning .
Biological Psychology , 30 , 13 - 19 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Benton , D. , Brett , V. , & Brain , P.F. ( 1987 ) .
Glucose improves attention and reaction to frustration in children .
Biological Psychology , 24 , 95 - 100 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Benton , D. , Kumari , N. , & Brain , P.F. ( 1982 ) .
Mild hypoglycaemia and questionnaire measures of aggression .
Biological Psychology , 14 , 129 - 135 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Benton , D. , & Owens , D. ( 1993 ) .
Is raised blood glucose associated with the relief of tension ?
Journal of Psychosomatic Research , 37 , 1 - 13 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Benton , D. , Owens , D.S. , & Parker , P.Y. ( 1994 ) .
Blood glucose influences memory and attention in young adults .
Neuropsychologia , 32 , 595 - 607 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Benton , D. , Parker , P.Y. , & Donohoe , R.T. ( 1996 ) .
The supply of glucose to the brain and cognitive functioning .
Journal of Biosocial Science , 28 , 463 — 479 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Berlin , I. , Vorspan , F. , Warot , D. , Maneglier , B. , & Spreux - Varoquaux , O. ( 2003 ) .
Effect of glucose on tobacco craving .
Is it mediated by tryptophan and serotonin ?
Psychopharmacology , 178 , 27 - 34 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Blackman , J.D. , Towle , V.L. , Lewis , G.F. , Spire , J - P. , & Polonsky , K.S. ( 1990 ) .
Hypoglycemic thresholds for cognitive dysfunction in humans .
Diabetes , 39 , 828 - 835 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Bolton , R. ( 1973 ) .
Aggression and hypoglycemia among the Quolla : A study in psycho-biological anthropology .
Ethology , 12 , 227 - 257 .
Google Scholar
Bolton , R. ( 1979 ) .
Hostility in fantasy : A further test of the hypoglycemia - aggression hypothesis .
Aggressive Behavior , 2 , 257 - 274 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Bradley , B.P. , Phillips , G. , Green , L. , & Gossip , M. ( 1989 ) .
Circumstances surrounding the initial lapse to opiate use following detoxification .
British Journal of Psychiatry , 154 , 354 - 359 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Brownell , K.D. , Marlatt , G.A. , Lichtenstein , E. , & Wilson , G.T. ( 1986 ) .
Understanding and preventing relapse .
American Psychologist , 41 , 765 - 782 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Buchsbaum , M.S. , Wu , J. , Siegel , B.V. , Hackett , E. , Trenary , M. , Abel , L. , et al. ( 1997 ) .
Effect of sertraline on regional metabolic rate in patients with affective disorder .
Biological Psychiatry , 41 , 15 - 22 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Campbell , N.A. , & Reece , J.B. ( 2002 ) .
Biology .
New York : Benjamin Cummings .
Google Scholar
Carroll , K. , & Nestel , P. ( 1973 ) .
Diurnal variation in glucose tolerance and in insulin secretion in man .
Diabetes , 22 , 333 - 348 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Catalano , A. ( 1949 ) .
High dosage of glucose in the treatment of mental diseases .
Archivio di Psicologia , Neurologia e Psichiatria , 10 , 87 - 88 .
Google Scholar Medline
Cohen , S. , & Lichtenstein , E. ( 1990 ) .
Perceived stress , quitting smoking , and smoking relapse .
Health Psychology , 9 , 466 - 478 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Cox , T. , Simpson , G.C. , & Rothschild , D.R. ( 1973 ) .
The blood glucose level and skilled performance under stress .
Journal of International Research Communications , 1 , 30 .
Google Scholar
DeWall , C.N. , Stillman , T. , Baumeister , R.F. , & Gailliot , M.T. ( in press ) .
Violence restrained : Effects of self - regulation and its depletion on aggression .
Journal of Experimental Social Psychology .
Google Scholar ISI
Donohoe , R.T. , & Benton , D. ( 1999 a ) .
Blood glucose control and aggressiveness in females .
Personality and Individual Differences , 26 , 905 - 911 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Donohoe , R.T. , & Benton , D. ( 1999 b ) .
Cognitive functioning is susceptible to the level of blood glucose .
Psychopharmacology , 145 , 378 - 385 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Drevets , W.C. ( 2000 ) .
Neuroimaging studies of mood disorders .
Biological Psychiatry , 48 , 813 - 829 .
Google Scholar
Drummond , S.P.A. , Gillin , J.C. , & Brown , G.G. ( 2001 ) .
Increased cerebral response during a dived attention task following sleep deprivation .
Journal of Sleep Research , 10 , 85 - 92 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Duckworth , A.L. , & Seligman , M.E.P. ( 2005 ) .
Self - discipline outdoes IQ in predicting academic performance of adolescents .
Psychological Science , 16 , 939 - 944 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Dunbar , R.I.M. ( 1998 ) .
The social brain hypothesis .
Evolutionary Anthropology , 6 , 178 - 190 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Edwards , C. , & Yates , A.J. ( 1985 ) .
The effects of cognitive task demand on subjective stress and blood glucose levels in diabetics and non-diabetics .
Journal of Psychosomatic Research , 29 , 59 - 69 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Elia , H. , & Goldstein , J. ( 1932 ) .
Insulin - shock und zentralnervensystem .
Med Klin , 1 , 542 .
Google Scholar
Eren , I. , Erdi , Ö. , & Özcankaya , R. ( 2003 ) .
Relationship between blood glucose control and psychiatric disorders in type II diabetic patients .
Turk Psikiyatri Dergisi , 14 , 184 - 191 .
Google Scholar Medline
Fabrykant , M. , & Pacella , B. ( 1948 ) .
Labile diabetes : Electroencephalographic status and effect of anticonvulsive therapy .
Annals of Internal Medicine , 29 , 860 - 877 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Fairclough , S.H. , & Houston , K. ( 2004 ) .
A metabolic measure of mental effort .
Biological Psychology , 66 , 177 - 190 .
Google Scholar
Finkel , E.J. , & Campbell , W.K. ( 2001 ) .
Self - control and accommodation in close relationships :
An interdependence analysis .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 81 , 263 - 277 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Finkel , A.L. , & Poppen , J.R. ( 1948 ) .
Clinical effects of noise and mechanical vibrations of a jet engine on man .
Journal of Applied Physiology , 1 , 183 - 203 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Flint , R.W. , & Turek , C. ( 2003 ) .
Glucose effects on a continuous performance test of attention in adults .
Behavioural Brain Research , 142 , 217 - 228 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Freud , S. ( 1961 a ) .
The ego and the id .
In J. Strachey ( Ed. & Trans . ) ,
The standard edition of the complete psychological works of Sigmund Freud ( Vol. 19 , pp. 12 — 66 ) .
London : Hogarth Press .
( Original work published 1923 )
Google Scholar
Freud , S. ( 1961 b ) .
New introductory lectures on psycho-analysis .
In J. Strachey ( Ed. & Trans . ) ,
The standard edition of the complete psychological works of Sigmund Freud ( Vol. 22 , pp. 7 — 182 ) .
London : Hogarth Press .
( Original work published 1933 )
Google Scholar
Fris , R. , & Nanjundappa , G. ( 1986 ) .
Diabetes , depression , and employment status .
Social Science and Medicine , 23 , 471 - 475 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Gailliot , M.T. ( 2005 ) .
A glucose drink reduces defensive reactions to thoughts about death .
Manuscript in preparation .
Google Scholar
Gailliot , M.T. , & Baumeister , R.F. ( 2005 ) .
Glucose eliminates worldview defense after mortality salience .
Manuscript in preparation .
Google Scholar
Gailliot , M.T. , & Baumeister , R.F. ( 2007 ) .
Self - regulation and sexual restraint : Dispositionally and temporarily poor self - regulatory abilities contribute to failures at restraining sexual behavior .
Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , 33 , 173 - 186 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Gailliot , M.T. , & Baumeister , R.F. ( in press ) .
Self - control and business ethics :
How strengthening the self benefits the corporation and the individual .
In R. A. Giacalone , C. L. Jurkiewicz , & C. Dunn ( Eds. ) , Positive psychology , ethics , and social responsibility in organizational life .
Greenwich , CT : Information Age .
Google Scholar
Gailliot , M.T. , Baumeister , R.F. , DeWall , C.N. , Maner , J.K. , Plant , E.A. , Tice , D.M. , et al. ( 2007 ) .
Self - control relies on glucose as a limited energy source : Willpower is more than a metaphor .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 92 , 325 - 336 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Gailliot , M.T. , Plant , E.A. , Butz , D.A. , & Baumeister , R.F. ( 2007 ) .
Increasing self - regulatory strength can reduce the depleting effect of suppressing stereotypes .
Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , 33 , 281 - 294 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Gailliot , M.T. , Schmeichel , B.J. , & Baumeister , R.F. ( 2006 ) .
Self - regulatory processes defend against the threat of death : Effects of self - control depletion and trait self - control on thoughts and fears of dying .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 91 , 49 - 62 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Gans , D. , Harper , A. , Bachorowski , J. , Newman , J. , Shrago , E. , & Taylor , S. ( 1990 ) .
Sucrose and delinquency : Oral sucrose tolerance test and nutritional assessment .
Pediatrics , 86 , 254 - 262 .
Google Scholar Medline | ISI
Gesch , C.B. , Hammond , S.M. , Hampson , S.E. , Eves , A. , & Crowder , M.J. ( 2002 ) .
Influence of supplementary vitamins , minerals and essential fatty acids on the antisocial behaviour of young adult prisoners : Randomised , placebo - controlled trial .
British Journal of Psychiatry , 181 , 22 - 28 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Glass , D.C. , Singer , J.E. , & Friedman , L.N. ( 1969 ) .
Psychic cost of adaptation to an environmental stressor .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 12 , 200 - 210 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Goetsch , V.L. ( 1989 ) .
Stress and blood glucose in diabetes mellitus : A review and methodological commentary .
Annals of Behavioral Medicine , 11 , 102 - 107 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Goetsch , V.L. , Abel , J.L. , & Pope , M.K. ( 1994 ) .
The effects of stress , mood , and coping on blood glucose in NIDDM : A prospective pilot evaluation .
Behaviour Research & Therapy , 32 , 503 - 510 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Goetsch , V.L. , Wiebe , D.J. , Veltum L.G. , & Van Dorsten , B. ( 1990 ) .
Stress and blood glucose in type II diabetes mellitus .
Behavioral Research Therapy , 28 , 531 — 537 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Gold , A.E. , MacLeod , K.M. , Deary , I.J. , & Frier , B.M. ( 1995 ) .
Hypoglycemia - induced cognitive dysfunction in diabetes mellitus : Effect of hypoglycemia unawareness .
Physiology and Behavior , 58 , 501 - 511 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Gonder - Frederick , L.A. , Cox , D.J. , Bobbitt , S.A. , & Pennebaker , J.W. ( 1989 ) .
Mood changes associated with blood glucose fluctuations in insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus .
Health Psychology , 8 , 45 - 49 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Goodwin , R.D. , Hoven , C.W. , & Spitzer , R.L. ( 2003 ) .
Diabetes and eating disorders in primary care .
International Journal of Eating Disorders , 33 , 85 - 91 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Gordijn , E.H. , Hindriks , I. , Koomen , W. , Dijksterhuis , A. , & Van Knippenberg , A. ( 2004 ) .
Consequences of stereotype suppression and internal suppression motivation : A self - regulation approach .
Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , 30 , 212 - 224 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Gottfredson , M.R. , & Hirschi , T. ( 1990 ) .
A general theory of crime .
Stanford , CA : Stanford University Press .
Google Scholar
Greenberg , J. , Arndt , J. , Schimel , J. , Pyszczynski , T. , & Solomon , S. ( 2001 ) .
Clarifying the function of mortality salience - induced worldview defense : Renewed suppression or reduced accessibility of death - related thoughts ?
Journal of Experimental Social Psychology , 37 , 70 - 76 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Greeno , C.G. , & Wing , R.R. ( 1994 ) .
Stress - induced eating .
Psychological Bulletin , 115 , 444 - 464 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Greenwood , J. ( 1935 ) .
Hypoglycemia as a cause of mental symptoms .
Pennsylvania Medical Journal , 39 , 12 .
Google Scholar
Guyton , A.C. ( 1976 ) .
Textbook of medical physiology .
Philadelphia : Saunders .
Google Scholar
Haier , R.J. , Schandler , S.L. , MacLachlan , A. , Soderling , E. , Buchsbaum , M.S. , & Cohen , M. ( 1999 ) .
Alcohol induced changes in regional cerebral glucose metabolic rate during divided attention .
Personality & Individual Differences , 26 , 425 - 439 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Haier , R.J. , Siegel , B. , Tang , C. , Abel , L. , & Buchsbaum , M.S. ( 1992 ) .
Intelligence and changes in regional cerebral metabolic rate following learning .
Intelligence , 16 , 415 - 426 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Hall , J.B. , & Brown , D.A. ( 1979 ) .
Plasma glucose and lactic acid alterations in response to a stressful exam .
Biological Psychology , 8 , 179 - 188 .
Google Scholar
Hancock , P.A. , & Warm , J.S. ( 1989 ) .
A dynamic model of stress and sustained attention .
Human Factors , 31 , 519 - 537 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Harakas , P. , & Foulds , J. ( 2002 ) .
Acute effects of glucose tablets on craving , withdrawal symptoms , and sustained attention in 12-h abstinent tobacco smokers .
Psychopharmacology , 161 , 271 - 277 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Henner , E. ( 1936 ) .
Hypoglykaemie , podminena adenomen obruvku Langerhansovych brisni slinivky .
Casop Lek Cesk , 75 , 177 .
Google Scholar
Hepburn , D.A. , Deary , I.J. , MacLeod , K.M. , & Frier , B.M. ( 1996 ) .
Adrenaline and psychometric mood factors : A controlled case study of two patients with bilateral adrenalectomy .
Personality and Individual Differences , 20 , 451 - 455 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Hill , D. , & Sargant , W. ( 1943 ) .
A case of matricide .
Lancet , 1 , 526 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Hodgins , D.C. , el Guebaly , N. , & Armstrong , S. ( 1995 ) .
Prospective and retrospective reports of mood states before relapse to substance use .
Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology , 63 , 400 - 407 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Horne , J.A. ( 1993 ) .
Human sleep , sleep loss and behavior : Implications for the prefrontal cortex and psychiatric disorder .
British Journal of Psychiatry , 162 , 413 - 419 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Hull , J.G. ( 1981 ) .
A self - awareness model of the causes and effects of alcohol consumption .
Journal of Abnormal Psychology , 90 , 586 - 600 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Jarrett , R.J. , Baker , I.A. , Keen , H. , & Oakley , N.W. ( 1972 ) .
Diurnal variation in oral glucose tolerance : Blood sugar and plasma insulin levels morning , afternoon , and evening .
British Medical Journal , 1 , 199 - 201 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline
Jarrett , R.J. , Viberti , G.C. , & Sayegh , H.A. ( 1978 ) .
Does “ afternoon diabetes ” predict diabetes ?
British Medical Journal , 1 , 548 - 549 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline
Jarvik , M.E. , Olmstead , R.E. , Schneider , N.G. , Iwamoto - Schaap , P.N. , & Madsen , D.C. ( 1998 ) .
Sweeteners and cigarette craving : Glucose , aspartame , sorbitol .
American Journal of Health Behavior , 22 , 130 - 140 .
Google Scholar ISI
Kahan , D. , Polivy , J. , & Herman , C.P. ( 2003 ) .
Conformity and dietary disinhibition : A test of the ego - strength model of self - regulation .
International Journal of Eating Disorders , 32 , 165 - 171 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Kandel , E.R. , Schwartz , J.H. , & Jessell , T.M. ( 2000 ) .
Principles of neural science .
New York : McGraw Hill .
Google Scholar
Kennedy , D.O. , & Scholey , A.B. ( 2000 ) .
Glucose administration , heart rate and cognitive performance : Effects of increasing mental effort .
Psychopharmacology , 149 , 63 - 71 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Kennedy , S.H. , Evans , K.R. , Kruger , S. , Mayberg , H.S. , Meyer , J.H. , McCann , S. , et al. ( 2001 ) .
Changes in regional blood flow metabolism measured with positron emission tomography after paroxetine treatment of major depression .
American Journal of Psychiatry , 158 , 899 - 905 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Kety , S. S. ( 1950 ) .
Circulation and metabolism of the human brain in health and disease .
American Journal of Medicine , 8 , 205 - 217 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Keul , J. , Huber , G. , Lehman , M. , Berg , A. , & Jakob , E.F. ( 1982 ) Einfluss von Dex - trose auf Fahrleistung , Konzentrationsfaehigkeit , Kreislauf und Stoff - wechsel in Kraftfahrzeug - simulator ( Doppelblindstudie im Cross - over Design ) [ Influence of dextrose on driving performance , concentration ability , and cycle and metabolism in a motor vehicle simulator ( double - blind , crossover design ) ] .
Akt Ernahr Mad , 7 , 7 - 14 .
Google Scholar
Kissin , B. , & Gross , M.M. ( 1968 ) .
Drug therapy in alcoholism .
American Journal of Psychiatry , 125 , 31 - 41 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Kokavec , A. , & Crowe , S.F. ( 2003 ) .
Effect on plasma insulin and plasma glucose of consuming white wine alone after a meal .
Alcoholism : Clinical and Experimental Research , 27 , 1718 - 1723 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Korol , D.L. , & Gold , P.E. ( 1998 ) Glucose , memory , and aging .
American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , 67 , 764 - 771 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Lane , J.D. , Stabler , B. , Ross , S.L. , Morris , M.A. , Litton , J.C. , & Surwitt , R.S. ( 1988 ) .
Psychological predictors of glucose control in patients with IDDM .
Diabetes Care , 11 , 798 - 800 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Larsen , R.J. ( 2000 ) .
Toward a science of mood regulation .
Psychological Inquiry , 11 , 129 - 141 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Lazarus , R.S. , & Folkman , S. ( 1984 ) .
Stress , appraisal , and coping .
New York : Springer .
Google Scholar
Lee , P.S. , & Bernicky , G.R. ( 1999 ) .
Effects of blood glucose levels on performance in activities of daily living : A case example of a diabetic man with an acquired brain injury .
Brain Injury , 13 , 381 - 385 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Linnoila , V.M. , & Virkkunen , M. ( 1992 ) .
Aggression , suicidality , and serotonin .
Journal of Clinical Psychiatry , 53 , 46 - 51 .
Google Scholar Medline | ISI
Linnoila , V.M. , Virkkunen , M. , George , T. , & Higley , D. ( 1993 ) .
Impulse control disorders .
International Clinical Psychopharmacology , 8 , 53 - 56 .
Google Scholar
Lund -Anderson , H. ( 1979 ) .
Transport of glucose from blood to brain .
Physiological Review , 59 , 305 - 352 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Lustman , P.J. , Frank , B.L. , & McGill , J.B. ( 1991 ) .
Relationship of personality characteristics to glucose regulation in adults with diabetes .
Psychosomatic Medicine , 53 , 305 - 312 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Lustman , P.J. , Griffith , L.S. , Clouse , R.E. , & Cryer , P.E. ( 1986 ) .
Psychiatric illness in diabetes mellitus : Relationship to symptoms and glucose control .
Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease , 174 , 736 - 742 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Manning , C.A. , Hall , J.L. , & Gold , P.E. ( 1990 ) .
Glucose effects on memory and other neuropsychological tests in elderly humans .
Psychological Science , 1 , 307 - 311 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Marlatt , G.A. , & Gordon , J.R. ( 1985 ) . Relapse prevention .
New York : Guilford .
Google Scholar
Matykiewicz , L. , La Grange , L. , Reyes , E. , Vance , P. , & Wang , M. ( 1997 ) .
Adolescent males , impulsive / aggressive behavior , and alcohol abuse : Biological correlates .
Journal of Child and Adolescent Substance Abuse , 6 , 27 - 37 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Matykiewicz , L. , La Grange , L. , Vance , P. , Mu , M. , & Reyes , E. ( 1997 ) .
Adjudicated adolescent males : Measures of urinary 5 - hydroxyindoleacetic acid and reactive hypoglycemia .
Personality and Individual Differences , 22 , 327 - 332 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Mayberg , H.S. , Brannan , S.K. , Tekell , J.L. , Silva , J.A. , Mahurin , R.K. , McGinnis , S. , et al. ( 2000 ) .
Regional metabolic effects of fluoxetine in major depression : Serial changes and relationship to clinical response .
Biological Psychiatry , 48 , 1830 - 1843 .
Google Scholar
McCrimmon , R.J. , Frier , B.M. , & Deary , I.J. ( 1999 ) .
Appraisal of mood and personality during hypoglycemia in human subjects .
Physiology & Behavior , 67 , 27 - 33 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
McNay , E.C. , Fries , T.M. , & Gold , P.E. ( 2000 ) .
Decreases in rat extracellular hippocampal glucose concentration associated with cognitive demand during a spatial task .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , 97 , 2881 - 2885 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
McNay , E.C. , McCarty , R.C. , & Gold , P.E. ( 2001 ) .
Fluctuations in brain glucose concentration during behavioral testing : Dissociations between brain areas and between brain and blood .
Neurobiology of Learning and Memory , 75 , 325 - 327 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
McRobbie , H. , & Hajek , P. ( 2004 ) .
Effect of glucose on tobacco withdrawal symptoms in recent quitters using bupropion or nicotine replacement .
Human Psychopharmacology : Clinical and Experimental , 19 , 57 - 61 .
Google Scholar
Meijer , A. ( 1984 ) .
Psychiatric problems of children with glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency .
International Journal of Psychiatry in Medicine , 14 , 207 - 214 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Mischel , W. , Shoda , Y. , & Peake , P.K. ( 1988 ) .
The nature of adolescent competencies predicted by preschool delay of gratification .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 54 , 687 - 696 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Moser , L. , Plum , H. , & Buckmann , M. ( 1983 ) Der Einfluß von dextrose auf die psychophysische leistungsfähigkeit des autofahrers [ The influence of dextrose on the psychological efficiency of the driver ] .
Aktuelle Ernaehrungsmedizin , 8 , 247 - 249 .
Google Scholar
Moyer , K.E. ( 1976 ) .
The psychobiology of aggression .
New York : Harper & Row .
Google Scholar
Mueller , P.S. , Heninger , G.R. , McDonal , R.K. ( 1968 ) .
Intravenous glucose tolerance test in depression .
Archives of General Psychiatry , 21 , 470 - 477 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Muraven , M. , & Baumeister , R.F. ( 2000 ) .
Self - regulation and depletion of limited resources :
Does self - control resemble a muscle ?
Psychological Bulletin , 126 , 247 - 259 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Muraven , M. , Collins , R.L. , & Nienhaus , K. ( 2002 ) .
Self - control and alcohol restraint :
An initial application of the Self - Control Strength Model .
Psychology of Addictive Behaviors , 16 , 113 - 120 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Muraven , M. , Collins , R.L. , Shiffman , S. , & Paty , J.A. ( 2005 ) .
Daily fluctuations in self - control demands and alcohol intake .
Psychology of Addictive Behaviors , 19 , 140 - 147 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Muraven , M. , Shmueli , D. , & Burkley , E. ( 2006 ) .
Conserving self - control strength .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 3 , 524 - 537 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Muraven , M. , & Slessareva , E. ( 2003 ) .
Mechanisms of self - control failure : Motivation and limited resources .
Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , 29 , 894 - 906 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Muraven , M. , Tice , D.M. , & Baumeister , R.F. ( 1998 ) .
Self - control as a limited resource : Regulatory depletion patterns .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 74 , 774 - 789 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Murphy , J.M. , Pagano , M.E. , Patton , K. , Hall , S. , Marinaccio , J. , & Kleinman , R. ( 2000 ) .
The Boston Public Schools universal breakfast program : Final evaluation report .
Boston : Massachusetts General Hospital .
Google Scholar
Murphy , J.M. , Wehler , C.A. , Pagano , M.E. , Little , M. , Kleinman , R.F. , & Jellinek , M.S. ( 1998 ) .
Relationship between hunger and psychosocial functioning in low - income American children .
Journal of the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry , 37 , 163 - 170 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Nagornev , S.N. , Bobrovnitsky , I.P. , Ryguin , N.N. , Orlova , T.A. , Dlusskaya , I.G. , Petrova , T.V. , et al. ( 1999 ) .
Informational assets of the glucose tolerance test in evaluation of endurance of psychoemotional stresses .
Aviakosmicheskaya i Ecologicheskaya Meditsina , 33 , 22 - 26 .
Google Scholar Medline
New studies show strong link between diet and behavior .
( 2004 ) .
Retrieved October 17 , 2004 , from http://www.kidscanlearn.net/artcri.htm
Google Scholar
Owens , D.S. , & Benton , D. ( 1994 ) .
The impact of raising blood glucose on reaction times .
Neuropsychobiology , 30 , 106 - 113 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Parker , P.Y. ( 1995 ) .
The influence of blood glucose on the cognitive functioning of young adults .
Doctoral thesis , University of Wales , Swansea .
Google Scholar
Parker , P.Y. , & Benton , D. ( 1995 ) .
Blood glucose levels selectively influences memory for word lists dichotically presently to the right ear .
Neuropsychologia , 33 , 843 - 854 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Peyrot , M.F. , & McMurry , J.F. ( 1992 ) .
Stress buffering and glycemic control .
Diabetes Care , 15 , 842 - 846 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Plant , E.A. , & Devine , P.G. ( 1998 ) .
Internal and external motivation to respond without prejudice .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 75 , 811 - 832 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Pohl , S.L. , Gonder - Frederick , L. , Cox , D.J. ( 1984 ) .
Diabetes mellitus :
An overview .
Behavioral Medicine Update , 6 , 3 - 7 .
Google Scholar
Popkin , M.K. , Callies , A.L. , Lentz , R.D. , Colon , E.A. , & Sutherland , D.E. ( 1988 ) .
Prevalence of major depression , simple phobia , and other psychiatric disorders in patients with long standing type I diabetes mellitus .
Archives of General Psychiatry , 45 , 64 - 68 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline
Powell , E. ( 1936 ) .
The role of the diet in the etiology and treatment of mental disorders resulting from hyperinsulinism .
Tri-State Medical Journal , 8 , 1612 .
Google Scholar
Pramming , S. , Thorsteinsson , B. , Theilgaard , A. , Pinner , E.M. , & Binder , C. ( 1986 ) .
Cognitive function during hypoglycaemia in type I diabetes mellitus .
British Medical Journal , 292 , 647 - 650 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline
Pratt , T.C. , & Cullen , F.T. ( 2000 ) .
The empirical status of Gottfredson and Hirschi 's general theory of crime : A meta-analysis .
Criminology , 38 , 931 - 964 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Rehm , J. , Room , R. , Graham , K. , Monteiro , M. , Gmel , G. & Sempos , C.T. ( 2003 ) .
The relationship of average volume of alcohol consumption and patterns of drinking to burden of disease - an overview .
Addiction , 98 , 1209 - 1228 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Reid , M. , & Hammersley , R. ( 1995 ) Effects of carbohydrate intake on subsequent food intake and mood state .
Physiology and Behavior , 58 , 421 - 427 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Reivich , M. , & Alavi , A. ( 1983 ) Positron emission tomographic studies of local cerebral glucose metabolism in humans in physiological and pathological conditions .
Advances in Metabolic Disorders , 10 , 135 — 176 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline
Richeson , J.A. , & Shelton , J.N. ( 2003 ) .
When prejudice does not pay : Effects of interracial contact on executive function .
Psychological Science , 14 , 287 - 290 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Richeson , J.A. , & Trawalter , S. ( 2005 ) .
Why do interracial interactions impair executive function ?
A resource depletion account .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 88 , 934 - 947 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Richeson , J.A. , Trawalter , S. , & Shelton , J.N. ( 2005 ) . African Americans ' implicit racial attitudes and the depletion of executive function after interracial interactions .
Social Cognition , 23 , 336 - 352 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Rojas , N. , & Ferrer , S.A. ( 1941 ) .
Hypoglycemia in delinquents .
Archivos de Medicina Legal , 11 , 29 - 35 .
Google Scholar
Rojas , N. , & Sanchi , A.F. ( 1941 ) .
Hipoglucemia en delincuentes [ Hypoglycemia in delinquents ] .
Archivos Medicales Legal Identificacion , 11 , 29 .
Google Scholar
Rovet , J.F. , & Ehrlich , R.M. ( 1988 ) .
Effects of temperament on metabolic control in children with diabetes mellitus .
Diabetes Care , 11 , 77 - 82 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Roy , A. , Virkkunen , M. , Guthrie , S. , & Linnoila , M. ( 1986 ) .
Indices of serotonin and glucose metabolism in violent offenders , arsonists and alcoholics .
In J. J. Mann & M. Stanley ( Eds. ) , Psychobiology of suicidal behavior ( pp. 202 - 220 ) .
New York : New York Academy of Sciences .
Google Scholar
Saremi , A. , Hanson , R.L. , Tulloch - Reid , M. , Williams , D.E. , & Knowler , W.C. ( 2004 ) .
Alcohol consumption predicts hypertension but not diabetes .
Journal of Studies on Alcohol , 65 , 184 - 190 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Schmeichel , B.J. , Demaree , H.A. , Robinson , J.L. , & Pu , J. ( in press ) .
Ego depletion by response exaggeration .
Journal of Experimental Social Psychology .
Google Scholar ISI
Schmeichel , B.J. , Vohs , K.D. , & Baumeister , R.F. ( 2003 ) .
Intellectual performance and ego depletion : Role of the self in logical reasoning and other information processing .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 85 , 33 - 46 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Schneiderman , N. , & Skyler , J.S. ( 1995 ) .
Insulin metabolism , sympathetic nervous system regulation , and coronary heart disease prevention .
In K. Orth - Gomer , & N. Schneiderman ( Eds. ) , Behavioral medicine approaches to cardiovascular disease prevention .
Hillsdale , NJ : Lawrence Erlbaum .
Google Scholar
Scholey , A.B. , Harper , S. , & Kennedy .
D. O. ( 2001 ) .
Cognitive demand and blood glucose .
Physiology & Behavior , 73 , 585 - 592 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Scholey , A.B. , & Kennedy , D.O. ( 2004 ) .
Cognitive and physiological effects of an “ energy drink ” :
An evaluation of the whole drink and of glucose , caffeine and herbal flavouring fractions .
Psychopharmacology , 17 , 320 - 330 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Shakur , S. ( 1993 ) .
Monster :
The autobiography of an L.A. gang member .
New York : Atlantic Monthly Press .
Google Scholar
Shiffman , S.M. ( 1982 ) .
Relapse following smoking cessation : A situational analysis .
Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology , 50 , 71 - 86 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Shiffrin , R.M. , & Schneider , W. ( 1977 ) .
Controlled and automatic human information processing : I. Detection , search , and attention .
Psychological Review , 84 , 1 - 66 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Shoda , Y. , Mischel , W. , & Peake , P.K. ( 1990 ) .
Predicting adolescent cognitive and self - regulatory competencies from preschool delay of gratification : Identifying diagnostic conditions .
Developmental Psychology , 26 , 978 - 986 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Siesjo , B.K. ( 1978 ) .
Brain energy metabolism .
Chichester , UK : Wiley .
Google Scholar
Simpson , G.C. , Cox , T. , & Rothschild , D.R. ( 1974 ) .
The effects of noise stress on blood glucose level and skilled performance .
Ergonomics , 17 , 481 - 487 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Smid , H. , Trumper , B. , Pottag , G. , Wagner , K. , Lodmann , R. , Scheich , H. , et al. ( 1997 ) .
Differentiation of hypoglycaemia induced cognitive impairments :
An electrophysiological approach .
Brain ; a Journal of Neurology , 120 , 1041 - 1056 .
Google Scholar
Smith , A.P. , Clarka , R. , & Gallaghera , J. ( 1999 ) .
Breakfast cereal and caffeinated coffee effects on working memory , attention , mood , and cardiovascular function .
Physiology & Behavior , 67 , 9 - 17 .
Google Scholar Medline | ISI
Stucke , T.S. , & Baumeister , R.F. ( 2006 ) .
Ego depletion and aggressive behavior :
Is the inhibition of aggression a limited resource ?
European Journal of Social Psychology , 36 , 1 - 13 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Sünram - Lea , S.I. , Foster , J.K. , Durlach , P. , & Perez , C. ( 2002 ) .
Investigation into the significance of task difficulty and divided allocation of resources on the glucose memory facilitation effect .
Psychopharmacology , 160 , 387 - 397 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Svanborg , P. , Mattila - Evenden , M. , Gustavsson , P.J. , Uvnäs-Moberg , K. , & Åsberg , M. ( 2000 ) .
Associations between plasma glucose and DSM - III -R cluster B personality traits in psychiatric outpatients .
Neuropsychobiology , 41 , 79 - 87 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Swift , C.R. , Seidman , F. , & Stein , H. ( 1967 ) .
Adjustment problems in juvenile diabetes .
Psychosomatic Medicine , 29 , 555 - 571 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Tager , B.N. , & Shelton , E.K. ( 1943 ) .
Personality changes in endocrine disorders ; with a note on `symptomatic hypoglycemia . '
Journal of Clinical Endocrinology , 3 , 239 - 242 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Tangney , J.P. , Baumeister , R.F. , & Boone , A.L. ( 2004 ) .
High self - control predicts good adjustment , less pathology , better grades , and interpersonal success .
Journal of Personality , 72 , 271 - 322 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Taylor , L.A. , & Rachman .
S. J. ( 1988 ) .
The effects of blood sugar level changes on cognitive function , affective state , and somatic symptoms .
Journal of Behavioral Medicine , 11 , 279 - 291 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Tomarken , A.J. , & Keener , A.D. ( 1998 ) .
Frontal brain asymmetry and depression : A self - regulatory perspective .
Cognition and Emotion , 12 , 387 - 420 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Van Cauter , E. , Polonsky , K.S. , & Scheen , A.J. ( 1997 ) .
Roles of circadian and rhythmicity and sleep in human glucose regulation .
Endocrine Reviews , 18 , 716 - 738 .
Google Scholar Medline | ISI
Van den Berg , C.J. ( 1985 ) .
On the relation between energy transformations in the brain and mental activities .
In G. R. J. Hockey , A. W. K. Gaillard , & M. H. G. Coles ( Eds. ) , Energetics and human information processing ( pp. 131 - 138 ) .
Dordrecht , Netherlands : Martinus Nijhoff .
Google Scholar
van Pragg , H.M. , & Leijnse , B. ( 1965 ) .
Depression , glucose tolerance , peripheral glucose uptake and their alterations under the influence of anti-depressive drugs of the hydrazine type .
Psychopharmacologica , 8 , 67 - 78 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Virkkunen , M. ( 1982 ) .
Reactive hypoglycemic tendency among habitually violent offenders .
Neuropsychobiology , 8 , 35 - 50 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Virkkunen , M. ( 1983 ) .
Insulin secretion during the glucose tolerance test in antisocial personality .
British Journal of Psychiatry , 142 , 598 - 604 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Virkkunen , M. ( 1984 ) .
Reactive hypoglycemic tendency among arsonists .
Acta Psychiatrica Scandinavica , 69 , 445 - 452 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Virkkunen , M. ( 1986 ) .
Insulin secretion during the glucose tolerance test among habitually violent and impulsive offenders .
Aggressive Behavior , 12 , 303 - 310 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Virkkunen , M. , DeJong , J. , Bartko , J. , Goodwin , F.K. , & Linnoila , M. ( 1989 ) .
Relationship of psychobiological variables to recidivism in violent offenders and impulsive fire setters : A follow - up study .
Archives of General Psychiatry , 46 , 600 - 603 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline
Virkkunen , M. , & Huttunen , M.O. ( 1982 ) .
Evidence for abnormal glucose tolerance test among violent offenders .
Neuropsychobiology , 8 , 30 - 34 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Virkkunen , M. , Nuutila , A. , Goodwin , F.K. , & Linnoila , M. ( 1987 ) .
Cerebrospinal fluid monoamine metabolites in male arsonists .
Archives of General Psychiatry , 44 , 241 - 247 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline
Vitaliano , P.P. , Scanlan , J.M. , Krenz , C. , & Fujimoto , W. ( 1996 ) .
Insulin and glucose : Relationships with hassles , anger , and hostility in non-diabetic older adults .
Psychosomatic Medicine , 58 , 489 - 499 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Vitaliano , P.P. , Scanlan , J.M. , Krenz , C. , Schwartz , R.S. , & Marcovina , S.M. ( 1996 ) .
Psychological distress , caregiving , and metabolic variables .
Journal of Gerontology : Psychological Sciences , 51 , 290 - 297 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Vohs , K.D. , Baumeister , R.F. , & Ciarocco , N.J. ( 2005 ) .
Self - regulation and self - presentation : Regulatory resource depletion impairs impression management and effortful self - presentation depletes regulatory resources .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 88 , 632 - 657 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Vohs , K.D. , Baumeister , R.F. , Twenge , J.M. , Schmeichel , B.J. , Tice , D.M. , & Crocker , J. ( 2006 ) .
Decision fatigue : Making multiple decisions depletes the self .
Manuscript submitted for publication .
Google Scholar
Vohs , K.D. , & Faber , R.J. ( 2004 ) .
To buy or not to buy ?
Self - control and self - regulatory failure in purchase behavior .
In R. F. Baumeister & K. D. Vohs ( Eds. ) , Handbook of self - regulation : Research , theory , and applications ( pp. 509 - 524 ) .
New York : Guilford .
Google Scholar
Vohs , K.D. , & Heatherton , T.F. ( 2000 ) .
Self - regulatory failure : A resource - depletion approach .
Psychological Science , 11 , 249 - 254 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Volkow , N.D. , Hitzemann , R. , Wolf , A.P. , Logan , J. , Fowler , J.S. , Christman , D. , et al. ( 1990 ) .
Acute effects of ethanol on regional brain glucose metabolism and transport .
Psychiatry Research , 35 , 39 — 48 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Wadden , T.A. , & Letizia , K.A. ( 1992 ) .
Predictors of attrition and weight loss in patients treated by moderate and caloric restriction .
In T. A. Wadden & T. B. VanItallie ( Eds. ) , Treatment of the seriously obese patient ( pp. 383 — 410 ) .
New York : Guilford .
Google Scholar
Wang , G. - J. , Volkow , N.D. , Franceschi , D. , Fowler , J.S. , Thanos , P.K. , Panayotis , K. , et al. ( 2000 ) .
Regional brain metabolism during alcohol intoxication : Alcohol effects on the fetus , brain , liver , and other organ systems .
Alcoholism : Clinical & Experimental Research , 24 , 822 - 829 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Wannamethee , S.G. , Shaper , A.G. , Perry , I.J. , & Alberti , K.G.M.M. ( 2002 ) .
Alcohol consumption and incidence of type II diabetes .
Journal of Epidemiology & Community Health , 56 , 542 - 548 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Wegner , D.M. , & Pennebaker , J.W. ( 1993 ) .
Changing our minds :
An introduction to mental control .
In D. M. Wegner & J. W. Pennebaker ( Eds. ) , Handbook of mental control ( pp. 1 — 12 ) .
Englewood Cliffs , NJ : Prentice Hall .
Google Scholar
Weiss , V. ( 1986 ) .
From memory span to the quantum mechanics of intelligence .
Personality and Individual Differences , 7 , 737 — 749 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Wells , K.B. , Golding , J.M. , & Burnam , M.A. ( 1989 ) .
Affective substance use , and anxiety disorders in persons with arthritis , diabetes , heart disease , high blood pressure , or chronic lung conditions .
General Hospital Psychiatry , 11 , 320 - 327 .
Google Scholar
Wesnes , K.A. , Pincock , C. , Richardson , D. , Helm , O. & Hails , S. ( 2003 ) .
Breakfast reduces declines in attention and memory over the morning in schoolchildren .
Appetite , 41 , 329 - 331 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
West , R. ( 2001 ) .
Glucose for smoking cessation :
Does it have a role ?
CNS Drags , 15 , 261 - 265 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
West , R. , & Willis , N. ( 1998 ) Double - blind placebo controlled trial of dextrose tablets and nicotine patch in smoking cessation .
Psychopharmacology , 136 , 201 - 204 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
West , R. , Courts , S. , Beharry , S. , May , S. , & Hajek , P. ( 1999 ) .
Acute effect of glucose tablets on desire to smoke .
Psychopharmacology , 147 , 319 - 321 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Wevers , M.E. ( 1988 ) .
The role of postcessation factors in tobacco abstinence : Stressful events and coping responses .
Addictive Behaviors , 13 , 297 - 302 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Wilder , J. ( 1940 ) .
Problems of criminal psychology related to hypoglycemic states .
Journal of Criminology and Psychopathology , 1 , 219 .
Google Scholar
Wilder , J. ( 1947 ) .
Sugar metabolism and its relation to criminology .
In S. Linder & B. J. Selinger ( Eds. ) , Handbook of correctional psychology .
New York : Philosophical Library .
Google Scholar
Wilson , D.R. ( 1951 ) .
Electroencephalographic studies in diabetes mellitus .
Canadian Medical Association Journal , 65 , 462 - 465 .
Google Scholar Medline | ISI
Wing , R.R. , Blair , E.H. , Epstein , L.H. , & McDermott , M.D. ( 1990 ) .
Psychological stress and glucose metabolism in obese and normal - weight subjects : A possible mechanism for differences in stress - induced eating .
Health Psychology , 9 , 693 - 700 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Wing , R.R. , Epstein , L.H. , Blair , E. , & Nowalk , M.P. ( 1985 ) .
Psychologic stress and blood glucose levels in nondiabetic subjects .
Psychosomatic Medicine , 47 , 558 - 564 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Wolfgang , M.E. , & Ferracuti , F. ( 1967 ) .
The subculture of violence : Towards an integrated theory in criminology .
London : Tavistock .
Google Scholar
Wredling , R.A.M. , Theorell , P.G.T. , Roll , M.H. , Lins , P.E.S. , & Adamson , U.K.C. ( 1992 ) .
Psychosocial state of patients with IDDM prone to recurrent episodes of severe hypoglycemia .
Diabetes Care , 75 , 518 - 521 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Wright , J.S. ( 1977 ) .
The psychology and personality of addicts .
Adolescence , 12 , 399 - 403 .
Google Scholar Medline
Wu , J. , Buchsbaum , M.S. , Gillin , J.C. , Tang , C. , Cadwell , S. , Wiegand , M. , et al. ( 1999 ) .
Prediction of antidepressant effects of sleep deprivation by metabolic rates in the ventral anterior cingulated and medial prefrontal cortex .
American Journal of Psychiatry , 156 , 1149 - 1158 .
Google Scholar Medline | ISI
Wu , J.C. , Gillin , J.C. , Buchsbaum , M.S. , Hershey , T. , Hazlett , E. , Sicotte , N. , et al. ( 1991 ) .
The effect of sleep deprivation on cerebral glucose metabolic rate in normal humans assessed with positron emission tomography .
Sleep : Journal of Sleep Research & Sleep Medicine , 14 , 155 - 162 .
Google Scholar
Yaryura - Tobias , J.A. , & Neziroglu , F.A. ( 1975 ) .
Violent behavior , brain dysrhythmia , and glucose dysfunction : A new syndrome .
Journal of Orthomolecular Psychiatry , 4 , 182 - 188 .
Google Scholar
Zhao , Y. , & Liu , F. ( 1999 ) .
Cognitive function induced by diabetes and relevant studies .
Chinese Mental Health Journal , 13 , 314 - 316 .
Google Scholar
Echoes of " Madame Bovary " in the American suburbs .
Sarah 's in a loveless marriage to an advertising executive , long days with her young daughter at the park and the pool , wanting more .
Brad is an immature househusband , married to a flinty documentary filmmaker .
Ronnie is just out of prison - two years for indecent exposure to a minor - living with his elderly mother , May ; Larry is a retired cop , fixated on driving Ronnie away .
Sarah and Brad connect , a respite of adult companionship at the pool .
Ronnie and Larry have their demons .
Brad should be studying for the bar ; Larry misses his job ; Ronnie 's mom thinks he needs a girlfriend .
Sarah longs to refuse to be trapped in an unhappy life .
Where can these tangled paths lead ?
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
Phorm is a controversial system of internet advertising
UK internet service provider TalkTalk has pulled the plug on its agreement with online behaviour tracking firm Phorm .
It follows news earlier in the week that BT had no immediate plans to use the service .
Phorm has developed technology which collects information on web use in order to better target adverts but it has proved extremely controversial .
The loss of its key partners saw Phorm 's shares tumble by more than 50 % .
Phorm said that TalkTalk , the second biggest broadband provider in the UK behind BT , had ended its agreement with the firm .
TalkTalk 's plans were not as advanced as BT which had undertaken three trials of the technology .
" The directors note that this relationship had not extended to any form of trial in contrast to BT and some international internet service providers , " a statement from Phorm read .
It also noted that " privacy was not a factor " in BT 's decision to pull the plug on the technology .
Virgin Media , which also expressed interest in the system , was still reviewing it , according to Phorm .
Phorm is currently trialling its software with South Korea 's largest ISP and is in discussion about the use of the technology with ISPs in 15 other countries .
Shares in Phorm slumped a farther 13 % following the announcement .
Why a firm wants staff with autism
By Jane Dreaper
Health correspondent , BBC News
Lego is used to test skills A computer company in Denmark which has made huge strides in employing workers with autism is expecting to begin work in the UK soon .
Specialisterne was started by a Danish man whose own son has autism .
Thorkil Sonne now employs more than 40 people with autism .
He is finalising plans to set up a branch in Glasgow in the coming months .
He hopes to hire 50 workers in the first three years of operating in Scotland .
Autism affects about 1 % of the population across Europe .
According to the National Autistic Society ( NAS ) , people with the condition say a job is the one thing that would really improve their lives .
And yet a survey by Autism Europe shows 62 % of adults with autism do not have any work at all .
Difficulties I visited Specialisterne and met Soeren Ljunghan , 42 .
He has a form of autism called Asperger 's Syndrome .
It gives him focus and persistence - traits which have helped him become a champion weight - lifter .
But autistic people find social interaction and unpredictability difficult .
Soeren endured a spell of unemployment .
He said : " It was a living hell .
" I kept going to job interviews but coming second and wondering why I was n't chosen .
" It was very stressful .
I began to question whether I would work again . "
People come to me who've had difficulties in the labour market and got depressed .
They 're like computers that need re-booting
Thorkil Sonne At Specialisterne , Soeren works 25 hours a week testing software .
He said : " I like the work because I know what to expect from each day . "
The company 's founder , Thorkil Sonne , recognises his staff with autism need a quiet environment and fixed routines .
Given the right conditions , they excel at technical tasks .
Robots and Lego models are used to test their skills .
Thorkil Sonne said : " People come to me who've had difficulties in the labour market and got depressed .
" They 're like computers that need re-booting .
" I see them grow in self - esteem .
" It 's the most motivating part of my work and a magical moment for me , as the father of a boy with autism . "
Thorkil 's son Lars was diagnosed at the age of three .
He is now 12 .
Fulfilling lives
Thorkil told me : " I read up about the condition - but there were too many books describing what people can't do .
" And yet my staff are able to go and work at the premises of our customers .
" I 'm so proud .
I did n't think that would be possible when I started the company five years ago . "
The experience in Denmark shows autistic workers are an untapped resource .
Politicians in the UK are developing plans to help adults with autism lead more fulfilling lives .
Special strategies have been published in Wales and Northern Ireland .
A bill that will provide the first specific legislation on autism for England is making its way through Parliament at the moment , with good cross -party support .
It will lead to formal guidance for local authorities and the NHS about how to help adults with autism .
Charities say this cannot come soon enough .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I came across this a while back , unfortunately I did not make note of the source .
It ’s come in handy a few times .
Manufactor Product Revision Protocol User ID Password Access comment
3COM SuperStack II Switch Console ( none ) ( none ) Admin
3COM SuperStack III Switch 4XXX Multi recovery recovery Reset
3COM SuperStack III Switch 4XXX Multi monitor monitor User
3COM SuperStack III Switch 4XXX Multi manager manager Admin
3COM SuperStack III Switch 4XXX Multi admin ( none ) Admin
3Com SuperStack II Switch 3300 - manager manager
3Com SuperStack II Switch 2700 - tech tech
3Com SuperStack II Switch 2200 - debug synnet
3Com SuperStack II Switch 1100 - security security
3Com SuperStack II Switch 1100 - manager manager
3Com SuperStack / CoreBuilder - admin ( none )
3COM SuperStack II Switch 1100/3300
Telnet security security Admin
3 Com Switch 3000/3300 - admin admin
3COM SuperStack II Switch 1100/3300
Telnet monitor monitor Monitor
3COM SuperStack II Switch 1100/3300
Telnet manager manager Manager
3COM SuperStack II Switch 2200
Telnet debug synnet
3COM SuperStack II Switch 1100 /3300 Telnet admin ( none ) Admin
3COM SuperStack II Switch 1100/3300 Console 3 comcso RIP000 initialize
3 com Superstack II Dual Speed 500 - security security
3COM 3c16405 Console Adminstrator ( none ) Admin
3Com SuperStack 3 Switch 3300 XM - admin ( none )
3Com SuperStack / CoreBuilder - read ( none )
3COM SuperStack II Switch 2700
Telnet tech tech
3COM Telnet read synnet
3 com 3 comCellPlex7000 - tech tech
3COM AccessBuilder 7000 BRI SNMP SNMPRead public User
3COM AccessBuilder 7000 BRI SNMP SNMPWrite private Admin
3Com AccessBuilderÐ ¾ 7000 BRI
Any ( none ) ( none )
3COM AirConnect Access 01.50-01 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
3COM AirConnect Access Multi ( none ) comcomcom Admin
3Com AirConnect Access Point n/a ( none ) comcomcom
3COM AirConnect Access Point 01.50-01 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
3 com Cable Managment System SQL Database ( DOSCIC DHCP ) Win2000 & MS DOCSIS_APP 3com Admin
3COM SuperStack III Switch 3300 XM
Telnet security security Admin
3COM Telnet security security
3COM Switch 3300 XM
Multi admin admin Admin
3COM Telnet monitor monitor
3COM Telnet manager manager
3COM Telnet admin synnet
3COM Telnet adm ( none )
3COM Wireless AP Any Multi admin comcomcom Admin
3 Com Switch 3000/3300 - security security
3 Com Switch 3000/3300 - monitor monitor
3 Com Switch 3000/3300 - manager manager
3 com Switch 3000/3300 - Admin 3com
3Com SuperStack / CoreBuilder - write ( none )
3COM Telnet write synnet
3COM LinkSwitch 2000/2700
Telnet tech tech
3COM CoreBuilder 7000/6000/3500/2500
Telnet tech tech
3 com Super Stack 2 Switch
Any manager manager
3Com HiPer ARC Card v4.1.x of HA adm none
3 com Superstack II 3300FX - admin ( none )
3COM Home Connect Multi Home User Admin
3 com Home Connect - User Password
3COM LANplex 2500
Telnet debug synnet
3COM LANplex 2500
Telnet tech tech
3COM LANplex 2500 Telnet tech ( none ) admin
3COM CoreBuilder 7000/6000/3500/2500 SNMP
SNMPWrite private Admin
3Com Linkbuilder 3500 - administer administer
3Com CoreBuilder 6000 debug tech
3Com LinkSwitch and CellPlex - debug synnet
3Com LinkSwitch and CellPlex - tech tech
3Com NAC ( Network Access Card ) - adm none
3 com NBX100 2.8 administrator 0
3COM NBX100 2.8
Telnet root administrator 0000
3COM NetBuilder Multi admin ( none ) Admin
3COM CellPlex 7000 Telnet admin admin Admin
3COM CellPlex 7000 Telnet admin ( none ) Admin
3COM NetBuilder SNMP ( none ) ANYCOM snmp - read SNMP disabled by default
3Com - 1.25 root letmein
3COM LinkBuilder Telnet tech tech Admin
3COM NetBuilder SNMP ( none ) ANYCOM SNMP disabled by default
3COM Office Connect 5x1 Multi ustheralastruey ( none ) Admin
3COM Office Connect 812 Multi root !root Admin
3COM Office Connect 812 ADSL
Multi adminttd adminttd Admin
3 Com Office Connect Remote 812 - root !root
3Com OfficeConnect 5x1 at least 5.x ( none ) PASSWORD
3Com OfficeConnect 5x1 at least 5.x estheralastruey ( none )
3COM HiPerARC v4.1.x
Telnet adm ( none ) Admin
3 com OfficeConnect 812 ADSL
Multi adminttd adminttd Admin
3COM CoreBuilder 7000/6000/3500/2500 SNMP SNMPRead public User
3COM Office Connect ISDN Routers 5x0 Telnet ( none ) PASSWORD Admin
3COM NetBuilder SNMP ( none ) ANYCOM snmp-read
3COM NetBuilder SNMP ( none ) admin SNMP_READ SNMP disabled by default
3COM NetBuilder SNMP ( none ) ILMI snmp - read SNMP disabled by default
3COM CellPlex 7000 HTTP admin admin User
3COM CellPlex 7000 Telnet ( none ) ( none ) Admin
3COM CellPlex 7000 Multi operator ( none ) Admin
3COM CellPlex 7000 Telnet root ( none ) Admin
3COM CellPlex 7000 Telnet tech tech Admin
3COM CellPlex 7000 Telnet tech ( none ) Admin
3COM CoreBuilder 7000/6000/3500/2500
Telnet debug synnet
3COM CoreBuilder 7000 Telnet operator admin Admin
3COM OCR - 812 - root !root
3 -COM - 1.25 root letmein
3M Volition Fibre Switches VOL - 0215 etc. SNMP volition volition Admin
ACC Routers Multi netman netman
ACC Congo / Amazon / Tigris All Multi netman netman
Acc / Newbridge Congo / Amazon / Tigris
All versions netman netman
Accelerated Networks DSL CPE and DSLAM
Telnet sysadm anicust
Acer AcerInc 1997 V55 BIOS V15 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Acer Phoenix Multi n/a ( none ) Admin
Acer 517te Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Adaptec Storage Manager PRO all Multi Administrator adaptec Admin
Adaptec RAID Storage Manager Pro All Administrator adaptec
ADC Kentrox Pacesetter Router Telnet ( none ) secret
ADP ADP Payroll HR Database All Versions Multi sysadmin master Admin
Adtran TSU 120 e ( none ) ADTRAN Admin
Adtran MX2800 Telnet ( none ) adtran
Adtran TSU 600 Ethernet module All 18364 ( none ) Admin
Advanced Integration PC BIOS Console ( none ) Advance Admin
Aironet All - ( none ) ( none )
Aironet Standard Equipment (? ) ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Alcatel OmniStack / OmniSwitch Telnet / Console diag switch Admin
Alcatel VPN Gateway 15xx / 45xx / 7xxx root permit Admin
Alcatel PBX
Port 2533 dhs3 pms dhs3 pms unknown
alcatel speed touch home - ( none ) ( none )
Alcatel PBX
Port 2533 root letacia unknown
Alcatel PBX
Port 2533 mtcl mtcl unknown
Alcatel PBX
Port 2533 mtch mtch unknown
Alcatel PBX
Port 2533 kermit kermit unknown
Alcatel PBX
Port 2533 install llatsni unknown
Alcatel PBX
Port 2533 halt tlah unknown
Alcatel Speedtouch 500 series Telnet ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Alcatel 1000 ANT Win98 ( none ) ( none )
Alcatel PBX Port 2533 at4400 at4400 unknown
alcatel - - ( none ) ( none )
Alcatel PBX
Port 2533 dhs3mt dhs3mt unknown
Alcatel Office 4200 Multi ( none ) 1064 Admin
Alcatel OmniStack 6024 Telnet admin switch Admin
Alcatel PBX
Port 2533 adfexc adfexc unknown
Alcatel PBX
Port 2533 client client unknown
Alcatel / Newbridge / Timestep VPN Gateway 15xx/45xx/7xxx
Any root permit
Allied CJ8MO E- U Telnet ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Allied Telesyn Multi manager friend Admin
Allied Telesyn Multi secoff secoff Admin
Allied Telesyn AT - 8024 ( GB ) Telnet ( none ) admin Admin
Allied Telesyn AT - 8024 ( GB ) Console ( none ) admin Admin
Allied Telesyn Generic Switch / Router Multi manager friend Admin
Allied Telesyn R130 manager friend Admin
Allied Telesyn AT - 8124XL 1.0.3 Multi admin ( none ) Admin
Allied Telesyn All Routers Any Manager Friend
Allied Telesyn All Telnet manager friend Admin
Allied Telesyn AT - 8326G Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Allied Telesyn AT - 8024 ( GB ) HTTP manager admin Admin
ALLNET ALL129DSL admin admin Admin
ALLNET T-DSL Modem v1.51 HTTP admin admin Admin
Alteon ACEswitch 180e HTTP admin linga Admin
Alteon Web Systems 5.2 SNMP SNMPWrite public Admin
Alteon Web Systems 5.2 Telnet ( none ) 14admin Admin
Alteon Web Systems 5.2 Telnet ( none ) admin Admin
Alteon ACEswitch 180e HTTP admin admin Admin
Alteon ACEswitch 180e Telnet admin ( none ) Admin
Alteon ACEswitch 180e Telnet admin ( none )
Alteon ACEswitch 180e Telnet admin ( none )
Alteon ACEDirector3 console admin ( none ) Admin
Alteon ACEswitch 180e HTTP admin admin Admin
Alteon Web Systems
All hardware releases Web OS 5.2 none admin
AMBIT ADSL
Telnet root ( none ) Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) A.M.I Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) AMI Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) AMIPSWD Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) AMI ?
SW Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) AMI_SW Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) HEWITT RAND Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) CMOSPWD Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) BIOSPASS Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) AMISETUP Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) amipswd Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) AM Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) AMIAMI Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) AMI ~ Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) AMI.KEZ Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) AMI.KEY Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) aammii Admin
AMI AT 49 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) AMIDECOD Admin
AMI PC BIOS Console ( none ) AMI !SW Admin
Amptron PC BIOS Console ( none ) Polrty Admin
Apache Project Apache " jj " script HTTP ( none ) SDGROCKS User
Apache Project N/ A Apache HTTP jj ( none ) User
APC Powerchute Plus 4.x for Netware 3.x/4.x Console POWERCHUTE APC Admin
APC Share - UPS AP9207 Console ( none ) serial number of the Share - UPS Admin
APC SNMP Adapter 2.x apc apc
APC Web / SNMP Management Card AP9606 Multi apc apc Admin
APC Any Firmware Pri apcuser apc
APC Standard Equipment (? )
Firmware Console apcuser apc Admin
APC MasterSwitches - apc apc
APC Call - UPS AP9608 Console ( none ) serial number of the Call - UPS Admin ( Access menu Control + P )
APC MasterSwitch AP9210 apc apc Admin
Apple Airport 1.1 ( none ) public User
Apple Network Assistant 3.X ( none ) xyzzy Admin
Armenia Forum Multi admin admin Admin
Arrowpoint any ?
- admin system
Asante IntraSwitch Multi IntraSwitch Asante Admin
Ascend Sahara Multi root ascend Admin
Ascend Yurie Multi readonly lucenttech2 Read
Ascend Router Telnet ( none ) ascend Admin
Ascend Pipeline Terminal Server answer ( none ) Admin
Ascend Yurie Multi readwrite lucenttech1 Admin
BEA WebLogic Process Integrator 2 wlpisystem wlpisystem Admin
BEA WebLogic HTTPS system weblogic Admin
BEA Weblogic 5.1 system weblogic
BEA WebLogic Process Integrator 2 admin security Admin
BEA WebLogic Process Integrator 2 joe password User
BEA WebLogic Process Integrator 2 mary password User
BEA WebLogic Process Integrator 2 system security Admin
Beck IPC@Chip HTTP anonymous ( none ) User
Beck IPC@Chip HTTP ftp ( none ) User
Beck IPC@Chip HTTP tel ( none ) User
Belkin F5D6130 SNMP ( none ) MiniAP Admin
Bintec all Routers
Any admin bintec
Bintec Bianca / Brick XM - 51 SNMP ( none ) snmp - Trap read / write
Bintec Bianka Routers Multi admin bintec Admin
BioData all Babylon Boxes ( none ) Babylon Admin
Biodata BIGfire & BIGfire + all ( none ) biodata
Biostar PC BIOS Console ( none ) Q54arwms Admin
Biostar PC BIOS Console ( none ) Biostar Admin
BizDesign ImageFolio Pro 2.2 HTTP Admin ImageFolio Admin
Black Box Terminal Server LES2700A Series Ports 2001 - 2016 ) ( none ) SYSTEM Admin
Black Box terminal server / telnet auf ports 2001 - 2016 LES2700A - 16 , LES2700A - 32 and LES2700A - 422 ( none ) SYSTEM ( admin rights )
BMC Patrol 6 Multi patrol patrol User
Borland InterBase SYSDBA masterkey Admin
Borland Interbase
Any politcally correct Admin
Borland / Inprise Interbase any SYSDBA masterkey
Boston router simulator 3.66 HTTP admin admin User
Boston router simulator 3.66 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Boston router simulator 3.66 Multi ( none ) admin Admin
Boston router simulator s/w Console ( none ) admin Admin
Breezecom Breezecom Adapters 4.x ( none ) Super Admin
BreezeCOM Station Adapter and Access Point 2.x ( none ) laflaf
BreezeCOM Station Adapter and Access Point 4.x ( none ) Super
Breezecom Breezecom Adapters 3.x ( none ) Master Admin
Breezecom Breezecom Adapters 2.x ( none ) laflaf Admin
BreezeCom AP10 , SA10 BreezeNET PR ( none ) ( none )
BreezeCOM - 3.x ( none ) Master
Breezecom Breezecom Adapters 4.4.x ( none ) Helpdesk Admin
Brocade Fiberchannel Switches Multi admin password Admin
Brocade Silkworm Multi admin password Admin
Brother HL - 1270n Telnet ( none ) access Admin
Brother NC - 3100h ( none ) access network board access
Brother NC - 3100h Telnet ( none ) access Admin
Brother NC - 4100h ( none ) access network board access
Brother NC - 4100h Telnet ( none ) access Admin
Buffalo / MELCO
AirStation WLA - L11 root ( cannot be changed ) ( none ) Admin
Cabletron Netgear modem / router and SSR netman ( none ) Admin
Cabletron routers & switches ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Cabletron NB Series ( none ) inuvik49 Admin
Cabletron any any ( none ) ( none )
Cabletron / Enterasys WebView for Matrix E1 ( 1G694 -13 or 1G582-09 or 1H582-51 ) switch HTTP ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Cayman 3220 - H DSL Router GatorSurf 5 . Any ( none )
Cayman Cayman DSL 3220 - H } ( none ) Admin
Cayman Cayman DSL ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Celerity Mediator Multi Multi mediator mediator User
Celerity Mediator Multi root Mau'dib Admin
Cellit CCPro Multi cellit cellit Admin
CGI World Poll
It v2.0 HTTP ( none ) protection User / Admin
Chase Research Iolan + - ( none ) iolan
Chase Research IoLan + ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Checkpoint SecurePlatform NG FP3 Console admin admin Admin
Chuming Chen NessusWeb HTTP administrator adminpass Administrator
Cisco 7206 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Cisco aironet Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Cisco 2503 - ( none ) ( none )
cisco 3600 12 bumhole sniffer
cisco - 12 turd burgular
Cisco 1600 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Cisco 1900 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Cisco 2500 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Cisco 2501 Telnet ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Cisco 3600 Telnet ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Cisco Netranger / secure IDS Multi netrangr attack
Cisco IOS 2600 series Multi ( none ) c but these are common misconfigurations
Cisco IOS 11.x - 12.x SNMP ( none ) ILMI limited READ / WRITE
Cisco IOS 12 .1(3 ) SNMP ( none ) cable - docsis SNMP read - write
Cisco IOS Multi ( none ) c Admin but these are common misconfigurations
Cisco IOS SNMP private ReadWrite access secret Read / Write
Cisco IOS SNMP public ReadOnly access secret Read
Cisco IOS Multi ripeop ( no pw )
Cisco IP Phone 7960 ( none ) cisco Admin
Cisco MGX superuser superuser Admin
Cisco microRouter 900i Console / Multi ( none ) letmein Admin
Cisco IOS 12 .1(3 ) SNMP ( none ) cable - docsis SNMP read - write might run on many Ciscos
Cisco Net Ranger 2.2.1
Sol 5.6 root attack
Cisco Router 1 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Cisco Netranger / secure IDS 3.0 ( 5 ) S17
Multi root attack Admin
Cisco Network Registar 3.0 ADMIN changeme Admin
Cisco PIX Telnet ( none ) cisco UID = pix
Cisco pix Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Cisco pix 501 Multi ( none ) admin Admin
Cisco PIX firewall Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Cisco PIX firewall Console ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Cisco routers
Not sure ...j ( none ) san-fran
Cisco VPN Concentrator 3000 series 3 Multi admin admin Admin
cisco xxxx 12 rob 's knob
CISCO N/A N/A pixadmin pixadmin
Cisco BBSD MSDE Client 5.0 and 5.1 Telnet or Named Pipes bbsd - client NULL database
Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator - admin admin
Cisco IOS Multi ( none ) Cisco router
Cisco 3500 xl Console admin ( none ) Admin
Cisco Any Router and Switch 10 thru 12 cisco cisco
Cisco any aany IOS no default login no default password
CISCO arrowpoint - ( none ) ( none )
Cisco BBSM 5.0 and 5.1 Telnet or Named Pipes bbsd - client changeme2 database
Cisco BBSM Administrator 5.0 and 5.1 Multi Administrator changeme Admin
Cisco BBSM MSDE Administrator 5.0 and 5.1 IP and Named Pipes sa ( none ) Admin
Cisco Cache Engine Console admin diamond Admin
Cisco Catalyst 4000/5000/6000 All SNMP ( none ) public / private / secret RO / RW / RW + change SNMP config
Cisco CiscoWorks 2000 admin cisco Admin
Cisco IOS
Multi enable cisco IOS technically has no default pw
Cisco CiscoWorks 2000 guest ( none ) User
Cisco CNR
All CNR GUI admin changeme Admin
Cisco ConfigMaker cmaker cmaker Admin
Cisco ConfigMaker
Software any ?
( none ) cmaker
Cisco Content Engine Telnet admin default Admin
cisco cva 122 Telnet admin admin Admin
Cisco IOS Multi ( none ) cisco
Cisco Hot Standby Routing Protocol HSRP ( none ) cisco Admin
Cisco IOS Multi ( none ) cc
Cisco IDS ( netranger ) - root attack
Cisco IOS Multi cisco cisco
Cisco CiscoWorks 2000 guest ( none ) User
Cisco - Arrowpoint Arrowpoint admin system Admin
CMOS BIOS - - ( none ) ESSEX or IPC
Cobalt RaQ * Qube *
Any admin admin
Com21 General Equipment ( ? ) ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Comersus Shopping Cart 3.2 HTTP admin dmr99 Admin
Comersus Shopping Cart 3.2 Win 95/98/NT admin dmr99
Compaq PC BIOS Console ( none ) Compaq Admin
Compaq PC BIOS Console ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Compaq Notebook Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Compaq Management Agents
All administrator none Admin
Compaq Insight Manager operator operator Admin
Compaq iPAQ CP - 2w Multi admin ( none ) Admin
Compaq Armada M700 Console Administrator admin Guest
Compaq Insight Manager user user User
Compaq Insight Manager user public User
Compaq Insight Manager PFCUser 240653C9467E45
User
Compaq Insight Manager administrator administrator Admin
Compaq Insight Manager Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Compaq Evo N610c Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Compaq armada m700 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Compaq Armada M700 Console Administrator admin Admin
Compaq Armada E500 pp2060 Multi Administrator admin Admin
Compaq Insight Manager anonymous ( none ) User
Compaq dc770t Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Compualynx Cmail Server All Versions Multi administrator asecret Admin
Compualynx Cproxy Server All Versions Multi administrator asecret Admin
Compualynx SCM All Versions Multi administrator asecret Admin
Computer Associates ControlIT ControlIT DEFAULT default Desktop / console access
Concord PC BIOS ( none ) last Admin
Copper Mountain General Equipment ( ? ) ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Coyote - Point Equaliser 4 Free BSD HTTP touch touch Admin
Coyote - Point Equaliser 4 Free BSD Serial root ( none ) Admin
Coyote - Point Equaliser 4 Free BSD Serial eqadmin equalizer Admin
Coyote - Point Equaliser 4 Free BSD HTTP look look User
Crystalview OutsideView 32 ( none ) Crystal Admin
CTX International PC BIOS Console ( none ) CTX_123 Admin
Cyberguard all firewalls all console + passport1 cgadmin cgadmin Admin
CyberMax PC BIOS Console ( none ) Congress Admin
Cyclades Cyclades - TS800 TS800 telnet / ssh/web root ( none ) Admin
Cyclades Cyclades - TS800 TS800 web root tslinux Admin
Cyclades MP / RT super surt Admin
Cyclades PR - 1000 super surt Admin
Daewoo PC BIOS Console ( none ) Daewuu Admin
Dallas Semiconductors TINI embedded JAVA Module <= 1.0 Telnet root tini Admin
Data General AOS / VS Multi op operator Admin
Data General AOS / VS Multi operator operator Admin
Data General AOS / VS Multi op op Admin
Datacom BSASX /101 ( none ) letmein Admin
Datacom NSBrowse Multi sysadm sysadm Admin
Datawizard.net FTPXQ server FTP anonymous any@ read / write on c:\
Davox Unison Sybase sa ( none ) Admin
Davox Unison Multi admin admin User
Davox Unison Multi davox davox
User
Davox Unison Multi root davox Admin
Daytek PC BIOS Console ( none ) Daytec Admin
Debian Linux LILO Default 2.2 Console ( none ) tatercounter2000 Admin
decnet decnet Multi operator admin Guest
Deerfield MDaemon HTTP MDaemon MServer Admin
Dell PC BIOS Console ( none ) Dell Admin
Dell latitude Multi operator ( none ) Admin
Dell latitude c610 a07 Multi admin admin Admin
Dell Latitude CPx Bios ( none ) Config Config
Dell notebook Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Dell OpenManage Server Console Console root calvin Admin
Dell PHOENIX A16 Console Administrator admin Admin
Dell PowerApp Web 100 Linux RedHat 6.2 HTTP root powerapp Admin
Dell PowerVault 35 F Multi root calvin Admin
Dell PowerVault 50 F WindRiver ( E root calvin
Dell LATITUDE D35B Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Dell TrueMobile 1184 Wireless Broadband Gateway Router unknown HTTP admin admin Admin
dell inspiron Multi ( none ) admin Admin
Dell PowerVault 50 F Multi root calvin Admin
Dell Cpi D300XT
Multi Administrator admin Admin
Dell bios d35 b Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Dell Latitude Bios D35B Multi ( none ) 1RRWTTOOI Admin
Dell c600 595 b Multi ( none ) ( none ) User
Dell latitude a 01 Multi ( none ) admin Admin
Dell cpx h500gt Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Dell cpx500 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Dell dell latitude cpi r21d0 Multi Administrator ( none ) Admin
Dell dell latitude cpx Multi admin admin User
Dell inspiron Multi admin admin Admin
Dell bios d35 b Multi ( none ) admin Admin
Dell latitude A21 HTTP Administrator ( none ) Admin
Dell CSr500xt Multi ( none ) admin Admin
Demarc Network Monitor multi admin my_DEMARC
Admin
Deutsche Telekom T - Sinus 130 DSL 1.04 HTTP ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Develcon Orbitor Default Console ( none ) BRIDGE Admin
Develcon Orbitor Default Console ( none ) password Admin
Dictaphone ProLog NETOP ( none )
Dictaphone ProLog NETWORK NETWORK
Dictaphone ProLog PBX PBX
Digiboard Portserver 8 & 16 any root dbps Admin
Digicorp Viper Telnet ( none ) BRIDGE Admin
Digicorp Viper Telnet ( none ) password Admin
Digicraft Software Yak !
2.0.1 FTP Yak asd123 Default port is 3535 .
Digital DEC - 10 Multi 2 maintain Admin
Digital Equipment VMS Multi INFO INFO
Digital Equipment VMS Multi NETWORK NETWORK
Digital Equipment VMS Multi NETSERVER NETSERVER
Digital Equipment VMS Multi NETPRIV NETPRIV
Digital Equipment VMS Multi NETNONPRIV NETNONPRIV
Digital Equipment VMS Multi NETMGR NETMGR
Digital Equipment VMS Multi NETCON NETCON
Digital Equipment VMS Multi MBWATCH MBWATCH
Digital Equipment VMS Multi MBMANAGER MBMANAGER
Digital Equipment VMS Multi MAILER MAILER
Digital Equipment VMS Multi INGRES INGRES
Digital Equipment VMS Multi OPERVAX OPERVAX
Digital Equipment VMS Multi HOST HOST
Digital Equipment VMS Multi HELPDESK HELPDESK
Digital Equipment VMS Multi VAX VAX
Digital Equipment VMS Multi HELP HELP
Digital Equipment VMS Multi VMS VMS
Digital Equipment VMS Multi GUEST GUEST
Digital Equipment VMS Multi FIELD DIGITAL
Digital Equipment VMS Multi FIELD TEST
Digital Equipment VMS Multi FIELD SERVICE
Digital Equipment VMS Multi FIELD FIELD
Digital Equipment VMS Multi LINK LINK
Digital Equipment VMS Multi SYSTEM SYSTEM
Digital Equipment VMS Multi DEMO DEMO
Digital Equipment VMS Multi USERP USERP
Digital Equipment VMS Multi USER PASSWORD
Digital Equipment VMS Multi UETP UETP
Digital Equipment VMS Multi TEST TEST
Digital Equipment VMS Multi TELEDEMO TELEDEMO
Digital Equipment VMS Multi SYSTEST_CLIG
SYSTEST
Digital Equipment VMS Multi SYSTEST_CLIG
SYSTEST_CLIG
Digital Equipment VMS Multi SYSTEST UETP
Digital Equipment VMS Multi SYSTEM SYSLIB
Digital Equipment VMS Multi NEWINGRES NEWINGRES
Digital Equipment VMS Multi SYSTEM MANAGER
Digital Equipment VMS Multi NEWS NEWS
Digital Equipment VMS Multi SYSMAINT DIGITAL
Digital Equipment VMS Multi SYSMAINT SERVICE
Digital Equipment VMS Multi SYSMAINT SYSMAINT
Digital Equipment VMS Multi SYS SYS
Digital Equipment VMS Multi STUDENT STUDENT
Digital Equipment VMS Multi RJE RJE
Digital Equipment VMS Multi REPORT REPORT
Digital Equipment VMS Multi PRIV PRIV
Digital Equipment VMS Multi POSTMASTER POSTMASTER
Digital Equipment VMS Multi ALLIN1 ALLIN1
Digital Equipment VMS Multi SYSTEM OPERATOR
Digital Equipment 40513 Multi 5 games User
Digital Equipment DecServer Multi ( none ) SYSTEM Admin
Digital Equipment DecServer Multi ( none ) ACCESS Admin
Digital Equipment DEC - 10 Multi 7 maintain User
Digital Equipment DEC - 10 Multi 5 games User
Digital Equipment DEC - 10 Multi 30 games User
Digital Equipment DEC - 10 Multi 2 manager Admin
Digital Equipment DEC - 10 Multi 1 manager Admin
Digital Equipment DEC - 10 Multi 1 operator Admin
Digital Equipment DEC - 10 Multi 1 syslib Admin
Digital Equipment HiNote ct450 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Digital Equipment 40513 Multi 7 maintain User
Digital Equipment DEC - 10 Multi 2 operator Admin
Digital Equipment 40513 Multi 2 operator Admin
Digital Equipment 40513 Multi 2 manager Admin
Digital Equipment 40513 Multi 2 syslib Admin
Digital Equipment 40513 Multi 2 maintain Admin
Digital Equipment 40513 Multi 1 manager Admin
Digital Equipment 40513 Multi 1 operator Admin
Digital Equipment 40513 Multi 1 syslib Admin
Digital Equipment VMS Multi ALLINONE ALLINONE
Digital Equipment VMS Multi DEFAULT DEFAULT
Digital Equipment 40513 Multi 30 games User
Digital Equipment VMS Multi ALLIN1MAIL ALLIN1MAIL
Digital Equipment VMS Multi DEFAULT USER
Digital Equipment VMS Multi DECNET NONPRIV
Digital Equipment VMS Multi DECNET DECNET
Digital Equipment VMS Multi DECMAIL DECMAIL
Digital Equipment DEC - 10 Multi 2 syslib Admin
Digital Equipment VMS Multi BACKUP BACKUP
Digital Equipment IRIS
Multi accounting accounting Admin
Digital Equipment Terminal Server Port 7000 ( none ) system Admin
Digital Equipment Terminal Server Port 7000 ( none ) access User
Digital Equipment RSX Multi USER USER User
Digital Equipment RSX Multi SYSTEM SYSTEM
Admin
Digital Equipment RSX Multi SYSTEM MANAGER
Admin
Digital Equipment RSX Multi 1,1 SYSTEM
Admin
Digital Equipment RSX Multi 1.1 SYSTEM
Admin
Digital Equipment PC BIOS Console ( none ) komprie Admin
Digital Equipment IRIS
Multi software software User
Digital Equipment IRIS Multi PDP8 PDP8 User
Digital Equipment IRIS Multi PDP11 PDP11 User
Digital Equipment IRIS
Multi manager manager Admin
Digital Equipment IRIS
Multi demo demo User
Digital Equipment IRIS
Multi boss boss Admin
Digital Equipment RSX Multi BATCH BATCH
User
Digital Equipment VMS Multi DCL DCL
Dlink DFE - 538TX 10/100 Adapter Windows 98 ( none ) ( none )
DLink DL - 701 Cable / DSL
Gateway / Firewall - ( none ) year2000
Dlink Dl - 106 ISDN router - ( none ) 1234
dlink di704 - ( none ) admin
DLink DI 106 winnt administrator @*nigU^D.ha , ;
DLink DI - 206 ISDN router 1 . * Admin Admin
D- Link DI - 804 v2.03 Multi admin ( none ) Admin
D- Link DI - 701 2.22 (? ) ( none ) ( none )
D- Link hubs / switches Telnet D- Link D- Link
D- Link DWL - 900 + HTTP admin ( none ) Admin
D- Link DWL - 614 + 2.03 HTTP admin ( none ) Admin
D - Link DWL 900AP Multi admin public Admin
D- Link Dl 604 1.8 Multi admin ( none ) Admin
D- Link DI - 704 - ( none ) admin Admin
D- Link DI - 701 2.22 (? ) Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
D- Link DI - 106 administrator @*nigU^D.ha , ; Admin
D- Link Cable / DSL
Routers / Switches Multi ( none ) admin Admin
D- Link DI - 614 + HTTP user ( none ) User
D- Link DFE - 538TX 10/100 Adapter ( none ) ( none ) Admin
D - Link DSL - 500 Multi admin admin Admin
D - Link DI - 106 ISDN router ( none ) 1234 Admin
D - Link DI - 701 unknown Multi ( none ) year2000 Admin
D- Link DI - 206 ISDN router 1 .* Admin admin Admin
D- Link DI -604 1.62b+ HTTP admin ( none ) Admin
D- Link DI - 614 + HTTP admin ( none ) Admin
D- Link D - 704P
Multi admin admin Admin
Dupont Digital Water Proofer Telnet root par0t Admin
Dupont Digital Water Proofer Sun Sparc any root par0t
Dynalink RTA020 Multi admin admin Admin
Dynix Library Systems Dynix Multi circ ( none ) User
Dynix Library Systems Dynix Multi SETUP ( none ) Admin
Dynix Library Systems Dynix Multi LIBRARY ( none ) User
Dynix Library Systems Dynix Multi circ < social sec #>
User
Dynix Library Systems Dynix Multi later ( none ) Admin
ECI Any ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Efficient - - ( none ) ( none )
Efficient Speedstream DSL Telnet ( none ) admin Admin
Efficient Networks 5851 SDSL Router N/ A Console ( none ) hs7mwxkk Admin
Efficient Networks 5871 DSL Router v 5.3.3-0 Multi login admin Admin
Efficient Networks EN 5861 Telnet login admin Admin
Efficient Networks Speedstream 5711 Teledanmark version ( only .dk ) Console ( none ) 4getme2 Admin
Efficient Networks Speedstream DSL Telnet ( none ) admin Admin
Efficinet Networks Speedstream Router 250 ssr250 Multi admin admin Admin
Efficinet Networks Speedstream 5667 R4.0.1 HTTP ( none ) admin Admin
Efficinet Networks 5800 Class DSL Routers all Multi login admin Admin
Efficinet Networks Speedstream 5861 SMT
Router Multi admin admin Admin
Elron Firewall 2.5 c hostname / ip address sysadmin Admin
Elsa LANCom Office ISDN Router 800/1000 /1100 Telnet ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Elsa LANCom Office ISDN Router 800/1000 /1100 Telnet ( none ) cisco Admin
emai hotmail - ( none ) ( none )
enCAD XPO Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Enox PC BIOS Console ( none ) xo11nE Admin
Enterasys ANG - 1105 unknown Telnet ( none ) netadmin Admin
Enterasys ANG - 1105 unknown HTTP admin netadmin Admin
Epox PC BIOS Console ( none ) central Admin
Ericsson ericsson Acc Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Ericsson md110 pabx up - to - bc9 Multi ( none ) help varies depending on config minimal list access by default
Ericsson ACC - netman netman
Ericsson ( formerly ACC )
Any router all netman netman
Ericsson ACC Tigris Platform All Multi public ( none ) Guest
Erpepe ADSL Router Telnet chochete tiabuena Admin
E - Tech ADSL Ethernet Router Annex A v2 HTTP admin epicrouter Admin
EverFocus PowerPlex EDR1600 Multi operator operator Admin
EverFocus PowerPlex EDR1600 Multi admin admin Admin
EverFocus PowerPlex EDR1600 Multi supervisor supervisor Admin
Extended Systems Print Servers - admin extendnet
Extended Systems ExtendNet 4000 / Firewall all Versions admin admin
extreme black diamond - ( none ) ( none )
Extreme All All Admin ( none )
Extreme Networks All Switches Multi admin ( none ) Admin
Extreme Networks Black Diamond Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Extreme Networks Switches Multi admin ( none ) Admin
Extreme Networks All All SNMP ( none ) public Guest
F5 - Networks BIGIP Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Fastwire Fastwire Bank Transfer N/ A N/ A fastwire fw N / A
FiberDriver N- Base Switches NH208 , NH215 , and NH2016 Multi < any > forgot Admin
FiberDriver N- Base Switches NH208 , NH215 , and NH2016 Multi < any > debug Debug
FlowPoint 144 , 2200 DSL Routers ALL ( none ) admin
Flowpoint 2200 - ( none ) Serial Num
Flowpoint 144 , 2200 DSL Routers ALL ( none ) password
Flowpoint 2200 SDSL
Telnet admin admin Admin
Flowpoint 40 IDSL Telnet admin admin Admin
Flowpoint DSL 2000 Telnet admin admin Admin
Flowpoint DSL Telnet ( none ) password Admin
Flowpoint Flowpoint 2200 Telnet ( none ) Serial Number Admin
Flowpoint Flowpoint / 2000 ADSL
Telnet ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Flowpoint 100 IDSN
Telnet admin admin Admin
fore - - ( none ) ( none )
Fore Systems ASX 1000 / 1200 6.x ami ( none ) Admin
Forums Web Server Forums Web Server 1.5 HTTP admin ( none ) Admin
Foundry Networks ServerIronXL
Any ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Freetech PC BIOS Console ( none ) Posterie Admin
fujitsu l460 - ( none ) ( none )
Fujitsu Siemens Lifebook c4135 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Funk Software Steel Belted Radius 3.x Proprietary admin radius Admin
Future Networks FN 110C Docsis cablemodem
Any ( none ) ( none )
Galacticomm Major BBS Multi Sysop Sysop Admin
Gateway Solo Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
gatway solo9100 win95 ( none ) ( none )
General Instruments SB2100D Cable Modem Telnet test test Admin
Gigabyte Gigabyte Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
glFtpD glFtpD all Console glftpd glftpd Admin
GoNET General Equipment ( ? ) fast adb234 Admin
GuardOne BizGuard Multi n.a guardone Admin
GuardOne Restrictor Multi ( none ) guardone Admin
H2O Project Medialibrary HTTP admin admin Administrator
Hewlett Packard MPE-XL - OPERATOR COGNOS
Hewlett Packard MPE-XL - MANAGER HPOFFICE
Hewlett Packard MPE-XL - MGR CAROLIAN
Hewlett Packard MPE-XL - HELLO MGR .SYS
Hewlett Packard MPE-XL - HELLO MANAGER .SYS
Hewlett Packard HP Jetdirect ( All Models )
Any none none
Hewlett Packard MPE-XL - HELLO FIELD .SUPPORT
Hewlett Packard MPE-XL - MGR CCC
Hewlett - Packard Omnibook XE3 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Hewlett - Packard HP Omnibook 2100 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Hewlett - Packard LaserJet Net Printers
Ones with Jetdirect on them Telnet ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Hewlett - Packard LaserJet Net Printers
Ones with Jetdirect on them HTTP ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Hewlett - Packard LaserJet Net Printers
Ones with Jetdirect on them 9100 ( none ) ( none ) User
Hewlett - Packard LaserJet Net Printers
Ones with Jetdirect on them FTP Anonymous ( none ) User
Hewlett - Packard notebook Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Hewlett - Packard omnibbok 4150 B Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Hewlett - Packard omnibook xe3 Multi ( none ) admin Admin
Hewlett - Packard omnibook 2000 Multi Administrator ( none ) Admin
Hewlett - Packard OmniBook 900 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Hewlett - Packard Omnibook XE3 GC Phoenix Bios 4.0 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Hewlett - Packard omnibook6000 m Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Hewlett - Packard sa7200 Multi admin ( none ) Admin
Hewlett - Packard Vectra Console ( none ) hewlpack Admin
Hewlett - Packard Vectra Console ( none ) hewlpack Admin
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi WP HPOFFICE
Hewlett - Packard Vectra Console ( none ) hewlpack Admin
Hewlett - Packard omnibook 4150 b Multi ( none ) ( nessun ) Admin
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi HELLO MGR.SYS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGE VESOFT
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MANAGER TELESUP
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MANAGER COGNOS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MANAGER HPOFFICE
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MANAGER ITF3000
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MANAGER SECURITY
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MANAGER SYS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MANAGER TCH
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MAIL MAIL
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MAIL MPE
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MAIL HPOFFICE
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MAIL TELESUP
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MAIL REMOTE
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR SYS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi FIELD HPP187 SYS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR HPOFFICE
Hewlett - Packard Webmin 0.84 HTTP admin hp.com Administrator Runs on port 1000 .
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi ADVMAIL HPOFFICE DATA
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi ADVMAIL HP
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi FIELD MGR
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi HELLO OP.
OPERATOR
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi FIELD MANAGER
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi HELLO FIELD .SUPPORT
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi FIELD LOTUS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi FIELD HPWORD PUB
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi FIELD HPONLY
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi FIELD HPP187,SYS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi HELLO MANAGER.SYS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi FIELD SUPPORT
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi FIELD SERVICE
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi OPERATOR DISC
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR INTX3
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR ITF3000
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR NETBASE
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR REGO
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR RJE
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR HPP196
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi OPERATOR SYS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi OPERATOR COGNOS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi OPERATOR SYSTEM
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi OPERATOR SUPPORT
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi PCUSER SYS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi RSBCMON SYS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR CAROLIAN
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi ADVMAIL HPOFFICE , DATA
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR CONV
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR TELESUP
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR XLSERVER
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR HPP189
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR VESOFT
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR SECURITY
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR HPDESK
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR CCC
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR CNAS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR COGNOS
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR HPP187
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR ROBELLE
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR HPONLY
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi MGR WORD
Hewlett - Packard HP 2000/3000 MPE / xx Multi SPOOLMAN HPOFFICE
Hosting Controller Hosting Controller HTTP AdvWebadmin advcomm500349 Admin
Hyundai Networks HASE - 120 DSL Router Telnet ( none ) speedxess Admin
IBM VM / CMS Multi PVM ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi OP1 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi OPERATNS ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi PDMREMI ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi PENG ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi PROCAL ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi PRODBM ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi ROUTER ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi PSFMAINT ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi RDM470 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi ISPVM ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi RSCS ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi SAVSYS ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi PROMAIL ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi OLTSEP ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi NEVIEW ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi MOESERV ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi MAINT ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi GCS ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi IVPM1 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi IPFSERV ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi IIPS ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi IDMSSE ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi IDMS ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi SFCNTRL ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VMBACKUP ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi FSFTASK2 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi IVPM2 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VMARCH ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi RSCSV2 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi FSFTASK1 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VTAMUSER ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VTAM ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VSEMAN ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VSEMAINT ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VSEIPO ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VMUTIL ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VMTLIBR ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VMTAPE ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VMMAP ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VMASMON ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VMASSYS ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi SMART ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VM3812 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VASTEST ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi TSAFVM ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi TEMP ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi TDISK ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi SYSWRM ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi SYSERR ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi SYSDUMP1 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi SYSCKP ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi SYSADMIN ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi SQLUSER ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi SQLDBA ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi VMBSYSAD ( none )
IBM NetCommerce PRO 3.2 Multi ncadmin ncadmin Admin
IBM AS400 Any QSECOFR QSECOFR
IBM AS400 - QSRV QSRV
IBM AS400 - QSRVBAS QSRVBAS
IBM Ascend OEM Routers Telnet ( none ) ascend Admin
IBM DB /2 ( none ) db2admin db2admin
IBM DB2 WinNT db2admin db2admin
IBM hxet60 ww Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
IBM LAN Server / OS / 2 2.1 , 3.0 , 4 . username password
IBM Lotus Domino ( Net Commerce ) HTTP webadmin webadmin Admin
IBM OS / 400 Multi quser quser
IBM OS / 400 Multi ibm password
IBM AS /400 - qsecofr qsecofr
IBM OS /400 Multi 11111111 11111111
IBM OS /400 Multi 22222222 22222222
IBM OS / 400 Multi qsecofr qsecofr
IBM OS / 400 Multi qpgmr qpgmr
IBM OS / 400 Multi qsecofr 22222222
IBM OS / 400 Multi qserv qserv
IBM OS / 400 Multi qsrv qsrv
IBM OS / 400 Multi qsrvbas qsrvbas
IBM a21 Multi root ( none ) Admin
IBM OS / 400 Multi qsvr ibmcel
IBM Lotus Domino Go WebServer ( net.commerce edition ) ANY ?
webadmin webibm
IBM VM / CMS Multi SFCMI ( none )
IBM a20 m Multi ( none ) admin Admin
IBM 8265 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
IBM 8239 Token Ring HUB 2.5 Console ( none ) R1QTPS Utility Program
IBM 8237 Multi I5 rDv2b2JjA8 Mm A52896nG93096a Admin
IBM 8225 Multi I5 rDv2b2JjA8 Mm A52896nG93096a Admin
IBM 8224 HUB Multi vt100 public Admin
IBM 600x Multi ( none ) admin Admin
IBM 600e Multi Administrator admin Admin
IBM 390e Multi ( none ) admin Admin
IBM 3534 F08 Fibre Switch Multi admin password Admin
IBM OS / 400 Multi qsecofr 11111111
IBM - OS /400 QSECOFR QSECOFR
IBM AS/400 OS / 400 QUSER QUSER
IBM 2210 RIP def trade
IBM VM / CMS Multi FSFADMIN ( none )
IBM A21 m Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
IBM AIX 4.X Multi admin admin User
IBM AIX Multi guest ( none ) User
IBM AIX Multi guest guest User
IBM AIX Multi root ibm Admin
IBM AS /400 - ( none ) ( none )
IBM AS /400 - qpgmr qpgmr
IBM OS / 400 Multi qsysopr qsysopr
IBM 2628 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
IBM VM / CMS Multi CPRM ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi $ ALOC%4$snbsp ;( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi ADMIN ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi AP2SVP ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi APL2PP ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi AUTOLOG1 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi BATCH ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi BATCH1 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi BATCH2 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi CCC ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi CMSBATCH ( none )
IBM OS / 400 Multi qsvr qsvr
IBM VM / CMS Multi CPNUC ( none )
IBM TotalStorage Enterprise Server Multi storwatch specialist Admin
IBM VM / CMS Multi CSPUSER ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi CVIEW ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi DATAMOVE ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi DEMO1 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi DEMO2 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi DEMO3 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi DEMO4 ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi DIRECT ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi DIRMAINT ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi DISKCNT ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi EREP ( none )
IBM VM / CMS Multi CMSUSER ( none )
IBM ra6000 AIX Unix ( none ) ( none )
IBM OS / 400 Multi sedacm secacm
IBM OS / 400 Multi sysopr sysopr
IBM OS / 400 Multi user USERP
IBM PC BIOS Console ( none ) IBM Admin
IBM PC BIOS Console ( none ) MBIU0 Admin
IBM PC BIOS Console ( none ) sertafu Admin
IBM Phoenix BIOS 4 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
IBM udb 5 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
IBM POS CMOS Console IPC ( none )
IBM OS / 400 Multi ibm 2222
IBM thinkpad Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
IBM OS / 400 Multi secofr secofr
IBM OS / 400 Multi ibm service
IBM TotalStorage HTTP storwatch specialist Administrative
IBM Tivoli HTTP admin admin Administrator
IBM POS CMOS Console ESSEX ( none )
IBM thinkpad FTP ( none ) ( none ) Admin
IBM RACF IBMUSER SYS1
IBM switch 8275 - 217 Console ( none ) 0 Admin
IBM switch 8275 - 217 Telnet admin ( none ) Admin
IBM RS6000 1 Multi admin admin Admin
IBM RS /6000 AIX root ibm
Iiawmd web page HTTP ( none ) ( none ) User
Imperia Software Imperia Content Managment System Unix /NT HTTP superuser superuser Admin
Informix Database N/A N/ A informix informix N / A
Intel 7110 SSL Accelerator Multi ( none ) admin Admin
Intel netstructure 480t Telnet admin ( none ) Admin
Intel Wireless Gateway 3.x HTTP intel intel Admin
Intel Wireless AP 2011 2.21 Multi ( none ) Intel Admin
Intel 460T Express Switch Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Intel 480 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Intel 510T
Any ( none ) admin
Intel All Routers All Versions ( none ) babbit
Intel Express 9520 Router Multi NICONEX NICONEX
User
Intel Intel PRO / Wireless 2011 Wireless LAN Access Point Any ( none ) Intel
Intel lan rover 6.7 Console root admin Admin
Intel LanRover VPN Gateway < 6.0 Multi ( none ) isolation Admin
Intel Express 520T Switch Multi setup setup User
Intel NetportExpress Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Intel Shiva Multi Guest ( none ) User
Intel Shiva Multi root ( none ) Admin
Intel Shiva Lanrovers Multi root ( none ) Admin
Intel wireless lan access Point - ( none ) comcomcom
Intel LanRover VPN Gateway 6.0 > Multi ( none ) shiva Admin
Interbase Interbase Database Server All Multi SYSDBA masterkey Admin
Intershop Intershop 4 HTTP operator $ chwarzepumpe Admin
Intex organizer Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Ipswitch Whats up Gold 6.0 admin admin Admin
Ipswitch Whats up Gold 6.0 Windows 9 x a admin admin
IRC IRC Daemon IRC ( none ) FOOBAR Acess
IRCXPro IRCXPro Server 1.0 IRC admin password Admin
IRIS Multi PDP11 PDP11 User
IRX Router Telnet !root ( none ) ( none )
iso sistemi winwork Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
iso sistemi winwork 2002 Multi operator ( none ) Admin
Iwill PC BIOS Console ( none ) iwill Admin
janta sales 254 compaq janta sales janta211
JD Edwards WorldVision / OneWorld All ( ? ) TCP 1964 JDE JDE Admin/ SECOFR
JDS Microprocessing Hydra 3000 r2.02 Console hydrasna ( none ) Admin
Jetform Jetform Design HTTP Jetform ( none ) Admin
JetWay PC BIOS Console ( none ) spooml Admin
Johnson Controls HVAC System N/A MODEM johnson control N / A
Joss Technology PC BIOS Console ( none ) 57gbzb Admin
Joss Technology PC BIOS Console ( none ) technolgi Admin
Juniper All Junos 4.4 root none
kaptest usmle HTTP admin ( none ) Admin
Kawa All ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Knox Arkeia Server 4.2.8 - 2 root ( none ) Admin
Kyocera Telnet Server IB - 20/21 multi root root Admin
Kyocera EcoLink 7.2 HTTP ( none ) PASSWORD Admin
LANCAST All ( none ) ( none ) Admin
LANCOM IL11 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Lantronics Lantronics Terminal Server TCP 7000 ( none ) system Admin
Lantronics Lantronics Terminal Server TCP 7000 ( none ) access Admin
Lantronix Terminal Server TCP 7000 ( none ) lantronix Admin
Lantronix LSB4 any any system
Lantronix LSB4 TCP 7000 ( none ) system Admin
Lantronix MSS100 , MSSVIA , UDS10 Any ( none ) system
Lantronix MSS110 , MSSVIA , UDS10 TCP 7000 ( none ) system Admin
Lantronix Printer and terminalservers - ( none ) system
Lantronix Terminal Server TCP 7000 ( none ) access Admin
Lantronix Terminal Server TCP 7000 ( none ) system Admin
Lantronix LPS1 - T Print Server j11-16 TCP 7000 any system Admin
Leading Edge PC BIOS Console ( none ) MASTER Admin
LGIC Goldstream 2.5.1 LR - ISDN LR-ISDN Admin
Linkou School bill bill User
Linksys Cable / DSL router
Any ( none ) admin
Linksys BEFSR41 2 HTTP ( none ) admin Admin
Linksys BEFSR7(1 ) OR ( 4 ) Standalone R blank admin
Linksys BEFW11S4 1 HTTP admin ( none ) Admin
Linksys DSL Telnet ( none ) admin Admin
LinkSys EtherFast Cable / DSL Router HTTP admin ( none ) Admin
Linksys EtherFast Cable / DSL ROuter Multi Administrator admin Admin
Linksys Linksys Router DSL / Cable HTTP ( none ) admin Admin
LinkSys WAP11 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Linunx Linux Console Administrator admin Admin
Linux UCLinux for UCSIMM Multi root uClinux Admin
Linux Slackware Multi gonzo ( none ) User
Linux Slackware Multi snake ( none ) User
Linux Bankmandiri.co.id HTTP Administrator ( none ) Admin
Linux Slackware Multi satan ( none ) User
Livingston IRX Router Telnet !root ( none ) Admin
Livingston Livingston Portmaster 3 Telnet !root ( none ) Admin
Livingston Livingston_officerouter - !root blank
Livingston Livingston_portmaster2/3 - !root blank
Livingston Officerouter Telnet !root ( none ) Admin
Livingston Portmaster 2R Telnet !root ( none ) Admin
Lucent GX 550 SNMP readwrite ( none ) cascade
Lucent Packetstar ( PSAX ) - readwrite lucenttech1
Lucent Packetstar ( PSAX ) - readwrite lucenttech1
Lucent Packetstar ( PSAX ) - readwrite lucenttech1
Lucent MAX - TNT
Multi admin Ascend
Lucent MAX - TNT
Multi admin Ascend
Lucent Max TNT 9.1.3 Multi ( none ) admin Admin
Lucent MAX Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Lucent Portmaster 2 - !root none
Lucent GX 550 SNMP readwrite ( none ) cascade
lucent Portmaster 3 unknown ! root !ishtar
Lucent GX 550 debug mode ( none ) cascade
Lucent GX 550 debug mode ( none ) cascade
Lucent Portmaster 2 - !root none
Lucent Portmaster 2 Multi !root ( none ) Admin
Lucent Portmaster 2 - !root none
Lucent GX 550 Multi ( any 3 characters ) cascade
lucent Portmaster 3 unknown ! root !ishtar
Lucent Portmaster 3 multi !root !ishtar Admin
Lucent PSAX 1200 and below Multi root ascend
Lucent PSAX 1200 and below Multi root ascend
Lucent PSAX 1250 and above Multi readonly lucenttech2
Lucent PSAX 1250 and above Multi readonly lucenttech2
Lucent PSAX 1250 and above Multi readwrite lucenttech1
Lucent PSAX 1250 and above Multi readwrite lucenttech1
lucent Portmaster 3 unknown ! root !ishtar
Lucent B - STDX9000 Multi ( any 3 characters ) cascade
Lucent Anymedia Console LUCENT01 UI - PSWD -01 Admin
Lucent Anymedia Telnet LUCENT01 UI - PSWD -01 Admin
Lucent Anymedia Console LUCENT02 UI - PSWD -02
Admin
Lucent Anymedia Telnet LUCENT02 UI - PSWD -02
Admin
Lucent AP - 1000 - public public
Lucent AP - 1000 - public public
Lucent AP - 1000 public private Admin
Lucent AP - 1000 - public public
Lucent GX 550 Multi ( any 3 characters ) cascade
Lucent B - STDX9000 Multi ( any 3 characters ) cascade
Lucent B - STDX9000 debug mode ( none ) cascade
Lucent B - STDX9000 SNMP readwrite ( none ) cascade
Lucent B - STDX9000 debug mode ( none ) cascade
Lucent CBX 500 SNMP readwrite ( none ) cascade
Lucent DSL HTTP ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Lucent PSAX Multi Administrator ( none ) Admin
lucent dsl - ( none ) ( none )
Lucent B - STDX9000 SNMP readwrite ( none ) cascade
Lucent CBX 500 debug mode ( none ) cascade
Lucent CBX 500 SNMP readwrite ( none ) cascade
Lucent CBX 500 Multi ( any 3 characters ) cascade
Lucent CBX 500 Multi ( any 3 characters ) cascade
Lucent Cajun Family - root root
lucent dsl - ( none ) ( none )
Lucent Cajun Family - root root
Lucent Cajun Family - root root
Lucent CBX 500 debug mode ( none ) cascade
lxy_nrg 87418 87418 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
M Technology PC BIOS Console ( none ) mMmM Admin
MachSpeed PC BIOS Console ( none ) sp99dd Admin
Macromedia Dreamweaver FTP ( none ) admin Guest
Macromedia Freehand 9 ( none ) ( none ) Admin
MacSense X - Router Pro admin admin Admin
Magic - Pro PC BIOS Console ( none ) prost Admin
Main Street Softworks MCVE 2.5 Multi MCVEADMIN password Admin
Mambo Site Server 4.x HTTP admin admin Administrator
Megastar PC BIOS Console ( none ) star Admin
Mentec Micro/ RSX Multi MICRO RSX Admin
MERCURY 234234 234234 SNMP
Administrator admin Admin
MERCURY KT133A/686B SNMP
Administrator admin Admin
Mercury Interactive Topaz Prism HTTP admin admin admin
Meridian PBX ANY
Telnet service smile System
microcom hdms unknowen system hdms
Microcom HDMS system hdms Admin
Micron - bios ( none ) ( none )
Micron PC BIOS Console ( none ) sldkj 754 Admin
Micron PC BIOS Console ( none ) xyzall Admin
Micronet Micronet SP5002 Console mac ( none ) Admin
Micronet Access Point SP912
Telnet root default Admin
Micronics PC BIOS Console ( none ) dn_04rjc Admin
Microplex Print Server Telnet root root Admin
microRouter 900i Console / Multi ( none ) letmein Admin
Microrouter ( Cisco ) Any Any ( none ) letmein
Microsoft Windows NT 4 admin admin
Microsoft Windows NT 4 pkoolt pkooltPS
Microsoft Key Management Server Windows NT 4 Console ( none ) password Admin
Microsoft Windows NT
All Mail ( none )
Microsoft Windows NT Multi User User User
Microsoft Windows NT Multi IS_$ hostname ( same ) User
Microsoft Windows NT Multi Guest ( none ) User
Microsoft Windows NT Multi Guest Guest User
Microsoft Windows NT
All Guest ( none )
Microsoft Windows NT
All Administrator ( none )
Microsoft windows NT FTP Administrator admin Admin
Microsoft Windows NT Multi ( null ) ( none ) User Redbutton Hole
Microsoft Windows Multi Administrator ( none ) Admin
Microsoft SQL Server 7 Multi sa ( blank ) Admin
Microsoft Proxy 2.0 Console ( none ) ( none ) Admin
MICROSOFT NT 4 free user user
Microsoft MN - 500 Wireless Base Station Multi admin admin Admin
Microsoft Base Station Access Point HTTP ( none ) admin Admin
Microsoft NT - ( none ) start
Mintel Mintel PBX ( none ) SYSTEM Admin
Mitel 3300 ICP all HTTP system password Admin
M-M - O Webrealm HTTP Administrator admin Admin
Motorola Cablerouter
Telnet cablecom router Admin
Motorola Cyber Surfer ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Motorola Motorola - Cablerouter - cablecom router
MRO Software Maximo v4.1 Multi SYSADM sysadm Admin
msdloto msdloto - ( none ) ( none )
Multi-Tech ProxyServer Multi supervisor ( none ) Admin
Multi-Tech RASExpress Server 5.30a guest none
MySQL MySQL all versions root ( none ) Admin
Nanoteq NetSeq Firewall admin NetSeq Admin
Nanoteq NetSeq firewall * admin NetSeq
NCR NCR UNIX Multi ncrm ncrm Admin
NetApp NetCache any admin NetCache Admin
Netgear FVS318v3 - admin password
Netgear RH328 - ( none ) 1234
Netgear RP114 3.26 Telnet ( none ) 1234 Admin
Netgear RT311 HTTP admin 1234 Admin
Netgear RT338 - ( none ) 1234
Netgear RT314 HTTP admin admin Admin
Netgear RT311/RT314 - admin 1234
Netgear RT311 Any Admin 1234
Netgear RP614 HTTP admin password Admin
Netgear RP114 3.20 - 3.26 HTTP admin 1234 Admin
netgear - - ( none ) ( none )
Netgear RH438 / ISDN - Router RH348 HTTP ( none ) 1234 Admin
Netgear RH348 - ( none ) 1234
Netgear RH338 HTTP ( none ) 1234 Admin
Netgear RT314 Any Admin 1234
Netgear MR - 314 3.26 HTTP admin 1234 Admin
Netgear ISDN - Router RH348 - ( none ) 1234
Netgear Firewall router FR314 HTTP admin password Admin
Netgear RM356 None Telnet ( none ) 1234 Admin
NetGenesis NetAnalysis Web Reporting HTTP naadmin naadmin Admin
netlink rt314 - ( none ) ( none )
Netopia R7100 4.6.2 admin admin
Netopia Netopia 9500
Telnet netopia netopia Admin
Netopia Netopia 7100 Telnet ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Netopia 455 v3.1 ( none ) ( none )
Netopia R910 Multi admin ( none ) Admin
Netport Express 10/100 multi setup setup Admin
Netscape Netscape Enterprise Server HTTP admin admin Administrator
Netscreen all all Console Serialnumber Serialnumber Admin
Netscreen NS - 5 , NS10 , NS - 100 2 netscreen netscreen
Netscreen ns - 25 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Netscreen firewall Telnet operator ( none ) Admin
Netscreen Firewall multi netscreen netscreen Admin
Netscreen firewall Telnet Administrator ( none ) Admin
Netscreen firewall Multi admin ( none ) Admin
Netscreen - - netscreen netscreen
Netscreen firewall HTTP Administrator ( none ) Admin
Network Appliance NetCache any Multi admin NetCache Admin
Network Associates WebShield Security Appliance e500 HTTP e500 e500 changeme Admin
Network Associates WebShield Security Appliance e250 HTTP e250 e250 changeme Admin
NetworkICE ICECap Manager 2.0.22 < 8081 iceman ( none ) Admin
Neverwinter nights Neverwinter nights Multi admin admin Admin
NeXT NeXTStep 3.3 Multi me ( none ) User
NeXT NeXTStep Multi root NeXT Admin
NeXT NeXTStep Multi signa signa
User
NeXT - NeXTStep 3.3 me ( none )
NGSec
The Hooy 1 Multi admin admin Admin
NGSec NGSecureWeb HTTP admin ( none ) Admin
NGSec NGSecureWeb Multi admin asd Admin
NGSec NGSecureWeb HTTP admin asd Admin
Nimble PC BIOS Console ( none ) xdfk9874t3 Admin
Nokia M10 Telecom Telecom Admin
Nokia MW1122 Multi telecom telecom Admin
Nokia DSL Router M1122 1.1 - 1.2 Multi m 1122 m1122 User
Norman 5.3 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Nortel Accelar ( Passport ) 1000 series routing switches Multi ro ro Read Only
Nortel Contivity Extranet / VPN switches HTTP admin setup Admin
Nortel Meridian 1 PBX OS Release 2 0 0
Nortel Meridian Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Nortel Matra 6501 PBX Console ( none ) 0 Admin
Nortel Instant Internet ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Nortel Extranet Switches Multi admin setup Admin
Nortel DMS Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Nortel Contivity Extranet Switches 2.x admin setup
Nortel Baystack 450T sw V.4.1.0.6 ( none ) secure
Nortel Baystack 350 - 24T
Telnet ( none ) secure Admin
Nortel Bay Console ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Nortel ASN / ARN Routers Manager Manager Admin
Nortel Meridian 1 PBX 0000 0000 Admin
Nortel Accelar ( Passport ) 1000 series routing switches Multi rw rw Read Write
Nortel Meridian Link Multi mlusr mlusr user account
Nortel Accelar ( Passport ) 1000 series routing switches Multi l3 l3 Layer 3 ( and layer 2 ) Read Write
Nortel Accelar ( Passport ) 1000 series routing switches Multi l2 l2 Layer 2 Read Write
Nortel Accelar ( Passport ) 1000 series routing switches Multi rwa rwa Read Write All
Nortel Meridian PBX Serial login 8429 AUTH codes in LD 8
Nortel Baystack 450T sw V.4.1.0.6 ( none ) secure
Nortel Shasta any admin admin
Nortel Remote Office 9150 Client admin root Admin
Nortel Remote Annex 2000 admin ( ip address ) Admin
Nortel Norstar Modular ICS ** CONFIG ( 266344 ) CONFIG ( 266344 ) Admin
Nortel Norstar Modular ICS ** ADMIN (** 23646 ) ADMIN ( 23646 ) Admin
Nortel Meridian PBX Serial spcl 0000 AUTH codes in LD 8
Nortel Meridian Link Multi disttech 4tas engineer account
Nortel Meridian PBX Serial login 0000 AUTH codes in LD 8
Nortel Meridian CCR Multi ccrusr ccrusr User account
Nortel Meridian PBX Serial login 1111 AUTH codes in LD 8
Nortel Meridian PBX Serial login 0 AUTH codes in LD 8
Nortel Meridian MAX
Multi service smile general engineer account
Nortel Meridian MAX Multi root 3ep5w2u Admin
Nortel Meridian MAX Multi maint ntacdmax Maintenance account
Nortel Meridian Link Multi service smile general engineer account
Nortel Meridian CCR
Multi disttech 4tas engineer account enter 3letter of day from yesterday an tomorrow ( for Tuesday enter MonWed case sensitive ) - may be twice to see root password in clear
Nortel Meridian Link Multi maint maint Maintenance account
Nortel Meridian CCR
Multi service smile general engineer account
Nortel Meridian CCR Multi maint maint Maintenance account
Nortel Meridian PBX Serial spcl 0 AUTH codes in LD 8
Nortel Networks ( Bay ) Instant Internet Any ( none ) ( none )
Northern Telecom ( Nortel ) Meridian 1 - ( none ) m1link
Novell Netware Multi GUEST GUESTGUE
Novell Netware Multi PRINTER ( none )
Novell Netware Multi LASERWRITER
( none )
Novell Netware Multi SUPERVISOR NETFRAME
Novell Netware Multi SABRE ( none )
Novell Netware Multi ROUTER ( none )
Novell Netware Multi ROOT ROOT
Novell Netware Multi SUPERVISOR
NF
Novell Netware Multi PRINTER PRINTER
Novell Netware Multi SUPERVISOR
HARRIS
Novell Netware Multi PRINT PRINT
Novell Netware Multi PRINT ( none )
Novell Netware Multi GUEST TSEUG
Novell Netware Multi POST ( none )
novell - - ( none ) ( none )
Novell Netware Multi MAIL ( none )
Novell Netware Multi ROOT ( none )
Novell Netware Multi USER_TEMPLATE
USER_TEMPLATE
Novell Netware Multi WINSABRE WINSABRE
Novell Netware Multi WINSABRE SABRE
Novell Netware Multi WINDOWS_PASSTHRU
( none )
Novell Netware Multi WINDOWS_PASSTHRU
WINDOWS_PASSTHRU
Novell NetWare Any WINDOWS_PASSTHRU
( none )
Novell Netware Multi SUPERVISOR
NFI
Novell Netware Multi WANGTEK ( none )
Novell Netware Multi MAIL MAIL
Novell Netware Multi USER_TEMPLATE
( none )
Novell Netware Multi TEST ( none )
Novell Netware Multi TEST TEST
Novell Netware Multi SUPERVISOR
SYSTEM
Novell Netware Multi SUPERVISOR ( none )
Novell Netware Multi SUPERVISOR SUPERVISOR
Novell Netware Multi WANGTEK WANGTEK
Novell Netware Multi ADMIN ( none )
Novell Netware Multi CHEY_ARCHSVR
( none )
Novell Netware Multi LASERWRITER
LASERWRITER
Novell NetWare Arcserve CHEY_ARCHSVR
WONDERLAND
Novell Netware Multi POST POST
Novell Netware Multi BACKUP ( none )
Novell Netware Multi FAX FAX
Novell Netware Multi ARCHIVIST
( none )
Novell Netware Multi CHEY_ARCHSVR
CHEY_ARCHSVR
Novell Netware Multi ADMIN ADMIN
Novell NDS iMonitor HTTP sadmin ( none ) Administrator
Novell iChain / ICS 1.2 2.0 Telnet ( none ) root Admin
Novell iChain 2 Console ( none ) cr0wmt 911 Admin
Novell iChain 1.5 Console ( none ) san fran 8 Admin
Novell Groupwise 5.5 Enhancement Pack HTTP servlet manager Servlet Mgr URI : / servlet / ServletManager
Novell Netware Multi ARCHIVIST
ARCHIVIST
Novell Netware Multi GUEST ( none )
Novell Netware Multi LASER LASER
Novell Netware Multi LASER ( none )
Novell Netware Multi BACKUP BACKUP
Novell Netware Multi HPLASER ( none )
Novell Netware Multi FAX ( none )
Novell Netware Multi GUEST GUEST
Novell Netware Multi GUEST GUESTGUEST
Novell Netware Multi FAXUSER FAXUSER
Novell Netware Multi GATEWAY GATEWAY
Novell NetWare Any GATEWAY ( none )
Novell NetWare Any GATE ( none )
Novell Netware Multi FAXWORKS FAXWORKS
Novell Netware Multi FAXWORKS ( none )
Novell Netware Multi FAXUSER ( none )
Novell Netware Multi GATEWAY ( none )
Novell Netware Multi HPLASER HPLASER
Nurit PC BIOS Console $ system ( none ) Admin
OCE Printers Hardware HTTP ( none ) 0 and the number of OCE printer Admin
ODS 1094 IS Chassis 4.x ods ods
Omuron MR104FH Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Openwave MSP
Any HTTP cac_admin cacadmin Admin
Openwave WAP Gateway Any HTTP sys uplink Admin
Optivision Nac 3000 & 4000 any root mpegvideo
Optus Counter - Strike 1.3 Multi Administrator admin Admin
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi ORDSYS ORDSYS
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi SYS CHANGE_ON_INSTALL
DBA +
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi SECDEMO SECDEMO
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi SCOTT TIGER
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i WinNT Multi SAMPLE SAMPLE DBA
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi RMAN RMAN
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i WinNT Multi RMAIL RMAIL
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi PUBSUB PUBSUB DBA
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi POWERCARTUSER
POWERCARTUSER
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi MOREAU MOREAU
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi OUTLN OUTLN
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi SYSTEM MANAGER
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi ORDPLUGINS ORDPLUGINS
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi OCITEST OCITEST
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi NAMES NAMES
oracle Oracle RDBMS 8.1.7 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i WinNT Multi MTYSYS MTYSYS
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i WinNT Multi MTYSYS MTYSYS
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi PO PO DBA
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi USER4 USER4
Oracle 7 or later Any Scott Tiger
Oracle Web DB HTTP webdb webdb Admin
Oracle Personal Oracle 8 Multi PO8 PO8
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi VRR1 VRR1 DBA
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi USER9 USER9
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi USER8 USER8
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi USER7 USER7
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi SYSADM SYSADM
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi USER5 USER5
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi SYSMAN oem_temp DBA
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi USER3 USER3
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi USER2 USER2
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi USER1 USER1
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi USER0 USER0
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi TSUSER TSUSER
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi TSDEV TSDEV
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi TRACESRV TRACE
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi PRIMARY PRIMARY
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi USER6 USER6
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi APPLSYS APPLSYS
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi CDEMORID CDEMORID
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi CDEMOCOR CDEMOCOR
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi CDEMO82 CDEMO82
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi CATALOG CATALOG
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi BLAKE PAPER
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi AURORA@ORB@UNAUTHENTICATED
INVALID
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi AURORA$ORB$UNAUTHENTICATED
INVALID
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi AQUSER AQUSER
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi CDEMOUCB CDEMOUCB
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Linux Multi MODTEST YES DBA
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi APPS APPS
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i WinNT Multi RE RE
Oracle Internet Directory Server Multi cn=orcladmin welcome Admin
Oracle Finacial Package SAP SAPR3 SAP Admin
Oracle 8 i 8.1.6 sys change_on_install
Oracle 8 i all internal oracle
oracle 8.1.7 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Oracle 7 or later - system manager
Oracle 7 or later - sys change_on_install
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi AQDEMO AQDEMO
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi GPLD GPLD
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi MILLER MILLER
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi MMO2 MMO2
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi ADAMS WOOD
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi CLARK CLOTH
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi MFG MFG
All Privileges
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi JONES STEEL
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi GPFD GPFD
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi FND FND
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi FINANCE FINANCE
All Privileges
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi EVENT EVENT DBA
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi CTXSYS ( none )
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi DEMO8 DEMO8
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi COMPANY COMPANY
All Privileges
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi DEMO DEMO
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi DBSNMP DBSNMP RESOURCE and CONNECT roles
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 8i Multi EMP EMP
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi CTXDEMO CTXDEMO
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi MDSYS MDSYS All Privileges with Admin
Oracle Oracle RDBMS 7 and 8 Multi CTXSYS CTXSYS DBA
oracle co. Database engines every sys change_on_install
ORiNOCO Access Server 2.01 Telnet ( none ) orinoco Admin
Osicom NETPrint 2000E / B
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1000E / B
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 2000E / N
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1500E / N
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1000E / NDS
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1000E / NDS
Telnet Manager Manager Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1000E / N
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 500 T/N Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 2000E / N Telnet Manager Manager Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1000E / D Telnet Manager Manager Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1500 E/ B Telnet Manager Manager Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1000 T/B
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 2000 T/ B
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1000 T/N
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 2000 T/N
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1500 E/ B
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1500T / N
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1000E / D
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 500 E/ B
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 500 T/B
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom Osicom Plus T1 / PLUS 56 k Telnet write private
Osicom NETPrint 1000E / D
Telnet echo echo User
Osicom NETPrint 1500E / N Telnet Manager Manager Admin
Osicom NETPrint 500 E/N
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1000E / NDS
Telnet debug d.e.b.u.g
User
Osicom NETPrint 1500 E/ B
Telnet guest guest User
Osicom JETXPrint 1000E / N
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom JETXPrint 1000T / N
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom JETXPrint 500 E/ B
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETCommuter Remote Access Server Telnet debug d.e.b.u.g
User
Osicom NETCommuter Remote Access Server Telnet echo echo User
Osicom NETCommuter Remote Access Server Telnet guest guest User
Osicom NETCommuter Remote Access Server Telnet Manager Manager Admin
Osicom NETCommuter Remote Access Server Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1500E / N
Telnet echo echo User
Osicom NETPrint 1000E / D Telnet debug d.e.b.u.g
User
Osicom JETXPrint 1000E / B
Telnet sysadm sysadm Admin
Osicom NETPrint 1500E / N Telnet debug d.e.b.u.g
User
Osicom NETPrint 2000E / N Telnet debug d.e.b.u.g
User
Osicom NETPrint 1500 E/ B
Telnet echo echo User
Osicom NETPrint 1000E / NDS
Telnet echo echo User
Osicom NETPrint 2000E / N
Telnet echo echo User
Osicom NETPrint 1000E / D
Telnet guest guest User
Osicom NETPrint 1000E /NDS
Telnet guest guest User
Osicom NETPrint 1500 E/ B
Telnet guest guest User
Osicom NETPrint 1500E / N
Telnet guest guest User
Osicom NETPrint 2000E /N
Telnet guest guest User
Osicom NETPrint 1500 E/ B Telnet debug d.e.b.u.g
User
Osicom ( Datacom ) Osicom ( Datacom ) - sysadm sysadm
Otenet otenet Telnet ( none ) ( none ) User
Pacific Micro Data MAST 9500 Universal Disk Array ESM ver .
2.11 / 1 Console pmd ( none ) Admin
Packard Bell PC BIOS Console ( none ) bell9 Admin
Packeteer Packetshaper Console N/A touchpwd= touch Resets ' touch ' password .
Pandatel EMUX all admin admin
Patton RAS 2 monitor monitor
Patton RAS 2 superuser superuser
Penril Datability vcp300 terminal server Multi ( none ) system Admin
PentaSafe VigilEnt Security Manager 3 VigilEnt Security Manager Console PSEAdmin $ secure%4$snbsp;Admin
Philips Praesideo PA System All versions Multi admin admin Admin
Phoenix 4 6.0.2 Multi ( none ) admin Admin
Phoenix PhoenixBIOS
4.0 Release 6.0 bios ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Phoenix dell Multi ( none ) admin Admin
Phoenix bios 4.0 5.12 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Phoenix Award Multi admin admin Admin
Phoenix bios Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
phpTest phpTest 0.5.6 HTTP admin 1234 Admin
phpTest phpTest 0.5.6 HTTP guest guest
PingTel Xpressa 1.2.5 - 1.2.7.4 admin ( none ) Admin
PlainTree Waveswitch 100 - ( none ) default .
password Admin
Planet WAP-1900/1950/2000 2.5.0 Multi ( none ) default Admin
Pollsafe Pollsafe N/A MODEM SMDR SECONDARY N/A
Polycom Viewstation Telnet administrator ( none ) Admin
Prime PrimeOS Multi tele tele User
Prime PrimeOS Multi test test User
Prime PrimeOS Multi system system Admin
Prime PrimeOS Multi system prime Admin
Prime PrimeOS Multi primos_cs prime User
Prime PrimeOS Multi primos_cs primos User
Prime PrimeOS Multi primeos primeos User
Prime PrimeOS Multi primeos prime User
Prime PrimeOS Multi primenet primeos User
Prime PrimeOS Multi primenet primenet User
Prime PrimeOS Multi guest1 guest1 User
Prime PrimeOS Multi prime primeos User
Prime PrimeOS Multi dos dos User
Prime PrimeOS Multi guest guest User
Prime PrimeOS Multi guest1 guest User
Prime PrimeOS Multi mail mail User
Prime PrimeOS Multi maint maint User
Prime PrimeOS Multi mfd mfd User
Prime PrimeOS Multi netlink netlink User
Prime PrimeOS Multi prime prime User
Prime PrimeOS Multi fam fam User
Pyramid Computer BenHur all HTTP admin gnumpf Admin
Pyramid Computer BenHur all HTTP admin admin Admin
QDI PC BIOS Console ( none ) QDI Admin
QDI SpeedEasy BIOS Console ( none ) lesarotl Admin
Quantex PC BIOS Console ( none ) teX1 Admin
Quantex PC BIOS Console ( none ) xljlbj Admin
Quantum File Servers
Most of them HTTP ( none ) ( none ) User
Raidzone raid arrays ( none ) raidzone
Ramp Networks WebRamp wradmin trancell
RapidStream RapidStream Appliances Multi rsadmin ( null ) Admin
RapidStream RS4000 - RS8000
Linux rsadmin rsadmin
Raritan KVM
Switches admin raritan Admin
realtek 8139 - ( none ) ( none )
Reda HTTP ( none ) ( none ) User
Reda HTTP ( none ) admin User
Redemo da HTTP admin ( none ) Admin
RedHat Piranha 6.2 Console ( none ) Q Interface
RedHat Redhat 6.2 HTTP piranha q User
RedHat Redhat 6.2 HTTP piranha piranha User
Remedy Remedy Multi demos ( none ) User
Remedy Remedy Multi ARAdmin AR # Admin# Admin
Remedy Any Any Demo ( none )
Replicom ProxyView NetBIOS Administrator Pvremote Admin
Research PC BIOS Console ( none ) Col2ogr o2 Admin
Research Machines Classroom Assistant Windows 95 manager changeme
Resumix Resumix N/ A N/ A root resumix N / A
Ricoh Aficio AP3800C HTTP sysadmin password Admin
Rizen WebGUI Admin 123qwe Administrator
RM RM Connect Multi topicalt password
RM RM Connect Multi replicator replicator
RM RM Connect Multi topicnorm password
RM RM Connect Multi temp1 password
RM RM Connect Multi teacher password
RM RM Connect Multi setup changeme
RM RM Connect Multi RMUser1 password
RM Server BIOS Console ( none ) RM
RM RM Connect Multi admin2 changeme
RM RM Connect Multi deskres password
RM RM Connect Multi desknorm password
RM RM Connect Multi deskman changeme
RM RM Connect Multi deskalt password
RM RM Connect Multi admin rmnetlm
RM RM Connect Multi adminstrator changeme
RM RM Connect Multi guest ( none )
RM RM Connect Multi topicres password
Rodopi Rodopi billing software ( AbacBill ) sql database - rodopi rodopi
ROLM phones / phone mail ( none ) 111 #
Roxio Aesy cd Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
S2400 Toshiba HTTP Administrator admin Admin
Samba SWAT Package Linux Any Local User Local User password
Sambar Technologies Sambar Server HTTP ftp ( none ) Other
Sambar Technologies Sambar Server HTTP guest guest User
Sambar Technologies Sambar Server HTTP billy - bob ( none ) Administration
Sambar Technologies Sambar Server HTTP admin ( none ) Administration
Sambar Technologies Sambar Server HTTP anonymous ( none ) Other
Samsung inforanger Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Samsung n620 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
SAP SAP SAP client DDIC 19920706 SAP internal ; Mandant 001
SAP SAP SAP client EARLYWATCH SUPPORT SAP internal ; Mandant 066
SAP SAP SAP client SAP * PASS SAP internal ; all Mandants
SAP SAP SAP client SAP * 7061992 SAP internal ; Mandant 000
SAP SAP SAP client SAPCPIC ADMIN Admin
Schneider Electric PowerLogic Ethernet Communications Card HTTP ( none ) admin Administrator
schoolgirl member - ich hci
Securicor3NET
Money manager friend Admin
Securicor3NET
Cezzanne any manager friend
Securicor3NET
Monet any manager friend
security.org lockpicking Multi admin ( none ) Admin
Semaphore PICK O/S DESQUETOP ( none )
Semaphore PICK O/S DS ( none )
Semaphore PICK O/S DSA ( none )
Semaphore PICK O/S PHANTOM ( none )
Server Technology Sentry Remote Power Manager Multi GEN2 gen2 view / control
Server Technology Sentry Remote Power Manager Multi ADMN admn Admin
Server Technology Sentry Remote Power Manager Multi GEN1 gen1 view / control
SGI IRIX ALL guest ( none by default )
SGI IRIX ALL demos ( none by default )
SGI IRIX ALL lp lp
SGI IRIX ALL EZsetup ( none )
SGI all all root ( none )
SGI Embedded Support Partner IRIX 6.5.6 Administrator Partner
Shina LANRover root ( none ) Admin
Shiva LanRover any ?
root ( none )
Shiva AccessPort
Any hello hello
Shiva Any ? - Guest blank
Shiva Integrator 150/200/500 Multi admin hello Admin
Shuttle PC BIOS ( none ) Spacve Admin
Siemens ROLM PBX eng engineer
Siemens ROLM PBX su super
Siemens Hicom 100E PBX 31994 31994
Siemens ROLM PBX op op
Siemens ROLM PBX admin pwp
Siemens PhoneMail tech tech
Siemens PhoneMail system field
Siemens PhoneMail system system
Siemens PhoneMail sysadmin sysadmin
Siemens PhoneMail poll tech
Siemens PhoneMail poll poll
Siemens hipath Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Siemens ROLM PBX op operator
Siemens Nixdorf PC BIOS Console ( none ) SKY_FOX Admin
Siips Trojan 8974202 Multi Administrator ganteng Admin
Silicon Graphics IRIX 5.x , 6.x Multi guest ( none ) CLI , UID guest
Silicon Graphics IRIX Multi tutor ( none ) Admin
Silicon Graphics IRIX Multi tutor tutor Admin
Silicon Graphics IRIX Multi tour tour Admin
Silicon Graphics IRIX Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Silicon Graphics IRIX Multi field field Admin
Silicon Graphics IRIX Multi Ezsetup ( none ) Admin
Silicon Graphics IRIX Multi demos ( none ) Admin
Silicon Graphics IRIX Multi 4Dgifts ( none ) Admin
Silicon Graphics IRIX Multi 4Dgifts 4Dgifts Admin
Silicon Graphics Embedded Spport Partner IRIX 6.5 , 6 Multi Administrator Partner Admin
Silicon Graphics IRIX 5.x 6.x Multi lp ( none ) CLI ; UID lp
sitara qosworks Console root ( none ) Admin
SmartSwitch Router 250 ssr2500 v3.0.9 Multi admin ( none ) Admin
SMC Router All HTTP admin admin Admin
SMC SMC broadband router HTTP admin admin Admin
SMC Barricade 7004 AWBR Multi admin ( none ) Admin
SMC Barricade - ( none ) admin
soho nbg800 unknown admin 1234
sonic wall any firewall device admin password ( none )
SonicWALL ALL ALL HTTP admin password Admin
Sovereign Hill InQuery Admin shs Admin
Speedstream 5861 SMT
Router Multi admin admin Admin
Speedstream 5871 IDSL
Router Multi admin admin Admin
Speedstream DSL Multi admin admin Admin
Speedstream Router 250 ssr250 Multi admin admin Admin
SpeedXess HASE - 120 Multi ( none ) speedxess Admin
Spider Systems M250 /M250L ( none ) hello Admin
Spike CPE Console enable ( none ) Admin
Sprint PCS SCH2000 Menu - 8 - 0 40793 Admin
Ssangyoung SR2501 - ( none ) 2501
Sun - Solaris ( none ) ( none )
Sun - SunOS 4.1.4 root ( none )
Sun JavaWebServer 1.x 2.x AdminSrv admin admin Admin
Sun Sun E10000 System Service Processor Multi ssp ssp Admin
Sun SunScreen 3.1 Lite TCP 3852 admin admin Admin Use a Java enabled web browser on port 3852
SuperMicro PC BIOS Console ( none ) ksdjfg934t Admin
surecom ep3501/3506 own os admin surecom
SuSE GmbH Emailserver 1.x Telnet root root Admin
Sybase Adaptive Server Enterprise 11.x 12.x Multi sa ( none ) SA and SSO roles
Sybase Sybase 8 Multi DBA SQL Admin
Sybase ( DATEV ) Adaptive Server Anywhere 8 Multi DBA SQL Admin
Sybase ( DATEV ) Adaptive Server Enterprise 12 Multi sa sasasa Admin
Symantec NAV CORP / ALL HTTP admin symantec Admin
Symantec Norton Antivirus Corp Ed. all Multi ( none ) symantec Admin
Symantec Norton Antivirus Corporate Edition 7.5 Console ( none ) admin Admin
Symantec pcanywhere Multi admin ( none ) Admin
Symantec pcanywhere Console Administrator ( none ) Admin
Symantec Symantec Enterprise Security 7.5 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
SysKonnect 6616 default .
password ( none ) Admin
Tekelec Eagle STP eagle eagle Admin
Teklogix Accesspoint Multi Administrator ( none ) Admin
Telebit NetBlazer 3 .* setup/snmp setup/nopassword Admin
Telebit netblazer 3 .* - setup/snmp setup / nopasswd
Tellabs Titan 5500 FP 6.x Multi tellabs tellabs # 1 Admin
Telus Telephony Services Multi ( created ) telus00 User year 2000 passwords
Telus Telephony Services Multi ( created ) telus99
User year 1999 passwords
Terayon TeraLink Getaway - admin password
Terayon TeraLink Getaway / 1000 Controller user password User
Terayon TeraLink Getaway - user password
Terayon TeraLink 1000 Controller - user password
Terayon TeraLink 1000 Controller - admin password
Terayon TeraLink 6.29 admin nms Admin
Terayon TeraLink Getaway / 1000 Controller admin password Admin
TextPortal TextPortal 0.8 HTTP god2 12345 Admin
Tiara Tiara - tiara tiaranet
Tiara Networks 1400 3.x Console tiara tiaranet Admin
Tiara Networks 1400 6100 6200 Multi ( none ) tiara tiaranet
Tim Schaab Mad.
Thought 2.0.1 HTTP theman changeit Administrator
Tiny PC BIOS Console ( none ) Tiny Admin
Titbas SCO haasadm lucy99 Admin
TMC PC BIOS Console ( none ) BIGO Admin
TopLayer AppSwitch 2500 siteadmin toplayer Admin
Toshiba Satellite Pro 4600 Multi ( none ) bios Admin
Toshiba TR - 650 V2.01.00 admin tr650
Toshiba Tecra 8100 2.3 Multi ( none ) admin Admin
toshiba 480cdt - ( none ) ( none )
Toshiba satellite pro 4310 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Toshiba satellite 1800 - s204 HTTP ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Toshiba satelite 2520cds Multi ( none ) admin User
Toshiba PC BIOS Console ( none ) Toshiba Admin
Toshiba PC BIOS Console ( none ) 24 Banc81 Admin
Toshiba PC BIOS Console ( none ) toshy99 Admin
Toshiba Laptop 8000 Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Toshiba laptop Multi Administrator ( none ) Admin
Toshiba hard disk Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Toshiba satellite2710 x bios password Multi ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Trend Micro Viruswall all versions HTTP on port 1812 admin admin Admin
TrendMicro ISVW ( VirusWall ) any admin admin
TrendMicro ISVW ( VirusWall ) any admin admin
Trintech eAcquirer App / Data Servers t3admin Trintech Admin
Troy ExtendNet 100zx Multi admin extendnet Admin
Tumbleweed Message Management System 4.3-4.6 sa ( none ) Admin
TVT System Expresse G5 Multi craft ( none ) Admin
TVT System Expresse G5 DS1 Module Multi ( none ) enter Admin
Ullu ka pattha Gand mara Gandoo Bhosda Lund
Unex NexIP Routers ( none ) password
Unisys ClearPath MCP Multi ADMINISTRATOR
ADMINISTRATOR
Admin
Unisys ClearPath MCP Multi HTTP HTTP Web Server Administration
Unisys ClearPath MCP Multi NAU NAU Privileged
UNIX Generic Multi mail mail User
UNIX Generic Multi man man User
UNIX Generic Multi man ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi me ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi me me User
UNIX Generic Multi mountfs mountfs Admin
UNIX Generic Multi mountfsys mountfsys Admin
UNIX Generic Multi mountsys mountsys Admin
UNIX Generic Multi news news User
UNIX Generic Multi mail ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi nobody ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi lpadm lpadm User
UNIX Generic Multi nobody nobody User
UNIX Generic Multi nuucp ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi operator operator User
UNIX Generic Multi operator ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi oracle ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi news ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi install install Admin
UNIX Generic Multi games games User
UNIX Generic Multi games ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi gopher gopher User
UNIX Generic Multi gropher ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi guest guest User
UNIX Generic Multi guest ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi lynx lynx User
UNIX Generic Multi informix informix User
UNIX Generic Multi lynx ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi lp lp User
UNIX Generic Multi lp bin User
UNIX Generic Multi lp lineprin User
UNIX Generic Multi lp ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi rje rje User
UNIX Generic Multi lpadmin lpadmin User
UNIX Generic Multi postmaster postmast User
UNIX Generic Multi halt ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi uucpadm uucpadm User
UNIX Generic Multi postmaster ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi system_admin system_admin Admin
UNIX Generic Multi trouble trouble User
UNIX Generic Multi umountfs umountfs User
UNIX Generic Multi umountfsys umountfsys User
UNIX Generic Multi umountsys umountsys User
UNIX Generic Multi unix unix User
UNIX Generic Multi sysbin sysbin Admin
UNIX Generic Multi uucp uucp User
UNIX Generic Multi sysadmin sysadmin Admin
UNIX Generic Multi web ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi web web User
UNIX Generic Multi webmaster webmaster User
UNIX Generic Multi webmaster ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi www ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi www www User
UNIX koppp
Telnet dream trocse Admin
UNIX Generic Multi user user User
UNIX Generic Multi shutdown ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi powerdown powerdown User
UNIX Generic Multi guest guestgue User
UNIX Generic HP - UX Multi root hp Admin
UNIX Generic Multi root root Admin
UNIX Generic Multi root ( none ) Admin
UNIX Generic N/ A Telnet service smile N/ A Motorola Default
UNIX Generic Multi setup setup Admin
UNIX Generic Multi system_admin ( none ) Admin
UNIX Generic Multi shutdown shutdown
User
UNIX Generic Multi ftp ftp User
UNIX Generic Multi sync sync
User
UNIX Generic Multi sync ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi sys sys Admin
UNIX Generic Multi sys system Admin
UNIX Generic Multi sys bin Admin
UNIX Generic Multi sysadm sysadm Admin
UNIX Generic Multi sysadm admin Admin
UNIX Generic N/ A Telnet setup N/ A N/ A Motorola Default
UNIX Generic Multi halt halt User
UNIX Generic Multi adm adm Admin
UNIX Generic Multi adm ( none ) Admin
UNIX Generic Multi admin admin User
UNIX Generic Multi administrator administrator User
UNIX Generic Multi administrator ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi anon anon User
UNIX Generic Multi bbs bbs User
UNIX Generic Multi bbs ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi bin sys Admin
UNIX Generic Multi checkfs checkfs User
UNIX Generic Multi checkfsys checkfsys User
UNIX Generic Multi ftp ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi demos demos User
UNIX Generic Multi fax fax User
UNIX Generic Multi fax ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi fal fal User
UNIX Generic Multi fal ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi dni dni User
UNIX Generic Multi checksys checksys User
UNIX Generic Multi demos ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi checksys checksys User
UNIX Generic Multi demo ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi demo demo User
UNIX Generic Multi daemon ( none ) User
UNIX Generic Multi daemon daemon User
UNIX Generic Multi dni ( none ) User
Unknown System 88 Console overseer overseer Admin
Unknown System 88 Console test test User
Unknown POCSAG Radio Paging 2.05 Port 8000 ( none ) password Admin
Unknown System 88 Console operator operator Admin
US Robotics ADSL Ethernet Modem HTTP ( none ) 12345 Admin
US Robotics TOTALSwitch ( none ) amber Admin
US Robotics USR8000 1.23 / 1.25 Multi root admin Admin
US Robotics USR8550 3.0.5 Multi Any 12345
Any
USR TOTALswitch
Any none amber
UTStarcom B - NAS , B - RAS 1000 dbase dbase
UTStarcom B - NAS , B - RAS 1000 field field
UTStarcom B- NAS , B - RAS 1000 guru * 3noguru
UTStarcom B - NAS , B - RAS 1000 snmp snmp
Verifone Verifone Junior 2.05 ( none ) 166816
Vertex VERTEX 1501 5.05 root vertex25 Administrator
Vextrec Technology PC BIOS Console ( none ) Vextrex
Vina Technologies ConnectReach 3.6.2 ( none ) ( none )
Visa VAP VAP N/A TELNET / MODEM root QNX root
Vobis PC BIOS Console ( none ) merlin
voy - - ( none ) ( none )
VPASP VP - ASP Shopping Cart HTTP vpasp vpasp Admin
VPASP VP - ASP Shopping Cart HTTP admin admin Admin
Watchguard Firebox 3 - 4.6 Console ( none ) wg ( touch password ) Admin
Watchguard firebox 1000 Multi admin ( none ) Admin
Watchguard SOHO and SOHO6 all versions FTP user pass Admin
Web Wiz Forums 7.x HTTP Administrator letmein Administrator
webmail webmail v0.94 Multi kol gniffe Admin
Webmin Webmin Any Unix / Lin HTTP admin ( none ) Admin
WebRamp 410i wradmin tracell Admin
WebTrends Enterprise Reporting HTTP Admin ( none ) Admin
Wim Bervoets WIMBIOSnbsp BIOS Console ( none ) Compleri Admin
Win2000 Quick Time 4.0 Englisch ( none ) ( none )
winwork iso sistemi Multi operator ( none ) Admin
Wireless Inc. WaveNet 2458 n/ a root rootpass
WorldClient AdminServer HTTP:2001 WebAdmin Admin WorldClient
WWWBoard WWWADMIN.PL HTTP WebAdmin WebBoard Admin
Wyse Winterm 9455XL BIOS ( none ) Fireport BIOS
Wyse Winterm 5440XL
Console root wyse Admin
Wyse Winterm 5440XL VNC VNC winterm VNC
Xerox Multi Function Equipment Multi admin 2222 Admin
Xerox WorkCenter Pro 428 HTTP admin admin Admin
Xylan Omniswitch 3.1.8 admin switch
Xylan Omniswitch 3.1.8 Telnet admin switch Admin
Xylan OmniStack 4024 3.4.9 admin password Admin
Xylan OmniStack 1032CF 3.2.8 admin password Admin
Xylan Omniswitch
Telnet diag switch User
Xyplex Terminal Server Port 7000 ( none ) access User
Xyplex MX - 16XX setpriv system Admin
Xyplex Routers Port 7000 ( none ) access User
Xyplex Routers Port 7000 ( none ) system Admin
Xyplex switch 3.2 Console ( none ) ( none ) Admin
Xyplex Terminal Server Port 7000 ( none ) system Admin
Zcom Wireless SNMP root admin Admin
Zenith PC BIOS Console ( none ) Zenith Admin
Zenith PC BIOS Console ( none ) 3098z Admin
ZEOS PC BIOS Console ( none ) zeosx Admin
Zeus Zeus Admin Server 4.1r2 HTTP admin ( none )
Zyxel ISDN Router Prestige 100IH - ( none ) 1234
Zyxel prestige 600 series any ( none ) ( none )
zyxel prestige 300 series zynos 2.* ( none ) 1234
Zyxel prestige 300 series any ( none ) ( none )
ZyXEL Prestige 128 Modem - Router ( none ) 1234 Admin
ZyXEL Prestige FTP root 1234 Admin
ZyXEL Prestige Telnet ( none ) 1234 Admin
Zyxel ISDN - Router Prestige 1000 - ( none ) 1234
ZyXEL Generic Routers Telnet ( none ) 1234 Admin
ZyXEL 642R Telnet ( none ) 1234 Admin
ZyXEL 641 ADSL ( none ) 1234
Use them wisely !
Was it Daniel Pipes ’ endorsement of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that put the Holocaust - denying hard - liner over the top in Iran ’s recent presidential " election " ?
Or was it the massive – and fairly obvious – fraud committed by the Ahmadinejad camp ?
Joking aside , at least for the moment , one has to wonder : what else did anybody expect ?
Iranian elections have hardly been models of democratic governance in the past .
The supreme leader , Ayatollah Khamenei , prefigured the probable upshot of all this when he announced that a victory for leading opposition candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi would amount to a repudiation of him personally – and the crackdown we are witnessing could only have come about as a direct result of Khamenei ’s order .
The U.S. government – or , at least , one branch of it – did n’t help matters much .
Their fast - tracking of draconian new sanctions on Iran right before Iranians went to the polls could only have helped Ahmadinejad .
How ’s that for timing ?
In any case , the Mousavi challenge was a frontal assault on the legitimacy of the current regime , and they have responded just as tyrannical elites have always responded , with deadly force and brazen fraud .
Ahmadinejad has led his country into an economic dead end , with record unemployment , gas shortages , and a high inflation rate .
That , combined with U.S. President Barack Obama ’s remarkable outreach to the Iranians – a video message of friendship , an offer to negotiate with Iranian leaders without preconditions , and an unprecedented acknowledgment of the U.S. government ’s role in overthrowing Mohammed Mossadegh ’s democratically elected government in 1953 – would have sounded the death knell of the current gang if the election had been allowed to proceed unobstructed .
As it was , the hard - liners sealed off Iran from the rest of the world as Mousavi ’s overwhelming victory became apparent , placed the candidate under house arrest ( or so it seems from numerous unconfirmed news reports ) , shut down the Internet , and unleashed their " Revolutionary Guards " on student - led protest demonstrations .
The swiftness of the hard - liner response , however , can be deceiving .
Apparently , there was confusion in the Ahmadinejad camp as Mousavi ’s victory loomed large .
We are getting reports that the authorities informed Mousavi of his impending election victory before the polls had even closed , and he was advised to " moderate " his victory speech for fear of provoking a violent response from Ahmadinejad ’s supporters , many of whom are members of the " revolutionary " militias .
The reformist newspapers , too , were told they were not allowed to use the word " victory " in reference to Mousavi when reporting election results – but at least they were allowed to report it .
Or so they thought .
Shortly afterward , however , these same newspapers were taken over by armed assailants , Mousavi ’s election headquarters were surrounded by military forces under the hard - liners ’ command , and the regime ’s thugs were called out into the streets – where they met Mousavi ’s mostly youthful supporters in bloody clashes throughout the country .
Like Juan Cole , I will readily admit that I may be wrong about the veracity of the hard - liner coup narrative , and I may very well have fallen for what some are calling the " North Tehran Fallacy " – the idea that Western reporters were lured into believing that Mousavi was the winner because they are all based in a relatively affluent and Westernized part of the Iranian capital .
( Cole , by the way , denies the validity of the North Tehran thesis , though it seems plausible to me . )
Yet that really has no relevance to the main point of this column , which is this : America has no business intervening in Iran ’s internal affairs , including its presidential election .
Period .
To do so would play right into the hands of Iran ’s hard - liners – and their neoconservative cheerleaders ( both overt and covert ) in this country .
Whatever support the kooky Ahmadinejad had managed to garner – according to leaked and unconfirmed reports , about 30 percent of the total – was due almost entirely to external factors , principally the U.S. - led campaign to strangle the Iranian economy and rile up ethnic and religious minorities .
This , in turn , has redounded to the hard - liners ’ benefit , as anti-Americanism – long a staple of Iranian politics – has reached record levels throughout the region .
So far , the Obama administration has kept its collective mouth shut pretty tight – except , of course , for Joe Biden – and that ’s a good thing .
What is n’t so good is that the White House will almost surely be forced to pronounce some sort of verdict or judgment on the apparently fraudulent election results .
Criticism , however mild , coming from Washington , will surely be used by Ahmadinejad & Co. as a pretext to declare a state of " emergency " and engineer a total crackdown .
And the possibility of a dramatic showdown between the two Iranian camps is increasing by the moment : Mousavi is reportedly calling for his followers to take to the streets in protest – although there is some fear that this may be a trap set by the regime – and what follows may very well turn out to be an Iranian replay of what happened in China ’s Tiananmen Square , at least as far as the rest of the world sees it .
What this means , in terms of U.S. foreign policy , and the building " crisis " around U.S. - Iranian relations , is that the prospects for a negotiated settlement of the outstanding issues between the two countries have darkened considerably .
Yes , I know Obama has declared his intention to soldier on in the " outreach " effort , but this will become increasingly untenable – and make it fairly easy for him to backtrack – as the authority and legitimacy of the Iranian government continues to deteriorate , as it will .
And we should not forget that , in spite of public assurances from the U.S. president that the administration wants peace , is prepared to negotiate , and that it ’s time for " a new beginning , " the Americans continue their covert action operations directed at Tehran – as recent bombings and other disturbances in the eastern non-Persian provinces have shown .
Is the U.S. involved in the current street fighting in Tehran and other major cities ?
I would n’t be at all surprised to have this suspicion confirmed in coming days .
After all , in 2007 Congress appropriated $ 400 million to destabilize the Iranian regime , and who ’s to say this program is n’t bearing fruit ?
U.S. military leaders are vehemently opposed to launching yet another war in the Middle East , and their stubborn resistance to the idea – floated by Bush ’s neocon camarilla in the latter days of the Decider ’s reign – scotched the War Party ’s attempts to make sure Obama inherited a Middle East aflame .
Yet their efforts will have reached beyond the previous administration ’s grave – and succeeded in dragging Obama down with them into hell – if events in Iran provoke an ill - considered response from the U.S .
Whenever there are election " irregularities " anywhere outside the U.S. , American government officials have a bad habit of getting up on their high horses and lecturing the rest of the world on how best to conduct their own internal affairs .
Never mind that the U.S. itself has only two officially recognized political parties , both of which are subsidized with tax dollars , and that any potential rivals must jump through a number of hoops to even get on the ballot .
We ’re a legend in our own minds – the world ’s greatest " democracy " – and anyone who questions this dubious claim is immediately charged with " anti-Americanism . "
Yet even if that were not the case – even if our democratic procedures were flawless – that still would n’t give the U.S. government any standing to pass judgment , because how Iran conducts its presidential elections is not a legitimate concern of the U.S. government .
The idea that the occupant of the Oval Office must pass moral judgment on all events , including other countries ’ elections , is a byproduct of America ’s imperial pretensions and delusions of " world leadership . "
The Israel lobby , which has been pushing for a U.S. confrontation with Iran , is revving up its engines even now to push harder for increased sanctions and other provocative moves by the U.S. Obama , I fear , will prove unable to resist all that pressure , though I ’d love to be proven wrong .
Vatican city daily , L'Osservatore , may have a small circulation , but it is hitting the headlines in its own right .
So what really goes on in the offices of the pope 's in - house paper ?
Newspapers around the world may be suffering , but at least one very small one is making a big impression .
L'Osservatore Romano , the Vatican daily paper , sells only 12,000 copies .
Even taking account of its six weekly and one monthly edition in languages other than Italian , the total circulation is less than 100,000 .
And yet in recent months it has developed a knack of getting itself into other newspapers and media .
This week , it hit the spotlight again with a review of a book on Oscar Wilde that argued he was " one of the personalities of the 19th century who most lucidly analysed the modern world " .
Published in any other paper , it would have passed unnoticed .
But coming from the pope 's house organ , it was hailed as a sign that the Vatican had forgiven Victorian England 's most scandalous gay writer ( though , in fact , Wilde was received into the Catholic church on his death bed ) .
For a paper with such visibility , L'Osservatore could scarcely be harder to reach .
Anyone who tries to enter the Vatican soon finds their way blocked by a Swiss Guard .
But , at one of the side entrances , the Porta Sant 'Anna to the north of St Peter 's , if you have accreditation or a letter of authorisation , the guards in their florid Renaissance uniforms will wave you through .
Take the first street on the right and follow it to the end , and you will end up in front of a nondescript building of the sort that is disappointingly characteristic of much of the " secret city " .
There , on the first floor , is the office of the bearded and bespectacled academic who is responsible for much of the fuss .
Gian Maria Vian , a 57 - year - old former teacher of patristic philology , was put into the editorship of L'Osservatore Romano by the pope in 2007 , and has since proved to have a flair for controversy that would do credit to Max Clifford .
" This is a very special newspaper , which has enormous responsibilities because it is the newspaper of the pope , " he says .
" But at the same time it has to try to be normal . "
That is the big change .
Until two years ago , L'Osservatore was anything but normal .
Its relationship to the Vatican was like that of Pravda to the Soviet - era Kremlin .
There were two sorts of articles : those in which a Vatican department had directly intervened ( signalled to the knowledgeable by three discreet asterisks ) , and those that had been written by L'Osservatore 's staff , but with such care not to embarrass or offend that , with rare exceptions , they were stiflingly boring .
" When I took over the paper " , says Vian , " the pope wrote me a letter in which he said that L'Osservatore had to be present in the cultural debate . "
Now that may not sound to you or me like an explicit remit to jazz it up .
But Vian , who is perfectly attuned to the subtleties of Vatican communication ( his father was the chief librarian ) , is certain it was .
Just like Rupert Murdoch outlining his demands to a new editor of the Times , Benedict had a list of things he wanted to see in the revamped paper : " The pope asked me for more international coverage , more attention to the Christian East , and more space for women . "
Really ?
" Yes , get more women writing and devote more attention to women 's issues . "
So , like any editor keen to keep the proprietor happy , Vian hired L'Osservatore 's first - ever female staffer .
The daily and its various offshoots have a tiny complement of only 25 journalists , and a total staff of less than 100 .
Not the least interesting aspect of the changes that have swept through this tiny media outcrop is that they offer a quite different view of a pope generally regarded as ultra-conservative and a bit other - worldly .
Vian insists this is a caricature and that , insofar as the media is concerned , Benedict has a firm grasp of the processes involved .
" When the deputy editor and I were invited to see the pope to talk a bit about the paper three weeks after we were appointed , he gave us to understand that he'd like to see a few more pictures in it . "
Vian made it a rule to use colour photographs every day on the front and back as part of a redesign that he says has turned L'Osservatore into " one of the most elegant of European newspapers " .
But the really important difference is the content .
The paper 's international coverage is still closely monitored by the Vatican 's secretariat of state ( though Vian says its desk officers " do not go through every line " ) , but the cryptic asterisks have disappeared .
The new editor has freed his contributors to write about a much wider range of topics , and allowed them to express views that are not necessarily those of the Vatican , let alone Benedict XVI , but which catch the attention of outsiders all the same .
( When Britain 's ambassador to the Holy See , Francis Campbell , suggested to Vian that the prime minister might write a piece for the paper ahead of his visit to see the pope , he leapt at the idea , even though nothing like it had been done since L'Osservatore was founded in 1861 . )
Much as the editor welcomes the publicity , however , he says that a lot of it is generated by a fundamental misunderstanding .
" This is not an official newspaper . "
Referring to another recent article that made waves , he explains : " When we publish an article on Michael Jackson and say that he was an important phenomenon , that does not mean the pope is giving him his blessing . "
Some readers , though , would argue it does – or , at least , that it should .
In its former , dryer guise , if L'Osservatore liked or hated or took something into consideration , then it was a fair bet his holiness did too .
And now ?
Vian is almost impossible to pin down .
The paper may not be " official " , but he concedes that it " represents an authoritative point of view " .
L'Osservatore is a " newspaper of its environment that is conditioned by that environment " .
One theory among those who monitor the Vatican is that this ambiguity is actually quite useful to the pope and his advisers , because it can say things they may not believe but do not mind being said .
Vian says that the most heated controversy of his editorship so far arose over an editorial that he published ahead of President Obama 's visit to see Benedict earlier this month .
Conservative Catholics in the US and elsewhere were appalled to see that , despite the new president 's moves on abortion and stem - cell research , the Vatican 's daily took a positive view of his first 100 days .
There were calls for Vian to resign .
One Italian commentator branded him a pro-abortionist , and some in the US concluded he was a maverick liberal whose views ought not to be taken seriously .
In fact , Vian 's approach may have been closer to the pope 's than they thought .
The Vatican 's agenda stretches far beyond the pro-life / pro-choice battle and in many other areas , such as social justice , disarmament , the Middle East and Cuba , the US 's new Democratic administration is more in tune with its thinking than the previous Republican one .
Certainly , the editorial cleared the way for a cordial visit and what one insider described as the most substantive recent conversations held between a pope and a US president .
Clearly , Vian is still taken aback by the ferocity of that row , but reasons that " It 's a sign of interest .
It shows that we count . "
And , he says , while the controversies that have surrounded his editorship have not increased L'Osservatore 's circulation , " I consider that to be a success in the context of an Italian press which is suffering a truly dreadful crisis . "
In any case , as he quipped in an interview with the conservative US magazine National Review , " It 's my publisher , the owner , who is infallible , not me " .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has put cap - and - trade legislation on a forced march through the House , and the bill may get a full vote as early as Friday .
It looks as if the Democrats will have to destroy the discipline of economics to get it done .
Despite House Energy and Commerce Chairman Henry Waxman 's many payoffs to Members , rural and Blue Dog Democrats remain wary of voting for a bill that will impose crushing costs on their home - district businesses and consumers .
The leadership 's solution to this problem is to simply claim ...
Janie Osborne for The New York Times
Car 54 , where are you ?
Refueling with ethanol converted from wood scraps , perhaps , if the car belongs to the police department in Hoover , Ala .
The Birmingham News reported on Tuesday that Hoover is about to receive wood - based ethanol for fuel to gas up flex - fuel police and fire vehicles .
The wood scraps come from Hoover and will be processed into ethanol at a demonstration plant in nearby Livingston .
According to The News , the city later this week will receive 100 gallons of E - 85 fuel , a blend of 85 percent ethanol and 15 percent conventional gasoline .
“ We wanted to get there and show everybody we can do this in this country , ” said Mark Warner , the chief executive of Gulf Coast Energy , the plant operator .
Mr. Warner said he believed this will be the first time municipal wood waste has been transformed into a liquid fuel .
Wood is expected to be one of the principal “ cellulosic ” sources of ethanol in the future , which together may one day supplant corn , currently the principal source of ethanol in the country by far .
Cellulosic ethanol — a reference to cellulose , an energy - rich molecule in plants that scientists say can be converted to fuel — has been made in laboratories and small demonstration projects , but so far it has not been proven to be commercially viable on a large scale .
The Hellenic Data Protection Authority wants more information .
Greece 's data protection agency has banned Google from expanding its Street View service in the country , pending " additional information " from the firm .
Street View gives users a 360 - degree view of a road via Google Maps .
Authorities want to know how long the images would be kept on Google 's database and what measures it will take to make people aware of privacy rights .
A similar street mapping service , run by local ISP Kapou , was also suspended for the same reason .
In a statement , Google said that it had not seen the full details of the The Hellenic Data Protection Authority 's request , but had taken steps to protect people 's privacy .
" Google takes privacy very seriously , and that 's why we have put in place a number of features , including the blurring of faces and licence plates , to ensure that Street View will respect local norms when it launches in Greece , " the statement read .
" We have already spoken with the Hellenic Data Protection Authority to ensure that they understand the importance we place on protecting user privacy .
Now we wait for the domino effect
Simon Davies
Privacy International " Street View has not been banned in Greece .
We have received a request for further information and we are happy to continue discussing these issues with them .
We will discuss with them whether it is appropriate for us to continue driving in the meantime .
" Although that dialogue is ongoing , we believe that launching in Greece will offer enormous benefits to both Greek users and the people elsewhere who are interested in taking a virtual tour of some of its many tourist attractions . "
First launched in the US two years ago , Street View has now covers nine countries , including the United Kingdom and Google wants to expand the service to cover all of Europe .
Users zoom in to a given location in Google Maps , and then drag the " Pegman " icon above the zoom bar on to a given street .
A picture view of that street appears , which users can control to get a 360 - degree view of the area or to progress on street level , throughout the city .
Google says the service shows only imagery already visible from public thoroughfares .
Under fire
However , it has come in for criticism from some quarters , being accused of an invasion of privacy .
While many of these charges have been dismissed , either through the courts or by regional information commissioners , in some cases people have taken a more direct approach .
In April , residents near Milton Keynes blocked the driver of a Google Street View car when he started taking photographs of their homes saying the service was " facilitating crime " .
Google 's street mapping cars are , for now , being kept in neutral .
The Pentagon has also banned Google from filming near or inside its military bases , saying it posed a " potential threat " to security .
The director of the UK - based privacy watchdog Privacy International , Simon Davies , said the Greeks ' decision would set a precedent for other nations .
" This is fantastic news .
The Greek regulators understand the risks of future technology creep .
They have watched what has happened in the US and UK very carefully and will be familiar with the arguments on both sides .
" This highlights the difference between regulators - some will allow the public space to be exploited , others acknowledge that people 's privacy needs to be protected .
" Now we wait for the domino effect , as the Greek decision sets an example that others may follow - we will see what happens next in Central Europe . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The hundreds of Liberian families who sought refuge in Arizona fled a West African civil war that piled the unthinkable upon the more routine horrors of conflict , many at the hands of children .
In Phoenix the families thought they had put all that behind them but in recent days they , and much of the rest of Arizona 's capital , have grappled with what appears to be a terrible crime apparently made worse by an almost incomprehensible response .
It was bad enough that four boys , one only nine years old , allegedly lured an eight - year - old girl in to a shed with a promise of chewing gum and took turns raping and assaulting her .
But what followed has left Phoenix residents and authorities perplexed and angry .
When the police arrived , the girl 's mother told them to take her daughter away and not bring her back because she brought shame on the family by saying she was raped .
" Nothing has happened to my daughter .
Nobody has touched my daughter , " said the mother who can not be named in order to protect the identity of her daughter .
The child 's older sister said she only has herself to blame .
" I said to her :
It 's not good for you to be following guys because you 're still little , " she said .
" She always bring trouble . "
The girl has been taken in to care .
The police say there is evidence of rape .
They allege that the boys held the girl down and took turns to " brutally sexually assault " her for about 15 minutes .
The police were called when the girl was found screaming and with her clothes torn .
Four boys who were found running from the scene have been charged with kidnapping and sexual assault .
Steven Tuopeh , 14 , is being prosecuted as an adult .
The others , aged from nine to 13 , will be tried in juvenile court .
Now the mother is calling for her daughter 's alleged attackers to be released saying that it is an internal matter within the close - knit refugee community of about 1,200 Liberians who fled their country 's civil wars , notoriously brutal even by African standards , but can not escape their legacy .
The conflicts were marked by indiscriminate killing , mutilation and rape - and the recruitment of child soldiers who were responsible for all three often while high on drugs or alcohol .
Children were also frequently the victims of rape .
Many others witnessed killings , sometimes of parents .
Before they made it to America some were struggling by in refugee camps .
Lasana Kamara , who helped found a support organisation for Liberian refugees , the Arizona Mandingo Association , said that a culture of violence continues to grip children from the community .
" The families have been traumatised , the children have been traumatised .
Sometimes they have seen things .
Sometimes their parents were killed .
The violence they have seen is part of them .
They form gangs according to where they are from in Liberia , " said Kamara , who fled the west African state in 1992 and now works as a detention officer at a local sheriff 's jail .
" That war was total destruction .
With all they have seen , then coming here , it 's very difficult .
It 's going to take a very long time for the children to really get themselves together .
Every month we have meetings and tell the kids do n't do this .
But sometimes it 's beyond control . "
Some of the children were too young to have witnessed the conflict first hand , but they are still drawn in to its aftermath , particularly with attitudes toward violence and rape .
Sexual violence in Liberia may have been widespread but it was barely taken seriously .
The victims were often made to feel responsible .
Rape was outlawed in Liberia only in 2006 .
That law was passed by the country 's first female president , Ellen Johnson - Sirleaf , who has sought to remove the stigma by revealing that she was the victim of attempted rape during the war .
Johnson - Sirleaf criticised the girl 's family .
" I think that family is wrong .
They should help that child who has been traumatised and they should make sure that they work with the US law authorities to see what can be done about the other young boys who have committed this offence , " she said .
" Not only should they abide by the law , but they too need serious counselling because clearly they are doing something , something that is no longer acceptable in our society here . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
One of Gordon Brown 's senior officials has resigned after sending e-mails which discussed smearing senior Tories .
Damian McBride , the prime minister 's former political press officer , had apologised after the messages found their way to a Westminster blogger .
In them , Mr McBride made obscene and unfounded claims about David Cameron 's and George Osborne 's personal lives .
He called the suggestions " a few ideas I 've been working on for Red Rag " - a reference to a Labour website .
Mr McBride also wrote in the e-mails , sent from his official Number 10 address , that he had used a bit of '' poetic licence ' ' based on what was known , to '' put the fear of God into Osborne ' ' .
He described the first as a ' ' solid investigative story ' ' , but the other three as ' ' mainly gossipy , and intended to destabilise the Tories " .
Mr McBride added : '' Let 's think about how to sequence these in with others ' ' - a suggestion that a longer - term plan to place stories was being hatched .
Allegations were also made against the Tory backbencher Nadine Dorries , who says she is consulting her lawyers .
' Smear campaigns ' Paul Staines , writer of the Guido Fawkes blog , described the messages sent by Mr McBride as " obscene " .
A Number 10 spokesman said the messages were " juvenile and inappropriate " .
The spokesman added that nobody in Downing Street knew of the e-mails and that it was Mr Brown 's view that there was " no place in politics for the dissemination or publication of material of this kind " .
The Tories said it was absurd that advisers were " plotting smear campaigns rather than focusing on how to help people affected by the downturn " .
In his resignation letter , Mr McBride said he was " sickened " that Mr Staines had put the e-mails in the public domain and that he regretted embarrassing the government .
GUIDO FAWKES ' VIEW Paul Staines , author of the Guido Fawkes blog
Mission accomplished - McBride fired .
These are e-mails that orchestrate a campaign against Tory MPs and opponents of Downing Street .
This is not just a spat ... this is evidence of a long - term smear operation run out of Downing Street .
Guido Fawkes ' blog " I have already apologised for the inappropriate and juvenile content of my e-mails , and the offence they have caused , " he said .
" We all know that when a backroom adviser becomes the story , their position becomes untenable , so I have willingly offered my resignation . "
The e-mails were originally sent to former government spin doctor Derek Draper , who runs a pro-Labour blog , before they came to the attention of Mr Staines .
Mr Draper branded the idea of an orchestrated Downing Street campaign as " ridiculous " .
He said he had been sent the comments after canvassing Labour supporters about the prospect of setting up another blog to combat " right - wing tittle - tattle " posted on the internet .
However , former home secretary Charles Clarke had led calls for Mr McBride to be sacked and said his actions had brought " shame " on the Labour Party .
Despite the resignation , BBC political correspondent Ross Hawkins said Gordon Brown may not escape the political fall - out .
" For years Damian McBride has been one of the prime minister 's closest advisers , dealing with the press at the Treasury when Mr Brown was chancellor and moving with him to Downing Street , " he said .
" His special adviser status meant he was allowed to give partisan - and sometimes strident - political briefings to journalists . "
DEREK DRAPER'S VIEW Derek Draper , editor of Labour List blogging site
It 's a high price to pay is n't it for sending a silly e-mail to a mate , to lose your job .
In truth these were a bit juvenile and inappropriate and some were in bad taste though I have to admit some were also brilliant and rather funny .
The idea that this was some great smear campaign gives me and my internet work far too much credit and the idea that it was a big project orchestrated in Downing Street is ridiculous .
Labour List Mr Staines told the BBC : " The e-mails are intended to be anonymous smears ; they are obscene in cases , and would be impossible for a newspaper to publish .
They 're libellous and they 're untrue .
" In the e-mails , Damian McBride admits to using ' poetic licence ' .
He 's a civil servant , he 's exempt from the restrictions on being impartial and political , he 's not exempt from telling the truth . "
Ms Dorries said : " I want an apology from the prime minister .
" It 's completely unacceptable that this kind of behaviour takes place using taxpayers ' money . "
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said : " This whole episode has been quite disgraceful .
" This resignation is a clear admission that Gordon Brown 's team at Number 10 were involved in a deliberate attempt to spread unpleasant false rumours about opposition politicians .
" Gordon Brown needs to provide a clear explanation about what happened and who else was involved . "
Cabinet Office minister Liam Byrne said he thought Mr McBride had " done the honourable thing . "
But he stressed the emails had not been intended for publication .
" I think it is unfortunate that there are some people in the media who have decided to try and put these emails into the public domain , wave them in the public 's face , when even their very author decided that actually there was no place in public life or for public consumption for these emails , the right place for them was the bin .
" We do not think that there is any place in politics for innuendo , rumour or gossip .
It just brings public life down . "
Mr McBride , a special adviser in Downing Street , was removed from his job dealing with the media on a day - to - day basis in September 2008 .
He had stayed on in Number 10 , and was given responsibility for strategy and planning .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Identity Cards Act was introduced during the period of global insecurity following 9/11 – and during what some would say was the paranoia of the era of President Bush and his vice - president Dick Cheney .
The rule of law in the US was under constant threat , the Patriot Act and the Homelands Security Act spring to mind .
But it is noteworthy that even in the darkest days of the threats to the rule of law no attempt was made to establish a national identity card system in the US .
The Anglo - American tradition of civil liberties remained strong .
In our country New Labour , embracing the idea that the rules of law had changed , and , reinforced by a huge parliamentary majority , felt confident enough to introduce ID card legislation in 2006 .
But it soon became clear that on the most favourable view for the government the country was divided on the desirability of an ID card system .
Prudence dictated , therefore , that the scheme should be introduced in a phased way to condition and soften up public opposition .
What was the rationale of the scheme as put forward by the government ?
Initially , the justification was squarely based on the fight against terrorism .
However , the government has been forced to adapt that reasoning .
On 23 April 2009 during a debate in the House of Lords the parliamentary under secretary of state , Home Office ( Lord West of Spithead ) , explained the present policy of the government .
The prime reason for this scheme is not anti-terrorist .
It will provide a single , safe and secure way of protecting personal details and proving identity .
At the moment , we constantly have to show council tax bills , driving licences , electricity bills and so on as a way of proving our identity .
This is one absolutely secure way of doing it : it is a universal and simple proof of identity , which I think will bring convenience .
It helps to protect us against the use of multiple identities .
We know that criminals , illegal immigrants and terrorists all make use of multiple identities ; indeed , its training brochure shows that that is one of the things al - Qaida teaches its people to do .
This will stop that happening .
So while identity cards are not the complete answer to terrorism , they have an impact on it .
Liberty has correctly pointed out ( most recently in its response to the Home Office of February 2009 ) that ID cards have no value as far as security is concerned .
The attempt to justify the scheme on the grounds of the undoubted risk of terrorism is not sustainable .
ID cards and the national register are , of course , identity related but there is absolutely no evidence that they will improve security .
That is no doubt the reason why the government has not tried to bring ID cards into effect earlier .
It explains why Lord West had to resort to the argument of administrative convenience , which begs the question whether an invasion of English civil liberties is justified on grounds of mere administrative convenience .
The government has shifted to immigration as a reason for ID cards .
It argues that all foreign nationals ( except EU nationals who do not require visas ) are required to obtain an ID card when obtaining a visa .
The truth is that the information is already held on a person when they apply for a visa .
All foreign nationals will also need a passport when in the UK which establishes their identity in the same way as an ID card .
The immigration pretext is simply another way of getting the public conditioned to the use of ID cards .
The third reason advanced by the government , viz combating crime , is a Home Office fiction .
We all subscribe to the fight against crime .
But there is quite simply no evidence that the national identity register will serve to combat serious crime .
The Home Office is engaged in a concerted attempt to soften up public opposition to the ID card system by a phased introduction in stages .
This explains the introduction of ID cards for foreign nationals and for everyone upon application for a passport and driving licence and the Manchester experiment .
A central concern about the creation of a national identity register must be the privacy implications that flow from holding the personal data of millions of individuals .
Now I question whether the government 's competence in running an identity card system has been demonstrated .
Within the last two years there have been many serious data breaches , including one in which PA Consultancy , a Home Office contractor , lost a memory stick containing the details of 84,000 prisoners including unencrypted names , dates of birth and expected release dates – PA Consultancy has now been named as the Home Office 's " development partner " to " work on the design , feasibility testing , business case and procurement elements of the identity cards programme " .
The Department for Work and Pensions has found that civil servants are colluding with organised criminals to steal personal identities on " an industrial scale " .
These data breaches do legitimately prompt the question : should the British public have confidence in the scheme the government proposes to introduce ?
One must also bear in mind the cost of an ID card system .
The total cost of the scheme is apparently estimated at £ 3 bn .
I do not know what reliance can be placed on that figure .
Given past experience I would not back it .
One wonders whether , as we head into what may be a prolonged economic downturn , this is an opportune time for the introduction of an ID card system .
In the recent debate in the House of Lords to which I referred , Lord West stated on behalf of the Home Office that the public by and large support an ID card system .
He said that research showed that 59 % of people absolutely supported it .
It may well be that it is a sharply contested matter .
It may also be the case the supposed research is based on Home Office information to the effect ( as the previous home secretary recently said ) that ID cards will deliver real benefits to everyone including increased protection against criminals , illegal immigrants and terrorism .
If that is so , I would not place great value on such fragile strands of information .
I would place the word research in inverted commas .
For what it is worth , my untutored view is that the debate on ID cards is on its merits progressively turning against the government .
I bear in mind that countries , such as France and Germany , and other western European countries have ID card systems in place .
This is due to different historical and cultural developments from our own .
Our heritage is different .
In one of his English letters Voltaire said that the civil wars of Rome ended in slavery , and those of the English in liberty .
He wrote that the English were jealous of their liberty .
So they are .
The commitment , by and large , of the British people to European constitutional principles and ideals does not require us to adopt an ID card system .
In my view a national identity card system is not necessary in our country .
No further money should be spent on it .
The idea should be abandoned .
This is an abridged version of the Lord Williams of Mostyn Memorial Lecture to be delivered by Rt Hon Lord Steyn this evening
Samsung is to drop its 1.8 - inch hard disks to put its energies into solid state drives , according to a number of internet reports .
Digitimes reported that Samsung had suspended its development of HDD to change its focus to the SSD market , according its sources named only as notebook makers in Taiwan .
Several news sites are now reporting the move by the electronics company , which would leave Toshiba as the only manufacturer of the 1.8 inch HDDs .
The site said : " 1.8 - inch drives can save space and are recommended by Intel for ultra - thin notebooks or netbooks .
The shortage could trigger a price increase hampering notebook and netbook shipments for several vendors in third quarter 2009 . "
IT PRO contacted Samsung but it had not returned its request for comment at the time of publication .
SSD is becoming more and more prevalent in the market with Seagate announcing last week it will be releasing SSD products in the future and the chief executive of EMC , Joe Tucci claiming SSD will change the face of the industry .
However , affordable netbooks have been keeping the industry afloat during the economic downturn as PC sales continue to drop so if prices rise it could be problematic for manufacturers .
As shocking as the revelations about the expense claims of British MPs are , they are only in the halfpenny place in comparison with the powers that Irish politicians have to extract money from the taxpayer .
As an example , a sitting councillor who is elected to Dail Eireann may appoint a family member to be his secretary , thereby gifting him / her a salary in the region of € 40,000 a year .
The newly - elected TD may then also pass on his council seat to the same family member .
A councillor 's salary , expenses and allowances package is on average worth € 33,000 a year , so this , together with the secretarial salary of € 40,000 , gives a gross income in the region of € 70,000 .
This may all be gifted to a family member who has never received a single vote .
The financial package available to our part - time councillors is so valuable that if , at some point in the future , they fail to get re-elected to office , then they have to be compensated for the loss of future earnings .
TDs do n't , of course , have to submit vouchers for expenses , we simply give them lump sums for whatever amounts they think they are worth .
Gearoid O Dubhain
Rochestown , Co Cork
Exxon Mobil ’s stellar earnings growth in recent years had hardly disappointed its investors .
But now , the company whose profit for last year was the largest in corporate history is slipping in its performance .
Exxon Mobil said Thursday that its second - quarter profit tumbled 66 percent , a sign the company was not immune to lower oil prices and weaker demand .
The company reported that its net income fell to $ 3.95 billion , or 81 cents a share , from $ 11.68 billion , or $ 2.22 a share , in the period a year ago .
The results were well below market estimates of $ 1.02 a share and the weakest for the company since the third quarter of 2003 , reflecting lower oil and gas production and losses at the company ’s domestic refining business .
Exxon ’s shares fell 1 percent , or 71 cents , on Thursday to close at $ 70.72 .
Again another image gallery .
Click on the images bellow to see it in action .
Implement
Attach the Javascript and CSS files to your document .
Edit CSS file and fix the paths to images and change colors to fit your site theme .
Important : be sure to include Javascript files in the specific order as in the example below .
< link rel=" stylesheet " media= " screen " type =" text/css " href="css/spacegallery.css " /> < script type =" text / javascript " src=" js/eye.js " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " src="js/utils.js " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " src="js/spacegallery.js " ></ script >
Invocation code
Prepare a block level element with some images inside .
All you have to do is to select the elements in a jQuery way and call the plugin .
$ ('# myGallery ' ) .spacegallery({loadingClass : ' loading '} ) ;
Options
A hash of parameters .
All parameters are optional .
This image has been flagged for review and is only visible to moderators !
This picture has been deleted and is only visible to administrators !
https://cdn.imagefap.com/images/full/39/196/1962592076.jpg?end=1601576632&secure=0db7b59b6f484a260d338
You can navigate using your keyboard
Loading ...
Update :
Thanks to all who have participated in the kissing survey .
The polls are now closed , but my associated cognitive neuroscience experiment begins next week .
You can follow the research live on Twitter @ Sheril_
.
My next book deals with a subject I 've written extensively about on and off the blog .
I even helped to facilitate a popular symposium at last years AAAS meeting on topic ...
The Science of Kissing will be an interdisciplinary look at why and how we kiss , drawing on neuroscience , classical history , evolutionary biology , anthropology , and popular culture .
Without giving away too much detail , I ’ll say that it ’s been extremely interesting to compose so far and more fascinating than I ever imagined .
And then I got to thinking ... Why merely report on the science when there are obvious next steps in research ?
So I did what anyone in my position would .
I called up a neuroscientist .
The wonderful Dr. David Poeppel has kindly agreed to help me conduct a a cognitive neuroscience experiment next month and now I need you to help us plan the methodology .
Results will be featured in the book !
Here 's what to do :
Below the fold you ’ll see a 15 photos ( labeled A - O ) of couples kissing .
We need you to help us categorize them into three groups : 1 ) erotic - passionate / sexually - charged kiss 2 ) friendship - kiss between friends 3 ) relationship - affectionate kiss implying commitment I ’m turning off comments on this post so responses wo n’t be biased .
To participate , email me
(
srkirshenbaum@yahoo.com ) with the list of letters ( A - O ) and corresponding rank ( 1 , 2 , or 3 ) based on how you perceive each image .
Names and contact information will not be shared or published .
Thanks to all for participating and please do encourage friends to take our survey as well !
( photos removed when survey ended )
He has also observed , however , how the melting of Arctic ice , supposedly threatening the survival of the bears , has rocketed to the top of the warmists ' agenda as their most iconic single cause .
The famous photograph of two bears standing forlornly on a melting iceberg was produced thousands of times by Al Gore , the WWF and others as an emblem of how the bears faced extinction – until last year the photographer , Amanda Byrd , revealed that the bears , just off the Alaska coast , were in no danger .
Her picture had nothing to do with global warming and was only taken because the wind - sculpted ice they were standing on made such a striking image .
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) --
The scene was more reminiscent of a Hollywood production than an elaborate prank by the Punk 'd - master himself .
A banner with Ashton Kutcher 's Twitter name , aplusk , was unfurled Wednesday over the CNN logo at CNN Center .
Ashton Kutcher , along with his wife , Demi Moore , dropped by Atlanta , Georgia 's CNN Center on Wednesday to fulfill his promise to " ding - dong - ditch " CNN founder Ted Turner 's house after winning last April 's race to attract 1 million followers on the micro- blogging site Twitter .
With the precision of a Hollywood director , Kutcher barked into his two - way radio as his light and sound crews followed with the Twitter entourage hot on their heels and an Internet audience watching on Ustream .
Moments after Kutcher yelled " lights " into his two - way , his crew unfurled a banner with his Twitter name , aplusk , over the CNN 's neon logo on the building .
Watch how Kutcher 's prank turned out »
" You know , CNN lost .
That 's what happened , " Kutcher told a tag - along crowd of more than 100 fans whom he calls " tweeps . "
" I 'm just fulfilling a promise I made ... that I 'd do this thing and I 'm doing it . "
Kutcher had challenged CNN to the Twitter race , saying he would donate 10,000 mosquito bed nets to charity for World Malaria Day if he beat CNN , and 1,000 if he lost .
CNN agreed to do the same .
Follow CNN Breaking News on Twitter
Kutcher reached the goal about 30 minutes before CNN passed the mark .
Kutcher acknowledged Wednesday that he would have to improvise to prank Turner .
" Ted does n't really have an accessible home , and Ted does n't really have an accessible doorbell , " he said .
In an earlier prank Wednesday , Kutcher and his crew arrived at a Ted 's Montana Grill restaurant , which is named after the media mogul .
The group neatly stacked hundreds of boxes of Ding Dongs in front of the restaurant , then each person banged a bronze bell out front .
" Do n't be shy ; get involved , " Kutcher crowed from the top of a U - Haul van filled with Hostess Ding Dongs .
" There are 800 boxes of Ding Dongs .
There are approximately 9,600 Ding Dongs here , " said the former star of MTV's " Punk 'd " show .
" We have to deliver these to Ted . "
Turner originally founded CNN in 1980 , but he is no longer affiliated with the company .
All About CNN Center • Ted Turner • Ashton Kutcher • Twitter Inc .
Ring is one of the most ancient jewelry and one of the way to express yourself .
This collection consists of 30 + unusual and stylish rings .
You ’ll be suprised by imagination of theirs creators .
This golden ring has a diamond .
But only the owner would know about it .
This ring can be used like small glass .
This one will be usefull for those who have a bad memory .
It fixates the date you need to remember .
Danish artist Alidra Alic represents you unusual flower rings .
The tulip ring is made out of silver and plastic .
The hyacinth ring is made out of silver , plastic and strawberry quartz .
French design extraordinaire Philippe Tournaire ’s stunning new Dream House collection features a series of miniature buildings , including famous sights like the Vizcaya Hotel in Florida and the New York skyline .
Rings look like car wheels .
Ring with a concrete inside .
These rings could be used like wedding rings for the couple of musicians .
This one was created specifically for programmers
The strange and unusual world of steam punk .
These London Particulars vintage rings are from the private collection of Professor Aubrey Thistlequick …
South Korean police were not able to carry through with a pledge to enter a Ssangyong Motor Co. factory , which has been occupied by fired workers for almost two months , as the carmaker tries to resume production at the plant .
About 800 fired employees were still in a paint shop , confronting more than 3,000 police as of 5:22 p.m. in Seoul , Ssangyong spokesman Cha Ki Woong said by phone at the plant in Pyeongtaek , where the automaker is based .
Ssangyong came under court control in February , after facing a “ serious ” cash shortage as the global recession damped demand for the automaker ’s sport-utility vehicles while it lost domestic customers to Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp .
The occupation has caused production losses of about 10,800 vehicles worth 230 billion won ( $ 183 million ) as of July 15 , according to the automaker .
The Gyeonggi Provincial Police Agency said earlier today it will enter the factory to assist a court officer demanding the former employees leave the factory .
The court officer left after failing to deliver the document , said Ssangyong ’s Cha .
Police spokesman Kim Dong
Ho declined to comment .
A strikebreaking Ssangyong worker was hit by a projectile from the occupied factory and was sent to the hospital .
Ssangyong plans to eliminate 36 percent of its workforce to return to profit and meet a Sept. 15 court deadline to submit a restructuring plan to avoid liquidation .
About 800 workers are still in the plant and they ’ll resist “ in the face of death ” if police tries to forcibly disperse them , union spokesman Lee Chang Kun said by phone .
The output losses at Ssangyong will rise to 14,590 vehicles worth 316 billion won by the end of July if the former workers continue the occupation , which has stopped Ssangyong ’s production entirely .
Last month , an attempt to retake the factory resulted in between 10 and 20 injuries as company - hired security guards and the occupying workers scuffled .
Appearing at his Senate confirmation hearing General Stanley McChrystal , the US commander sent to turn the tide of war in Afghanistan , was asked whether he would be seeking advice from David Kilcullen , “ Yes I will , ” said the General to nods of approval “ David Kilcullen is a friend of mine , I think he talks a lot of sense ” .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The name would not have meant much to people outside the closed world of the military , diplomats and politicians .
But , away from the limelight , Kilcullen , an Australian army colonel has been hugely influential in shaping policies in the later chapters of the ‘ war on terror ’ .
He will play a part in shaping how the new strategy in Afghanistan , described as a defining moment in the conflict , is played out .
Kilcullen was counter - insurgency advisor to both Condoleeza Rice when she was US Secretary of State , and General David Petraeus , helping the American commander plan the ‘ surge ’ which reduced the level of carnage in Iraq .
He ended up with the grand and rather convoluted title of Chief Strategist in the Office of the Coordinator for Counterterrorism .
A book he has recently written , The Accidental Guerilla , is being avidly studied by British and American military bound for the battlefield of Afghanistan .
Kilcullen , who holds a
Phd in anthropology , was “ borrowed ” in 2004 by Paul Wolfowitz , then Deputy Defence Secretary and one of the architects of the Iraq war to join his staff .
However , during his subsequent rise through the US hierarchy the Australian has paid little lip service to neo -con tenets .
On one occasion he was quoted in a magazine , the American Independent , saying the Iraq war was “ fucking stupid ” .
Unsurprisingly he received a telephone call from his boss , Condoleeza Rice , stressing that people like Dick Cheney were most displeased , and a public clarification must be issued as soon as possible .
This duly came with Kilcullen saying “ I can categorically state that the word ‘ fucking ’ was said off the record ” .
Another phone call from Ms Rice “ David , David this is not what we meant at all ……. ”
Afghanistan , Lt Col Kilcullen points out , is a very different war morally , historically and logistically .
“ Perhaps the most stupid thing about Iraq was invading the country in the first place ” he said over dinner during a visit to London .
“ But we were where we were in Iraq and what we tried to do was try and end the terrible bloodshed which was going on , protect the people .
This was Gen Petraeus ’s plan and I think it worked to a large extent , ”
Kilcullen , who has now left US government service , had taken part in fact - finding missions to Afghanistan and had held meetings with Gen McChrystal .
He insists that although Western forces were on borrowed time there was still a hope of turning the war around .
He believes , however , that Nato is making major mistakes in Afghanistan with one of the most serious being the use of unmanned Drones to carry out targeted killings in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The Independent revealed this week that Lord Bingham , a former senior Law Lord , called the legality of these attacks into question .
Kilcullen said “ These strikes are totally counter - productive .
It is a strategic error to personalise the conflict in this way , it ’ll strengthen the enemy and weaken our friends .
How can one expect the civilian population to support us if we kill their families and destroy their homes . ”
What the West risks throwing away is the “ support of the vast majority of the people .
They may not like some of the things we do , but they do not want the Taliban back .
But let ’s not be complacent , in the three years since 2005 we have seen a 500 per cent increase in violence in the country , support for the legitimacy of the government of [ President Hamid ] Karzai is pretty weak .
It is no exaggeration to say this is a critical year in Afghanistan .
If we do n’t get it right this year then we may not succeed .
But the good thing is that the American ’s are now focusing on Afghanistan .
It may be late , but they are focusing . ”
One example of the American focus on Afghanistan , Barack Obama ’s war , was the appointment of Gen McChrystal , a former special forces officer and one of Petraeus ’s team in Iraq .
He replaced Gen David McKiernan who , in the process , became the first American commander to be relieved of his post since General Douglas MacArthur during the Korean War .
Kilcullen , another one of Petraeus ’ boys from Baghdad , declares that McChrystal is the ideal man for such a difficult mission .
“ He realises that this is not just a military matter , it is a matter of governance and reconstruction .
We now have more troops in south in Helmand and Kandahar .
This gives us the opportunity to build , to some constructive , on our military gains .
I really do n’t think that Nato can afford to miss this opportunity . ”
Kilcullen was among those who persuaded the US administration that one cannot hope to solve the situation in Afghanistan without getting involved in Pakistan .
“ What will happen in Pakistan is absolutely critical .
There are sections of the military and the security apparatus which are a rogue state within a state .
They have a long history of supporting the Taliban , we have an elected government in Pakistan but they have no control over these elements ” .
And the future ?
“ We are looking at ten years at least in Afghanistan , and that is the best case scenario and at least half of that will be pretty major combat .
This is the commitment needed , and this is what people in America and Britain should be told , and they should be told that there will be a cost involved . ”
Can Cell Phone Towers Predict The Next ' Hurricane Katrina ' ?
Though New Orleans residents were told to evacuate days before the arrival of Hurricane Katrina , no one could have predicted the real extent of the devastation that would follow .
Researchers from Tel Aviv University say they may be ableto make just such a prediction in the future .
They say a reliable way to help predict the intensity of the next big flood can use common cell phone towers across the United States .
Their model , which analyzes cell phone signals , adds a critical component to weather forecasting never before available .
" By monitoring the specific and fluctuating atmospheric moisture around cell phone towers throughout America , we can cheaply , effectively and reliably provide a more accurate ' critical moisture distribution ' level for fine - tuning model predictions of big floods , " says Prof.
Pinhas Alpert , a geophysicist and head of Tel Aviv University 's Porter School for Environmental Education .
Cell phone towers emit radio waves that are diminished by moisture in the air , a factor that can be used to improve model warnings on flood levels .
In addition , the researchers measured the rainfall distributions and were able to accurately estimate the size of impending floods before they struck .
This was demonstrated in post - analysis of two case - studies of floods in the Judean Desert in Israel , where cell phone towers - and flash floods - are abundant .
Using real data measurements collected from the towers , the researchers demonstrated how microwave links in a cellular network correlated with surface station humidity measurements .
The data provided by cell phone towers is the missing link weather forecasters need to improve the accuracy of flood forecasting .
The microwave data used in this study was supplied by two cellular providers Cellcom and Pelephone in Israel .
Can texting save lives ?
" Our method provides reliable measurement of moisture fields near the flood zone for the first time , " notes Prof .
Alpert , who also works with NASA on developing models to study global warming weather patterns .
This new tool , he says , can add to the bigger picture of understanding climate change patterns in general .
" Accurate predictions of flooding were difficult before because there have n't been enough reliable measurements of moisture fields in remote locations , " Prof .
Alpert adds .
Using the signals collected from cell phone towers as they communicate with base stations and our handsets , weather forecasters will now have a crucial missing piece of information for flood prediction that they never had before .
It will permit forecasters and residents alike to more accurately gauge the danger they face from an impending flood .
Because hundreds of thousands of cell phone towers are already in place , the Tel Aviv University invention can be adopted quickly .
And cell phone companies are already collecting the data anyway , as Americans continue to ramp up their minutes of call time every month .
Alpert and his co-researchers Prof. Hagit Messer Yaron and doctoral fellow Noam David reported on their research in the April 2009 Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics .
Bruce Logan and co-workers at Pennsylvania State University have found that a microbe , most likely Methanobacterium palustre , can synthesize methane using electrons directly from current in addition to using hydrogen gas ( DOI 10.1021/es803531g ) .
This fundamental discovery could lead to an efficient way to generate methane , the main component of natural gas , from electricity and could have other environmental applications .
Despite its name , M. palustre is not a bacterium but an archaeon .
It is also a methanogen , which means it can reduce CO 2 to methane with H 2 as an electron donor .
Now , Logan and colleagues have found that this microbe appears to use electrons from current .
“ We think this is the first direct evidence that methanogens can accept electrons , ” says Logan .
“ Efficient methane production fueled by electrons directly from an electrode is an important discovery ! ” says Yuri Gorby , who studies electrically conductive appendages produced by bacteria ( know as bacterial nanowires ) at the J. Craig Venter Institute in San Diego .
“ What is significant about this publication is the reported efficiency of energy transformation ; 80 % efficiency is pretty darn good .
As a microbial physiologist and ecologist , the questions become , ‘ What is the mechanism , and does this occur in nature ? ’
Although this article does not address these questions , it provides hope that it is at least possible . ”
“ Methanogenic archaea have a unique biochemistry , employing cofactors and enzymes not commonly present in other types of microorganisms , ” explain microbial physiologists Alfons Stams and Jeanine Geelhoed at Wageningen University ( The Netherlands ) .
Stams and Geelhoed note that , in the current paper , the authors ’ interpretation of their results is based on the observation that little or no hydrogen is produced in a similar setup without microorganisms .
Although the authors show convincingly that methanogens are essential , Stams and Geelhoed believe that the study does not unequivocally rule out the possibility that hydrogen is formed first and is the electron donor for CO 2 reduction .
They note that bacterial and / or archaeal enzymes may mediate electron transfer between the electrode surface and cells .
They also suggest that a possible role for hydrogen could be ruled out experimentally by using a compound that inhibits methanogenesis .
“ Further research is clearly necessary to obtain insight of the molecular mechanism of electromethanogenesis and electrohydrogenesis , ” they say .
The direct transfer of electrical current , or more precisely , electrons , to methanogens suggests that it may be possible to generate methane from wind or solar power sources ; the methane could then be stored as fuel for later use , says Logan .
At the moment , you can make biofuels from about anything that ’s biodegradable , but it ’s a complex process , explains Logan .
To make methane electrochemically directly from CO 2 is difficult because there is a big overpotential .
But methanogens can do it very easily and have been for eons .
What the paper implies is this : if you have a source of current , you have a source of electrons , and you can make methane electrochemically .
“ Let ’s say the sun is shining during the day , and you are making solar energy , great !
Then nighttime comes ; what do you do ? ” asks Logan .
“ If you had a big capacitor or battery you could store the energy , or you could make a fuel like hydrogen or methane .
Some people say hydrogen is too difficult to compress and to store , [ but ] nobody says that about natural gas .
We ’ve got pipelines of natural gas all over the world , and it ’s used in conventional engines .
It ’s no problem to use at all , ” Logan concludes .
Korneel Rabaey , who is at the University of Queensland ( Australia ) and is an expert on bioelectrical systems , believes that while the discovery that methanogenic archaea can perform extracellular electron transfer is exciting , it ’s mainly interesting from a scientific rather than a practical viewpoint .
The next step is to demonstrate this with an isolated methanogen , and that is a worthwhile challenge , according to Rabaey .
Logan ’s group is already working on it .
Cited By
" History provides numerous examples of non-independent central banks being forced to finance large government budget deficits .
Such episodes invariably lead to high inflation . "
Fed governor Donald Kohn argues against Ron Paul 's bill to audit the Fed : Damn good thing the Fed is " independent " ( as it happens , Paul 's bill would not remove its " independence " in decision making , it would only make it easier for others to see what they 're doing ) then , so that we wo n't have to experience announcements by the Fed that they will help finance the large budget by buying $ 300 billion of longer - term Treasuries ..... Kohn 's argument reminds me of former Fed chairman Arthur Burns ' statement that the Fed needs to do what the President wants , or it will lose its independence ....
New details of how Britain would have been governed in the event of a nuclear war from the 1960s into the 1990s have been disclosed with the publication of the secret War Book .
The document , over 16 chapters , gives precise plans and instructions for what would have been done by officialdom during the build - up to an international confrontation and after the bombs started falling .
There are indications that aspects of the arrangements have been adapted for use during other , domestic , emergencies since the cold war , including the fuel protests in 2000 .
Although some of the plans have been revealed before – including earlier this year the scripts that would have been broadcast by the BBC in the event of a nuclear war , instructing the public not to panic – governments of the period left nothing to chance , including the censoring of private mail .
The country would have been divided into 12 regions , each governed by cabinet ministers with wide powers , aided by senior military officers , chief constables and judges and based in bunkers .
Other senior figures would have retreated to a central government shelter under the Cotswolds .
The plans all assumed that the confrontation would be with the Soviet Union .
Among the possible scenarios spelled out in the autumn of 1968 was escalating tension following a Soviet moon landing and troop movements in eastern Europe .
The historian and Whitehall specialist Peter Hennessy , who persuaded officials to release the document , said that the book spelled out what would have happened in detail .
Hennessy , professor of contemporary history at Queen Mary University of London , told the BBC's Today programme : " The surprise really is the width and magnitude of it – 16 chapters to get the nation from a peacetime footing to a total war footing .
It is a remarkable enterprise .
" It was done by people who had to do it .
It must have been one of the most terrible jobs in Whitehall during the cold war .
It literally was requiring people in immense security to peer into the abyss . "
The book apparently formed the basis for regular exercises every two years by senior civil servants , with daily internal briefings , the organisation of national preparedness schemes including the stockpiling of food and building materials for shelters and , as the threat grew more imminent , the removal of art treasures from London to Scotland and the emptying of hospitals of all but the most acutely ill .
David Young , a former Ministry of Defence civil servant who took part in the mock exercises , told the programme : " R - hour would be the final release of nuclear weapons .
There may have been an earlier tactical use … but R - hour was [ when ] everything that 's left goes .
That 's not an easy decision to participate in .
Even though you know it is just an exercise , it makes you think . "
Young said ministers were not encouraged to take part in the exercises : " They would be disinclined to play by the rules .
Some of them quite liked talking , so you 'd get behind time and there would be a fear that if they showed a reluctance to do what the military believed was necessary , that this would weaken deterrence . "
Another former civil servant , Sir David Ormand , who became permanent secretary at the Home Office , said he took part in exercises into the 1990s .
" My favourite measure , the one which always aroused a lot of debate … was the introduction of censorship for private correspondence .
You can imagine that was something that ministers would only agree to right at the very end when it was clear that war was inevitable . "
He said that some of the contingency plans had been adapted and brought into use during the 2000 fuel protests , which threatened to cut off petrol supplies :
" We took over the bunker and installed a chief constable and representatives of the oil companies and some civil servants and we built from scratch a crisis management machine .
That 's exactly what you do n't want to have to do in a crisis , because a lot of time 's spent just organising who 's going to talk to who and how it 's going to work . "
Young told the programme : " I participated in one R - hour in the early hours of the morning and I remember reporting on it afterwards through the newly installed closed circuit TV and foolishly saying , because of the day of the week , ' There we are , R - hour , sic transit gloria Thursday ' .
" The exercise was taken very seriously and jokes were frowned on , even if they were elegant puns on Latin phrases - ' so passes the world 's glory ' .
I subsequently learned the foreign secretary , Alec Douglas Home , said : ' Who is that very foolish young man ? ' "
Enter a keyword in Folx
It is easily the best torrent search app because without you leaving its interface , Folx will search through the extensive list of torrent trackers at once .
Find torrent and download
When you see the torrent that is perfect for you – click Download next to it .
That ’s how easy it is !
“ I absolutely love Folx as a free download manager Mac .
It 's now officially my go to download search engine .
I search and download very quickly right from the app window .
Solid stuff , thats a great product right there .
And I 'm looking forward to using the PRO version .
I can't wait to experience that .
Thank you ! ”
Graham Miller
The Uighurs at Guantanamo have been declared not to be enemy combatants
China has demanded the return of 17 Chinese Muslim Uighur detainees held by the United States at Guantanamo Bay .
America should " stop handing over terrorist suspects to any third country , " foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang said .
Palau , a former US Pacific territory which does not recognise China , has agreed to accept the ethnic Uighurs .
US President Barack Obama has ordered the Guantanamo detention centre closed by early next year .
Some 22 Uighurs were captured by United States forces during their invasion of Afghanistan and taken to the detention base in Cuba but were found not to be enemy combatants four years ago .
Albania re-settled five of them in 2006 but , correspondents say , fear of Chinese retaliation has prevented Tirana from further cooperation .
CHINA'S UIGHURS Ethnically Turkic Muslims , mainly in Xinjiang Made bid for independent state in 1940s Sporadic violence in Xinjiang since 1991 Uighurs worried about Chinese immigration and erosion of traditional culture
The US has been reluctant to send the Uighurs back to China for fear they will be tortured or executed .
There are more than eight million Uighurs living in the Chinese province of Xinjiang , a vast area of western China that borders Central Asia .
Correspondents say many members of the mainly Muslim community say they suffer Chinese political and religious persecution .
Beijing says Uighur insurgents are leading an Islamic separatist movement .
China says the 17 due to be sent from Guantanamo to Palau are members of the East Turkestan Islamic Movement , which is on the United Nations list of terrorist groups .
" China urges the US to implement the UN Security Council 's relevant resolutions and its international obligations on counter - terrorism , " Mr Qin said .
' Humanitarian ' US officials asked Palau President Johnson Toribiong on 4 June to accept some or all of the remaining 17 Uighur detainees due to strong US congressional opposition to releasing them on US soil .
Mr Toribiong said his government had " agreed to accommodate the United States of America 's request to temporarily resettle in Palau up to 17 ethnic Uighur detainees ... subject to periodic review . "
The US has 50 to 60 detainees whom it has been unable to repatriate
In a statement , he said his tiny country is " honoured and proud " to resettle the detainees , who have been found not to be " enemy combatants " .
He said the agreement was a " humanitarian gesture " , which had nothing to do with the upcoming review of the Compact of Free Association , under which the US gives large sums to Palau .
Palau , with a population of about 20,000 , is an archipelago of eight main islands plus more than 250 islets located some 800 km ( 500 miles ) east of the Philippines in the Pacific Ocean .
Palau has retained close ties with the United States since independence in 1994 when it signed the Free Compact of Association with the US .
It relies heavily on the US for aid and defence .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Gary Duffy
BBC News , Sao Paulo
Brazilian police are investigating after 64 containers with more than 1,400 tonnes of hazardous UK waste were found in three of the country 's ports .
The authorities say that among the material which was brought in illegally they discovered batteries , syringes , condoms and nappies .
Since the initial discovery , another 25 containers with hospital waste were found , also apparently from England .
In a statement the British Embassy in Brazil promised " immediate steps " .
It said the UK was completely opposed to any kind of illegal trade in waste .
Dumping ground
The discovery of the containers has caused widespread anger and comment here with one official saying Brazil was not prepared to be " the world 's rubbish bin " .
The finds were made in the port of Santos near to Sao Paulo and two other ports in the southern state of Rio Grande do Sul .
The authorities say they fear it may represent an attempt to use South America 's largest country as a dumping ground for hazardous waste in the way that has happened in other parts of the world , including Africa .
Among the material found in the containers were batteries , syringes , leftover food , condoms and nappies .
Public resentment over the issue increased when it was revealed that inside one of the containers was a collection of dirty toys with a note in Portuguese saying they should be washed before being given to " poor Brazilian children " .
After a further investigation more containers were found in which there is said to be hospital waste including bags full of blood .
Five companies have already been fined in Brazil but lawyers for the importers say they were deceived and believed they were being sent plastic for recycling .
The authorities in Brazil are investigating the possible involvement of two UK companies , and the British Embassy says that , where there has been any breach in the strict international controls on the export of waste , the government will not hesitate to take action .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Neda Becomes The Symbol of The Iranian Revolution
Latest Updates : 6/22/09 @ 3:00 AM
( US / PST ) :
The Revolutionary Guard threatens to crush any further protests .
There will be a candle light memorial for Neda at 5 PM in 7 Tir Square in Tehran .
The Guardian Council has admitted voting irregularities that could amount to 3 Million votes .
Updated : 6/21/09 @ 9:10 PM
( US / PST )
The Iranian state radio just reported that 457 people were arrested after clashes between demonstrators & security forces in Tehran on Saturday .
Mousavi ’s supporters largely stayed off the streets on Sunday , as the Iranian government increased the crack down of Saturday .
Iranian authorities have arrested around 23 journalists & blogger since the beginning of the protest a week ago , according to the French based organization Reporters Without Borders .
Among them , the head of the Association of Iranian journalists .
The correspondent of the BBC was asked to leave Iran by the authorities .
Mousavi is urging his supporters to remain calm , resolute & defiant .
He also announced on his web site today that a strike would occurred tomorrow , Monday 22nd of June , at 5:00 PM in Tehran .
All bazaars , shops , oil workers and banks may go on strike .
He stated that the crucial element is to stop the flow of oil .
Yesterday , he issued this statement to the Iranian people saying that he would welcome martyrdom .
Mousavi seems to be gaining support from some senior clerics opposed to the hard line handling of the crisis by the Supreme Leader .
On the following link , you will find around the clock & comprehensive Iran election aftermath news updates coming from reliable world wide news sources .
1 Adam : {holding a book}
Hey Jamie !
Have you heard about this wacky thing ?
The Banach - Tarski theorem ?
2 Adam : Apparently you can cut a sphere into five pieces and reassemble them into two complete spheres , each the same size as the original .
It 's mathematically proven !
3 Jamie : Yeah , it 's really counter - intuitive .
It 's surprising that it can't be done with just four pieces .
4 Adam :
You 're a sick , sick individual .
4 Jamie : I used to be just sick .
I think I may really have bitten off more than I can chew this time .
Let 's start and see how far we get .
The Banach - Tarski theorem is a mathematical theorem that states that a solid sphere can be divided into pieces such that the pieces can be reassembled into two spheres , with each sphere the same size as the original sphere .
This sounds crazy , and for good reason .
If you take a rubber ball and cut it up , there 's no way you can reassemble the pieces into two balls , each the same size as the original .
Assuming you 're not doing anything tricky like stretching the pieces .
It 's important to point out up front that the Banach - Tarski theorem only applies to mathematically ideal objects , not to physical objects .
The theorem relies on certain properties of real numbers , namely that there are infinitely many of them , and that you can't match up real numbers one - for - one with the natural numbers ( refer back to the annotation to comic # 2292 ) .
In any physical sphere , there are not infinitely many atoms - there are only a finite number that you can pull apart and rearrange .
You can't suddenly double the number of atoms - there would be twice as many !
This is not such a problem for the real numbers .
How many real numbers are there between 0 and 1 ?
Referring back to # 2292 again , there are infinitely many .
What 's more , there are so many that you can't match them up one - for - one with natural numbers .
How many real numbers are there between 0 and 2 ?
Again , infinitely many ... but :
Consider a function ( refer to # 1640 ) that multiplies numbers by 2 .
If we apply this function to any number x between 0 and 1 , we multiply the number by 2 , and we end up with a number y between 0 and 2 .
Furthermore , for every number y between 0 and 2 , there is exactly one number x - between 0 and 1 - that when multiplied by 2 gives the number y.
( Specifically , it is y / 2 . )
In other words , the real numbers between 0 and 1 can be matched one - for - one with the real numbers between 0 and 2 .
In one sense , there are twice as many numbers between 0 and 2 as there are between 0 and 1 ( because 0 to 2 is twice as " long " as 0 to 1 ) ; but in another sense there are exactly the same number of numbers between 0 and 2 as there are between 0 and 1 .
This is beginning to approach the level of comfort you need with the quirks of infinite collections of numbers to understand the Banach - Tarski theorem .
If you 're not quite comfortable with this so far , please go back and reread before continuing on .
Okay , so we can see that applying a function like multiplication can match up numbers within a range of a certain size ( or alternatively , points on a number line between two ends ) one - for - one with numbers within a range of a different size .
But multiplication is by its nature something that " stretches " the size of things .
To show the Banach - Tarski theorem , we need to get a similar one - for - one matching by using an operation that does n't " stretch " things .
The operation we are going to use is rotation in three dimensions .
If you take an object in three dimensions and rotate it , it does n't " stretch " or " shrink " , right ?
This is not meant to be a trick question .
Take a rubber ball and rotate it a bit .
It does n't get bigger or smaller .
Okay , good .
Now , from here on in , I am going to gloss over some of the fiddly details .
If you know some advanced mathematics , you 'll probably spot the tricky bits I 'm carefully not mentioning .
The only reason I 'm not going to mention them is because I do n't want to get bogged down in fiddly details that must be taken care of in a formal proof .
This is not a formal proof , and I just want to get the basic flavour across .
But to have things open up front - yes , there are some details I 'm skipping ; they do need to be taken care of if you want to do this properly ; but they can be taken care of if you know what you 're doing , so they 're not really a problem .
All right .
Consider a sphere .
Let 's take a familiar example so I can define some directions : the Earth .
Okay , the Earth is n't exactly spherical , but let 's ignore that and imagine it's a perfect sphere , with no bumps or mountains or oceans or anything .
We 're going to imagine rotating the Earth around a couple of different axes .
One convenient one is the actual axis of rotation , passing through the north and south poles .
We need a second one , at right angles to this .
Let 's imagine an axis passing through the equator , puncturing the Earth at the Greenwich meridian ( in the Gulf of Guinea on the west side of Africa ) and the 180° meridian ( in the middle of the Pacific Ocean ) .
Spin the Earth on this axis and the north and south poles go whizzing around the middle .
Okay , let 's imagine that we can only rotate the Earth around these axes by one very specific angle .
We can do it multiple times , but each time we rotate the Earth , it must be by exactly the same angle .
The angle we can choose somewhat freely , but it needs to be an irrational number of degrees - that is , it can not be a rational number of degrees .
[ Recall that a rational number is one integer divided by another .
For example , 5/8 , or 2 ( equal to 2/1 ) , or - 3 4/9 ( equal to - 31/9 ) .
Rational numbers can be represented by decimal numbers that either terminate after a finite number of decimal places , or recur with the same sequence of digits repeatedly forever .
The examples in this paragraph are equal to 0.625 , and 2.0 , and - 3.4444 ...
An irrational number is a number that cannot be expressed as one integer divided by another .
An irrational number can also be written as a decimal number , but the digits after the decimal place never terminate , nor do they end up in a repeating pattern .
Example irrational numbers are the square root of 2 , the number π ( = 3.1415926535897932 ... ) , and the logarithm of 7 . ]
If we choose a rational number of degrees , say p/q degrees , then if we apply this rotation q times around the same axis , we end up with an overall rotation of exactly p degrees .
Since there are 360° in a full rotation , if we apply the rotation 360 q times , then the Earth will be in exactly the same orientation where it started .
We do n't want this to happen .
By choosing an irrational number for the size of our rotation , we can guarantee that no matter how many times we apply the rotation , we will never end up with the Earth in exactly the same orientation as it started .
( This is just another way of stating the property that if you multiply an irrational number by any integer , you never end up with a whole number .
This is basically the definition of an irrational number , so we know it 's true . )
You might get extremely close to the orientation where you started , but you 'll never match it exactly .
The only exception to this is if you apply backwards rotations , in the exact reverse sequence , to cancel out the forwards ones .
If you rotate forwards 6 times , then rotate backwards 6 times , you do end up back where you started .
The other interesting thing is that when you combine the rotations about the two axes , you still never end up back where you started , no matter how many rotations you do or in what order - except for the case where a reverse sequence of reversed rotations exactly cancels out the forward sequence of original rotations .
All right , we 're going to need a little bit of mathematical notation now .
Not much , so do n't run away .
Let 's call the operation " rotate by our chosen angle around the Earth 's normal axis in the normal direction " by the letter A .
The backwards operation " rotate by our chosen angle around the Earth 's normal axis in the reverse direction " , we 'll call A - 1 .
The superscript - 1 is standard mathematical notation for an inverse operation .
An inverse operation is one which when combined with the original operation , gets you back where you started .
Rotating in one direction , then rotating by the same amount in the opposite direction gets you back where you started , so the two operations are inverses of one another .
We have two more operations to give labels to .
" Rotate by our chosen angle around the new axis , clockwise looking at Africa " we 'll call B .
And the anticlockwise version is the inverse , so we call it B - 1 .
Now we can write down a sequence of rotations by using our four labels .
We 'll just read them from left to right .
So , for example : AB - 1A - 1BB means :
rotate by our chosen angle around the Earth 's normal axis in the normal direction , then
rotate by our chosen angle around the new axis anticlockwise looking at Africa , then
rotate by our chosen angle around the Earth 's normal axis in the reverse direction , then
rotate by our chosen angle around the new axis clockwise looking at Africa , then
rotate by our chosen angle around the new axis clockwise looking at Africa .
We can similarly write down any sequence of these four operations and it will correspond to a sequence of rotations .
One small trick to notice is that if we ever see an operation and its own inverse next to one another ( in either order ) , those two rotations will immediately cancel each other out , so we can simply remove them .
So , for example , the sequence of rotations : can be simplified to
In terms of this notation , we can be a bit more precise about the earlier statement that you never end up back where you started , no matter what string of rotations you do .
In other words , for example , AAB , ABA , and BAA all produce different overall rotations of the Earth .
Also , something like ABA - 1 is not the same as B - you can't cancel inverse rotations if there 's something in between .
( You can actually see these results for yourself with a six - sided die and defining rotations simply to be 90° for the sake of this limited example .
Seriously , grab a die and play around with rotating it around different axes a bit .
It wo n't hurt your understanding of the rest of this discussion . )
Right .
Now , let 's consider the collection of all possible rotations of the Earth ( subject to our constraints ) .
Let 's call this collection S. Since we can only rotate the Earth by our chosen angle , forwards or backwards , about our two axes , this means that every possible rotation can be written as a string of the symbols A , B , A - 1 , and B - 1 .
Because we never end up where we started ( because the chosen angle is irrational ) , a string of symbols can be as long as we like , and - assuming we 've cancelled out any inverse pairs , to simplify each string to its shortest representation - it will always be a new , unique , rotational orientation .
So there are an infinite number of different strings , and an infinite number of different rotational orientations .
Let 's split this collection of rotations S up into four smaller sets :
the set of rotations which starts with A - call this ( set 1 ) the set of rotations which starts with B - call this ( set 2 ) the set of rotations which starts with A - 1 - call this ( set 3 ) the set of rotations which starts with B - 1 - call this ( set 4 )
Seems straightforward enough .
How big are these sets ?
Well , each one contains an infinite number of different possibilities , so they 're all infinitely large .
But it seems quite reasonable to think of them all as being the same size .
We 've split our set of all possible rotationsup into four " equal " pieces .
Let 's take ( set 3 ) , the set of rotations which starts with A - 1 .
The first operation in each of these rotations is A - 1 , but we do n't say anything at all about what the second operation is .
Except we know it can't be A , because then the rotation would start with A - 1A , and these two operations would cancel and we could have just removed them before listing it .
So the second operation in each of the rotations in ( set 3 ) is either B or A - 1 or B - 1 .
Let 's rotate the Earth by operation A. Okay , done that ?
Right , now let 's look at our sets of rotations again .
All of the rotations are now effectively the same rotations , but with an extra A placed in front of them .
Consider ( set 3 ) again .
All of the rotations in ( set 3 ) are just the same as they were before , but now with an A placed in front of them .
But the rotations in ( set 3 ) all started with an A - 1 before .
If they now have an extra A in front of them , then now they all start with AA - 1 .
These two intital operations cancel out , and we can just remove them .
If we remove them , then the first operation of a rotation in ( set 3 ) is now the second operation of what it used to be .
But the second operation of the rotations in ( set 3 ) is either B or A - 1 or B - 1 .
So ( set 3 ) , after rotating the Earth by A , now consists of all the rotations in sets 2 and 3 and 4 !
In othe words , simply by rotating the Earth by the operation A , we 've converted the set of rotations ( set 3 ) into the set of rotations ( set 2 ) plus ( set 3 ) plus ( set 4 ) .
Let 's stop to think about what this means for the entire collection of every possible rotation - the collection S .
We started by splitting S up into 4 pieces : ( set 1 ) , ( set 2 ) , ( set 3 ) , and ( set 4 ) .
So we could say :
S = ( set 1 ) + ( set 2 ) + ( set 3 ) + ( set 4 )
S = ( set 1 ) + ( set 3 after rotating the Earth by A )
S = ( set 2 ) + ( set 4 after rotating the Earth by B )
Okay so far .
But we 've just shown that if we rotate the Earth by the operation , we turn set 3 into ( set 2 ) plus ( set 3 ) plus ( set 4 ) .
So we could also write :
We do n't need ( set 2 ) or ( set 4 ) any more !
And , interestingly enough , we can go through exactly the same argument , except rotating the Earth byrather than , to show that if we rotate the Earth by the operation , we turn ( set 4 ) into ( set 1 ) plus ( set 3 ) plus ( set 4 ) .
So we canwrite : So , what have we shown ?
If we take the collectionof all possible rotations of the Earth ( under our constraints ) , we can split it up into four smaller sets .
By rotating one of these sets by , and another one by , we can combineof the smaller set to generate , and we can combine theof the smaller sets to generatecomplete copy of
Fine so far , but we 're just talking about a collection of rotations , not the actual bits of the Earth itself .
But we 've done most of the work .
Let 's now consider actual points on the Earth 's surface .
By " point " I do n't mean something like " London " , or even " Piccadilly Circus " - I mean an idealised zero - dimensional mathematical point , like 34.432913...° N , 127.348762...° W. Each possible distinct coordinate of latitude and longitude is such a point , and the latitude and longitude may be any real numbers within their respective ranges ( i.e. have an infinite number of decimal places , either recurring or non-recurring ) .
Imagine one point on the Earth 's surface - it does n't much matter where .
Now , when you rotate the point by A ( rotating just the point around the centre of the Earth this time , not rotating the entire Earth ) , you end up at a new point on the surface of the Earth .
Similarly if you rotate by B , or A - 1 , or AB - 1A - 1BB , or any of our entire collection of rotations S. Imagine all of the possible points on the Earth 's surface you can reach by applying all of the possible rotations in S to your starting point .
This is an infinitely large collection of points , spread very densely all over the Earth 's surface - in every square millimetre of the Earth , there will be infinitely many of these points .
But this is not necessarily all of the points on the Earth 's surface .
There will also be infinitely many points you can't reach from your initial starting point by applying any of the rotations in S .
So pick another point .
And imagine the collection of all the points you can reach from that point by applying rotations from S. This is another infinite collection of points on the Earth 's surface .
You guessed it , there are still points left over .
Pick one of those and generate another collection of points by using the rotations in S .
In fact , you need to select an infinite number of starting points to make sure you can reach every point on the Earth by using the rotations in the collection S. But that 's okay .
In effect , we 've sliced the Earth 's surface up into an infinite collection of sets of points , each " slice " of points being those that can be moved from one to another using a rotation from S - and you can't move a point from one of the slices to a point in another slice by using any of the rotations in S .
One more step :
Make a new set of points , call it M .
The set M is made up of exactly one point from each of the slices we 've just defined .
It does n't matter which point we take from each slice , as long as we take one point , and only one point , from each slice .
( We can do this by using the axiom of choice , assuming you believe it - but that 's a story for another annotation . )
This set of points M is extremely interesting .
Think of any point whatsoever on the Earth 's surface .
There is exactly one point in the set M from which you can apply one of the rotations from S , to reach that point .
This is true because of how we 've defined the set M .
Go back and read it again carefully if you need to .
So , we can reach every point on Earth by starting at one specific point in M and applying one particular rotation from S , and we can't reach it by starting at any other point , or by using any other rotation from S .
Now , split up the entire Earth 's surface into four sections :
The section of points you can reach by starting with any point in M and using only rotations from ( set 1 ) - call this ( section 1 )
The section of points you can reach by starting with any point in M and using only rotations from ( set 2 ) - call this ( section 2 )
The section of points you can reach by starting with any point in M and using only rotations from ( set 3 ) - call this ( section 3 )
The section of points you can reach by starting with any point in M and using only rotations from ( set 4 ) - call this ( section 4 )
Earth 's surface = ( section 1 ) + ( section 2 ) + ( section 3 ) + ( section 4 )
Now , the Earth 's surface is the sum of these four sections :
{Actually , I 'm glossing over something here - in case you 've spotted it and are wondering about it .
I 'll pick it back up at the end * .
If you have n't spotted it , do n't worry about it just yet . )
But what happens if we rotate the Earth by A ?
Then the set of rotations ( set 3 ) becomes equal to ( set 2 ) + ( set 3 ) + ( set 4 ) , as we showed above .
So ( section 3 ) becomes equal to ( section 2 ) + ( section 3 ) + ( section 4 ) .
And we have :
Earth 's surface = ( section 1 ) + ( section 3 after rotating the Earth by A )
Earth 's surface = ( section 2 ) + ( section 4 after rotating the Earth by B )
Similarly , we can rotate byand find :
So , we can cut the Earth 's surface into four sections .
If we rotate one of those sections by a certain amount , we can combine it with another one of the sections to make the entire Earth 's surface .
And we have two left over sections , and if we rotate one ofby a certain amount we can combine those sections to make
We 're in the home stretch now .
The last step is to extend this to the entire volume of the Earth , which is relatively simple .
For each section of the Earth 's surface , just take the volume of the Earth equal to that section , plus all the space under the points in that section , all the way to the centre of the Earth .
We now have four volumes :
The volume of Earth including and under ( section 1 ) - call this ( volume 1 ) The volume of Earth including and under ( section 2 ) - call this ( volume 2 ) The volume of Earth including and under ( section 3 ) - call this ( volume 3 ) The volume of Earth including and under ( section 4 ) - call this ( volume 4 )
Earth = ( volume 1 ) + ( volume 2 ) + ( volume 3 ) + ( volume 4 )
Earth = ( volume 1 ) + ( volume 3 after rotating it by A )
Earth = ( volume 2 ) + ( volume 4 after rotating it by B )
We can split the Earth into these four volumes :
And , well , you guessed it by now : and : Ta da !
Now , either you 're blinking in amazement that you understood everything above and going " wow " , or you got a bit lost somewhere ( in which case I apologise ) , or you 're thinking there must be something wrong with this because it can't possibly be true .
I should restress that this is a mathematical result , which applies to idealised three - dimensional spheres which are infinitely divisible .
You cannot really do this with the Earth ( technology aspects aside ) because the Earth is made of discrete atoms .
The sections and volumes discussed above are not simple pieces that can easily be visualised - they are made up of scattered collections of infinite numbers of points .
If you could see them , they would look like a fractal pattern of sorts .
They 're not just orange segments .
One of the things the Banach - Tarski theorem tells us is that the concept of " volume " of a three - dimensional mathematical object is not as well - defined in a strict mathematical sense as it intuitively seems to be in our real three - dimensional physical world .
This is in fact a well - known problem in mathematics - it is extremely difficult to define the volume of an arbitrary mathematical object in such a way that is corresponds to our intuition of how " volume " should behave .
If you 've ever done any university level mathematics involving Lebesgue measure theory , you probably know what I mean .
( And if you 've done Lebesgue theory and think it 's straightforward , then you clearly understand it better than I ever did ! )
And , as I stated up front , this is a simplified explanation , in which I have glossed over some of the trickier parts .
If you 're very clever , you might spot some of the bits I glossed over .
But the overall result of Banach and Tarski is sound , and has held up as a mathematical proof for over 80 years .
A hole in my simplified argument is not a hole in their rigorous proof .
* One of the points I glossed over , in particular , is the crux of today 's comic .
Jamie is aware of the Banach - Tarski theorem , and understands the basic principles of the proof , as outlined above .
You 'll notice that this annotation implies that you can divide a sphere into just four pieces and reassemble them into two spheres of the same size .
The actual Banach - Tarski result proves that you need five pieces .
The extra piece is needed to take care of some " left over " points .
These left over points include the centre of the sphere , which can't be included in any of the volumes defined above , and the points along the axes of rotation , which obviously do n't move anywhere when you apply some of the rotations .
It also includes the points in the set M itself , which you can't get to by starting at a point in M and applying a rotation .
The " rotation " you 'd need to apply is the " null rotation " consisting of a string of zero of the symbols A , B , A - 1 .
While this is a valid operation , it is n't included in the set of rotations begining with either of those symbols , since it has no symbols .
So it gets left over at each step of the above discussion .
But as explained up front , this detail does n't break the proof of the Banach - Tarski theorem - you can take care of it if you go into a lot more detail than I have here .
So if you know a little about the Banach - Tarski theorem , it 's " obvious " that you can double a sphere with just four pieces .
It 's only if you understand it on a really deep level that you realise you actually need five pieces .
The full demonstration of that is left as an exercise for the reader of this comic .
日本のインターネット環境は物理と論理が分離
新しいサービスを利用できるようになるかもしれない
インターネット のIPv4アドレスが枯渇する問題がいよいよ現実の問題として迫ってきている。業界内ではIPv4からIPv6への移行への対応もまったなしという状況でもある。その一方でNTT東西によるNGN
IPv6接続方式の申請でも諸問題が発生している。この案件は一般の利用者が使う次世代インターネット環境に関わる問題ながら、問題の本質がわかりにくいことから当事者である一般利用者にはほとんど伝わっていないだけでなく、業界内の事情だけで決着がつく可能性も否定できない。
NTT東西のIPv6接続約款変更複数案の併存にJAIPAが不満
- ITPro IPv4の枯渇は2010〜2012年、IPv6導入に向けた課題とは - INTERNET watch今回 のNTT東西によるNGN IPv6接続方式の申請問題について利用者にはどのようなメリット・デメリットがあるのか、そして何が問題なのかを日本インターネットエクスチェンジ株式会社 代表取締役社長 石田慶樹氏に伺った。NTT東西によるNGN IPv6接続方式の申請は、一体なにが問題となっているのでしょうか？石田慶樹氏（以下石田）「IPv4のネットワークアドレスが枯渇する。つまりアドレスが足りなくなることは事実ですので、次世代のインターネット接続サービスでは、IPv6に移行しなければならないわけです。そこでNTT東西の新しい高速な光ネットワークNGNは、今、どのようにIPv6を接続するかを決めているわけです。NGNとIPv6インターネット接続が同時に使う際には『マルチプレフィックス問題』があり、その回避対策として複数の案が提案されています。この問題に関わるのは、物理的なインフラを提供するNTT東西、IP層という論理的なインフラを提供するインターネット接続事業者（以下ISP）、コンテンツサービスを提供する事業者、インターネットの利用者の4者です。」関わる4者の内、問題となるのはどこなのだろう。石田「NGNとIPv6インターネット接続を同時に行うために4つの案が提案され、どの案を採用するかで主にNTT東西とISP間で調整が難航しています。光回線接続という物理層提供元とIP接続という論理層提供元が分離していることから起きているともいえますが、日本のインターネット環境はそうした物理と論理が分離した状態で発達してきていますので、統合とかは難しいでしょう。」物理インフラと論理インフラは本来は分離しなくてもよいものだ。海外では物理インフラ事業社が論理接続サービスを提供するという形式が一般的であるという。日本の場合は、インターネットの登場時の物理層提供元や社会的な判断とNTTの東西分割など法改正など背景もあり、現在のような分離した環境となっている。現在提案されている接続案は、下記の４つ案1：ISP側に終端装置を設置する案2：NGN側に終端装置を設置する案3：NGNがインターネット接続機能を提供する案4：接続事業者三社によるローミング・サービスを利用して接続サービスを提供するこれだけだと利用者である我々には、なにがどうなるのか、さっぱりわからないので、具体的にどう利用者の影響があるのかを石田氏に聞いてみた。案2では、利用者にも終端装置を追加設置する必要が発生する。つまり現在の接続機器のほかにもう一つ機器必要となるわけだ。ISP事業者にとっては現在のサービスモデルのまま提供を維持できるが、利用者とNTT東西には追加負担がかかるという。追加機器のコスト増も一部で指摘されているが、提供規模など量産効果が働けば負担は小さいとの意見もある。案3は、NTTがすべてを解決する方法だが、NTTの閉鎖性や顧客の囲い込み、提供価格競争原理が働かないなどの弊害があるとして採用候補からは遠のいているという。案4は、ローミング・サービスを利用することで、接続品質を一定に保てるほか、接続におけるボリュームディスカウントなどが行える可能性がある。また全国・地域に特化したISP展開など、ISPは利用者側に向いてサービスを展開することが可能になるという。ここしばらく、ISPというと各社の差別化が難しかったが、ISPは顧客獲得には自社サービスの差別化に迫られるため、利用者はユーザービリティの高いサービスを選択できるようになる可能性があるという。石田氏「案2では、ISPは現在のサービスを維持・提供できますが、利用者はIPｖ４だ、IPv6だ、あるいはNGNのサービスだといったサービスの種類による違いを理解して選択する必要があるため、今よりリテラシーを求められます。またNTT側も網の改造など追加機器が必要となります。そしてコンテンツ提供者は、その終端装置との動作検証を改めて行う必要があるでしょう。案4は、逆に接続サービスの品質が一定になりますので、案2によりもISPが利用者に独自の利便性を提案・訴求していく必要が生まれます。つまり、案2は利用者とNTTとコンテンツ提供者が対応する負担は増えるが、インターネットのサービスが大きく変化する可能性は低いわけです。案4では、ISPは接続面での差異が小さくなりますので、利用者にアピールするサービスを提供していく必要が生まれ、それにともない利用者は、どのISPサービスを利用するかなどの選択肢が増える可能性があります。ISPにとっては新しい変化が必要となるかもしれませんが、利用者にとっては市場が活性化し、新しいサービスを利用できるようになるかもしれません。」利用者にとっては、案4のメリットが高そうだが、反面、ISPには大きな変化が要求される可能性が高い。接続のバックボーンが一定なのだから、魅力的なサービスを提供すれば、ユーザーを増やすことができるからだ。そうなるとユーザー獲得に注力・成果のあげられるISPが成長し、競争とともに市場再編もおきる可能性があるという。ISPにとっては、案2だと何も変化はないが、案4はチャンスでもあるがリスクでもあるわけだ。日本に商用のインターネットが誕生して十数年、地上デジタル放送への切り替えによるデジタル機器の普遍化なども含め、家庭や社会への浸透も進んでいる。インターネットは、今現在でも変化・進歩しているといってもいいだろう。インターネットをとりまく社会環境が大きく変わり、パソコンだけから家電へ、屋内だけから屋外まで、日常生活のすべてでインターネットが利用される時代が開かれようとしている。インターネットの利用環境やサービスにも、新しい展開が必要とされてきているのかもしれない。現状を維持してかりそめの安定を求めるのか、おそれず新時代への扉を開くのか？NTT東西、ISP、コンテンツ提供元、利用者にとって、どのような選択が最善なのか？生物の進化とその系統樹には、生き残った種と進化の袋小路に入った種が記録されている。日本のインターネットも生き残るための進化のターニングポイントを迎えているのかもしれない。
Just a week after the Pirate Bay trial ended , another site finds itself up against the music industry .
IsoHunt , one of the leading BitTorrent sites , is fighting out a dispute with the CRIA in court today .
Of course , everything can be followed through Twitter .
Last September , is oHunt decided to sue the CRIA looking for confirmation that the site is not doing anything illegal .
In an act of self defense , is oHunt owner Gary Fung filed a petition ( pdf ) asking the Court of British Columbia to confirm that isoHunt –and sister sites Torrentbox and Podtropolis– do not infringe copyright .
“ This is our preemptive strike with a narrowly defined petition for Declaratory Relief that we do not infringe , in anticipation they are going to file their own lawsuit that we do infringe ( their copyright ) , ” Fung told Torrent Freak at the time .
IsoHunt has asked the court to decide whether . torrent files , and BitTorrent search engines in particular , are infringing copyright or not .
In other words , should BitTorrent search engines be held liable for the .torrent files that might point to copyrighted data ?
If so , what does this mean for other search engines , and sites such as YouTube ?
Today , isoHunt and the CRIA appeared in court .
While is
oHunt asked the court to rule that they do not break any laws , the CRIA is demanding a full trial against the BitTorrent site .
This landmark case might be the one to define how files can be distributed online .
Among other things , isoHunt argues that they are just a search engine , like Google , and that they have no control over the files they find elsewhere on the web .
In court today , they showed that a filetype : torrent search for Coldplay on Google returns plenty of torrent files , similar to a search on isoHunt .
All isoHunt does is index other BitTorrent trackers and indexers , without human intervention .
The files that can be found on isoHunt are scattered all over the Internet , and even these files are just metadata .
IsoHunt founder Gary Fung told TorrentFreak that the judge converted their petition into action at the end of today ’s hearing .
“ He just thinks the issues are too complicated and consequences far reaching legally and technically , and a full trial is more appropriate for discovering all documents , ” Gary said .
“ The important issue is not about the complexity or ramifications of our case which we wo n’t dispute , but rather CRIA liking to use full action and discovery because it ’s costly for all parties and the court and was exactly why we decided to bring our petition first for efficiency before they were going to sue with an action , ” Gary told Torrent Freak in a response .
IsoHunt is likely to appeal the order for conversion .
To be continued .
CAIRO  Thousands of Iranians poured into the streets of Tehran on Thursday , clapping , chanting , almost mocking the authorities as they once again turned out in large numbers in defiance of the government ’s threat to crush their protests with violence .
As tear gas canisters cracked and hissed in the middle of crowds , and baton - wielding police officers chased protesters up and down sidewalks , young people , some bloodied , ran for cover , but there was an almost festive feeling on the streets of Tehran , witnesses reported in e-mail exchanges .
A young woman , her clothing covered in blood , ran up Kargar Street , paused for a moment and said , “ I am not scared , because we are in this together . ”
The protesters set trash afire in the street , and shopkeepers locked their gates , then let demonstrators in to escape the wrath of the police .
Hotels also served as havens , letting in protesters and locking out the authorities .
This has got to warm the cockles of your heart :
NIAC sums up the video thusly :
This video , with translations from NIAC intern Nahid , shows Ahmadinejad getting heckled and mocked by a throng of Mousavi supporters as he leaves the mosque .
For my money , chants do n’t get much better than “ Ahmadi Bye Bye ! ”
Someone I assume to be a government official walking up to a car with hand raised , in gray suit , condescendingly saying “ Droplets of water , return to the ocean . ” ( it ’s a reference to a poem ) .
The cameraman asking him : “ Have you not been looking to the streets ?
Just look at the streets ! ”
Second cameraman : “ Mr. Mirzavi , we liked you . ” [ too many people talking at the same time – inaudible ]
Cameraman again : “ Just do n’t cheat this time . ”
Then they start screaming “ MOUSAVI ! ” when Ahmadinejad shows up and “ LIAR ! ” when he is pulling away , and then my favorite : “ Ahmadi Bye bye . ”
Designer Jinsun Park from Korea has come out with a simple tool called Color Picker .
Place the pen against an object and press the scan button , the color will be detected by the color sensor and the RGB cartridges in the pen will mixed the required inks to create the target color .
Group urges investigation of ISPs to prevent Internet spying
A group is urging US legislation to investigate the behavior of local Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) after reports saying that Iranian ISPs used western technologies to spy on the country ’s internet usage have surfaced .
The Open Internet Coalition , along with some advocacy groups , have called for a review of protocol among ISPs , after The Wall Street Journal published reports that Nokia Siemens Networks has sold technology to Iran called Deep Packet Inspection Technology ( DPIT ) which allows the Iranian government to monitor the internet use at will .
The problem is , while it cannot be confirmed yet whether or not it is being used to snoop , DPIT is currently used in ISP systems , meaning there is an open potential to actually eavesdrop on Internet activity .
Iran is using DPIT to monitor the contents of emails , snoop on VoIP calls , and listen in on generic internet activity , like uploading a video into YouTube .
In light of recent events , Iran uses it to monitor the proliferation of activist movements brought about by the current turmoil regarding the recently concluded elections .
( Parenting.com ) --
Even though some of my mothering skills came naturally , like realizing I could nurse my newborn son , Conrad , while walking up the spiral staircase , my confidence as a new mom was hard - won .
Author offers tips on turning " torturous " hairwashing into something a toddler will look forward to .
I always assumed there was a book , or a gadget , or one of Angelina Jolie 's nannies , who knew how to do everything better than I could .
Worse , I thought my lack of mothering - nerve was a blemish on the image of the perfect mom I wanted to be .
( I had n't yet realized that trying to be perfect was ridiculous . )
I kept my insecurities to myself and continued to shop for stuff I did n't need and buy tomes that were better used as stacking blocks .
Then I got a card from an older family friend , and all she wrote was this : " One day you will feel like you know what you 're doing . "
Six years , many mistakes , and another baby boy later , I do .
But that card let me start to trust myself more every day .
Parenting.com :
Are you pregnant ?
16 signs you might be
Well , dear reader , consider this your own card from an old friend .
We 've gathered the best , most ingenious it - worked - for - me tips from moms and childcare experts to help you sail , not sob , through all the small but significant day - to - day acts of being a mom .
Confidence , here you come .
Three insta-soothers you can count on
Do n't Miss Parenting.com :
The REAL way to prep for breastfeeding
Parenting.com :
The REAL way to prep for breastfeeding Parenting.com : Easy , do - anywhere Pilates moves
Parenting.com : Easy , do - anywhere Pilates moves Parenting.com :
Healthy grab - and - go foods :
No utensils required
Parenting.com :
Healthy grab - and - go foods :
No utensils required Parenting.com : 30 + easy ways to pamper yourself
Parenting.com : 30 + easy ways to pamper yourself Parenting.com : 10 superpowers of pregnant women
Parenting.com : 10 superpowers of pregnant women Parenting.com : Pregnant ? 16 signs you might be
1 . Try the triple play
Rub lavender essential oil on the back of your neck for a calming scent ( feel free to swipe your kid's Johnson & Johnson lotion ) .
Then wrap your baby in a blanket and gently bounce on a fitness ball or the edge of the bed , suggests Jill Wodnick , a doula in Montclair , New Jersey , and mother of Nathaniel , 7 , Sebastian , 4 , and Emerson , 2 .
2 . Head to the loo
Need help fast ?
Run the bathroom fan and faucet .
Low , droning noises remind your little one of hearing your heartbeat in utero , says Dr. Altmann , mother of Avrick , 4 , and Collen , 2 .
3. Create a toddler cocoon
" When toddlers throw tantrums , they often need to block out stimulation in order to calm down , " says Corinne G. Catalano , school psychologist at the Ben Samuels Children 's Center at Montclair State University .
So instead of picking up your tot , make a " cave " or cocoonlike space by throwing a blanket over a small table and allowing him to climb under it .
If you 've got a pop - up kid tent , that will work , too .
Give him his lovey and a pillow , and he 'll have the soothing sanctuary he needs to regroup .
Help the medicine go down ( or in )
Who has n't squirted Motrin into her toddler 's ear when he 's putting up a feverish fight ?
Take a cue from Mary Poppins and mix a dose of medicine with chocolate syrup , suggests Tanya Altmann , M.D. , author of " Mommy Calls " .
For toddlers and older babies on solid foods , medicine will seem like a treat !
Another option : Refrigerate OTC meds .
Cold can mask the taste .
For eyedrops , lay your baby on her back and put a toy on her belly so she 'll look down .
If she 's old enough to follow directions , just tell her to close her eyes .
Place a drop on the inner corner of the eye , right by her nose .
When she looks up or opens her eye , the drop will fall right in .
( Works for drowsing pets , too ! )
Ten things you never knew you could do with one hand
1. text - message
2. make spaghetti
3. feed a pet
4. wrap a present using a mini- shopping bag , tissue , and a stick - on bow
5. brush an older child 's hair
6. fold baby clothes and put back in drawers
7. repot a plant
8. write thank - you notes
9. whip up a smoothie
10 . tend to husband 's personal needs ( if you know what we mean )
Parenting.com :
Healthy grab - and - go foods :
No utensils needed !
Happier hair washing
Turn this often torturous process into something your toddler will look forward to :
Treat her to a salon visit right in your own home , suggests Parenting Mom Squad expert Denene Millner , of Snellville , Georgia .
What to do :
1 . Talk in a fancy voice and ask her to lie down on the kitchen counter , with her head hanging over the sink , just like she would if she were sitting in the shampoo chair at a salon .
2. Roll Up a towel and put it under her neck for support .
3 . Let her lean back and enjoy .
Use your fingers to give her a head massage while you shampoo .
4. Rinse , wrap hair up in a turban .
5 . Accept kisses as tips .
Better bangs
The unfortunate hallmark of an at - home trim is poorly cut bangs .
The secret ?
Do n't cut them from ear to ear .
Instead , trim them in from the outside edge of each eyebrow .
Car seats on the fly
Many a parent has suffered a long flight with a crying baby only to discover that she can't get the car seat out of the airplane seat .
Because airline seatbelts open with a pull lever , the belt can easily get wedged in the car - seat back once it has been tightened .
If you can't pull the lever , well , you 're stuck .
Parenting.com : 10 superpowers of pregnant women
Avoid this problem with two solutions that are FAA compliant :
Ask your airline attendant for a seat - belt extender , suggests Troy Lanier , coauthor of " DadLabs Guide to Fatherhood . "
The extender attaches to and lengthens the belt so you can reach the buckle when deplaning .
If you can't get their attention in time , simply turn the buckle over so that the clasp opens in a different direction .
Parenting.com : Easy , do - anywhere Pilates moves
How to defuse road rage
We 've all been there :
You 're making great time on a trip home from the mall and then , bam ! , traffic .
Your child , who was happy moving at 50 miles per hour , is hysterical when your speedometer drops below 10 .
Some quick tricks to avoid crying jags .
Parenting.com : 30 + easy ways to pamper yourself
1 . Turn on cool tunes
As soon as you see a stream of brake lights ahead , pop in a customized CD that sings your child 's name in every stanza ( $ 14.95 to $ 19.95 ; mymusiccd.com ) .
" When my girls hear their names in a song , they instantly stop crying , " says Tomlin , who 's the author of " Chaos 2 Calm : The Moms of Multiples ' Guide to an Organized Family " and mom of 3 - year - old twins , Peyton and Sydney .
2. Dial it in
Low - tone cell - phone ringtones can be calming , says Catalano .
And that 's why when Nancy Caron 's 18 - month - old son , Parker , is inconsolable , she whips out her cell phone and plays tones that are heavy on the drum and bass .
( If she 's in the driver 's seat , she pulls over first ! )
3 . Stash some magnets
Dig out an old metal cake pan or small cookie sheet and load it up with large magnetic pictures or letters ( they should be larger than 1 ¾ inches in diameter ) .
The magic of magnetism can keep them entertained for hours ( okay ... many , many minutes ) .
Three nighttime tips
1. Think Big
To avoid 2 a.m. diaper leaks , Brooke Harmon of Phoenix puts her son in a diaper one size up : " It absorbs all the pee and never makes a mess . "
2 . Go backward
Tonia Tomlin of Plano , Texas , got so tired of her twin daughters ' late - night ritual of ripping off their pjs that she put their footless zip - up sleepers on backward .
3 . Do diaper prep
Pre -fill newborn dipes with ointment before bed to save time during middle - of - the - night changes .
Better mothering through technology
Heather Gibbs Flett and Whitney Moss , authors of " The Rookie Mom 's Handbook , " offer up four ways to convert your iPhone into the ultimate mother 's helper .
1 . Make it a baby monitor
You 're at a dinner party and are worried you wo n't hear your sleeping baby in your host 's bedroom .
Download the application at codegoo.com / page / baby- monitor ( $ 4.99 ) , then stash your phone near the babe .
If he stirs , your phone will call a number you 've chosen ( e.g. , Daddy 's cell ) .
2 . Let it lull
Download the white - noise ambient application ( $ 1.99 ; tmsoft.com/iphone-whitenoise.html ) and place the phone in your baby 's car seat or stroller .
The app also offers a variety of sounds , including some as quietly calming as lapping waves and rain .
3 . Turn it into a tracker
Log your baby 's diaper changes and feedings with the applications at andesigned .
net ( 99 ¢ , $ 7.99 ) .
Both store a history of your data , in case you need to share it with your doctor .
4 . Have it wooo them download the wooo button
( iphoneappreviews.net /2008/08/01/wooo-button ) .
It 's simple :
You press a button and a man shouts " Wooo ! "
Kids love it , and it's so harmlessly addictive that you 'll be amazed at what you can accomplish !
Must - know multitasker
Now that you have a kid , you 'll never get to go to the bathroom alone again .
How to master the pee-and - feed with ease .
1 . Wear elastic - waist pants or a comfy skirt you can lift with one hand .
2 . Get the babe happily latched on .
3 . Do your business .
4 . Flush later -- no need to chance a startle .
Tasty teething trick
Frozen washcloths are great , but your baby may stay at it longer and get more relief if you add some flavor into the mix .
Parenting.com :
The REAL way to prep for breastfeeding
Try putting large chunks of these in a mesh teether :
Sour pickles ( surprised ?
kids adore all things tangy )
Cool cucumbers
Sweet carrots
Stand - Up comedy ( aka the vertical diaper change )
1 . Wrap one arm around your child 's belly to hold him still , then tear off the old dipe .
2 . Ask him to touch his toes if he can , then use your free hand to wipe .
3 . Place new diaper over the front of his body , push it through his legs , and then over his butt .
4.Secure tabs .
Hike it up gently , then adjust tabs again if necessary .
Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE !
Copyright 2009 The Parenting Group .
All rights reserved .
Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .
All About Parenting • Food and Cooking
Foto : FDP Baden - Württemberg
Seit ich die Geschichte über die dubiose eidesstattliche Versicherung von Silvana Koch - Mehrin , der EU - Spitzenkandidatin der FDP für die Europawahl , geschrieben habe , konnte ich einiges über Dirty Campaining lernen .
Und zwar haben ausgerechnet FDP - Wahlkampfhelfer von Koch - Mehrin die Kommentar - Funktion zum Beitrag " Wirbel um Eid von FDP - Europaspitzenkandidatin Koch - Mehrin " benutzt , um anonym Schmäh - Kritiken loszuwerden .
Woher ich das weiß ?
Die Helfer benutzten dabei die IP - Adresse 217.110.45.10 .
Das ist die IP der FDP - Bundesgeschäftsstelle in Berlin , Reinhardstraße 14 .
Nur einige Beispiele , falls jemand nachlesen möchte , was die Leute geschrieben haben : igor in # 39 , edward in # 32 , # 25 , # 13 und in # 11 , sowie Mark in # 14 Besonders interessant ist Edward .
Seine Email - Adresse zu der IP 217.110.45.10 lautet adib.sisani@xy .
( Vollständige E- Mail aus Gründen des Datenschutzes nicht veröffentlicht )
Dies ist deswegen spannend , da ein gewisser Adib Ashraf Sisani als Verfasser der Präsenzlisten von Koch - Mehrin auftaucht , die auf der Internetseite der FDP - Politikerin veröffentlicht wurden .
---
Nachtrag :
Wie mittlerweile wohl jeder weiß , ist Adib Ashraf Sisani der persönliche Pressereferent von Koch - Mehrin -----
Zusätzlich wurde mir mit diversen Klagen offen , in Emails und Hintenrum gedroht .
Naja .
Warum das Ganze ?
Es scheint , als habe ich mit meinem Blogbeitrag eine unbequeme Wahrheit berichtet .
Nun , ich habe geschrieben , dass Koch - Mehrin in einem Rechtsstreit mit der FAZ eine eidesstattliche Versicherung abgegeben hat .
Dort sagt sie , sie habe eine Präsenzquote von 75 Prozent .
( neu : Ihre Rechtsanwälte sagen inklusive der Fehlzeiten als Mutter ) Damit man mir das glaubt , veröffentliche ich hier die eidesstattliche Versicherung von Koch Mehrin .
( für größere Darstellung auf die eidesstattliche Versicherung klicken )
Foto : FDP Baden - Württemberg
Seit ich die Geschichte über die dubiose eidesstattliche Versicherung von Silvana Koch - Mehrin , der EU - Spitzenkandidatin der FDP für die Europawahl , geschrieben habe , konnte ich einiges über Dirty Campaining lernen .
Und zwar haben ausgerechnet FDP - Wahlkampfhelfer von Koch - Mehrin die Kommentar - Funktion zum Beitrag " Wirbel um Eid von FDP - Europaspitzenkandidatin Koch - Mehrin " benutzt , um anonym Schmäh - Kritiken loszuwerden .
Woher ich das weiß ?
Die Helfer benutzten dabei die IP - Adresse 217.110.45.10 .
Das ist die IP der FDP - Bundesgeschäftsstelle in Berlin , Reinhardstraße 14 .
Nur einige Beispiele , falls jemand nachlesen möchte , was die Leute geschrieben haben : igor in # 39 , edward in # 32 , # 25 , # 13 und in # 11 , sowie Mark in # 14
Besonders interessant ist Edward .
Seine Email - Adresse zu der IP 217.110.45.10 lautet adib.sisani@xy .
( Vollständige E- Mail aus Gründen des Datenschutzes nicht veröffentlicht )
Dies ist deswegen spannend , da ein gewisser Adib Ashraf Sisani als Verfasser der Präsenzlisten von Koch - Mehrin auftaucht , die auf der Internetseite der FDP - Politikerin veröffentlicht wurden .
— Nachtrag :
Wie mittlerweile wohl jeder weiß , ist Adib Ashraf Sisani der persönliche Pressereferent von Koch - Mehrin — –
Zusätzlich wurde mir mit diversen Klagen offen , in Emails und Hintenrum gedroht .
Naja .
Warum das Ganze ?
Es scheint , als habe ich mit meinem Blogbeitrag eine unbequeme Wahrheit berichtet .
Nun , ich habe geschrieben , dass Koch - Mehrin in einem Rechtsstreit mit der FAZ eine eidesstattliche Versicherung abgegeben hat .
Dort sagt sie , sie habe eine Präsenzquote von 75 Prozent .
( neu : Ihre Rechtsanwälte sagen inklusive der Fehlzeiten als Mutter )
Damit man mir das glaubt , veröffentliche ich hier die eidesstattliche Versicherung von Koch Mehrin .
( für größere Darstellung auf die eidesstattliche Versicherung klicken )
Demgegenüber veröffentlichte die EU folgenden Statusbericht zur FDP - Politikerin inklusive der 59 Fehltage als Mutter .
Ich stelle fest : Zwischen den beiden Angaben ist eine Diskrepanz .
Es liegt nahe zu sagen , die eidesstattliche Versicherung sei falsch .
Ob das zutrifft , kann nur ein Gericht entscheiden .
Denn eine falsche eidesstattliche Versicherung wird mit bis zu 3 Jahren Knast oder mit Geldstrafe geahndet .
Die Rechtsanwälte von Koch - Mehrin sehen das natürlich anders .
Sie rechnen vor , dass Koch - Mehrin häufiger anwesend gewesen sei , als in den Anwesenheitslisten bestätigt ist .
Dies würde aus den Abstimmungslisten hervorgehen .
Gut .
Von der Durchsetzungskraft dieser Erklärung hängt es ab , ob Koch - Mehrin mit ihrer eidesstattliche Versicherung nicht doch noch in den Abgrund fällt .
Gerne hätte ich die Listen aus einer Email veröffentlicht , die mir der Rechtsanwalt von Koch - Mehrin zugeschickt hat , um diese Sichtweise zu bestätigen .
Aus diesen Listen soll erkennbar sein , dass Koch - Mehrin 75 Prozent Anwesenheit hatte .
Leider darf ich das aber nicht .
Sie sollen aber hier zu finden sein .
klack Ich weiß nicht , ob das die gleichen Listen sind , die mir zugegangen sind .
Die Rechtsanwälte von Koch - Mehrin sagen , sie seien sicher , dass die EU ihre Zahlen weiter nach oben korrigiert würden .
Dabei ist es im Prinzip sicher egal , ob Koch - Mehrin 75 Prozent der Tage da war oder 62 Prozent .
Das sind Kleinigkeiten .
Genauso ist es nebensächlich welche Details in dem Prozeß vor dem Landgericht Hamburg besprochen wurden , den Koch - Mehrin gegen die FAZ verlor .
Es geht im Kern darum , ob die Politikerin eine falsche Eidesstattliche Versicherung abgegeben hat .
Das wäre fatal .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Chinese police have arrested 1,434 people over rioting in Xinjiang province , official state media say .
Rioting broke out on Sunday in Urumqi - the capital of Xinjiang - leaving 156 people dead and more than 800 injured .
Unrest has continued , with hundreds of Uighurs facing off against police in Urumqi on Tuesday , and protests around a mosque in Kashgar on Monday .
Beijing blames ethnic Muslim Uighurs for the violence , but exiled Uighurs say police fired on students .
Demonstrators said they had been demanding justice for two Uighurs killed last month in a fight with ethnic Han Chinese at a factory in southern China .
The bloodshed drew international concern , with the US calling for all sides to " exercise restraint " .
The official Chinese news agency Xinhua reported on Monday that police believed agitators were " trying to organise more unrest " in other cities in Xinjiang , a mountainous and desert region that borders Central Asia .
About 200 people " trying to gather " at the Id Kah mosque in the centre of Kashgar , on the ancient Silk Road , were dispersed by police early on Monday evening , Xinhua said .
Police also revealed they had information about efforts to organise unrest in the city of Aksu and the Yili prefecture , Xinhua added .
Yili is a border region that was hit by ethnic unrest in the late 1990s .
Calm in Urumqi
As relative calm returned to the bloodstained streets of Urumqi , paramilitary police patrolled the main bazaar - a largely Uighur neighbourhood - carrying batons , bamboo poles and slingshots .
Extremist forces inside and outside of China communicated with each other intensively before the incident erupted
Liu Weimin
Chinese embassy , London
Uighur resentment at Beijing 's rule China tells its own story Accounts of Xinjiang violence Mobile phone services were said to be blocked and internet connections cut or slowed down .
Witnesses and state media said that rioters overturned barricades , attacked vehicles and houses , and clashed with police in Urumqi on Sunday .
State television showed footage of protesters beating and kicking people on the ground .
There were graphic images of people who appeared to be ethnic Han Chinese sitting dazed with blood pouring down their faces .
Wu Nong , news director for the Xinjiang government , said more than 260 vehicles were attacked and more than 200 shops and houses damaged .
UIGHURS AND XINJIANG
Uighurs are ethnically Turkic Muslims
They make up about 45 % of the region 's population .
40 % are Han Chinese China re-established control in 1949 after crushing short - lived state of East Turkestan Since then , large - scale immigration of Han Chinese Uighurs fear erosion of traditional culture Sporadic violence since 1991 Attack on 4 Aug 2008 near Kashgar kills 16 Chinese policemen
In pictures : Xinjiang protests Q&A : China and the Uighurs China tells its own story Accounts of Xinjiang violence A senior communist party official in Xinjiang confirmed on Tuesday that 129 men and 27 women were killed in the clashes in Urumqi .
The figure is higher than had been reported on Monday .
The police say some bodies were recovered from street corners in the aftermath of the clashes .
Others died in hospital .
Accounts differ over how the violence happened .
The Xinjiang government blamed separatist Uighurs based abroad for orchestrating attacks on Han Chinese .
But Uighur groups insisted their protest was peaceful and had fallen victim to state violence , with police firing indiscriminately on protesters in Urumqi .
Liu Weimin , a spokesman at the Chinese Embassy in London , told the BBC's The World Tonight that extremist forces had been involved .
" The local government in Xinjiang has evidence that extremist forces inside and outside of China communicated with each other intensively before the incident erupted on Sunday , " he said .
Rebiya Kadeer , exiled president of the Uighur American Association , denied claims that she had incited the riots .
She said she had learned about the protests from websites and only called her family in China to warn them to stay away from any trouble .
There has been widespread international concern at the clashes , which some analysts say are the most serious in China since Tiananmen Square in 1989 .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon led the calls for restraint , a sentiment echoed by Britain and the US .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said : " We are deeply concerned over reports of many deaths and injuries from violence in Urumqi in western China .
We call on all in Xinjiang to exercise restraint . "
Are you in Xinjiang ?
Did you see what happened in the region ?
Tell us your experiences using in the form below .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
President Hamid Karzai accused Afghan guards working for U.S. coalition forces of killing a provincial police chief and at least four other security officers yesterday , and he demanded that American forces hand over the guards involved .
Karzai's call suggested that U.S. coalition members were protecting Afghan security forces involved in a raid on the attorney general 's office in Kandahar city , the country 's largest southern city and a stronghold of the Taliban .
However , a U.S. military spokesman , Chief Petty Officer Brian Naranjo , said no American forces from any branches were present or involved in the incident .
Gunfire broke out after Afghan and U.S. forces moved into a heavily protected government complex in Kandahar and ordered employees to stay indoors , said Mohammad Khan , an employee in the attorney general 's office .
Hafizullah Khaliqyar , the district attorney , said that about 50 Afghan security forces dressed in military fatigues and carrying guns burst into the office complex , demanding the release of a man accused of falsifying documents .
When the troops threatened to release the man by force , Khaliqyar called the provincial police chief , he said .
" After that , when the police chief wanted to talk to these people , there was some argument , and the gunbattle started , " Khaliqyar said .
Physicist discovers a formula of laughter
A sense of humor is a strong male quality , a sign of good intellect
U.S. scientist Igor Krishtafovich discovered a formula of laughter .
He came to Moscow to spread the formula among his former compatriots .
As it turned out , humor is a weapon .
Igor Krishtafovich is confident that humor always implies aggression .
“ It is a bloodless verbal fight aiming to raise your status and strengthen your position .
Even a friendly banter is a sort of intellectual clash , a kind of training before serious battles .
In fact , we try to figure out who 's the boss in the family when we poke fun at our loved ones , ” says Mr. Krishtafovich .
“ Why the man who just cracked a nice joke is normally laughing louder than the others ? ”
“ Well , he feels on top of the world , his moment of triumph has just arrivided . ”
“ If laughter is akin to aggression , why women have a liking for jesters ? ”
“ A sense of humor is a strong male quality .
It is a sign of good intellect .
Evolution stakes precisely on the intellect since a smart fellow has more chances of survival .
That is why a sense of humor can be a much bigger sign of masculinity than the pumped - up muscles .
Needless to say , I 'm talking about the subconscious level of perception . ”
Formula of laughter
According to Mr. Krishtafovich's theory , humor has always been around .
Even in prehistoric times when man was just a few steps away from monkey .
This is a prehistoric reaction on the level of reflex .
Humankind has refined humor over thousands of years of history .
Humor became more exquisite and complex .
These days it is hard to make people laugh yet you can succeed if you follow the formula by Igor Krishtafovich .
Using the formula , you can even find out whether your joke was good or not .
“ The formula is primarily for comedians , writers who write satirical pieces , and politicians .
A good joke can effectively entice the voters .
Sure thing , you should bear in mind the mood of an audience and complexity of a joke , ” says Mr. Krishtafovish
The formula is as following :
HE = PI x C/T + BM
PI – personal involvement
C - complexity of a joke .
The higher degree of complexity the better provided that your audience can solve the problem within 1 or 2 seconds .
T – time spent by a person solving a joke .
The longer the time , the weaker the effect .
BM – background mood .
A joker can have an advantage if an audience enjoys the show .
However , a real good joke can “ blow up ” the most dismal audience .
HE – humor effectiveness .
